Drugs tracking? Baby launch a couple of missiles. There's a tour to place we know. Oh, and we know that of them. Who's certain we can't withhold? There's one thing we all understand. But to do it, help me to won't be finished. Until we blow up back and stand. Okay, we could chase him round forever. With our tanks and all our troops. The special forces are so tired. A jump in through the emphos. We know we need another place. Until let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up back and stand. Oh, Brian. How can we even hear our tanks? You've been charlatanised up with you, good. And who are we? The pack of snails. What do you say to use a tatth button? What do you say? Boom, boom, boom, boom. You're real. Ten-two, man. I've been around some nervous nellies in my time, but I have never. Just like the thing we're discussing about wartime concertaries, Pop-Hag, Janko, look what we got. Look what we got. Man, oh man. Get the stab shrink in there for muck and clearance. Okay. The truck and stab. Wow, wow. I'll get the old truck and head in there for them. Oh, boy. I talk about crazy than a fair of bed bugs. Anyway, happy Wednesday, to be. It's a real happy day for us, because we got a Marlon game. And a son is shining. It's not going to rain. Hey, did you get this pop-up on the copy yet? Yes. Okay. Would you just relax your little wire too now, because of all that shanagan's going on this morning? It was a fun to walk. There was one thing when you, something out that we can't put on the ear under the current environment that exists. The current chilling climate that exists. But when you, it isn't even there. And then you have a couple of boneheads who can, oh, I hear it. It's under there somewhere. And there's nothing there. Then you know at that point, they're both over the edge. They both need a long cooling out theory, you know what I'm saying? Wow. So much going on. Terry non-bidways on our website today. As our, we kind of, be decurtin. We'll get to that stuff in a minute. First of the bad news, besides a muffin clearance came in. Don't let them come in again anymore right before the show. That's, no, seriously. Even in, in Sturgyus, Michigan, they wouldn't do that to you before you supposed to do a radio show, they wouldn't do that to you. Just mess with your mind. Everybody, better move, better mind. Let's hear that again. Let's hear that again. How about a better bleep? That's America searching for a better bleep. That's what we're doing in search of a better bleep. While beeping people are dying all over the world. For example, Jubilant residents, yanked the bodies of four foreigners, one a woman, at least one an American out of their burning cars today, dragging the charred corpses through the streets, and hung them from the bridge, spanned the Euphrates River in Felugio. Five American troops died in a roadside bombing nearby. The brutal treatment of the four corpses came after they were killed in a rebel attack on their SUVs in the Sunni Triangle City, about 35 miles west of Baghdad. It was reminiscent of the 1993 scene in Somalia, when a mob dragged the corpses of a US soldier through the streets of Mogadishu, eventually leading to the American withdrawal from the African nation of Somalia. And one of the bloodiest days of the US military this year, five American troops died when their military vehicle ran over a bomb and a seven incident 12 miles to the northwest. Champion Felugio is the graveyard of Americans residents cheered after the grizzly assault on two four wheel drafts of Indian vehicles, which left both in flames, others chanted we sacrifice our blood and souls for Islam. In other words, like that. Associate oppressed TV news pictures showed one man beating the charred corpse with a middle pole, others tied a yellow rope to a body hooked it to a car and dragged it down from the main street of town, two black and a mangled corpses were hung from a green iron bridge across the Euphrates. Well, that's interesting. Now I'd like to know what they're bringing the candy and flowers for the rest of the troops, the ones who are still alive. Now that we've reached the 600 mark even, they're going to agree this was candy and flowers. Right. Anyway, here's the results yesterday's pool. Do we have to read a read all these names? What are we? Half shit. Oh, well we got Marlon's on deck at 1250 today. And Marlon's at the Orals in Fort Lauderdale, a 105. The Humphor, the Hebrew Hammer follows the base volume, and we've got no rain inside and some beautiful day in South Florida. So that means we are again, nice, sure, show today. And believe you, me, this is the appropriate day for it. What was your all-time favorite Elvis Presley song we asked in our poodle yesterday on thefangusneedorodges.com, where we don't have any phony options, by the way? Elvis sucks. 210 of you said that 22.7% I thought it would be a lot higher than that. It started out about 38% and I went down from there. As the Elvis people came flocking in to vote on our pool. Can I say flocking? No. As the Elvis people came f***ing in, well, that makes any worse than that. Hell. Hey, sometimes no bleep is better than, yeah, I see. Yeah, that's what we learned this morning. Right. Oh, what a couple of bleeping idiots, man. Jesus. Those people in the hell will be all, we all ought to be on the beach by about 230 to San Fernando and permanently. Elvis sucks. 210 of you said that, 22.7% but your favorite Elvis Presley song we have along with is, I'm only going to read to one's in double digits. Can help following in love 112. If that's the best Elvis Presley song in heaven help us, you know? Suspicious minds 110. See, how's Rocky 87? A little less conversation 70th of sucks. In the ghetto 63, town dog 59, Viva Las Vegas 55, especially when Bob Lincoln sings that I really worked up. All sure cup 51, return to Cender 42. Can tuck you rain 40. Burning love 30. Then I actually had it done better. That burning love's pretty good. It's okay. Huh? It's okay. Oh, I was going to play a little bit of burning noise, but it. How's it going to be? How's it going to be? Oh, talk about getting a couple of people really. In crazy. Let me 10 or 35. Cut the trap 34. That's all right. Mama 29. Loose way choose 28 with apologies to Carl Furfins who still did. Fulls rush in 25. One night 21. I should have been much hired and that's a great song. That may be the only really good song you ever did. Little sister 19. It's now or never 18. I wonder if you 16. I want you. I need you. I love you 12. Blue Christmas 11. And after that, it's single digits for all these other marginal songs. Where am I ring around you neck? Because Dan, but two, I don't think have three. What is wrong with these Elvis people? Even the people that liked them. Their taste is in there. Is in your touch, man. Okay. Can I say that? Their taste is in your. Where am I ring around your neck is just great. That was actually another pretty good song. By anyway. There is the Elvis stuff from yesterday. If I could only tell them, if I actually had that tape roll in this morning, I'm going to little saw my old age in my dotage. If I would have had the tape roll and I'd tell you that's a little meeting we had this morning. We could do a replay. Oh, no, no, no, you could do a justice. Okay. I think do a justice. I can't. Hearing things that don't exist. Oh, but I want to better believe in there. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, a better breed to cover up what you've quizzed you. Simple than you. You silly goose man. Anyway, Terry non. She's behind a be the curtain. If you're over the age of 62, if you're not collecting social security yet, but you're right on the edge, if you have 14 pieces of ID and if you have permissions, but from the attorney general and all of his ass systems, then you might be able to take a quick peek at the We had to be the curtain pitch you today. It's Terry non. How different she is? I don't know. The 45. 42. Oh, sorry Terry. He was born June 26, 1961 and for some reason, the IMDB bio here is very, very weak. I could look up some other bios this morning, but Eric decided to sleep in. So I had a very short, short time span to check this out. Audition for the role of Princess Lea. And what are you playing there? Those are her songs. This is a bit of a role of Princess Lea in the Star Wars series. Filmography, seeing 1989, in her space 87, space balls, a space, a, nineteen eighty seven, top gun, better off dead, which is how I think some people had a building ought to be. The Georgia peaches. Now what this has got to be, I don't understand. I don't get it. What? I don't know if Scarce's all over him. The Georgia peaches, uh, scared straight another story, eighty-fourth anniversary of a centerful. Well, these are the TV ones. I thank God it's Friday and having babies three, for having three babies. And there you go. So she's in a whole bunch of stuff. Terry, non-cees on here. And if you're like, very old, you can go take a look at that. Now that's what her most famous role. What's that? The Lea singer Berlin? And all those incidents? Yes, it does. Oh, I've just didn't get to that. Okay, I don't listen. Very short time span because Eric slept in late. Really? He's a 10 days late and $45,000 short. We got those two blathering idiots. I've got that word buggerness before they show this morning for about 40 minutes, which is never going to happen again. And number three, who fears? Okay, now here's the deal. Stop FCC.com. I guess it'll need a moral now because it sure isn't going to happen today. Not with fast-so sleeping and laid up there. But, uh, after you this Scott and New York, I got to tip my head to him because very rarely it is like one individual. It goes to show that people can make a difference. One guy put his heads together and come up with such a good idea and really carry it through so well. He's got 130,000 plus signatures already. And Florida, by the way, is only about 170 behind Texas or Keshe and I'm not going to put you today, but the end of the week you're right, we'll pass Texas like those Yahoo's are standing still to move into second place behind California, which is often running. But I'm looking at the page today and this is really interesting. Something brand new, well first, uh, first before that. I noticed at the bottom of the page on stuff of CC.com, Scott says, this paragraph is getting very expensive for me to run. We've set up a PayPal account for accept donations. I don't want you to get confused with that and the thing we're going to raise donations for to buy the newspaper and you must say today or wherever. But I would hope that some, in fact, I know I'm going to send them some cash if you can donate any amount even firebooks to help stop at CC.com and to campaign for free speech. Please keep the button below. The button below. Oh, why don't you set it up? Careful. And then Scott, if he's a master correctly, you don't need it. So please send him a few bucks, okay? And the anyway, you've got a new feature on here, but the link to our letter generator is sent letter to your senators. This is fabulous. And when you click on a link letter generator, it comes up with a thing for you to assign your name and address and then all you do is press the button underneath that. And you click in which state you live in. And you just click send to my two senators and not a big, there goes you don't have to anything else. Which I think is absolutely fabulous. Nice going, Scott. Sensational job. So close to show you out of a 300 million people there's one out there. It's really doing a hell of a job. Nice going. And he doesn't give a f*** about that. In fact, he does give a crap about it, which is why I started the whole thing. 12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQM. Let me tell you right now if the mattress gets worn out, your back is going to tell you because you'll wake up feeling in the morning like crap like you haven't slept at all. So if you need new mattress, there are all kinds of ways to do it. You can head to your bed and get a department store and get ripped off. We can do this smart thing like I've been doing for a long time. Color, good friends, a dialometrist, 1,800 mattress. Now dialometrist backs up everything they see and they're advertising 140%. But the competitor still lie a lot. When you see a big mattress and making outrageous claims, be sure to redefine print and you will discover all of those lies. Here's an example. There's a big headline that says, half off. But then you discover that there's only a price to limit it so much to buy them. You've never buy everything else's full price. And they probably don't know the regular price first. And you'll probably never be able to make the first change if you don't like it anyway. But if dialometrist derides have no tiny print, no disclaimers. When you call 1,800 mattress, you'll see that their prices are so low. Other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete. Dialometrist has a no risk 30 day company exchange. Follows on all beds including yours. Don't forget when you call dialometrist at 1,800 mattress. You're getting your company right number one overall customer satisfaction from Kendall The Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And dialometrist reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide to buy from somebody else. So what you'd be waiting for, do the smart easy convenient thing. Just make that one easy call, the 1,800 mattress or log under their website, Macris.com. Dialometrist had 1,800 MADT-T-R-E-S-D-ON-S-W-A, the while you were great. You were great, Ben. Not a lot of people are here. You're a sports-weightie, no five six you see what suits you, man. Now I hate this place. Nothing works here. The MADT-T-T-T-R-E-S-D-ON-W-A, I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place. Nothing works here. The MADT-T-T-T-ZON-W-A, I've been here for seven years. I hate this place. Nothing works here. George Bush. There must be you can land so that you can. I'm going to be the end now you said you So definitely just find my two feet And send in your mind George Bush Your position is safe, it's John Gary And so choose your faith, it's old questions A sublimation of God that might lead your rep Do Asian star or a whole All the soldiers say you're not A WOEL and you can put your tongue on day WOEL, oh One of the funnest things to do A tell me can't find Were you worried as long as you're inside You party then you went A WOEL And daddy, hope to do the way WOEL, oh If you don't become a queen Women's story that's real Do my turn back over on PEO That's 17 at 560 WOEL And Rick Facts is engaged by a woman Finally kind of leaves is going to test the fine public under Roach, it's the one with the T.C. Posture on what's The St. S. L. Fowl's dumb home I wouldn't be surprised if she invoked The fifth one more than one occasion he says I really hope she does and makes the whole Ministers say, well I've been Restration is difficult for themselves in a grave Says Rick, who's relentless And also in his right Big Arnie says that your Wayne High Zinger Talking about why he kept wants it on his head coach That Alpen's Lloyd and I guess he called the a little dog this morning He's what I heard Joe say at the end of his show You didn't hear it? No One of the things Wayne mentioned is a matter of fact I'm thinking right now in honor of this Why do we play Oh that's right we can't what I just want to do a stir up a little side-cociousness There in Boke at their minds Quick to work probably listen to right now On the edge of each other's seat Dad Dad Dad Dad Anyway See I heard that I heard the H Yeah I didn't say anything else Oh can't say H Oh Anyway one of the things he mentioned is that they've wants to say religious men Oh yeah What that doesn't have to do with anything Should he be fired if he wasn't religious man And then he says Jesus Christ Or speaking of a Christ Yeah What's that guy up there? The Attorney General of the State of Florida Charlie Christ Here's a riddle for you And I'm not going to give you the answer What does Mark Foley that the Republican representative from West Palm Beach Mark Foley Charlie Christ and Charles Nelson Riley have in common That's the riddle I'm not going to give you the answer Okay What? I didn't say anything I'm just I'm just crossing that out there for you to think about What happened throughout the day? Dad Because two of them are still alive I'm not well I don't want to answer Okay it was a rhetorical question What is the Charlie Christ Mark Foley and Paul Leand haven't common? I'll think about it Okay Paul Leand is dead so that couldn't be it Anyway five six seven What am I going to remember about having a good with the pull question? You know while I'm under a lot of stress and peripherally Because before the show we had Like a little seminar there's a brain trust camera Like that Wow that that was special man I've heard some real crap in my time So then good thing we can still say crap I mean a darn good thing Gosh darn That we can still say crap Because that was the biggest pile of manure man Even the cowfields in Iowa They have never seen or smelled manure like we just got laid on us for about 40 minutes That was really talk about piling on Here's today's poll question I don't think we ever asked did we do this before? No I never did If you could be any famous living person for one year Who would it be? Now George said we're for Murdoch How was thinking about it? I'm not really sure Since you said for a year To that wouldn't want to be like permanently You know he's old Right But for a year I could do a lot of things Yeah, you probably open a lot of bank accounts In Switzerland Right, twice I'm going to put down Tom Brady Okay Okay Because although I wouldn't want to get hurt And I'm football games but never to less He's got his big and strong And of course there were those looks and everything You're whatever you want You know what I mean? Guys girls Anything I mean just I'm talking about friends of course We're not talking about I'm not talking about that Right People to hang out with So anyway that's our poll question I think it's pretty interesting If you could be any famous living person for one year Who would it be? And don't give me this Oh I'm happy being who I am Yeah right Oh please Oh no They all wanted to do that You know I don't give me that crap Okay We're not going to do you weigh him Hello Hey good morning How are you guys doing? Pretty good I was going to put you up Are you speaking? Hey, deal I just got an idea for a poll Okay The poll would be basically You know who gave Who gave the Who's saying all his weapons and mass destruction And If you're not good Okay It's going to be great Thank you I'm going to call you And we love them Marley Oh the best They're my favorites Marley and Jenny Orioles in forlaterda Marley and I'm deck 3 games It's a 1250 and Marley and 1015 It's going to be great In the sunshine state The fact let's play 10 Turn what? How come we haven't put the poll up there If he put the poll up now We don't have it We don't have it I'm going to push you up We don't have anything for it yet We got two names And then he can go away And Josh can add a mother That's my point See All right If you don't need to hold much names Because obviously he's got a little bit Catching up to do up there in Orlando He's got to start making a bacon for all Them sandwiches he's going to beaten So let's get rid of the dereco Let's hop on it baby We got Terry Nun And her brother Sam Nun They're on their naked WQA and hello Hey Neil, I know Pretty good Hey you know so I guess we're going to get this right to testify This bush is a flip flop artist He says one thing And he does something else Flip flopper WQA and hello They're all doing stick to this They're doing the world again Yeah, we're trying to say the world again WQA and hello Oh, we haven't heard from that Did you in the long time? Do I am? Oh, yes sir Yeah, I don't Can I answer Neil's thing about the following thing? We don't worry about Neil's thing No, they're not there Didn't ask a question Okay, they said Jesus K Christman Wow If you could be any famous living person for one year Who would it be? I think that's a fine question And of course then when bush comes on yesterday And does that real quick With no questions asked and Neil How come he waited so long and he's running away from the press? Who's he kidd man only the dumbest of the dumb? To a lot of it What he really should have said was the political pressure got heated up So bad we had to drag her out and put the bitch on there We just hope she'll make a full lot of herself And y'all the audience That's it That's the name of that tune Of course he wouldn't say that But that's basically what he said WQA and hello Good morning, you're doing Yes, pretty good Oh my god, that's stuff in the future Really boils my blood Yeah I understand you know that what I'm about to say Isn't going to go over well and I understand you know What you're about to say in other words This is a practice to what you're about to say Sort of Yeah If I can You can feel allow me Yeah I just basically you know Feel this I mean I understand the angle about That we that we went to Iraq on false pretenses And the whole thing with bullshit I don't support him at all But the fact that he's hypocritical Iraqis are going to you know Queer that that's something's gone But then you know they don't like of being there And they're attacking people that are really trying to help You know I mean they're trying to help We build by closing down newspapers They don't like the opinion of for example And by taking cutting off their tingle with their jobs No I don't like to hear a lot of it By turning their cities into like a blood bath into a nightmare Well I mean they're the cowards They're not your body You know you're buying this whole balloon that we went there to Liberate your Iraqi car I would get some help I guess a metal helper immediately before the days Out of fact wouldn't get your three for one deal with Duffin clearance okay wouldn't get you held a deal package deal They got package deals that every shrink in town now Because times are tough We didn't go there to liberate anybody okay The neocons designed this hole And then that's what's coming out now with all this kind of lesive business man Would Richard Clark and with the polonial and all of these people This is nothing new This is no like Paul Kirkman sitting in the article right yesterday There's no debate about this They had the road map for all of this crap drawn out there five years ago two years before 911 There were just waiting for any excuse And that's why right after 911 well I would do the rack of anything to do with this I want you to go and find me some look connect you with the rack Yeah I mean what kind of garbage is that? And those people everybody there the Iraqis themselves and the 600 Americans and the bricks and the Australians Everybody else who's died there. They'd still be alive today for work for this insanity Not to mention of course how we've left on our guard on the war on terror because we've ever did all these resources and troops They're into this bogus war in Iraq and you're buying into it and how they should be grateful to us Well, other first of all are crazy religious nuts all right We're not gonna straighten out. We're not gonna democratize the Middle East Let's say that's a pipe agreements lunacy and if we wanted democratize the Middle East why don't we start in some of those great democracies like Saudi Arabian Pakistan? That would be good Yeah, democratize the Middle East by fat ass lunatics and same crazy people And this guy talked to his another one I'm that for boys, but that that that these are ingrates these bastards there Right he'd be real sympathetic at Talhat's where petroleum speech kicking his door down That's right. It would be great and closing down the Harold was probably be a better idea than whatever newspaper. They shut down in Iraq He'd greet them with candy and ours. Well, I had a trip down that paper because it was ahead to do something with Shiite. Yeah, oh no What he said, oh no Good. I don't think that belief is good enough Yeah Ha ha ha Ha ha Ha ha 27 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need my friends It's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are incredible. If a zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit zero fee zero discounted points Give yourself the new lower interest rate. It does 1.25% If you have 100,000 loan your payments are just 334 a month If you have a 200,000 loan your payment to the 608 a month and don't forget once you be found answer to the new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay closing costs again So call today and find out about it. You'll love it call 1 866 395 land If the low rate mortgage you deserve then moved you next property would know for the cost of expense You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero closing costs even when you moved another property Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group for details Here's that number to call to get it's a brand new number 1 866 395 land and never ever pay closing cost again 1 866 395 LENV The Renequel housing lender restrictions apply rates subject change monthly 4.21 APR And low cost 6.4 fuel prices You Does it know what is my double result? That's what he said the time just things and now all of his verbal gas are on one amazing video It's gelantary gone wild It might not be a popular opinion but damn it. I love G. Lee. Great moving. Yes gelantary is willing for president and he's running his mouth And we've captured every job office statement on gelantary gone wild. I'd love to shit for it But I've got to get back so I can get queer eyes And over some reason I'm strange. I'm very practical. It's personal. It's controversial. It's done. My creepy. It's gelantary gone wild I don't care what you do to Ralph later. Just make it look like an accident Order in the next 10 minutes and you also get this special bonus video Gelantary gone wild. Still got a style What a piece. I'm curious up in the isle for shibu mind results Where? Get both gelantary gone wild videos for the low campaign contribution of only 49 95 Let's go now. What were you saying? It's 1031 at 5.60 Everybody got thought he said there's a little bit of a drizzle. Anyway. Yeah. Rul says bill gates. We got to down. He wants bill gates. By once his money I guess this choices these choices are kind of strange Hugh Hector 10. Rupert Murdoch 2. Tom Brady. One of them will just put bill gates on it. We'll build this. Let's see. Let's take this till 3 4 5. We'll go wild a bug game is on. WCWM. Hello. Hi Neil. I think they wanted to go to Iraq for the minute. Okay. Great. Well I'm really happy about that. We're not talking about that today. All of a sudden out of nowhere. If you want to do that kind of talk. Call up era America. They're reviewing a new day with the Al Franken Show. You'll be able to hear it. Call up era America. This part of the crowd out there that wants to do a light bulb radio all over again. I have no idea where they started from today. But you talk about preaching with a choir or restating the obvious. We don't know all of this. Okay. All of these things. I'm trying to give you a little bit of diversion. Let's see I can up a little bit. Let's have a little bit of fun. That's too much of course because I can get some people upset. Anything. I'll speak in another place you can produce. Alv gets Gore TV. The New York Observer is learned that former Vice President Al Gore and business partner Joel Hyatt and entrepreneur Democratic fundraiser will close the deal to pay around $70 million to French-owned Vervendi Universal this week, making them the owners of the tiny digital cable channel Newsworld International NWI. It's on love the director. Anyway, moving Mr. Gore from politics to many media mobile. Mr. Gore's science and transform the sleepy for news outlet into a user-oriented public affairs channel, a jump cut news network for the iPod set. Despite what Cicrus claims that the network isn't a community-limitable and a total of two group of Murdoch's Fox News. It's difficult to ignore the obvious. It may be fair and maybe balance but it's going to be on by Al Gore, which we say. Oh, right. You go boy. So sad. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We're debating why we are in into a rack today. Oh, why they don't love it. I don't know. They must have been listed in the Joel Rochill. Maybe Joel was talking about this heavy dismal. What do you think? There's such hypocrites. Didn't they ask us to go over there? WQM, hello. Hello, New Year. Yes. How are you? Okay. Kindlees are a little like a moose. Okay, great. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. New. Yes. How about the new hacker? Yes, sir. On there, he's got 13 votes. 560, 560, if you've been to any famous living person for one year, who would it be? What is that game? I got a good idea. What? Two have to. Oh, what a good idea. I get it. I understand. Go to QM, hello. New Year. Yes, sir. First of all, I got a give you a name for the poll. Please. Please. Yeah. The number one thing on your poll is going to be breaking fears. You want to know why? Because forget about cinnamon or money. You play with your body all day. You just stay home and never give anything to them. I see. Okay. Moving right along. Don't say I spoiled that to our innermally right now. All right. Listen, Wayne called up on your buddy Moe's show and was yelling at him and Geldy from this quoting. Really? Yeah. Didn't hear what I'm talking about in here, Joe. I heard him say was that Wayne called the station. I didn't hear what was on the Moe show. That's amazing. Wayne called Moe at like 745 and I guess he said he was in the car. He was unhappy with the miscoding by Geldy and now Moe and said he wanted to test some things straight. Miss Kona, about what? By the way, by the way, Wayne hates you. I should point that out. I've mentioned that before, but just too busy for God. Yeah. Well, he was I guess before the before Wayne called in, Geldy and Moe were talking about how he had talked about ABC theory. He'll be the next name arena and he just basically just some quotes. And Wayne wanted to say that that was incorrect. So basically he didn't call in as a friend. He called in too. You know, yellow. Well, what do you mean he said that was incorrect. I heard them play that the yesterday. He did say that. He said that he didn't say would be said he might be for the next day and he would be for the next day. You know, or something like that. Right. He said that the quote that Wayne claimed he said was that he wanted ABC theory to be the next and arena where as Moe and Geldy were saying, you know, oh, you know, Wayne's saying he's going to be the next and the arena. So Wayne said I never said he was going to be the next and arena. Right. So now as we had a big touch of touch between Wayne, I think, and the Geldy and Moe. That's what happened. It was about what I can say is, excellent. That's the best news I've heard all of you. You made my day, pal. All right, buddy. We'll put Brittany on the fold. Okay, she's on her. She's on the poor position. Uh, in that great, that is great. Boy, sure, Turquoise, I'll have an hour before we find a got the interpretation of that. Of course, you'd have to be one of Moe's listings. How many of you got? I've got 30 minutes. I've heard that. We don't have like a big crossover between us and the Mollman. WCWM, hello. I would love to be Ricky Martin. I'm not being raco. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah. I got your type of tongue. Come on. Ricky Martin, I'm on now. Don't be an out. Can we play this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know right now. Oh, come on. Where's your adventure spirit? All right. You can take a beer. Sure. All right. But I think another time. Yeah. I don't know any lines in that. Okay. And I don't want to find out. I don't know either. I do. Yeah. I don't know. I'll be banged. Well, I'm just checking. WQM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? Show a spark out of little rocks. But yesterday show was great for us. Helper. You okay, Reverend Jones. WQM, hello. And you was going on that. How are you doing, sir? Pretty good. How about the look of the world? Who is it? Miguel Cabrera. Miguel Cabrera. Miguel Cabrera. Good morning, this player. Oh, okay. Miguel Cabrera. I never heard of him in my life. I couldn't name me three Marlins players if you stuck a gun to my nose. I couldn't name you one. Oh, I can't let's see. I was Brad Penny. He's gone and seen. Yeah. But he left it about. I don't follow the baseball anymore. I gave up baseball the last time they said, oh, we're not getting paid enough. What are you? Just like hockey this year when they do the same thing next September. I'm going to say, oh, well, you know, I'll go and give that up entirely. But if they ever play again. In fact, I got permission from. And I want to say audience to know that clearance wants to apologize profusely for that scan that we ran yesterday that we were forced to read the A course that encouraged me to promote for that auction, which it turns out it wasn't for charity at all. It was for the beeslies for a little what was the term used a rat a new revenue stream. Yeah, I'm streaming all over myself just thinking about it. Okay, a new revenue stream. That is the chincius. I mean, seriously, you joke about the thing that maybe you're not joking about the deliverance and the banjo boy and all of that stuff. I don't think that's an exaggeration. And of course we've all met Bob for a move. Have a way. Let's speak for it. So, but I mean, these people, man, if you're out there in nice day like today, and you're wondering, or you see some folks up in a tree, you know, that's their tree house. Man, the beeslies. That's not a possible boy. It is so scary. A new revenue stream for the beeslies, well, good. And tell people about tell say commercial enterprise and that they're fleece in the public to pedal in a bunch of a sports member of BLEO. Okay. God. It sends me a promo here like it's something for charity, like something for a good pause. Oh, well, we never really thought about that. Yeah, sure. No, they were too busy thinking about sticking bleeps where there aren't any words. How do we describe that to the audience? How do we describe that? I think what you ought to do. I say, well, you ought to tell us, let's give them a demonstration right now. You got that. Is it in your DCS yet? Or you got that? The bit word block. I got to queue it up. Okay. Let's play it after the break. All right. I'll play that bit. And then I'm going to demonstrate to you the how all of this FCC pressure has affected the minds and as the term minds loosely of some of our programming geniuses in the South Florida and all around the rest of the country, how the chilling effect of the FCC has had, of course, these people over the edge. It is a scary thing. Funny before 11 at a five 60 WDF, you're going to see who happens got 33 Bill Gates 10, Tom Brady 7. Rupert Murdoch 3, Brittany Spears 1, and Ricky Martin and Mugrel, Miguel Cabrera, don't have any. Miguel Cabrera, put a hell of a zan. These are the marlins. What's wrong with you, mate? I know Don Trail. We're in the spell with Don Trail. Will us? Isn't that good? Yeah. Very good. Now let me think of some others. Some other marlins. Who's the kid that won a game in the last game in the world 3? Don't tell me. Well, he traded away a whole much more people by the way. It's my name. Josh Beckett. Oh, man. Am I good or what? Damn. Let's do a sports show. Josh Beckett. I'm so proud of myself. Now, Beckett rams with 19, 4, 11 at 5, 60 WDQM. If your carpets are a little on the nasty look inside, if it's time to get him clean, and Chris Spring Clean is on a lot of people's mind if they're like not sloths. Here's the answer. Just make one simple caught up with our good friends at drug concepts because nobody comes close to the amazing job they do for. I'm not joking. I've been telling you for years that when they finish, you look around and looks just like you had brand new carpying late in your floor. And most of the 20 years I've used them. Of course, I had the two dogs. And when you got dogs, I don't have to tell you about the mess and the smudgy got in the house and all that stuff. But believe me, even when I had the dogs going, they still, every 10 day finish, you look around and think this is like a miracle right on my floor. They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft of the touch they smell, let me fresh. They're dry and just a couple of hours you're ready to rock and roll all over again. So if you want brand new looking carpets that are fresh to the cost, these are the people you want to call and don't forget, rock concepts gives you a written guaranteed price upfront before they serve the job. But it's your carpeting, your area bugs, your drapery, your pull through all of these things. So call today and when you do a called rock concepts, ask how you can say 15% on your next car per cleaning, haven't put them to understand by a list. Also say, if you're off there already, reasonable low price and don't forget, like I said, correct for the first time, yourекс give up. Don't have his ever-handling stress-usuality a single bullet, which Port Judy wants to find you and that will definitely promise you will give me a throw again your little bit loose. Communist Party's first day, but did it make sense? Why is that? Write the name and write your name and check out Laurie e.g. F metres three sides of the training exam. So we said it seems that this is our required course. for Mars mission control. This mission control we are waiting for. We are a solution. And it is guys who now the Mars rover has dug up something on Mars. Robert, bring it here boy. Bring it to the general. It looks like that it's a boat. A boat on Mars has a boat. Or should we say on Mars a boat. This is almost important to everyone. If you decide to avoid the ship, go to the board. And a ship. Or a candidate. More of the trails on rover to discover you about. Soon on Mars. As they become available. What did he find on Mars? Oh, 1045. And these are suggestions we're getting. That money with a Michael Jackson. I'll put that on there. You ought to trace that. That sounds like some pedophile. Uh, and then George W. Or Neorodges. What kind of suggestions are these? I don't know. What's going on? What about his aunt name? What's all this blue to see today? Yeah, I think it's insanity day. In fact, look at the click on stop fcc.com right now. Okay. Click on to what. And you see we are on the left instead of seeing the tallies from the various states. You're looking at it? Go there. Uh-oh. What is that all about? Scott's ever had any of them having some problems with his website because he... Oh, woo. What does that mean? What does that mean? I don't know. Permission denied resource days, but I have no idea what that's all about. But I think you're right. Today is the day the world like, what was it like that? Crazy. Somebody says Michael Douglas. Okay, let's put Michael Largosa on there. Uh-oh. Thanks, he's really hot. Okay, let's get that on there. And by the time the ball game comes, Rob will have maybe a few names on here. About 30, man. Maybe 10. If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would it be? He would have been 44. 76 votes. Bill Gates 17. Comrading 9. Rupert Murdoch 4. Brittany Spears 2. Ricky Martin, none. And Miguel, Comradina, none. Why would you want to be Miguel Cabrera? Can you explain that to me? Josh. Can you make a lot of money? Uh-oh. He's like 19. I don't know. He's getting a lot of girls, whatever. What can you do? Is he really? He's 19. He's got a lot of action. How do you know that? Well, uh, he has been the magazine didn't article about him or whatever. And uh, he's doing pretty well. Well, good for him. So, WQA. Good morning, Neil. Good morning, Neil. Mr. I would like to add one for the poll. Sorry, Jeremy. The wrong Jeremy. Okay, Roger. I mean, this guy wants to be fat and hairy for a year. I don't think these people get it. Uh, it's great. Oh yeah, this guy. I like it a lot. Roger, I mean, would be great. Would you like to be wrong Jeremy? No, no. I sure wouldn't. I don't want to sit on a chair. He's sat on. Oh, God. How about, uh, what's your name? The goddess. He'll be on air America through the afternoon 3 to 7. Don't sit on the chair. She's not in that way. Tell me a good poll by the way to take one day. Who, uh, what, what chair? Well, I'm trying to think I was with Frays that. And Josh Friedman, Randy Rhodes. I mean, there are a whole bunch of people. If you day at previously said, I'm a chair. I want to sit on a chair after. Right. Well, something like that. I think Josh Friedman might. A Randy up. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a suggestion for your poll. Really? Okay. W. I want to be W for a year. Yeah. Why is that? Um, I don't know. Okay. Well, uh, think about it. Okay. Put him on your George W to Bush. Why not? Why not? Okay. They want to be W. Power. Don't worry. Go on. I know what it's like to be. We'll do it like a drooling idiot. WQA and hello. Anyhow, you're doing pretty good. Uh, I wouldn't want to sit on an inch chair afterwards. But so before the last break, you said, uh, you said Josh Beckett, you know what Ryan's effect is and so like, Anyway, I listen, we were going to play that bit. And I never got around a planet before the word. Anyone. When it's word and block, here it is. It's a bit of a way to where the federal community is going to be. Commission is on a mission from God to protect your children. And perhaps yourself from the simple danger of dirty words. What you may not know is the SEC regularly to or private telephone calls as well. That's why faith-based ministry's corporation is proud to introduce. We're a block simply attached to the SEC to use the vice-teer phone. And the words of singing will be blocked out in stability. Hello. I thought to have a minute of your time to talk about our time. Yeah, uh, Hello. It's just great to have them in this low. Of course, I mentioned that we can be fine and any of them follow you. Hello. Mission paper for you. Please, folks, for my, oh, I am. Oh, I dropped here. Global is called winning hundred bull with fast and word block. We'll be shipped directly to you for a generous donation of $2,000 to the Republican National Committee. So I think we're sticking to fly. Okay, now here's the deal. Every week, Volker Brian records his like four or five family bits. And he asked to bring them into the station so that mufflandsy can find something productive to be doing. And, uh, listen to them first to make sure that they're okay. They're got his squeal of approval to be on here. Right. So he brings these in yesterday, which every two day, I guess the day that he generally shows up with the disc. And, uh, muffsets down and listen to this and then he and Clarence get their heads together. That's the same Clarence who gave me that memo yesterday and lied to me. And given a full crap about that phony option about that new, uh, revenue stream. But anyway, and so they listen to these bits and so they get to this one and all a little red light goes off in their head. Right. And, Duff goes through a whole pernietic song advance about he wishes that Volker would redo it so that the second bleep is as good as the first one. The only problem of that being is that Volker didn't verbalize any of the words that he bleeped out. In other words, he just put the bleep in there. There's no word actually there in a recording. But he wants the first bleep and the second bleep to be the same. Oh, my God, we're talking about, put it in the crate, certifiably crazy people. Get the straight jackets. Get the honey junior. Straight jacket. Wow. Oh, get the an also straight jacket. For both of them. Man, that has got to be one of the most astonishing things. And we spent about, I would say, out of the 40 minutes that we wasted in my life this morning with them, the two of them in that seminar, about 20 minutes of it on that bit. Playing it over and over. Oh, yeah, but I hear it. I hear it. They hear it because it's in their mind that they hear it award that isn't there in their mind. That's what happens when you got a filthy dirty mind, okay? Emotional elder bush attacks on critics. Top. An emotional former president George Herbert Walker bush yesterday, The fetid is sons of Iraq war and a large doubt at White House critics. It is deeply offensive and contemplable to hear elites and intellectuals on the campaign trio. The Swiss programs in Iraq's societies overthrow Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein. The elder bush said in the speech, too. Hold on now. All right. Hold on. A speech to the National Petro Chemical and Refiner's Association's National Convention in San Antonio, Texas. Oh, so nice that there's little gas prices, Bush family. There was something ignorant in the way that dismissed the overthrow of a brutal dictator in the so-called C's of basic human freedom in the death trouble part of the world he said. The former president appeared to fight back tears as he complained about media coverage of the younger bush that he called something short of fair and balanced. It hurts enough a lot more when it's your son who's been criticized and when they used to get all over my case, Bush was often complained about media coverage of blood for presidency. Right. Please. Yeah, especially when you consider the immediate street of this one would like velvet gloves. The ultimate shill act is what they put on. Scary. But the senior bush, he's very upset and he's a pistol from fard up. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. W2N hello. Good morning. Good morning to you. I'd like to give the idea for the poll for the day. Yes, sir. Please. How about Tiger Woods man? This guy plays golf all the time. He's a multi-millionaire. He's hooked up with a sweet supermodel. Exactly. Good choice. Excellent. Thanks, Bally. I'm a great day. Tiger Woods is a good choice. He's got plays golf and he's making millions and millions and he's getting some very, very serious on action. And there you go. Let's see. Here's what it says. I'd like to be a jab bush but only till the end of the year so I can make sure it's your free ones. You're lucky. That's cute. I like that. That is really cute. Oh, and then why did you fast me this thing about Fox rule? Why did you do that? See, a lot of you people out there, your intentions are good but you're preaching really quiet. Just to keep repeating the same stuff. We all know about Fox. Okay. Anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail knows about Fox. Except the reason, of course, who's infected with them on passions but she's on the inside she ain't going to begin out anytime soon. You're watching that now. Aren't you a passions? Oh, y'all. That's your homework assignment. In fact, I guarantee you know, a shirt and a lot better in the yellow caberas. So there you go. You have to have 60 votes. Bill Gates 24. Tom Brady still stuck on nine. Rupert Rupert Rupert, Fox five. Brittany Spears four. Ron Jeremy three. Ricky Martin two. Nick Elcherboro two. Michael Douglas, Nundroch, W. Bush, Nundroch. And Tiger Woods. How about Peter North? I mean, if they're going to put Ron Jeremy on there, right? Right. I mean, Lee and Lee, and Lee, slow put somebody under that once upon a time, look pretty good. You don't have to be ugly to be getting lots of action. I'll put Peter North on there. Just out of protest today. Ron Jeremy crap. Well, what is that? We just will be putting on their old school steam. I just did joke. I'm so sorry I mentioned that because I mentioned name Josh. Just like Eric often does, we'll put it on there. Don't put out gold steam on there. By the way, did you talk to our gold steam about getting in touch with his buddy Larry Flint and getting the host of magazine to promote stuff at CC.com? No. No. I haven't spoken to him in a year ever since. Well, I'm sure he'd appreciate hearing from just about anybody at this point. Oh, look at that. We got the signatures back on there. And now, 199 behind Texas again. We're not making any progress. Texas is doing it, man. They're smoking. The last five signatures from Maryland, Pennsylvania, Texas, Washington and California out of 130,000, 720 on stuff at CC.com. But we, you know, we squeeze this rock as hard as we can as far as our audience. And they've done a pretty dang good job. Probably if for me to say, but they responded pretty to them. That gosh darn well. WQM, hello. I've got the definitive winner. No man alive. That's not want to be Johnny Deft. Johnny Deft sounds good to me. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. No man alive. He said does not want to be Johnny Deft. You would mind being Johnny Deft for a year? No, no problem at all. I would not mind at all being Johnny Deft for your ever. Johnny Deft would mind being Johnny Deft for a year. Wouldn't mind? Hopefully you'd rather be Miguel Cabrera, I guess. That would be you. But now I'm going to say why would you want to be you after he's an old man? I'm not talking about his looks. I'm talking about his lifestyle. But you're missing the points either. Or I'll say young guys. When you're at the be a young guy who's a, I mean, who has to be probably pop and vibe. We're like, like, parents like Mickey says. But again, we're not going on like his looks. I just want to live the lifestyle. If you have for a year. And what's all the bunnies? At the mansions. I think this was a bad question today. That's a good question. I don't think they get it. I'm not talking about, you see, I'm not talking about what you have there was like 20 years ago. I'm talking about what he is now. He's a dotting old man who's surrounded by all these hot chicks. And he can't do anything about it, probably. What are we doing? How do you know that? How do you know that? He's outside the window. My, he's outside the window peeking and peeking in. 10, 50, 75, 60, and listen, okay, fine. No matter what you say, I, you know, why wouldn't you rather be Tom Brady? This is example. Tom Brady can have just about anybody he wants. Anybody, male, female, you name it. It could take those, you have your buddies away from him. Right, that's right. And I, and a heartbeat. Just think about it, okay. Just give it some consideration. Because when we wave our magic wand, three minutes before another to five, 60, WDQ and we got the Marlins on deck coming up, but 12, 50, where we better talk real fast. We got a short show today, dammit. And then we got Marlins and he bought them more Oreos in four longer days. That's the Marlins with their super star Miguel Cabrera. And then the Humphor, the Hebrew Hammer follows baseball at about four. Whenever the game is done. Hey, if you're in a mid and job if you feel like your life is basically done because you're not going anywhere, if you're underpaid and overworked, here's the answer for you. Get yourself some skills, man. That's right. You're just some training by calling our friends at Fast Train, toll free, 1866, Fast Train. Be sure and tell them when you make that call, Time drag told me to call. He said, you'll tell us about it all about because Todd's your won't. Fast train can have you train and sort of find for a high-faint computer network professional career and they can do it for you. And as little as four months, if you don't have the cash to go to college, if you don't have four years to wait around, find in a life, here's the answer called Fast Train. They're off your day, even if we can class us if it around your schedule. Fast train offered job placement assistance and even financially, the people who qualify. And with seven convenient for the location to serve you, this is one of the one close by use. So don't wait, call them today after you check them on the web for Fast Train.com and then make that call. That can change your life, get your off that treadmill where you're moving your feet, but go nowhere. Get yourself a high-paint career by calling Fast Train today toll-free, 1-866 Fast Train. My goal is to take a six-by-six-by-six to wait until your score is high-faint. My God, your breaths are beautiful. Hey, I think we can still play this one. Listen very carefully looking at what you're doing. Oh, yeah. You write on the edge of your seat. I'm filming the best you've ever met. I've run out of your bad shoes. I'm just doing it on my feet. I'm playing a good song every day. I'm just doing it on my foot. I'm just doing it on my feet. I'm just doing it on my feet. And don't go on. I'm just doing it on my feet. You write on the edge of your seat. I'm just doing it on my feet. You think it's not on my feet. Welcome. I'm on the edge. I'm just doing it on my feet. You should be standing. Because you could go and share with them when they eat. Oh, my God. You and your friends are me. You're 20, 25, 6 years old. You're catching up at my left and free. You're equal to my children. I'm not perfect to me. Because I'm happy to be. I'm not perfect to my knee. I'm not perfect to me. Welcome. I'm just doing it on my feet. You should be standing. Because I'm just doing it on my feet. I'm just doing it on my feet. She's a big smile. She's a big smile, but she's just. I can't do it. It passed a mustard. Let's see LeBron James for the poll. Somebody says there's a good choice. Let's see making about 80 million years. I'm like that. Wait, and also big Arne, who's just out of control says I would be Donald Trump. That's a good choice. Rich, from that living in New York, plus I would finally have here, even though Don't look too good. Good choice Arne. Now anyway, this fact is shocking. Clear channel radio and the Reverend Jesse Jackson announced today that the Reverend Jackson will be host of five, what is it all of a life on our talk show wearing Sunday, seven or eight a.m. central time, eight to nine a.m. eastern time. Keep hope alive. Wait, Reverend Jesse Jackson will debut April 4th exclusively on clear channel radio stations. And what we're going to change from Chicago's WGCI, A.M. whatever that is. The broadcast will focus on issues of cultural, political and religious significance, but guest appearances by community and world leaders in a live-crawlen segment. But you must talk in drive and rhyme. You can understand it when you call in. Absolutely. It'll be just fine if you call it online, but anyway, the show marks the first time I've ever suggested to be hosting a radio program, I guarantee it's going to go over like Hall of Oneside, Syria. We will discuss the central issues local national and international of our time said Reverend Jackson, we'll offer information inspiration direction and main points of view. We will talk with and hear from you. We intend to connect the nation with shared conversation your voice matters. Remember in the beginning was the world, the world, and you have the power to keep that and don't talk no job. Initially, you're in New York, San Francisco, Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, North of Virginia, keep hope a lot of the urban Jackson will be introduced to additional markets throughout the year. Third channel radio will consider syndicate in the program nationally, depending on listeners' response. How do you like that? Jesse Jackson's go in nationwide with his love child. Man. Really sad. And I remember it starts today with the goddess. And I'll franken and she is a geneancraftalo in all of the states. You asked to defend Muslim girl wearing scarf in school. The justice department announced to date a government civil rights law is adjuncted to a legal case to support a Muslim girls right to wear a head scarf in public school. Assistant Attorney General for civil rights. I don't know we had those civil rights anymore. I thought that was going now. Yeah. Anyway, the assistant Attorney General for these things Alex Acosta said the government law is was a 4-11 year old and a shala her and a 6-way student was still the musk musk the Oklahoma Public School District. Before ordering her to a rule for head scarf or a hijab, hijab? Because it violated the dress code of the Benjamin Franklin Science Academy which he attended. The girl continued to wear her hijab the school was subsequently suspended twice for doing so. The family appealed these suspensions which were upheld by a district administrative hearing committee. For parents filed suit against the musk the school district last October. On Tuesday the federal government filed a motion in the federal court in Musker E to intervene in support of Michelle's position. No students should be forced to choose between following her faith and enjoying the benefits of a public education across the set in the state of the government's court filing. I say leave it home. Leave your faith at home. Leave your schmock visit home. That's my suggestion. Tell me your burden. Howl could say. Good. That makes it even better. Now, who was this thing that somebody who affects me here? Pryle begins in deaths of sons hit with stones. Oh yeah, that's right. That's a great place. That's a bastion of Americanism, the likes of which even W would be in verse 5. Even Q. I would be in verse 5. We thought after the yesterday that we had no investment in fact run this radio station, but I guess maybe we do. That thing would have auctioned yesterday's series. I'm never going to recover from that as long as our load. And you should have turned to lining and whimpering. Were you in there when he was going, oh gee, well I didn't mean I apologize. I didn't mean to try to fool you. I just didn't. You're right. You are so full of it, man. You're the crappy just seeping from your earlobes. So fake currents. That's how full of it you are. And your boy or your boyfriend, your man. With that bit that we played at word block. They're then both of you. Notice they're both hearing it. Okay. As Mar Valper would say, they're hearing it from the crowd. That's funny when you get a shared delusion. Yeah. Well, I'm going to sit in that close. Usually only I can see the pink rabbit. I'm going to sit in that muscle amp. You know, it's easy to hear things. Tyler Tessus, a mother who banschersons his with heavy rocks, coming to the boys was so delusional, she thought the Lord told her to do it. Or attorney said, Monday nobody's statements said her murder trial. This is so typical of religious crazy people I apologize for the redundancy. Does she follow what she believes to be God's will? And does she turn her back on her God defensive attorney, buck files Junior asked the jury of eight men and four women. How's it going? Buck. Now, Laney, 39, stay at home mother has played the innocent by reason of insanity to charge his a murdering eight-year-old Joshua on six-year-old Luke. Oh, look at those names, huh? Joshua and Luke, and causing serious injury to Aaron 14 months of the time. Prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty, of course. Why not? I'd fry her ass right now. Right on the crossfire of this afternoon. I'd put her in Bob Milbex, a lamp and fry the both of them. The deeply religious East Texas woman, who was a who homeschooled or children in New Chapel Hill, left as she listened to testimony, and Prosecutors showed gruesome photographs of her slain children. Her husband who has supported her set of heroes behind with friends and family, her husband who has supported her. Prosecutors contend Laney knew right from wrong when she killed her children last May, despite opinions from two-second psychiatric experts from the fence who for the prosecution and one for the judge, all of whom said, Laney was legally insane. This her attorney met Bingham and said, Laney attacked a baby for his hammering his head with a four-and-a-half-pound rock she had in under his crib. Aaron Laney will never be the same said, Bingham had in the voice vision as the impaired, he'll never live independently. Laney then woke up Luke, led him outside the family's world, Rick Holmes, an accident put his head on a large rock, the prosecutor said, Laney smashed the 60-world skull with a large landscaping rock, then she went to get her oldest child Joshua. He too put his head against the large rock in the yard, his mother fasted his skull with a 16-pound rock that boys were found in their underwear. Oh my God. Oh God. Yeah. Deposit of influence the Bible. Right. The Bible really does a man, more than Joshua and all of these people. And Yoshke. 560-5056 on the AT&T and Verizon line. If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would it be? WCWN hello. Question back up. WCWN hello. Hello. Yes sir. Who is George? Who is George? No, Neil. Neil. How are you doing? Okay. How are you doing? Neil. Remember, I want to answer the Neil. Remember back in 98, going westbound by 95, a big ass, DLT truck's pulled over, he'll be trapped in the guy's. No, I don't. 560-5056 on the AT&T Verizon line. WCWN hello. Yes sir. Hey, I got one for the pole. Okay. Pat Robertson. I want to be able to talk to God too. Okay. Pat Robertson. There you go. Let's get him on there. At least we'll fill off the list with some names on there. Okay. They don't understand. This is a serious serious scientific thing. It's a bit overgidded. They're playing fast and lose with our pole. Oh, what are we? WCWN hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Charlie's going to fill off. Joey's going to fill off. Joey's going to fill off. Okay. Just got like to be a waving lunatic. I want to say W if I wanted that. He'll have to be 177. He's an author-run man. I guess you're right. Josh. They want to be Hugh Heffner. They don't get it. They don't understand these old and people. Bill Gates, 277. See us all far. It's always accused me of living in the past. I think a lot of you, young, toughs are living in these other people's past. We're not talking about how you like to be who after 40 years ago. See. But two after 77. And then we can bring them some felding. I thought about Hugh and ruled about for that reason. Bill Gates is 27. Tiger Woods is 23. I think that's pretty good choice. Tom Brady 12, which I think is a fabulous choice. See a lot of the guys out there won't vote for Tom Brady because they think that's like a fag thing. See? Because he's too pretty. And they don't want to stand even though we're not tracing their votes yet. Rhyme Jeremy's got eight, which I find just astonishing, shocking Britney Spears eight, Rupert Murdoch five, Tony Depp five, Miguel Cabreras got three, George W's got three, Peter North three, Ricky Martin two, Michael Douglas two, LeBron James has got one, and two way but a full code just went on there. 193 votes. So it will look like this thing work. You want to want it or not? Can I read me? It or? It will work. It will work. We're sorry. I don't know. It worked for me to want to know. It works for me. Based on that's right. Because we got to Marlon James. We got Miguel Cabreras, Josh Beckett, Brad Penny, and you're a Florida Marlon. Whoever the rest of my be, I don't know. I just don't care. Mike Lowell. Here you go. There you go. There's another one. What was only 25 guys on the team I got for already? Let me think real hard. And then of course Jack McKee and as your manager of your Florida Marlon, he just turned 95. I mean he just turned on 95. Made a wrong make a you turn there real quick. Jack you went around side of the road. That's something about Wayne Heizinger. Call it in the Moan. Gildy this morning. That's something. That's funny. Because especially see what you're forgetting. Maybe you're not. Is that he's talking to the play by play voice of his. Miami dolphins. Who he hates like poison. Anyway. From all the reports I'm getting. So mole probably is like, Oh, do you. But I would love. Oh, I'm not. Would I give anything to hear a tape of that conversation. Wouldn't you? I don't want to see. We're going to put our spies on that. On the case. But man would that be something a delight. To hear that verbal intercourse between Wayne Heizinger. Which we can't call him when I used to. When he more because that would be really. Bad. And mole and Gildy. Seek personally. I think mole is a lot worse than what I used to call Wayne. But nevertheless. Lumbar. I'm seeing 11 13 and 5 60 WM fat is I've seen if you try to lose it. If you try any of those low carb diets, head forward. Delights will be spoken because when you're starting or restarting the Adkins the sugar busties south beach. Ready low carb sugar free die. Delights will be spoken is like a miracle for you because the entire story is dedicated to you. It's the world's number one low carb store with over 1200 low carb products to choose from. Some varieties. Some taste. And they've got just whatever you're looking for. They've got breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, carbolite ice cream, pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheese, dates and lots more. And don't forget if it's doing great tasting, the lights will have it first rope on every day, seven days a week from 10 in the amtletin of the pm. You can always try anything of the story before you buy it. And there's staff knows that I think inside and out. In fact, there's some fat people around that joint too. And the Adkins brands products around sale all day every day too. Even on some hostora. The Alliance of West Booker, they run the Northeast corner of Blades in 441, right next to Boston Market or column toll free. One, 877 low carb that's LOWed W, C-A-R-B, or run away with slow carb.com. There's only one. Lasstras have similar names, but there's really only one. The Alliance of West Booker is your official Adkins retail center. The Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Fighters, and the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Clock! and Ele Americ officer今回 with the Alliance of West Booker, Napoleon Castle, the Alliance of West Booker, and appearances in Forke's, and claims of the existence of the First Wizard, the Alliance of West Booker, who introduced the Alliance of West Booker, the Alliance of West Booker, So I could be doing Jennifer says this back so see right that's where it's at it Oh, did I say so I could be doing so I could be In an amacit worse again So that's one of those where he put the belief in see if I see doing Jennifer. That's okay, but if I say In Jennifer that could be some of the things No credit, but I'm just saying that'll teach them to be so first-tickety with all their bleeps You know other bleeping Well-craft muffin clearance. I if I would have had to be a hell a lot more worried about that Fony auction there deal at the bezzles are running. I'd be a lot more worried about that And I also be a lot more worried about some of their other shows because this isn't the show that's gonna create them a problem Did it create them a problem this last time? No, is you're gonna create them? No, I mean we're like every still man 99 and 44 100% pure and the other part we like Like that we believe it out But I mean because it makes them feel useful. You know like they're doing something believe you If I had if I had some real questions about what we could say about we can play and what they knew deal These those would be two of the last people of whatever ask me them to nervous nellies P on each other's pants. I've never seen anything like it in my life See the few have to think I'm trying to think of all I mean like Donald Trump would be good at least Donald's under the age of 100 right right Right here. We've already voted as a used to be Who isn't you right? Exactly but nevertheless he's off to the races because they've got this image worked up in their minds It's like your friend John shouldn't you oh yeah, you have to remind him of my big stoichi and my bathroom But all these playboy buddies are my right your biograph the candy bowl right now. Yeah I think the word you're looking for is frustrated is what you but who knows? I could be wrong he could be one hell of a stun he might be tired of it by now. Who knows? No Oh, I'm looking at this we got to believe this one out. I'm a stand Alex Rodriguez now that is a good choice There is a good choice. I have to admit as much as I despise him like poison He's a good looking guy. He's making 25 milli year as he's playing with the aces will probably win a world serious And all these things and these there was a good buddy Derek Jeter and they're like Eaton and greeting and we've been and this is a real so Alex Rodriguez is a vigil certainly a lot better choice than Miguel Cabrera And you're Florida Marlins whom we love on a show because game time is one-five pre-game at 12-50 Oh, yeah I'm thinking you have a cup of zimrig with you. They play mostly day games still I'm thinking that the Marlins should play even though it's 100 reason to shave all through the summer day games every day double hitters By the early morning. It's not so hot right starting at about 10-15 will be good, but a pretty game show at 95 Yeah, and next week if you think this is a scam we got the opening day game. I believe that's Tuesday I'm not really sure. I think it is not that I care except for the fact that we have a two-hour show that they we get off at noon Oh, hallelujah Hallelujah mad dog's yellow good skin going he was off yesterday a Kimbo was on mad dogs off again today Man you talk about having a great student he learned for me as well as anybody The Hebrew hammer he learned to a little bit, but the mad dog this man has learned the 100% I give him a plus plus More money less work take the money straight to the bank don't pay any attention What they say just have a smile on your big fat horse. That's it. That's the mad dog All right, there you go. Let's come back tomorrow though. Oh, I'm a way to make a Hebrew hammer I shouldn't I should be so quick to judge did you look into my schedule and also for Friday? Oh, no Joe's a ganky for two days for the Hebrew hammer Thursday and Friday, so thanks learn into he understands less work more money And stab the building is often as possible You notice how often hank does the show out anywhere now at this point often the Bahamas Vegas tennis tournament golf tournaments of shoolas any place within that they're festering join WQ and hello Good evening, how are you? Fine. I have two for the ball and one I think with the accident would be Wayne I think And the other one because of the power he has the other one would be kitty Carlisle have a good day Yeah The power that he has kitty Carlisle. Oh, okay You're right to shipment came in a we missed out don't put either one of those on here although you might put Wayne on there Right a lot of people right top he's got a lot of passes he gets an all-way a ballpark sure free He gets to go in a locker room there. No, that's what this guy had mine going locker room check out the guys 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the effect I understand the room where I'm here is that Wayne showers with the guys after every dolphin victory That could be wrong. I mean, Mom. I just made that up WQ in hello Neo on the go on the man pretty good. I actually have two for your poll also really just after the last guy Okay, I already mentioned almost as good My first guy is actually two people almost any one of the Maloof brothers. I don't know if you know those guys are no I do not There are owners of the Sacramento King The way out there and they actually they will couple of hotels and I'll save those guys He just constantly getting it and my second guy. I'm sure you someone's already said them though Luis Miguel. I mean I guess it has a better bronze and put up Okay, great Luis Miguel. He said something about he's got that bronze complex and somebody just in right from all the sudden right from all that Mexican son Luis Miguel Hello All the way side lose an answer to a fire you because your back dome is a good to be king size. Okay, you should be a queen size. That's like a king size 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T line if you could be any famous living person for one year who would it be? You have their 90 Bill Gates 38 Tiger was his god Turn man Time ready 14 Britney Spears 10 run Jeremy 9 Johnny Dev 7 George W's god 7 Peter North's got five and run Jeremy's got nine all my god Rupert Murdoch 5 Donald Trump 3 how how can you have their had like a 90 and that we from Scott 3? One of those things and Donald Trump is even got his own TV show now is embarrassing as it is your fire Ricky Martin 3 Miguel Cabrera 3 Michael Douglas read Lebron James appear red Pittsburgh one already Zero for Pat Robertson sure about a full-coin Alex Rodriguez a rod just went on 230 votes pretty weak. We response to that against pretty weak full question And no mind. I thought it was excellent. I mean see I don't want to say if you say if you could be somebody else Right somebody famous who would be but we're doing really for one year because they get this all the long real happy being who I am See them and I'll say that we believe them, but that's what they'll say It's just for one year W QA and hello Yes, sir Yes, I am Marshall and ball, okay. He wants to be a big fat tilt pop in Hippocrite, Marshall and ball got it you don't have to be rushed to be one of those that's true W QA and hello You know, hi, sir. Hey, if you got Ricky Martin on there Then the guy who's gonna be getting the most action for the next year. I'd say would be William hung William hung yeah answering a musical question is William on sorry William hung He's your can't sing any But he's already I love that one bit though with the loser. I don't know. I'll find you get it up there Have you important the bits the bits I'm talking about Man, oh man, this guy's looking for trouble and all of my places And I'm just a white baby It's per night Oh Those are got it's got his 15 seconds of fame and all of a sudden he's a stupid star man Can't sing is what about paper sack and he's probably getting some twice or so after a lot of it five sixty WQ and hey all you folks out there please listen because this is very very important We important Tomfero Park is announced that there will be racing all year long from now on now that's news to pay attention to be even more important is They're coming up this Monday, April 5 is the last free spaghetti dinner night for the Comfort Park season attract and poker season got it They're gonna be racing all year long from now on that is fantastic nice gone dick and Steven everybody else and Brucey and Kevin and Wally I'll figure wally That's right the last free spaghetti night the track is coming up this Monday April 5 free rolls in butter free salad and Free heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce all free All you have to do is buy a competent part for warm for this Monday April 5 and get your freeze to get it in her coupon Good only this next Monday April 5 just to have my off for both I Ninety five and the Florida turn type pump of the park is easy get to invest in all pump of our features free Admission and free general parking every single day of your life live harness racing in a poker room every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday Polka room starts at noon goes on till midnight live racing gets underway nightly at 705 p.m. including tonight Competal park is also open every day seven days night to week for the best in summer casting Harness Durberd Highlight action for all across North America for you to watch and punch your guts on Pomp and O Park like I said a block sound of Atlantic Volver and power line road for the curr race schedule call nine five four nine seven two 2000 or go on a web at pumpetopark.com don't forget the last free spaghetti dinner of the season Make a little holding your foot right now and save some room for it coming up this Monday April 5 at Pomp and O Park What what can I get a what all look at that just not to button off I've never done that before my life Wow, it was busy. We know these important faces Help from my friends What do I do when that load you say wait all your love this and a flesh and bomb I hold many times As long as that is not your role. I hear Jews with the bill help from my friends My friends Oh, I can't lose with a new self from my friends. To give me a really bad end. I think somebody who came could have been a bad end. And to woman or keep in be better. You could have landed and gave up the time. But we had like 10 grams, you could grab all the time. So would you have peace with me, Rayleigh Mike? I won't stop until the end of my mind. Oh, I can't lose with a new self from my friends. My bad world, with a new self from my friends. Oh, I can't lose with a new self from my friends. Yes, I'll kill you with a new self from my friends. And I'll kill you with a new self from my friends. Rayleigh, I'm not a carry-on tool! What pretty 2 or 5, 6, 8, I was my bander. I like a lean on a little bit too hard in the button too. Let's see, and we can replace you. It's just because of an accorded covers' time. Good point. Very good choice. So Tom, I almost put in a week here, and it says Tom Brady. There you go. But I think that Tom is probably a bigger man in the world of sports. Here's what it says. How about Vanessa Paradise? Well, you're a hot-defin insider. There is nothing to complain about. What it says here. There it is. Paradise, Kurdiso, cinema, Parediso. See, I have no idea how you pronounce it. Vanessa Paradise? Oh, by the way, don't forget what your name is on our thing. That I'm very hungry. I do know what that is. And what was the thing I had about Berlin about how they're going to like, or rather, you know, we're just symbols from Roy the city. I'm going to go back and make sure that they do that. Let's see, reference Donald Trump from Alphay, and you're right, Alphay. I saw that. It says in the financial section of the Central Center, there's an auditor's report that says Donald Trump's five casinos in Atlantic City are in serious trouble. In fact, the big headline says Trump off-sourced. Not by choice for many reasons, including that Bieber he wears on his dome. Well, at least it's not a muskrab, like the moment where it's put anyway. Here's what it says. Bill Clinton, that's what Kyle says. He's got a bunch of other rambling on here with your Alignore. I'm pretty kind of didn't see. Bill Clinton, that's a good choice. Right. That is. So my good is in choice, but we think of that. Here's what that says. Neil Rogers, it says, with your quick word, he'll more intelligence in your paycheck, excluding your homosexuality. And also they didn't mention your looks. Although, looks don't seem to qualify for you after you. I don't know. We've got some other pretty humanly people on this list. So they don't really care about that about being a religious figure if they look like. And tag your woods, he sure ain't nothing to look at. Wow. Who, man. But he is. They can choose sexuality. They want to be you. That's the gay you. If I think your Tiger Woods if this spaceship lands your heart all of his kin happen off. I could be wrong, but I'm thinking he's out of this world. The long figure aliens. If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would you choose? He'll have an 94, Bill Gates 40. Tiger Woods 35, Tom Brady only 19. Well, come on. You're rather be who, he's better than Tom Brady. Man. They don't get it. They don't understand it. They're they're coolists. I think heterosexual men must be a little bit confused. You know what? Maybe. They think that just because of his past fame and his past endeavors, then you have there's going to get anything he wants. They think he was an invention for a playboy bun. Right. And he doesn't. That's easy. History. He probably isn't a nursing home. But that's okay. Tom Brady 19. Ron, Jeremy and Brittany Spears are tied 10. That is the most disgusting. We got to break that tie immediately. Get them separated. Tony Dep. Who is this? Who's this thing? I never was in the heavy metal. I didn't really like it. I wasn't in the team's team. I'm fascinated by rap and hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry. Are you kidding, Carrie? I'm not a social energy in it. And I think you better listen to it. Pretty sure. I like him good in the monsters. Oh, he was great. I'm only going to vote for Carrie 20 or 30 times because we got to get rid of Bush. But Carrie does. He leaves me very, very limp. Johnny Def eight, George W.7, Donald Trump seven, Peter North six. He started to make a little move on. Ron Jeremy and wait for the catches of. Alex Rodriguez, A. Rods got six. But there's the Pennsylvania of our poll. Bush 46, Carrie 40, Nader 3. Is that prophetic? I mean, Gore 1 Pennsylvania. Bush 46, Carrie 40, and Nader 3. Percent in Pennsylvania. Maryland, Carrie 48, Bush 43, Nader Don't Show. Well, this is interesting. They just showed those two. That's it. That's how we're getting. Well, that was a good start. Uh, Leigh Ron James 5, Rupert Murdoch 5, Michael Douglas 5, Brad Pitt 3, Ricky Martin 3, Miguel Cabrera 3, William Hongwan, and look at all the people that don't have any. I always love it when people call in or facts any suggestions. And they get nothing. Why, why in high Zingo Luis Miguel, Rush Limbaugh, Pad Robertson, Vanessa Paredes, Oh, look at that. He wrote Paradise on there. With an E. There's no E on the end of that. Fosal. He did. And the joy but a full cause also got none of the two. He won. Well, there's Al Freyke. Look at that. He's got that microphone. I'll set up there in front of me. He's talking in on the area. But he's a, I guess, doing a dry run. That's on air America, which they've used today. You're going to be able to hear it in South Florida? No, can you hear how it's turned in South Florida? No. Can you hear anything else in the show worthwhile? No. But anyway. We got the barlon game. That's worthwhile, man. That's worth an hour and ten minutes. You're not here. What a beautiful thing. We love the marlins. They're the best. WQA and hello. Yes. This is gov. To claim. Yeah, okay. WQA and hello. Hey, can we still say it's not all on air? I'll check. I'll check with West Coast. WQA and hello. Yeah, deal. It's got to be jacked. It gets to where many can actually look crazy. Good choice. What's not to like? Jack Nichols, you get to all the lake we're getting us for free. I'm sure. Jack Nicholsson. Got it? We got it. Get it. 560560 pound, 560 tomorrow courses. The big day. A lot of that's probably why. Muffin parents are so nervous. What is squeezing each other, frankly? Even more so than usual. Because tomorrow 11.30 in a morning. Mad trend comes out. And I'll stop a whole rating book. You don't understand for your rating students out there. Any audience? It's just a trend. It's the second trend. That is correct. But it's two thirds of the two thirds of the winner book. These ratings operate just never stop in the major markets. Just keep rolling. Roll them just like CCR rolling. And so we got like December January and February coming out tomorrow. And we're going to be dropping off that real bad November. We want to find out if we got any audience coming back. And if not, then we'll just place them music. Right. A couple of years more music. Then that wasn't on the way about a dirty words. And all these leaves, all the sudden neurosis and psychosis going on. Everybody can just sit back and relax a little bit. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Hi, how are you doing? Pretty good. Well, we got another example. As bad as why you should never encourage candidates to idolize. Repair sports heroes. Did you hear what Paul Running said? No, I did not. Oh, God. He says that the Notre Dame should drop it to mission requirements in order to allow blacks to be able to come and play football there. In other words, black to two stupid to get in the Notre Dame. Blacks play the Notre Dame. What does that mean? There's plenty of blacks playing Notre Dame. Of course, but each of these things are art enough. And the black athlete is much better. And we can't get him if we can't do it. I see a lower standard. Well, touch the on Jesus, man. Touch the on Jesus. I don't think that's going to happen. But Paul Running probably lay odds. He says, silly old daughtering fool. Okay. He's a silly old guy. Who's one of those Packers? How can the old days? Do we still say that? No. Uh, Gina for a lot of Dale says subject for the pool. Uh, Muhammad, I don't get it. As one of your 10 women listeners, I'd like to help out getting a few more women on your pool. Her few suggestions. I don't like all the following. But I sure somebody does. I don't understand that. She's got a list. Pick the ones you want. And this regard. Thanks for all the support of staff. FCC that come and move on. Edward. Julia Roberts. Paris Hilton. Hater. Julian Moore. Nicole Kimman. Oprah Winfrey. This one is for Georgia says. Oprah Winfrey. That's a good one to put on. Right. She's right. She's got a billion dollars. She has no talent. She's loaded. And has a lot of money too. I think she's a guy. I really do. Really? Yeah. Oh, it is guy that she's been supposed to let me know. I'm married for last easy. He's like a, yeah. He's a male beard. I think. I think she's a guy. I mean, I don't know that for a while. I got it. Now let me ask you this. Here's the question. I'm not, I don't want to answer. It's a rhetorical question. What does Mark Foley, Charlie, Chris, and Oprah Winfrey, haven't come? Twenty-two, noon at five, sixty-eight, WQM. Hey, spring and a savings right now and save like never before. And a new car. Treff from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. They're on US one just 20 minutes off of the eight thirty-six. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead is worth a drive no matter where you're hanging it out because they're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leases. An old-for-camera or 400 for just two sixty-nine a month or forty-eight months. How about an old-for-high lender to a three-one item month? Need a truck? How about an old-for Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America for just a hundred seventy-nine a month or forty-eight months? These are just some of the savings going on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And with the toll increases on people using cash on a floor to turn bike, Armstrong's sort of homestead will give you a free sun fast when you get that new car truck as well. General manager David Richardson is staff will do just about anything other than on the sun on to be pines to lay. I would start so layman's sun in French. We would visit after them. Well, how can they apply in so laybie purple moon? I give up. Oh, that's right. I forgot about the greater life to rule the day and the less the life to rule the night. General manager David Richardson is staff like I said we'll make you happy camper with that great new Toyota. Experiencing the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference. Locally owned and operator the committed to making you a happy camper. Their service departments open late to late week nights to make sure they get your service work done for you. Easy to get to the reduce one in two 93rd and homestead just 20 minutes south of the old 836. So don't waste your time because mega dealers of car giants who always do the same thing they over promised and then under deliver. Do the smart thing called David Richardson GM at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead right now at 305 24232 47 for an unbeatable deal 305 24232 47. Travel little and save thousands on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. The final five and local hours for 205 66. New A.M. Dr. Silva-Grow is our guest. I do you know it much you'll really don't know how to stop. We'll talk about that more later now. That's what he calls for. Dr. Phil and we still would not for New York. Hi, Dr. Phil. Hi, how are you? I lost my job a few months ago and kind of affecting my marriage. I've really been depressed about it. What would you prescribe? Alcohol and drugs. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm contributing to the cause of the little of the kind of New Jersey L.O. Hey boys, how's it going? Fine. Will you take care of me? You're kidding. I said, you guys, I'm talking full time. I don't mind doing that. I don't want to shame to say so. Obviously. Just wait for it and we're all. Yeah, that's all. That's all. That's all. That's all. Go away. 1145 at 5.60 W.C.M. Robert Cheer, I was a one of my favorite columnist rights. Voice puts a cancer on a presidency. Watergate insider calls this White House scary. Voice and Watergate, the title of the new book by John Dean Richardson's White House Council, is a depressingly accurate measure of the chicanery of the voice-tainy kebab. According to Dean who began his political life at the age of 29 as the Republican Council in the House of Judiciary Committee, before being recruited by Nixon, this administration is truly scary and given the times we live in, frighteningly dangerous. And when it comes to lies and cover up the bush crowd makes the Nixon administration look like amateurs. As Dean writes, they've created the most secret or presidency of my lifetime far worse than during Watergate. Dean knows what he's talking about. He was the one who dared tell Nixon 1973 that the web of lies surrounding the Watergate breaking a Vittner credit party headquarters and formed a cancer on the presidency. When Dean went public about that conversation, the Nixon White House smeared him as a liar. Fortunately, the conversation had been taped and Dean was vindicated. The dark side of the current White House was on full display last week when top officials of the Bush administration took to the airwaves to destroy the credibility of a man who would honorably serve President Reagan, Clinton, and both Bushes. The character assassination of Richard Clark to form a White House anti-terrorism chief was far more worrisome than Nixon's fears of Dean because it can serve not petty crime and pursuit of partisan political ambition, but rather the attempt to deceive the nation and the world as to the causes of the 911 assault upon our national security and to justify an unnecessary war in Iraq. First, Bushes A. Sujesse, that Clark had invented the meeting in which Clark said the President pressured him to find a link between the 911 attack and Iraq, ignoring Clark's insistence that intelligence agency had concluded the no such link existed. But on Sunday, national security advised the Prime Minister Lee Zeris was forced to admit that Bush had pressed Clark on an Iraq connection. This backed up early resurgence by former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill as the Bushes of session with Iraq from the very first days of his administration at the expense of focusing on Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda. But the Bush lies didn't work this time, maybe just because too many veterans of the Western Talbin's community are finding their voices and are willing to announce an administration that is seriously undermined the nation's security. They are speaking out as 23 former CIA and other defense intelligence agents did in Robert Greenwald's devastating documentary uncovered. They have stepped forward as to David K, which is former Chief weapons inspector in Iraq. This is an administration that's been dominated by the Neil Conservative ID, a law that's who condemned the logical restraint of the first Bush administration on foreign policy as to be travel of the national interest. These Neil cons have made a horrible mess of things, but that gives them no pause. They went to war with the nation that had no weapons of mass destruction and few connections to terrorism, but have cuttle Pakistan, which sponsored the Taliban and Al Qaeda, and which recently was revealed as the source of nuclear weapons technology for North Korea, Iran and Libya. The president's team is wrong to believe its outrageous lies can continue to law-licelable public, Nixon's lies were on a second election but then he lost the country. Bush smiles better than Nixon, but when the lies have exposed the small trends in a way character revealing smirk, that happened last week when the White House released photos of a skit performed for the amusement of jaded media heavyweights, and which the president pretended to look under was desperately missing weapons of mass destruction. This may have amused his cynical audience, but to the general public, the carefully lip synch policy for announcements of the man who cried wolf has morphed into waste sick joke, right Robert Sheer and ELA Tom, son of Webster. And even the Republican so-called pundits, a lot of members of Congress are saying, you know, the business about talking about kind of leasing and attestifying and executive privilege of all this crap, then may have held some water before they tried it around to be the schoops, the hatchet person, the hatchet dog and all the Sunday morning talk shows, and on 60 minutes. If everything was so secretive, how come it was okay for her to be at the pup pup pup, you know, spewing her propaganda kind of leasing. I think just to work up, muff and parents today, and I think they deserve it. Let's play the original Un-Exquigated Condolese right now. Here we go. Here we go. Over and over again. Both puppies fall down. Right White House. Right. Sing a that happy phone rhymes with June and Moon as in purple moon. So, what is it? Fine, soly. With Elaine Doolong. If you could be, how about Elaine Doolong? That's right. He's now 60 years old now. He probably ain't getting any help. If you could be any famous living person for one year, who would it be? He who have to register in 95 has got 100 votes. Bill Gates 44, Tiger was 41, Tom Brady 20, Brad Pitt 15, Brad's moved up nicely. He's moved up real fast. Brittany Spirister, teen, Johnny Depp 11, Ron Jeremy 11. Oh, look at that. Peter North Scott 10, he's right on Ron's ass. George W's got 10, Donald Trump 9, A-Rod's got 8. Michael Douglas 7, Rupert Murdoch 7, LeBron James got 6. Miguel Cabrera 4, Ricky Martin 4 Bill 5 and 3, William Hong 2. I think he should be. Luis Miguel 1 and we came to Lacey's one Jack Nicholson 1. Nanya for Rush Limbaugh, Pad Robertson, Vanessa Paradise with an E on the end, which is still on below there. George B. Fucco, Wayne Heisenberg and Oprah. Oprah don't have any. I guess there aren't any women out there who would like to be a no talent bitches worth a billion dollars. Who can go on TV and just instantly like a millions of American women. If she steps their fingers, they say, okay, when do I jump in how high? That's what goes on with that Oprah. That's the question is just for a year and I get to come back to my old body. I'll be Oprah for a year. Sure, I'm probably stashed away like I said. Some of them swiss my accounts. So a few hundred million. WQM, hello. Yeah, me. Yes, sir. How can you go along with your P.D.D? What did you just say? How can you go wrong if you're P.D.D? A P.D.D. A little line. So in these little artsy girls. I did it about that there, but then you know. Oh, no. He said, how can you go wrong if you're P.D.D? What's picking up Lacy, Lisa Lou, Lucy Lou? What I was very very overspent to smart because I meant that picture was on her longer than usual, which was I don't find her even the least bit attractive. Okay, I mean, she, I put her in a category of guys who anything that's got to write body parts. And then I don't think any of her is how what they look like, what her face is. Just as long as she's got them certain body parts, those are the guys, Josh, who are like, Oh, you know, like, Lucy Lou. She's a beast. She's nasty, in fact, though, I, Clarence said he'd take the beast first. How many QM? Yeah, I've got something to talk to me about. Speaking. Yeah, any hybrid flow, bitch. Okay, great. Any hybrid flow, it's been. How many QM? Maybe my Rosie or Dom. QM? Oh, that was in our friend, was it? Well, one I usually goes like that. I think that was maybe one of his boyfriend. He's a fox news. Yeah, fox news. 567, oh, 560, palm 560, on the 18, man, fact, I should let them say, Heather, maybe that's what we'd like to be. Fox news, Heather. Huh? And back at you, Pally. Ever great life. We only got an hour to go into that ball. You're moving better getting 40 million calls between now and in. 30 QM, hello. Two-way, two-slow. QM, hello. I would like to be Britney Spears and just want to be numb and she will be a less- Okay, great. WQM, hello. No. Yes, sir. See if they're taking something very simple. They're making a complicated. They're making something. We don't need all these religions. They're going to be known as Jesus L.S.B. and they're going to always have faith. Yeah, Britney Spears is already on, sir. Britney Spears is all my friend. He's climbing up the list. She's almost done. She's not ready these ass. She's got 13. She's moving right up there with Brad Pitt and Tom Brady and who wouldn't want to sit and watch that. Maybe jump right in. 5-670-56-2-pound-560 on the AT&T and The WQM, hello. Yes, Sally. How are you doing? All right, Neil. Long time, long time, twenty-four-year listener. Hi, Sally. I've got a question. Who the hell would want to be Wayne High's finger for a year? Baldwin Talkmark, man. Good Lord. Listen, I've got one for you. I think I think though he built a respect for the public by calling and bitching out Mo and Gilda's smart. I think they like it a little better now. Yeah, wow. Let's see how they do when the dolphin sees and starts taking the lead. Yeah. Yeah. The fact that G.F. The rest of the line I lost her eye, I find it so uncomfortable. It's basically as just to me they're going to forfeit this season. Well, they have to have a quarter back controversy seems and this is part of it. But enough for it. I think I'd like to be for a year. Before I went to prison, I'd like to be John Gotti for one year. Yeah. In soft Florida, I come down and I take over the top truck business. I get 50 points on a dollar. If they go over to the top truck business in this town, If what these keep in that a business, I love you, Neil. I want to marry. Who the hell are the business, too? Okay, good luck, you're proud. Dylan from his John Gotti. Thomas, look in person. Two ladies, just missed. Oh, and guess what I saw last night. I give up. What did you see last night on the biography channel? I love that channel. In fact, what's on right now? Let me take a picture in the daytime. Wallace Simpson. Is she kind of a Kevin Wallace? Wallace Simpson? Oh, that's, she was the Duchess of Windsor. Remember King Edward the 8th of Eve up the throne so he could be the queen or she could be. Something like that. I don't know about them. Queens. Yeah, you remember that? You read about that. Well, anyway. But so last night, I saw the biography of Chuck Burris. Oh, yeah. I've heard about him. His name was Charles. Oh, dang. Charles Hirsch Berris. Okay. His father was a dentist. They were very Jewish. And his mother, her family was loaded, but then in the depression, lost all their money. But anyway, so now what was the name of the movie that they made about him? The Gonsho movie? No, no, no, no. About his autobiography. They bought the autobiography out. It was a George Clooney directed, wasn't it? Right. The one where he's a spy. The one where he claimed to be, and nobody knows whether it's true or not. He was a CIA spy and killed 33 people. Because I had seen that movie, which is that I had heard of those rumblings about how he claimed all of these things. But anyway, so the biography thing was really short. Last night, it was a good show. And of course, they talked about the dating game and how any it's day back in the day, how we're evolutionary and outrageous those shows were. And it made me think a little bit about all of these things that are going on right now. Ordered about things. Yeah, during the break, check your email. I said, you way, funny thing. A funny thing? Yeah, I mean, it links to other funny things that I might buy. Oh. Well, you know, I'll first say this morning, he's about a funny thing. 556 at 560 W.A. and when he shot for probably footwork, great selection and professional service. There's only one place to go. And that's Brandy Shoes in Pompano. And Brandy Shoes you find a big selection of men's and women's shoes. The best service in the best person in town. Period. That's why people keep going back. And Brandy's you found the top club in the names of the shoe business like rock sports floor. Shime essay is spirit, timber, naturalizer and lots more and with Brandy's human selection. I guarantee I'll bet your ducks life on it right now. And I'll throw a clearance to whatever you need. They got that style in your size. It's in on a shelf waiting to slap on your feet right now. Find out by most of Brandy's. Trust of it. Don't worry. Keep coming back. But usually by several peron each visit Brandy's is open daily nine to nine. Sunday, 10 to five. You'll find them at 12.90 North federal home in Pompano Beach. Always worth the trip to might or where you are. And right now is an even better time than usual to save a Brandy's. Which means that all men's and women's famous Brandy's shoes are on special sales. Stop by or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes that's with two Ethos Brandy's shoes dot com. And low. Six. Four. Two. Two. Two. And a home land security top range. Inviting you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to think for the new Rogers 12 to one hour. Come on soon. Do a cinema near you. It's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film. You grant is a fun length to it. Well, if I may. I hope I'm not being too forward. The London rises a fun thing to it is so light like With no more films you're ever been made. And they would only fail in comparison to this brilliant piece of Twitter and Thai casting. If our name is so food is to ask you and understand it on time. You're trying to pack up like standing here in the middle of the street. I'm learning my music. I'm not too. If they fail me one, you grant movie this year. Then you certainly won't need to see this one because he's planning the exact same 20 plays and all his movies. I'm glad that you didn't. Didn't with me. Well, there's something I didn't mean to. What is to say? It seems to be quite fetching. And you think Elizabeth Hurley left him because of that whole divine Brownville? No. She left him because you grant is a fun length to it. Now playing in select its city. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. No, we can make them. I think we just said that another revenue stream for our friends in B3 over there in Aples. This is too bad. This is our saving homosexuals. B-A-S-A. That's a beautiful thing. How many pages is this, George? Good. Golly Miss Molly. Let's see Teresa Hines for you. So somebody here I'd like to be Teresa Hines. Okay. You're all going to start slow but then maybe they'll catch up. Anyway, his president Bush or homo, that's his saving homosexuals, and what conservative Christians throughout America are demanding to know. January 2nd, and this year he had the thing in here where he was holding hands with Prince Bondar. I guess they left that out. January 2,000, Mr. Bush, wanted over doing Mr. Scott Reed's team. Your strategy is to continue in Prime Minister Paul Martin's chat with the Prime Minister. Mr. Reed introduced himself in Turkey with President Bush. The President chuckle, but you got a pretty face. He told his surprise, Mr. Reed. He wasn't done. You got a pretty face. You were a good one guy, but I don't look at him in my squad anyway. He's got McCone. Wow. That's when they threw out a global mail, January 16, 2004. I'm ever talking about it at the time. Remember? Yes, I did. It says, we at Baptist saving homo-sexuals had enough so-called gaze with the blood love of Jesus. You know how to spot the events across a crowded sale of sex? Outside of Italian shoes, nothing sends up a rainbow-covered flare that you're dealing with a flaming homo-sexual more lively. They would amend breathlessly gushes the word. SABILIS. I'm so willing to correct. When a Christian lady hears this word outside of her hercelonor force, she instinctively reaches for the Bible tracks in her purse because, you know, is a Nancy Boyz with an enthralling range. Three months after the World Trade Center towers went down George W. Bush quoted, it's been a fabulous year for Laura and me. Therefore, conservative Christians throughout the line have become increasingly uncomfortable with a beautifully masked each awkward pause with a flurry of polite applause and he also of more warriors during President Bush's somewhat laborious attempts at speaking. The alternative layer may have mastered the Quaint's English, or presents for Cavity calls to mine any number of Quaint's English. Even our least vigilant Republican social tomatoes of notice, the Mr. Bush has been peppering otherwise delightful, litany of patriotic jingle wisdom and pleasantly embroidered CIA intelligence recaps with the defendant-made-in-call fabulous, three-gitty civil syllables that are tantamount and a corny cooling, hello, sailor. That is absolutely unbelievable, fabulous. And if I look forward, I can probably find a sailor. And we'll prevail because we're a fabulous nation in a way fabulous nation because we're a nation full of fabulous people called from George Bush in Atlanta, January 31st 2002. And it goes on, this goes on forever. It's just everyone in our pretty president's acquaintance appears to be doing a fabulous job. Again, his lovely wife Laura, what a fabulous job she's doing, his brother-in-coulouse-of-era for a job, he's the fabulous job and on and on for the whole list. Cute. We're going to put that on the website, sure why not? BettyBowers.com. Along with Terry Annun, anybowers.com, we put a link to it or we put that up whatever we want. Whatever we want to do, we'll do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 tomorrow's a big day. We're going to hopefully tomorrow will have the deal where you can start getting some money in for that news paper right for say stop by FCC.com, save our free speech, and also to our course on the 30 that trend comes out. Alright, and of course that knows, seriously, that's why some people are very walking around on eggshells, some people who should know better than to get over-motional about these things but nevertheless, I sure hope they're not counting on us anymore. Now that they've curtail all of our free speech so badly, don't be counting on us. We're just doing the best we can under very limited circumstances. If you could be any famous living person and for one year who would it be we ask today on theorodges.com, a highly unpopular pull question to bed. I like it. For 03, I thought it was fun but these people don't get it. You have to have 114, 114 guys out there want to be a dottering old man sitting there reaching out for the of Viagra not finding it. Bill Gates 51, Tiger Woods 45, Tom Brady 28, Brad Pitzmover at up on Tom's butt 24, Britney Spears 17, A-Rod 13, Johnny Depth 13, oh how a little of you are feeding us pulled into a five foot of Tyler Ron Jeremy 12 apiece. Donald Trump 10, George W. 10, Bill Quinton nine, LeBron James 8, Rupert Murdoch 7, Michael Douglas 7, technicals and five and a close to the from there. Oper has got a fair finally. William Hengies, even got a fair. Or could that, are you on CNN? Look at that, look on her face and that, what a, oh god. What a nasty put on my netfish kind of leases. Got that scowl. Oh yeah, that was scowl towards me, you're using. Oh yeah, you do. Well, I talked to Judy Dean so splendid. Study QM hello. Hi, how are you doing? Great. I have a woman's point of view for your full. Okay. Definitely love to be joined that's wife for a week. Bill, what's your name? I just got it. Don't know her name. No, yeah, you do everybody. Uh, who's she married? Who's that married to? Who was the friend actress, slash model? Okay, my final out. I wish you all research. Thank you. Thanks. Oh, come on. We know who that is. I don't. Johnny Diff's, uh, Josh's research in it. Okay, research it. You're going to be embarrassed when you fight out. I'm going to be wrong. He used to be going with her. No, it's not Kate Moss. It's not Kate Winsler, either. Maybe it's Kate Smith. 560560, Tom Rye 60. Who is it? Harry says. Have we haven't got this yet? No. Why? It's going to be a podium. WQM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I have one for you, Paul. Okay. All right. The great Neil got. Neil, we already asked somebody said that. I think he put it on me though. I might have turned 10 and 2 away. Probably. All right. Hey. Um, geez. I know who he's married to. I think you look up IMDB just like I'm Johnny Depp with a bio. What I'm telling you is married to. How long can it stay? How many minutes? Stop. Turn it man. It's possibly take the fire. The name of Johnny Depp's work. Which we all have already know who he's married to. Right? We have. Let's do it by process of elimination. And Oprah. The other wife. You know, it isn't a, uh, uh, Jon Rivers. It's not end of corticolva. It's not Terry. None. It's not Janet Jackson. He's still working on this. This is our computer wizard. He's still working on finding, uh, Brad Pitt's wife. I'm reading on some site that, uh, Yeah. You probably found some pictures of what you probably found. And I can, I know which one it was, too. WQM. Hello. Yes. This new largest. Yes. Speaking. I'd like to be a captain. Jean moved the card. She. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha. Well, I might have been the girl with the eyes right there. If you think that he's girlfriend, five, six, seven, five, six, five, sixy, five, sixy, eighty and see, Verizon wireless line. These people are our panic today, man. They got the the happy pills came in. I love it. Okay, because I'm not gonna do that no more right before the show That was just saying something that to go through a long agonizing thing about a bleep Over award that isn't even being said a bleep over Silence the nettle rat is was it been as a paradise From that's a paradise who we have on the list already Are you sure that's how you pronounce your name? I'm telling you why do you say paradise because that's how it's felt how about paradise? Disorder that that's what our king says paradise to her dad Oh, oh, he is tragic. Hey snap them. This is better is one more time Larry out of boy Do you have their 117 nobody's gonna catch the half their mice there live it in the past man. They don't get it Bill Gates 54 and Tiger Woods 46 it's a one horse race so far WQM hello QAM Hey, how are you pretty good? I got a little request and that's a David Cassidy to burn your list David Cassidy and I'm why God wouldn't you want to be David Cassidy? He's living out here for our day living a big life. Yeah, and that's what all I got Okay, thanks. He wants to be David Cassidy. Maybe we can hang out with you. I would be glad that was good timing I like David Cassidy. He's all right. What he's got one day lined up anyway What would you stop would you stop with it with a staggery stuff all the way? Let me let me ask you this question. I want you to answer it. All right Mark fully Congressman Mark fully a Trinity general Charlie Chris the state of Florida and Rock Hudson What's today's year you come all right? Okay, now if you think about that one Charlie Chris Mark fully and Tony Perkins Remember him from psycho sure what did the three of them? Okay, okay Charlie Chris Mark fully and Norma Kent what's it the three of them? Haven't come and again that basis just just stop and think about this just fantasize about this all day long It will come to you finally all right. I mean you might make the bills slow Here's another one not a dummy stop I don't want to use them all up in one day. It's a see it's gonna be really interesting if in the state of Florida We get this thing you know because state by state all the way Everybody have the prohibition game urges, but if that issue really becomes like a hot button kind of thing in Florida And if people decide they want to start like marrying all over the place besides and keep West of course Where we know they're a bunch of even anyway, but what's gonna happen when Charlie Chris? Might have to make a ruling on that Huh, I don't know you might have to call up big change and see how he did it Hey, how's your new year's resolution going? It's April one tomorrow. No fooling, but boy. I'll third or a court fourth of the year's gone already And you're still fat and you're not making any progress. Ladi I guarantee I can relate to that Well, it's just too darn Difficult the stipula of those died programs, but with balance for life. They make it easy because you don't have to go into the supermarket and figure out what to buy first of all Because they do all that for you. There's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no counter-recording no carbohydrate counting for sure Balance for lack is based on doctor Barry serious the zone died and they deliver right here door a little black sack And there's nothing like a little black sack because inside all the delicious fresh goodies that you want for the entire day to keep you full and happy Five feedings no less three meals two snacks every day right your burst in people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month of balance for life The zone diets prove it to lower your blood sugar lower high cholesterol high blood pressure too So let's not to like and if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet here's your chance Because balance for life is the closest thing to liver fine. It's the only meal delivery cover to the offer You menu choices the let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet the most difficult thing You'll have to do all week is just fill out that little menu. That's it. You've asked it back to them and you pick up from two choices for every meal and stack on the You'll all week long So if you're tired of all the other fat diets you haven't lost the weight yet You're over to yourself to try balance for life and to be the difference between being out there and losing that weight or being in a box Feel different see the results on the scale right away call 1 866 2 2 5 45 43 in fact We got something we're gonna be off-shitting off and at B's lady a deal. It's called beast in a box Call full free one 866 2 2 5 45 43 or check them out online and balance for life that I god What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? You've sorted it back into space for ever you don't match me What do you think? I Right And the咷 is coming And great We got the Marlins on Dec. 1250 in a second, your beloved World Champion, Florida Marlins, Brad Taney, Josh Beckett, Miguel Cabrera, Michael O'all, Lowe Thomas, all Jack McEnergy's just turned 110 to the happy birthday Jack. Let's see, Tom says for one year I'd like to be Tommy Lee's not Marity plays drums he's rich and with that, like out ladies, PS for all that I could look with the tattoos. Ascoe and Tom, Tommy Lee, and of course he was with the panel Lee back in the day, which he actually loved human for a little bit for about how many seconds? I turned him in. Yeah. Oh, it's speaking to the Marlins' got some bad news. Oh no, don't be a bearer of your time. What? The game is a great doubt. No? Oh, not that bad. Oh. The Florida Marlins may be World Champions, but they're not lucky to get state help with building a new stadium this year. Dang! It certainly did for this year's Senate President Jim King, where public and Jacksonville said yesterday it's too late in the game. It would look like we're just pushing something through. Yeah, we got something you can push through. King's comments coming only a day before Legislature will honor the team for his World title, uh, didn't dampen the hopes of team officials who still see a $60 million state sales tax break as the key to building a new home team home. It's important for the future of baseball in South Florida that we hold out hopes of David Sandson with him, silly president. He said his goal is to keep the team in Florida, and that goal will not go away till the gap goes down on the last day of the session. Still, King's opposition will likely kill any effort this year to help the team despite Governor Jeff Bush's support of the idea. If King says it's dead, if he's going to block it, it's dead. Said, House Majority Leader Marco Rubio, Republican of Miami, noting there are fewer than four weeks left in the session, if nothing happens this season will be because the team started two day in late. But that's right, Jeff. Co 9. How they come back to the scene of the crime, Jeff Kona, one of the original Marlins. I think on the only very original team. Yeah. That was there. I used to be Marlin fan for about five minutes till I went out to the ballpark and listened to the idiots who went to the games and, oh, God. He's gotta go back and tag up at first before he takes his lead again before the catchers scratches his private. Oh, they had no clue what it saw about. That's why one of the reasons why nobody shows up in a Marlin game is because unless they're like, you know, winning every game, plus it's boring. Going one pier, the stolen base leader from 2003. Marlins officials and players will be in tell I asked you that they'd be honored by the house and send it along with David Samson, Jeffrey Luria, Larry by being fest by Fest and Jack McHib. Don't forget your fellow Dean Jack. 560560, pound 560, out of 18 and 10 horizon, wireless line. If you could be anything is living person for one year, who would it be? You will have to are 125. Bill Gates 55, Tiger Woods 51, Tom Brady's got... God, 2 to man! Bread to 27, Britney Spears 19, Johnny Depp 18, Alex Rodriguez 60, look at that Johnny Depp is keeping right up on Brittany. Who wouldn't want to witness that? Look out. Look out, man. Bill Clinton 15, Ron Jeremy 15, Peter R. 13, Ron continues holding a slim lead. He's probably holding over and over again. Get off and else to do. Your growth test, Ron, okay, you're disgusting and gross. George W. Tan, Rupert Murdock 8, Michael Douglas 8, LeBron, Jane has got 8 billion dollars. Jack Nichols in six Miguel Cabrera 5, Ricky Martin 5, Oprah's got 4, I got 3. Yeah, you like that? I got 3. George don't have any yet. Nobody wanted to be you. No, it's not. I don't make any. I just want up to 4, I'm going to tie with Oprah. I was used together. Oh, same person. William Hung to and Riket to, Puck Daddy to, P-Ditty, Louis Miguel to, but that's a paradise still in the E on there, Josh. He's militant about that one. He's very, very Johnny. What height the instructions to Eric there to change it? I watched him do it. One of those he can't change it only. Or he can only add nuts and tracks. Well, why is that? Come on, Alex, listen up the first range a little bit there. Listen up the co-tells you militant, not see bass to that there in Orlando. Let Josh do this thing and put the limitation. Why is that? Based on what I don't believe you. Based anyway, John should have to go back to college to learn how to tune. Wayne is got one way in highs in the ballty old Puck Markman, Pat Robertson one time he'll be one. None yet for David Cassidy, you're a little flucco or rush. Nobody wants to rush. What the hell is that? How come? I'd be rush for a year. He's got bucks. He's got bucks. He's got all of our connections, too. Yeah, you'd love to be rush. This would well-moth and some other good contacts. Get for those. WQAM, hello, Oables. Hey, you're high-you're doing. Pretty good? Pretty good, pretty good. You don't like the Florida Monus man. You know what it is? Yeah, I know. Because you're an idiot. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I have seen names. Matt Damon. Matt Damon's not a bad idea. There you go. OK, thanks a lot, darling. Matt Damon, you never know. Let me say Charlie Christ. Mark's probably. Steak up his end of the farm page. And Matt Damon, the three of them has something in common. And you think about what it might be. I don't want to hear it now. All right. Take a bite. You're wearing a shirt, OK? One of these days when you least expected, I will go ahead and have you answer the question. WQAM, hello. I'm Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. How are you doing? I'm doing terrific. Excellent. Well, the reason why I'm calling is. I want to tell you that you're a big staff. OK, great. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm doing for your list. OK. I can't take a good guy's name. But instead of you have near, the young guy who started the best girls on wild business, the tapes that you see on TV. And also, when the young guy who started the girls went on wild business, George, I don't know. I have no idea. He's living the high life. Yeah. And that would not mind being in for you. OK, let's find out what his name is. Then we can put him on a full. Or he just put on there. The young guy that started that for a while. That guy could find out who his name is before he calls. There would be a really good idea. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T. And the kids out of school today are water. Is it just all the pills that's going to drown? It's just, yeah, the ship. Somebody dropped a load on the ground. It just fell all over the place. And people are picking them up from pop it in like piss. They're sure. Like coming in. I think somebody's called it me to good M&M and myself. Or that's where M&M is. I'm a M&M. Tell me who M. Hello. Tell me who M. Ola. Hey, you have a whole lot of work. Yes, sir. I know one who ripped some better man. Yeah. Yeah. What do you got for his pali? I was going to tell you that for your poll mark Cuban, not the panters of the audience. But he's pretty rich and you got a big mouth. Yeah. And that's 40. There you go. Mark Cuban. OK, thanks a lot, pali. Plus, they're like in Cuisine's Cuban. Well, 560 pound fight. How about Bob Cuban and the L. Or is that some? Bob Cuban and the old Boca Brimes angry with me right now. Because I should know that right off the top of my hand. The cheater. Was that it? I don't know. He'll confirm it. Oh, cop. Where's my book? Give me seven seconds. I know you're aware that federal communications commission. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's great. Every time we have a little pause, we'll play a word block. Because Dup is got a mental block. He sure had put a lot of grease in there too. Even though the words aren't being spoken, that has got to be one of the. I thought that the auction yesterday was the low point in the history of a few way. This was so much worse. When you told me that, I actually got a. I got an email from book of Brian last night from under cocktail.com. Yeah, forgot about it. Bob Cuban and the in-man, the cheater. It was number 12 in February 19, 1966. I wish I had a hero to play it. In fact, I bet you it's on at one of those one. During the next break, I'm going to look around see if I got it. Remember we did the one who understands. We're sorry we did it. Yeah. Bob Cuban and the cheater. Oh, yeah, no. I enjoyed it. The audience hated it though. It's like this pulled it in. There's nothing wrong with it. We don't get it. Yeah. What does it mean? No. And obviously a lot of market, which is why so many of you want to be who have. No, everybody else is getting laid a lot because basically they ain't. What is this past no look at the Marlin game in and about a half an hour boy? Our favorite team, the Florida Marlins. They'll kick some ass and on at field. There's a lot of grass on it. They'll probably grass. But they may be smoking some. Hey, if they were like to you and her kids back when I did the games, they'd be smoking a lot of grass. Good stuff. Hey, listen. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need is the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. They're absolutely. You pay zero, closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit fee roll fee. And even zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate of just one point 25. If you have 100,000 out of your payments are mirror three, 34 a month. If you have a 200,000 out of your pay only six, eight a month. And don't forget once you're be fine and you get new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call this tool free number. Right now, and they'll spend the hours. Call one eight six six three nine five land. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve. The movie and the property with no further cost. Respect. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fees. Zero closing cost. Even when you move to another property. Get that new low rate. Findancing of just 1.25% is called the only one mortgage It's from the financial group. You'll never pay closing cost again. Call them today. What's not to like? Call one eight six six three nine five land. That's one eight six six three nine five. L-E-N-D. There were equal housing. Respections apply. Wraiths. Something to change monthly. Four point two one. APR. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Four. Five. Three. Three. Five. Six. Two. Four. Five. All three of us say. Four. There are HToday. Five. Oh, hey, he's not there. I'm like he's doing all your job too. And all this stuff. Well, say hello. He knows. I'm not, I'm not. I'm not saying care of things. They can care of others. I'm a big deal where I'm not. I'm not fun. Yes. And if we go up in salt, if there's anything I have as salt, you're a studious and still fit all. And if I have this, you'll still change your mind, but in Illinois, hey, don't believe me, you're a idiot. I'm a studious and still fit, things like that. And I'm like, hey, don't walk in salt. And if you don't want to be a real man, hey, oh, why? Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh, I'm pretty sure, at five, six, you've ever been to get in so close to ball game, time you can almost smell the shoe leather, can't you? Yeah, I can feel it. You can almost smell something. And of course, back in the day, I would have played a little drop in right there, but now if I hit that it goes more on like that, or if I wanted to be as a ghost. Or if you're sure, yeah, or even that's a little bit of a shock. Or oh my God. Where those sounds used to be, those fart sounds that we can't play in a mold, because that's just, yeah, it's, I don't know, unclean, I'm acceptable. It's in great fortaste. W if you ain't hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Hey, Jacob, how are you? Pretty good, Jacob. Good, Mr. Listen, I haven't spoken to you since, the election last year. And I'm wondering who, who you're going for this year, whether it's a ghost or carry. The election last year? I'm not last year in 2000, sorry, but I'm driving. You listen to this show. You have to ask me who I'm going to work with. I haven't been able to listen because I've worked inside now. I'm home for a carry 45 pounds, Jacob. I'm home for a carry 100 times. Do you think so? I know so. You're right now this question, Jacob? No, I'm just wondering, you know. Can you do me a favor? I have a question, Mr. Quest? Yeah. Can you do me a favor? Can you do me a favor? No, no, no. No, no. I can, Jacob, have a great life. Okay, give back in touch with reality. Wow. That is scary. 5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 11, 11. Okay. As much as, yeah. What is that under? You're coming. Is that under here? Come, the F.A.G. I can't say that is might be the, No, it's under V. It's under, okay. Just relax now. We've got plenty of time to level. Here we've got a couple of minutes. There's the F word. We certainly can't say that. No, no. We can say the Bible says. And the Clintons and the Kakamun song, I think we can play with it for a little bit of this. There you are. I think that's about it. I think that's about it. Okay. That's the Zeravarset's going to. Ha ha ha ha. Take a notice. There's a so lot of touch. It doesn't realize that freedom of speech is dead in America. You see while America was sleeping, the SEC and the government came in one day. It says, oh, you can't say, and you can't say, and all of a sudden like 90% of the stuff we used to play, we can't play no more. That's why we're doing a stop at CC.com. Which I noticed today, Florida's really sucking wind and not doing much. I never at all. Really sad. Just when we had a chance to overtake Texas today, we're wet on their big fat Texas ass. 18, 170,000. I'm off side too bad. Florida's in third place out of all of the states. The overall petition drive so far, we got 131,372. Nice job again Scott. And don't forget now, he's added that link. Which I think is fabulous. We can, oh, fabulous. See there, go again. That's my favorite coming out again. Yeah. I'm a little present today. So anyway, what are the new Rogers and Mark Foley and Charlie Chris? Anyway, the letter generated, the said letter you've generated just clicked that on, so like you name an address and they'll automatically set off your letters, you click in which state you live in, and by the big and so on and by the big and so on and by the big. That's a great job Scott. Nice to all, baby. That is a beautiful thing. If we only had a bunch more of you people out there that were cared enough to send you very best, and we'll get involved in something. But no, people just sit back and lay back, well it makes sense to me. That Janet Jackson thing was disgusting. That was super cool. And we ought to be having that revolution in this country to stop all the growth and perversion and discuss things like booby. So we got booby's run in the country. And Jacob's got a call of mask which won voting for that. Jacob that is so sad. I want to hold my head my hands and cry for hours. Anybody who votes for Bush for this fastest regime we've got an air ought to be in jail. And you know something? What was it? If they do, if he does get it again, probably most of them will be. But that's right. So if you came laying in there, Rick Robbick and vote this time. He could not. He's a writer. Nobody's still laying in the house. Hang in there. Yes, man. I would like to be gentle for a rambling for a year, so I could be married to Brad Pitt. There you go. Not a bad choice. Jennifer Anderson. Thanks. You welcome, Mike. See you. Didn't we put Jennifer Anderson on there? No, we put Brad Pitt on there. Oh, well how about Jennifer Anderson? There you go. And how about Vanessa, what's your name? Peritice. Peritice. I said, I need to support off and I was going, Rick. Nice going, Mr. Sleepyhead. I'd just put it to the feet. I'd just put it to the feet. Any more Francis? Yes. You sent me a thanks about one. The girl's gone wild, guy. I mean, we know the girl's gone wild thing, but what difference does it make who he is? Does that make a difference? He came up with the idea. So, let's say the girl Francis is the girl's gone wild guy. You know how old he is? Not turned man. What's the fortune? And unfortunately in the news yesterday, rape allegations at the Ritz and South Beach March 12. Yes. I hope again. Against Joe? Against Joe. Oh no, not Joe. See, nobody wants another Joe. 5, 6, 7. What's the big and allegations at Bits that called an yesterday, ripping our good close friends, Joe Costello? Let's talk about not going to guy when he's down. That was so bad. Called him a liar. And what he said, he said, it's not true. He's only ever been honest to her about his prowess. Yeah. He didn't mislead her at all. I don't want to talk about his prowess. Oh no. I'm just kidding. Joe did call, you know, to ask what was up, and I told him then, he's going to research it. He's going to research it. Yeah. Find out who's going to check it out. Take a peek. And I'll let us know where you find Joe. Okay. Draw some pictures. 22 till one man. Marlins pregame. Marlins on Dreck. A deck at 1250. The Marlins and the Baltimore Orioles in Florida, the Yankee Stadium at 105. I don't understand that. If they Marlins players are going to be in a telehassy today, what is this going to be like a skeleton squad today? Is that going to be it? I don't know. Wouldn't you think? Must be talking to you guys. You never know. Well, though, maybe they worked it really this morning. And they like, they flew them back. I mean, of course it's only an exhibition. His games, that's not a big deal. Maybe they just play. You know, it would like a partial squad. And one of the coaches will be the manager today. And Jack McKean will be taking his jury. It's all up there until I have two. Would you have another yuck in it up here? Hey, remember when you're daddy used to out on the Texas ranges and traded away Alex Rodriguez for a bunch of baseball cards? Oh, yeah. And actually, who did he trade away? He traded away from Sandy Sosa. 21 before one at five, 60 WQM had been telling you for a long time. If the mattress is lumpy and bumpy, get rid of it. Get yourself a great new mattress. Would just one easy call. Listen, the easiest piece of shopping that you can do. Call out a mattress, toll free at 1 800 m. They back up everything they say in the rent, for $102%. But their competitors lie like crazy. When you see those big ads, those big commands, please do yourself a favorite. Read that fine print. The ads have got big headlines that say, Half off. But then you find out that only applies to a limited selection of items that you didn't want anyway. Everything else is still full price. And they probably doubled the regular price on the summer. If you're not saying that, you're going to be able to make a fair of things if you don't like it. But it's not about all of these things. Because the ads have no time to print, notice framers. When you call 1 800 m. You'll see that their prices are so low. How low are they? See if I was like a gene, what's his name? Ray Brown. How low are they? Right. Pro gene, Ray Brown. You know, he still did. Yes, he is. Others first have to offer half off sales. This compete with that. And like I said, the simplest smartest piece of shopping you can be doing. Call 1 800 m. Or log on a macros.com. Telemacris 1 800 m. TTR ES, the honest way to get you a new bed. And a great night's sleep for years to come. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please, of course, we'll find some new shoes. You a M. W. Q A of presents. Arlen's baseball. Wait. Don't touch that dial. No, please. Please. Oh, short. Not much of a team. I won't you listen anyway. Please. Come on. We have a multi-million dollar obligation for our can't sleep games. Whether you like it or not. Even if a dozen or so few could make show up on a cage. Please, still with like a new stadium. Anyway, here's the Marley. I know him. There's no way to steal down or have no feet. Contestants of ground are too eyeball. To put your plans eyeball down. There's a place you can't beat at the fighters. There's a special tip to take for some fingers. It's double-coup on day. If you're fine. Listen to and watch your fun. You can use their new eggs. Best line. Oh. Oh. This show's a funny part to you. See L.A. The silver body part is blue. See L.A. Take it. They have better mistakes. Come on, don't you with your. Or you need it. You're a full song. You take your body parts of you. See L.A. Oh, sort of body parts of you. See L.A. Take it. You can get it too hard. Even A.N.A.D. Part. You can put it on your credit card. Well, look at that voice monster. Time to leave you to the center. The fire is so responsible. The stop of gleaming. Oh, can you see the heart. They give their turn. Now, let's stop that gleam. It's looking bad. 24, 5, 60, every two. We're just six minutes away from the worthless first broadcast of the incredibly terminal day van boring. And a great blue shambi. That's what we ought to be playing, you know what? Why not? We do like Google on it. We love blue. We ought to be doing the entire game. And the fact that he's saddled with a goofball on man. Pretty sad. He's coming on the big ball. He's in the blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He like blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He like blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He usually puts on nail hairs. He likes blue. He needs blue. He wants blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He wants blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. He likes blue. I just had a one-blossom moments. Yes. If we can play that, yeah, then why can't we play? I think tomorrow. I think it's a definitive rule in on it. I think we're going to have boobs a lot tomorrow on the annual round show. If you listen today and notice we had several. What? What's wrong with boobs? I think we're going to have boobs a lot tomorrow on the annual round show. If you listen today and notice we had several. What? What's wrong with boobs a lot? We can still say boobs right? There you go. That's one of the 16 words that we can still say. It's so sad that people like Jacob and others who aren't listening religiously every day are out of touch with the what's going on. Especially while they're just coming in and taking away all the things that you can listen to. And the things you can say and the things you can read. And he wants to ask me, should I vote for Bush again? Right. I evay. Anyway, if you could be any Spanish living person for one year, who would it be? That's our full question today on World FamousDirage.com. You have to 140. The guys out there just die in the B.D. Bill Gates 59, Tiger Woods 57, Tom Brady 34, Brad Pitt 31, Johnny Debt 25, Brittany Spears 22, Peter North 19, Peter North finally passed Ron Jeremy. Thank God there's hope for you and race. A. Rod 18, Bill Pitt and 17, Ron Jeremy 17, how's it? Donald Trump 15, W. Scott 12, Jack Nicholson 10, Michael, oh, you know, I've just done them. I mean, whether want to be Ron Jeremy. I give up. Oh, they want to be double-decented. Michael Douglas 8, Rupert Murdoch 8, LeBron James 8, The Elijah 7, they're nuts, Oprah 5, Ricky Martin 5, Robert 5, T.B. 4, and Griffin is about 3. Mark Cuban's got 3 Luis Miguel 2, David Cassidy's got a pair. Where you have hung, he's got a small pair, Tom A. Lee 2, Vanessa Paradise 2, Paradise and Paradise. Wayne Heisen has got one, that's the same way in Heisenabad, where we should point out to you. They're called in in Vichesau, Mo and Geldida's morning on the morning show on QM. And we are ecstatic about that. Werserimball, one's had Robertson 1, Nanya, out of 545 votes for Joy Butterfuelco, Matt Damon, Jennifer Aniston for Joe Francis, how about our lead Francis? How about Francis all here? What do you say? Okay, oh he's dead, I'm sorry he's dead. Our lead Francis, cheese dead. I don't know. That's gonna be our full question about who'd you rather be, particularly, Peggy Lee, Tommy Lee, Tommy Lee, Emily, right, Sarah, Sarah Lee, Sarah Lee, Greg Lee, Leap Lee, we barbed down, Leap Major, Stan Major, or like our middle-level management people made at this morning, Major, it's semis above nothing. I know him. Happy Easter, baby. We got the Marlins on deck, but let up momentarily. Marlins didn't owe you all, the Humford, he'd were hammered 4-7 to 7 to 7 to 7 to 7 to 8 to 9. Thank you so much, thank you so much, Hank. Thank you for getting pasted with P2007. Ottawa Senators of the passes, big game for Ottawa and they've been in lose. Low-pathies go big timeside if they smack a win up. Any K, follow us to hockey game. Any interest whatsoever. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.