I'm not a monster. I'm a monster. And I'm a person who's bored of what I'm eating. We're not eating. They've always heard news today. But it's just a joke. I think you're all I'm laughing to. You know. Before I do it. I'm Mark Morgan. Now, here's Neil Rogers. I'm 560. Keep 8. Um. I'll broke in through a bedroom window. And by the age of the two people. I'm laughing. But I didn't do what's ridiculous. But that ain't no good. And you play full of fish. I'm not a monster. I guess my girlfriend forgot her channel name. You have a little fish with some of those eyes. I'm afraid. I assume they're both the most behind me. They're the most in the eyes. I'm about to outwit with a kiss with a dot. I'm hiding that fish. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. You don't do shit. Keep it in your breath. So bold. I'm a beast. I'm a beast. I'm a beast. I'm a beast. Anybody remember Cecil Collins? Ocher. The diesel. Here we do. Anybody remember who's the guy that tried to let Killing Seokho with the Travis Tudas on neck. For Michigan State. The dolphin guy. We can never remember his neck. I know you hit the one. He's not so many. So many slime balls and so little under what to be considered. To make you send it was very good. Times would underwood. Anyway, we got a little randy, MacMichael problem this morning and of course I heard Joe there, the little dog, just a couple minutes. I was just love for the day on this radio station with just one time. I don't know where we really happened because we were there. Why do you got drunk on his birthday? That was two can his guys sound stuff like that. And it was a little comfortable. That was why it happens to be pregnant. And she slapped him, he slapped her and whatever. But I would just love one time at a station for some especially a dolphin player. To give us some kind of defugally and have them say, man, what a loser. What a piece of crap. You know what? Wouldn't that be a breath of pressure? Absolutely. As opposed to always saying, wow, you know, the bitch had a comment and it's always the bitch, right? How he to bitch? And anyway, look at that. We got very lovely and volumetric as Carol and Murphy on our website today. Thanks to Josh there. We didn't even know who knows she was. I'll be sure we do better. I guess we give the results yesterday. But we don't have any deaths to announce today. Oh, the rackets could news. Yesterday we asked how can George W. Bush be tied with John Kerry and the latest pulls. It just boggles my mind. It just makes you a just, uh, turn your guts inside out. 1938 votes. Americans are more on 800 one people said that. And we knew that. Kerry's campaign sucks 497. That was my vote. I watched that speech CNN carried a tremendous amount yesterday. Give them some people publicity. I thought. What do you think for a long time? Huh? Let me tell you something. Yeah. That please. We're waiting. Please. Ha ha ha. Oh. And every now and then I would, you know, during commercial breaks, I'd listen on cue and see what was going on. And the audience was like, you know, very sick. Maybe they were like, they're taking a little nap. I don't know. It was pretty weak. Kerry's campaign sucks 497. He's just waiting to really put it into big, into gear, you know. The media is in Bush's pocket. It's $3.52. No question about that. Nobody knows Kerry, $149. America loves Bush only 140. $7.2% say America loves Bruce. That is amazing to me. It's pretty low in it for this town. Oh, yeah. Speaking of this town, Florida's pretty pity on the election. We'll get to that eventually. First Carol and Murphy will get to more important matters. Carol and Murphy is, let's see, he was born. When, how was it? August 11, 1975 and Walt Fort Walton, Beach, Florida. That makes her 30, 20, eight. Right? Sounds about right. Almost 29. Although she didn't intend to be coming a model during her childhood. She eventually enrolled in a modeling school thanks to the encouragement of her mother. It didn't take long for her to gain recognition. And soon she was taking a local modeling jobs and then modeling conventions. And agent, what are these conventions spotted, Carol? And it'd be for she knew it to which modeling in Paris and New York. Fast forward seven years when Carol and was spending most of her time modeling in New York. Signals, she appeared in countless fashion shows. Also approached for many fashion magazine covers including Voodle, Papa's Bazaar, W.L. and Marie Claire in Italy. So don't be surprised if her gorgeous space looks familiar. And it goes on, she's the new, uh, SD-labor girl. You know, SD-labor didn't she just die short time ago and Palm Beach? That I don't know. Come on, I mean, I know she didn't play sports but come on, Zach. Oh, she played sports, I would know. And anyway, that's who I care a little bit of some Casey Carol. We're gonna see her next week's schedule. Look at that! Oh, that's right. The footage you'll eyes being celebrated next Monday. So it's a holiday, right? Yep. I'm getting screwed on this deal because I don't work next Monday anyway. Because next week I start my two-day and through this scheduled for the summer come. I should take that extra day. Why not? I think it's why I was taken off this Friday but I came to a Frisorges on vacation. I'll find a day. I'm getting screwed big time and a one thing on this stage we've discovered. Don't work, uh, don't overdo it. That's what Kerry's doing. He's teaching us a good lesson. Don't overdo, don't over-do, don't over-suggest up. Save it for the big splash, you know, we need to count. So all I'll find a day. And speaking of that, I noticed it on Monday. Curtis will be on. Oh, right. For Stevenson, two to four, taking a page for my book. Just don't overdo it, man. Just take a nice and slow. And anyway, it says next Tuesday. So it is not Monday morning. Next Tuesday, Howard Stern starts in the EQA and replacing Maharid David. So he's going to be on the Yellowstone and the Big Dog Jeroes. Do you believe me? Damn, they're just my job. No, you're going to be, uh, you're going to be a place, uh, start a big John. Oh, okay. Yeah, that works. Yeah. So no more. I'll open the book. Yeah. Anyway, I lied. Damn. Anyway, here's the Howard Stern. So man, you got a hand for the head. Everybody like you show or not. And I really don't. Not for years. And I don't listen even if I could. But, um, the fact that a matter is, he's not the king of all media. He's a king of all height. This guy knows how to get publicity more than it. Anybody in the history of the human race. He's got people just knocking on that door and crawled in. Oh, Howard said this and Howard said that. But he's going to be, but he's going to influence the election, which we can only hope, by the way. At any rate, I got two of the stories on this today. He made a big, his big press conference this morning. He had all the media there while he was on here doing a show. Are you listening to me? I'm sorry you were doing a show show. Yes, I was. But you were listening to one ear to the buzz and Palm Beach. He was not on the way yet. He will be, though. How many people in Dayton, Howard, can hear the buzz and Palm Beach? God, good man. For four months after Howard Stern was unsurmerically dropped from six to channel outlets. The king of all media. I'm not going to read this. This is just puff piece. Anyway, he announced it. He'll be adding new markets. He's going to be on in five of the markets returning soon. Not in Miami, though. He'll be not only back on five of the six markets that we're channeled up to the minute he'll also be adding Houston, Austin, Tampa. And there's no. Now, that's what being in Santa Polario people that are students. Thanks to move to Tampa. Wouldn't you think? Yeah, we're not. Tampa's not. They got the Super Bowl Tams in two years ago. They got the Stanley Cup Tams Tampa Bay Lightning. What's not polite? They got to help them in V18 that never lost again. Yeah, they're on the street. Stern's press conference was carried live on the new affiliates this morning. Oh, really? I didn't know that. Did you? But Richard Muff did know that either. Because it's not in this other kind of lean story that he got me. He said, Jo, that's okay. All defensive. Okay, got me a story from all access. But I got mine from FNQB. Would you, you might want to take a look at that in this month? Anyway, they've broken us. Yesterday afternoon he'd be returning the airways in southeast Florida on a affinity modern rock buzz 103.1 FM WPVZ, a West Palm Beach. The Stern's show replaces Mark Jenny and Domer. Yeah, Jeffrey Domer. He's got a radio show. Mark Summers of the show. Yeah, he came back. He came back for another go around. See if he'd be a good boy this time. Why not? Mark Summers of the show made the following post on the buzzes website before it's anxity yesterday. What a business this is boy. Read your blows. We were great to inform you that the show that you have no loved and grew up. But the past nine years was relieved of its duties today. That's right. We, Mark Jenny and Domer were told that it is a Wednesday, June 30. Not good man. Meaning that today, we will no longer be allowed to broadcast our show. The only reason given at the time is that Howard Stern would be replacing us. Well, that sounds like a good reason. They're going to put a different show on. I don't think they're going to be doing an in-stereo. No. Stern's point out, this is an interesting line. They just got a gloss over it. Stern's former southeast Florida home was classic rock WBGG in Miami. Which numbers are just dropping like a rock, even with old Paul and Inter-Romaner. Drop and bad. We saw those friends yesterday. Now, they make that sound as if there's some connection between a market. Is this somehow WBGG in Miami, which is not that big gigantic 100,000-lock-class CFM signal? What are how far North Indian here then? Any anywhere, huh? Probably pretty far. Yeah, probably up in like drill beach, I don't know. And anyway, quite a ways. At any rate, they're not going to be on in Miami. It's the point here, and it makes it sound as though it's the same market. And finally, CHR B937. WBZ Pittsburgh takes over Stern's home in a steel city, where he places the B937 from one-insured Dave Bubbles Shelley in Brian. Stern's former home of CC modern rock WSBX is announced yesterday. Highly-weighted FND, Reverend Alan Cox will be a fun to board with. My Stern's departure for months ago. And FND modern rock WOCL is the big, oh! As Stern take over for the O show, with Tony. WTKS was through in the home of course as the channel, that's a talk. So he's going to be on WOCL Orlando. There's a reason we'll do Orlando through Howard Stern fan. And FND chysec hits the planet KPLN San Diego, amongst what do you will talk about in Grab to make room for Stern after his move from a clear channel after Rock KIOZ. And in finitri modern rock does ZONE, WZ and E replaces third channel like the Rock WNB, is through the affiliate in Rochester. Zones rocks tie out of morning grab to make room for Howard. And Louisville remains Stern free with no new station picking up for third channel like the Rock WTF. It does mention the fact that Miami for our four-luttered-up, also is Stern free. It doesn't mention that because they assume that you people out there can hear what else three-point, one to buzz the WPBZ. Soon as it goes for a Stern fan in Palm Beach County and anybody who lives knows what to like what, near field. Yeah. Can you hear it? Have you ever heard it? No. I have not. So as Josh's he lives in close spring, he came here at... I barely get it. All he hears is... Like that. I thought that was the show. Come on. Are you not a Howard Stern fan? Is that what you're trying to tell me? Not really. No. I'm not either. He's too much about Howard. That's what always his father did me in addition to what he's got about 40 flunkies there with him doing the show. And if I wanted him above Boogzine Dikes, but it's good that he's ripping a hell out of Bush, he's going to help carry his best he can. And I did look at his website and he's got some really good articles on there. One of the ones that we have too, by the way. But that's fine. But everything is always about Howard. And there are a lot of other people including all these slippers that just lost their jobs and names I just read in the business because of him. And any readers, the update, though the guy called, they did a call or a fact of what other was a fact, right? For the fact, so that maybe he's going to be back on in a market. Well, if you live in Palm Beach County, he's back on in your market. If you live in Miami for a lottery, he's not back on in your market. And I would predict, I would beg Greg Leads life on, and he will not be back on in this market. Unless the evil forces, the evil doers, are somehow removed and sent to another planet from Dave and Broward so that it's just ain't, it ain't the cards. Problem is, pay us ten and five. So by the way, who's in the new pool for today before we move on? What entertainment now is somebody who inspired me? Or else it was a Levant that I played yesterday that inspired me for this. That's right. They even liked so much. I actually got a chunk a lot of Josh and Zac yesterday when they played the, well, I'll play it again a minute. It was funny. It was very funny. Unlike most of the bits that we played this, we can't really play funny stuff anymore. But that's okay, we're doing the best we can. What entertainment are sports figures, the biggest commercial of horror? I got a short list here in a new folks who had to it. Levant James, Michael Jordan, Dan Moreno, we love you, Danny, but man on man. And when Gritzia put that up from our Canadian friends, they because he or he's just on everything. He's even on the test pattern. So it is a for-for starters. You know, it's worth a July weekend time for the mattress and furnishes doors from under 40 sales when they double the price to offer you half off. I mean, is that really a deal? It's always time this weekend, dragging around shopping for mattress and this incredible heat. Save money and time this weekend by calling tile mattress toll free of 1-800 mattress right now for prices lower than the mall stores even during those devotion big sales. Only volumetric delivers 8-8-8-8-10-10-PM every day including the fourth and fifth of July. That's right, you can get to over this entire holiday weekend. Now, the mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award. When you call on 800 mattress, you get the best prices on a best brand's delivery on your schedule. And the best customer service in the business. Donald McRuss is about to complete line of all the names you know and love like ceiling, surd or cake coil, Simmons, temper paid externs and foster. Everybody QA and then all the people we know are calling 1-800 mattress for their beds. I've been doing it for years and you should be doing the same. You want to grade deal? You want to have to waste your time. Slip them all over time. Log onto their website, McRuss.com or give them a call right now. And they'll be knocking on you during no time at all once convenient for you even over the holiday weekend. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES. And look, this is for 25-60. And look, yeah. And call 1-800 mattress based for my dearest Nike, including couple years and the hands on the wear. So what's up? This is the brand James. Give me a little love. I'm a massive ball, see now my accurate old high old. Oh my stone tires for your hard truck or SUV. And I get a little bit of a lot of my own tires, my brother. Now, the Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for a rest of the season. Oh man, I know right. And declare me a woman telling you more or something. Because I accepted two old school stores. Oh, come on, come on. What? I don't understand what the hell I'm wrong. But most people, I got lots of birthdays during the county. You know what people like to give me things like this year Pepsi Twist, a twist on a great thing. Oh, no! I can't really knock it out of my head! Right, right, right, right, right. Anyway, drink Pepsi. I'm just a normal 18 year old high school student who just happened to drive up 50,000 dollars. Oh, man, drink Pepsi. Where is the diamond in? Where is the diamond in? Where is the diamond in? Hey, Julius, because every kid's big is wicked. Hey, baby, baby, right. I don't get the whole big thing, chicken wings. I may still go to college. All right, I got some all the way to check this work. And unnamed school, that's nestled in the bluegrass area. I got that whole thing, there's a pinhouse of plumage, a pinhouse terror, and a lifetime subscription to bread, I'm back again! I feel it all, but like a scene, Peggy's deal. His mother is the tuition in the heart of the chapel here, area, which will go unnamed. Baby, I know the hammeets. They have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman. They're right from Russia. We're talking from our old boy, right? I haven't unpacked it yet, but she's knocking, screaming, and whatnot. I have my boy Tyre right here, puts it in a garage with my boss of Uber ran from the unnamed university, co-sian associated with a Wolverine man. That's not a good idea. They're laughing at me. They're not going to get rid of this spillers of old books. Anyways, I got to get back to class now with my boys. We got to go get a go get a go get a go get a go get a go get a go get a go get a go get a go get a go. I already missed like three months so far. Oh snap, I just built my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo boss, who looked at this, I got a little McDonald's special sauce on there. By the way, come on, I bought it. It was a big Mac. We're for limited time. You visit one part to speed me down, it's a big Mac. You get no one for 35 cents. I don't want to hear it anymore. I don't want to get you to buy a day. I don't want to get you to buy a day. Yeah, yeah, peace out. We're seeing a business in Eastworld by Footlocker. And on the new university in the Nutmeg State, and deaf comedy jam. 10-25-60W, if you want me to be very excited, no, everybody at WorkSickUam and those who've probably told me the materials about radio stations for some time. That the article about Wayne D. MacMichael and his domestic violence arrest overnight is written in part by Sunson and Media Reporter, Josh Rayman. Did you know that? I did. I read it this morning. Did you? And he saw his name there at the end of it? I agree, profound, actually. Boy, he doesn't this much doesn't have all of it. Nothing. Now, he's got his nose in the gist of a back home, everything. Anyway, Josh Rayman, the reason I knew it is because when I was putting the story out off the internet from the Sunson, I could smell it. Poll says Bush and Kerry did lock in Florida. President Bush and Democratic Challenge, your John Kerry, are locked in a very close race in her battle for the Florida, in La Fondy-Setroleco, though it's quite a new poll. Bush and Kerry had the backing of 43% of peace in the three-way matchup with Ralph Nader, Reddis of Florida, five seasons. He there goes Nader again. School of things up because if you factor Nader out, when in doubt take them out, it was carrying 46% Bush 44. Voters were evenly split and having a favorable or unfavorable view of both Bush and Kerry to pull a phone. Both Bush and Kerry have sharply polarized the Florida voters couldn't be asked for a way where you'd sit at this stage in a campaign. Florida voters don't like either of the candidates very much, and isn't that the way it always is? What a pile of crap. Don't want to see so many people alone or photo. Don't want to get involved. Most of them are a big bunch of crooks, a bunch of lawflers, and as far as I'm concerned, nothing worse than a guy who lawfuls all the time. Bush's narrow, 537 vote when employed in 2000, given the presidency of Royale Goreph, your first tug-of-war, and included we know all the rest. Here's an interesting point which is kind of depressing. Although Florida has about 300,000 more registered Democrats and Republicans the only Democrats to cure the state in the last three decades, Jimmy Carter in 1976 and Bill Clinton in 1996. In the last three decades, that's amazing. Aren't you shocked by that? Just a little bit. But of course, a lot of the so-called Democrats in Florida are those with a used-called DC-crans, redneck, Yahoo, they still haven't caught on yet. So there's a latest Florida poll. Now let's see if we're going to get a name for this poll of ours today. What entertainment or sports figure is the biggest commercial who is on commercials every time you turn around, is endorsing every product that's ever been invented. You can't turn on your TV for 10 minutes or more without seeing their posts. Michael Jordan 17, the Ron James Ford 10, Reno4, Wayne Gretzky, you don't have any of it. I should have voted for him for the Canadian factor. WQA and hello. Yeah, now. Yes sir. Yeah, just want to tell you, I'm not here in Atlantic, and not Bill Road in the Blossom Center and Fidem down here. One of three one or whatever. And Atlantic and not Bill Road, yeah, but that's like in Pompino. Yeah, yeah, it's like Wall Springs, what's Wall Springs? Right. Well, I guess I'm just trying to have to move. Yeah, no static here, nothing's wrong. Excellent. Everybody move right there. Thanks, Kelly. All right, I'm good to have you. We have a lot of company real soon. Anybody wants to get a buzz from Pompino 23.1. If you've got to get your daily dose of Howard Stern, there you go. Or maybe you can just have like a party there every morning, a listening party, right? That would be nice. In fact, even though we don't have Stern on his radio station and never real in spite of all the landlings, where it keeps making just to get more aggravated. Absolutely. We could sponsor our own listening parties for those who want to listen to more in Gilding or for the little dog, we could have like Howard Stern listening parties, then maybe we could find a way to take credit for that in the book. Wouldn't it be a good idea? I think that'd be a great idea. Yeah, we could have like Atlantic City Substicator with free food. Do a whole deal. Speaking of free food, you got your piezon coming there today with free lunch? I believe so. So who was it again? Did we have a name for that place or not? No, but I told him to come in around 11.30. We don't have a name of the place. When he comes in, I'm getting it, obviously. Some strange here from my big audience is going to bring in food and you guys are going to need it without nowhere. It's coming from, okay, well, it's been nice knowing you. WQA and hello. And I don't want to. Pretty good. The buzz, loud and clear and pleasant, the more number two, you got a factor. Yes, they have the end of the show. When I was coming to her, I was going to board out and Fahrenheit, you remember that? Yeah. Well, because there was a thing up in telecast. It number three, Robert Creeper was a homeowner and Mitchetscoe. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. There's the best call I've been on here almost 30 years in his town. I've turned him in. And that is the best call I've ever had. Oh, that guy must not have a light grief. That was great. Let's see. How about the hoodie and key team? It says, and put these Steinhammer. This is chronic Ric. Okay. Well, we can't put the hoodie and key team. How about, I don't know, do we want to put a rod? I don't see pay rod too much because he didn't need to catch. How about Derek Jeter? Derek Jeter, he's all over the place. Well, he says, there are some strange looking dudes on that team, man. For any Williams and Derek Jeter, looks like this, the ship is just landed. I think like a little off looking at what I mean. Oh, they're like aliens. Yeah, like alien. Like aliens. So if you want Josh, you can go ahead and put the Derek Jeter on there. Which even, I bet you Josh even knows how to spell that. Because it's a sports dude. Let's see, started to bring up the latest tactic of his shoot on Michael Morris's. This fact, it seems that hate monitoring right wing radio host around the country, advising the listeners. And if somebody called us about this yesterday, they'd buy a ticket for another movie and then sneak into a C. To-per-night 9-11. When nobody's looking. In effect, this will cheat Michael Marauda, his money and the private real ticket older out of a seat and the sold out showing. Is this a kick in the ass? $250,000 per per pivot uttering or a fart sound? You have some fair channel, Quizlin can at your skin to the frog without virtue beef. Well, if you had to be top until you get divorced every couple of weeks, that'll not. You know what I'm saying? Sure? I would anything surprise you. Oh, here you go, Shack. Time for another big, big Mac Shack attack. Yeah. Here's another one. Mike and Kurokyu will say this off here. 9-11 last night, most important movie I've ever seen and Mike you are. That's so low, that's incorrect. And I'm low. And low. This is for Christmas. It's for Christmas. It's for Christmas. You and I. And I. All right, then I'm not going to be a bit too far. Go to the end. To the corner end of that, I'm going to fuck my little drag. Go to the end. And I. Here's a bit of a pinch. I can just like they think it's too big. I like crying, I'll keep crying. I'll keep crying. I have no care. What a challenge to talk. Mike, why don't we hide lives or cocaine? You like all that, Mike? You got to hide in the car. We're going to walk. So cheap. I have no life. Hey, please go and go. I have no life. Hey, please go and go. Oh. 10-32-5-60, that would be QAM. And of course, I got more on that teacher. A little more detail about the teacher story and campus in September. I want to see him to turn everybody on their ass. Oh yeah. And then we have one of those stories, man. All these guys, you know, they're starting to fantasize how couldn't, might didn't happen to me. And then he started making up stories. And all that happened to me. And all I had to say really hard teachers, you like 25, right? Yeah, me too. Yeah, I'm sure of it. And probably even Robert Creeper too had a teacher who was not a bad looking guy. Yeah, was that guy I would call up before? WDQAM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, buddy. When is this? I got a brother for your phone. All right. I'm right. And the guy is here. The window is his office. I showed this year. And I felt that I would never play some with. I'm not sure if they were playing some. Yes, they did. Chan and Sharp. Chan and Sharp, you're right. Well, you're supposed to be both of you, man. The sports experts. I don't see Shakira Loneel on there yet. Probably because Josh is working out. He's been a spell. Well, let me just suggest you how about just S.A.T.Q. Okay. Huh? No, seriously. Just shack is good in a little bit. I'll get it on. I mean, check wheel on wheel. I'll I crap. Put that one to spell all that out. It's a lot of letters. I know why you're not fooling me. I saw that during the break. Why you hadn't put that on there yet because who else can spell? Even a he I'm sure cannot spell Shakira Loneel. He will all his big bucks and his big ass. 567.0550. Pound 560. What entertainment or sports figures the biggest commercial horror. Just can't get enough cash. He's just airbie, dance spot all over the place. I'm thinking even Britney Spears bit a lot of cobrety or horror all of that. Again, opens up all sorts of avenues for a lot of guys out there thinking fantasizing. But she's a lot of stuff and she. Yeah, she only just on the Pepsi spots. Yeah, she's got a lot of endorsements. She's all over the place. She's everywhere. And I didn't mention yesterday we didn't go into a great length event. She got married twice again over the weekend. Nice call and you go girl. Or she's looking really nasty these days. She did look great in the movie though. Back once it's seen it will be last night. Nope, can get in. Come on. I'm telling you. You're just making this up. 7 o'clock sold out. You're just afraid to go because Robert's going to bitch your ass out if you go and see it. No way. Any product but I would see that. Yeah, you see you actually physically went there again. Yes, I went about 40 minutes early and it was the line was ridiculous. Oh, right. It was excellent. That is great news man. Here it's already two days yesterday. We became out on Friday. See generally speaking, most of these movies they have the big the first day. It's really big and the next day it's a little bit less than it. There's a lot of diminishing return. Not this one man. It's up up in a way. In fact, Sunday actually held its own with Friday and Saturday. So just to be patient okay, just keep it and I can't believe that you can't buy tickets online for some of these to geters like I did here. You probably could but I just I do it the old Saturday. So an abolish good give me the license. Especially if you go to the saggrace and probably have to slump about two miles to walk to it. That's good you need it. That's right. Tell me the QA and hello. Yes sir. I call from Abu Ghara. Abu Ghara. Okay thanks, Abu Ghara. Tell me the QA and hello. What there? See I don't think this pole is going to go over big that as big as I thought. Maybe they just aren't that many names. I mean how many could you think I've read off the top of your head? Just not that many. I just don't know what that's missing a big one. Well go ahead Tiger Woods. Oh man there is the one. There's the winner. That's what they're waiting on. Tiger Woods. Got it. I don't know what it is. I just despise him. I cannot stand him. Has nothing to do with the color of his skin. His ethnic background. I just can't stand him. He's so damn smug. And then one of his his catty whoever was one of his assistants. Uh, beaten the guys. The camera out of his hand and smashing the ground. So the crap they were doing. Well I got a quick they're getting so close with their sexy. I mean talk about it. I got him. Takes himself so seriously. He's only worth about 200 million hours. And like that 500 million. About $4 billion. Tiger Woods. Yes. Go ahead him. He makes me sick. And I'll tell you the people make me even sicker out of sick of things. That's why they call them sick of things. Who like, uh, just grab onto him. Oh Tiger Tiger Woods. Tiger that. Yeah. Watching some jackass play golf. I mean even Zack was much of a sports fanatic as you are. You can't possibly be into golf. I can't. I can't watch it too slow. It's so ponderous and boring. And then you hear like, you know that the camera is applauding. Very politely. You know we don't want to make too much noise. And there's Tiger on the 14th and it's about a 25 footer. Who gives a crap. Okay. Grow up. Get up. I have no life. Tiger Woods. That's good. You're an expert, a bit of a top of this list. Oh yeah. You should win. You'll pass Michael, Michael, motorcycle like he's standing still, like he's, any prone position. Anyway. Let me get to this. Teacher stuff because they get there. You step about this. This is from the same t times. Tampa Middle School teacher. Debra Beesley. Oh look at that. And name. Middle name is Beesley. How do you like that? Oh my God. Wow. I'm older. She's one of the akin. I wonder what the brand she was sitting on. You're looking girl. So let's have a fine looking young lady. Don't say girl, you're just trying to suck up now. Tap a middle school teacher, Deborah Beesley LaFave. Turn yourself into Mary and County authorities. Monday is investigating his derelict details of her alleged sexual relations with that 14-year-old student. The report written by Mary and County Sheriff's Detectors includes interviews with the student in his 15-year-old cousin, says he would just come to the encounter. I'll bet. I bet he was having a final time. Maybe kind of like reached in every now and just, you know, you're helping him. Do you want help him hand? Do you want to drive in the car? No, we know that. This come down. See, he's, he's, he's, he's getting all work up about this again. I thought your Rosa, like a satisfied your emotions about this week. Me, eight and ten. We tried. Don't. And of course, I heard some of those calls just like I predicted. The S.A.S.A. is always the same. Always the same. All the guys out there, if it would have been a, a male teacher and it would have been a female student 14 years old they'd have been calm. They'd have gone through the mud over there to temple terrorist to hang his ass. They would have gone to top top square. You got his head off. Am I right? You're 100% right. And if it would have been therefore, can you roll daughter? I think my can do it. The bone is right. But anyway. The 14 year old told detectives that he and Lefei 23 engaged in oral sex or sexual intercourse at three locations. You see, this gets a little more Pacific now. Oh yeah. In her portable. In her portable classroom, I'd go to middle school in Tampa. That wasn't a portable classroom. It was one of those, uh, portapodies from, uh, 399-11. He was just trying to keep him safe. At a river you apartment and enters sport you tell the vehicle while his cousin is 15 year old cousin, Dr. Romano, Calarola, your this month. The case came to light when the mother of the 15 year old cousin and the cousin's neighbor Bruce is spacious until the 14 year old's mother. She confronted a boy called Temple terrorist police barkingly first investigation. Temple terrorist police charge will fade with two counts of ludinal syvees that are included in the 14 year old. Marion County officials involving him. Marion County officials charge her with two counts of ludinal syvees that are one kind of ludinal syvees exhibition. The cornerstone of the investigation involves a statement from the student who offered details, such as the color of the teachers to pre-pants. The design of her body tattoos and the layout of her apartment went and out, shoved the layout. He said he and Lefei got to know each other on the way back from my middle school graduating class trip at Seewold Orlando last month. They sent next to each other and talked. And she kind of like squeezes like a little bit and they kind of like put his hand on her thigh. That week at school she would invite them to work classroom and detention and stop talking and take into his basketball practices at a Mark Rehagen Center to get his haircut into his house. On the last day at school the favor tended to party throw my another student. It was there that she gave the 14 year old her cell phone number the boy told he techives. The week at June 14 she performed oral sex on an her bedroom and during the drive to alcalabore the cousins of the boys cousin lives according to investigative reports. Inner bedroom entering the drive. While she was anxious, you know, she was in the big hurry. She went to hell with a summer school class. She had said, I want to come any credits to get to that. She had sex with an interportable classroom at the school and twice that week at her SUV while the boys cousin drove them around quite a police documents. After one of the encounters the two stop that they best buy where she purchased an i5 music player for her husband. They also frequented a smoothie king. Well, so what's wrong with it? Look at that she was trying to do something nice for a hubby. She was just getting along the side. The teacher told the teens she was in a troubled marriage and aroused by the fact that having sex with a boy was not allowed. After the boys mother contacted temple terrace officers detectives had the boy call on the fave to an 18th rather listen to the conversation. Oh, two days later at the direction of temple terrace detectives the teen arranged to have the fave pick them up at his house the next day. When she showed up the authorities were waiting. It was the old trap. The fave turned herself in the middle of the 30s with the temple lord John fits given by her side. Lafay opposed the twenty-five hundred dollars bail released about one pay a month a day at the audience. So, there we go. Like I said, the guys out there are either approving a plotting their pissed off at her josey's pissed off at the 15 year old cousin. So am I. For writing them out. School of his fun. My name is local politics. This is my real voice. I am the voice of your son. I'm a happy new year. President Bush expanded healthcare for children and cut taxes. To stimulate the economy, I don't like that. If I am elected president, this will be an America that invites inflation and recession. And I have a plan to do so. George Bush has no plan. I will move America in a new direction. They will erode any recovery and threaten the prospect of lasting prosperity in our nation. In the bleenth of an eye, millions of families struggling to pay higher health care costs, higher college tuition, trillions and deficits over the next decade. If I am president, that is the new direction that I will set for our budget and for our economy. Thank you very much. How young is 2 young? 1046 and 560 WQM. Here is the fact from Jay who says let's approach track on us. We got him on it and he has got 9 votes. I am going to change the pool in noon. By the way, I don't think this is a 4 hour. This is just a can't very 4 hour. Is it 2 hour pool? Yeah. And the second pool will be like here. Sure. How many facts do you have if it's on a panic? Okay. What's your take on the Tampa School teacher who has sex with a 14 year old student? Here are the five choices I put down. I'm jealous. No big deal. Because it should be shot for squealing. Fry her ass or she's a crazy bitch with very hot. Five good choices I think. Anyway, Jay says also this day is running a problem with Johnny Sauder driver of the number 30 NASCAR whatever. Only problem is he was fired through weeks ago. Come on. Don't be a nitpicker man. I'm sure Joe Cash tell about a call they can't afford to have a phone anymore. I thought Joe Cash though was coming back. Oh, he was like Greg was seen very jackass a few weeks ago. Oh yeah, we want to have Joe back. I think there would be great Moan Joe. Don't you know the great Moan Joe and occasionally the big. Oh. You're right at this. Pipsquake. Mike says is. Here's a choice for the full Don's Zimmer doing a cameo for the hemorrhage commercial Truth and packaging. He's trying to say is a pain in the ass. We love old Azim. Who's he with now Tampa? I think so. I don't know. I've screwed over by the Yankees he's with Tampa now. Poor old Zim. Love those 88 cubs matter. What have you had your was was it 88? 88. What a year that was that was sensational. And anyway, here's another one. Look at his whole bunch of David says. Here's my 85 entries. Suzanne Summers. Oh, let's summarize it. Talk about a rip off of that. Talk about another. And she's got her finger in everything if you've heard of this person. And I mean, that's him. Suzanne Summers. How are you long? And Catherine Zeeve Jones. Who used to be Catherine Zeeve Jones. But then she heard Zeeve on a radio and my I mean said, Oh, I don't want to be associated with that. So now she's Catherine Zeeve Jones. Got those? Yep. I would assume you've got them since you're sending these. Facts is right. Yes. So far, 124 votes. Michael Jordan, who is the biggest four. Commercial horror. What well known celebrity, Anthony, whatever. Michael Jordan 49, Dan Marino 20. Look at that tiger was 12 already. He's a little bit on there. How many seconds? About 10 man. Check 11. Britney Spears 7. The on standard six LeBron James six. Very, very beautiful. When grits you don't have any. Well, you are here. You saw him on your screen every 10 seconds. You'd be a good shot too. Just like poor Rauh's name, there was two can his guts out. What is wife? Smack him on a head. Brandy McMichael. What's your take on that? See, Mike, take his way. No one else yet, right? Yeah, I mean. But on our station, it's always you immediately come to the, to the, make the excuse for the athlete because we got a bunch of jobs and Jews on this station. There's two different stories to this, uh, allegation. And the wife says that she only, you know, like tapped him on the shoulder. And, or no, that's where Andy said the wife said that, you know, there's a couple punches through him. But he said that he was taken as guts out. He was at the magic bowl. Pukin is guts out because he had so much to drink because it was his birthday. And she came and this knocked him on the shoulder and which, say, turn around and just, you know, give a little tap. What's our luck? Then this little tap, I love tap. How about Lance Armstrong? Lots of bike commercials. It says, you're okay. You can put him on there. P.S. It says, if you want to talk about the great homeland security, there's been an abandoned old blue car sitting at the peak of the I-95 North Bridge over the Miami River. I drive to work every day that way. Notice this car Saturday morning just sitting right next to the top of the bridge. And just by coincidence, that bridge is right next to the city of Miami building. How could this happen? How could nobody have checked this out? Even though this doesn't temporary tag, as an expiration date of 8704. Are all temporary tags only valid for a month? Please call Tom Ridge. How do you like that? Oh my God. I think we want you to panic for your nervous rating like that. But they're right in top of it. Sodom has turned over to Iraq. It's many but he cares. It's just like paperwork. You know what I mean? We're thinking of doing them now. Legal custody of Austin Iraqi President Sodom was standing in 11 of his top former Aides were transferred to the Iraqis today according to the International Official. The defendants were informed individually of their rights. And Iraqi judge witnesses the proceedings. They're to appear in court on Thursday tomorrow. For a formal reading of the charges but the trial itself won't take place for months, the first step has happened said, Sa-Salam Chalabi, who just happens to be a member of the family. Directed to the Iraqi special tribunal that will try to work on the defendants, I met with Sodom earlier than they do, explained his rights in what will happen. So remain an American control jail guard to buy Americans until the Iraqi's are ready to take physical custody of him. That's expected to take a long time. It says here. Just like we're still in order to insanity is expected to take a long time. This of course, it ever happens at all and most people don't take a will. Can I get a little morbid for just a second? Okay. Before we get into the important stuff like Randy McMichael and his wife and pig and his gut. That's what I've got drunk on his birthday. But it often really, they seem to specialize. I started out at the beginning of the show and that's just to meet you, centerwood in the Gene Atkins and Cecil Levisle. Cecil Levisle, a diesel diesel and Sammy Smith. And who's the other one? I was snorting up the chartlines. The Marthream, the Tommy Humphrey's? I have at the Marthream, I was back in the day. Right. To break lighten. Uh huh. Well, what a Clayton do. I thought he was cleaning a Clay machine. Why aren't they both, uh... No, it was Mark Duper. That was, uh, you know, from Abdomar with about 85 pounds of weed in this car. That's almost ghost. That's normal. And they're what about the Tony Martin? Now he got off on that and I'm glad because Tony's a good guy. Never stole a free train. But he had a little, uh, little problem there, little running, right? Sure. The Cartham's got as much time on the field winning games as they do in a courtman and the courtroom and in jail they'd be doing great. But my prediction, I heard the joke every day talking about, uh, say off games, man, all man, you think about a sense of humor. I'm going to tell you right now, 97 at best. I'm thinking eight Nade for that team. 97 the tops for your Miami dolphins this next season. Okay, right at down. And just the tops. 97 more likely eight Nade. It won't be too great. Any team has still got all a quarterback coming good luck to them. And of course they got that touchy feeling guy. Here's the morbid story. The mother of a soldier killed an Iraq invited news coverage to do rattle of a son of Flagbird Casca that's Sacramento International Airport. The early a dozen reporters photographers and television crews were present when the coffin of Army Sergeant Patrick McCamprey 34 was transferred to a horse outside a cargo of terminal late Sunday. The scene was in stark contrast with Pentagon policy banning photographs of the coffins of dead military personnel, while they're on military facilities. The capric did not die for nothing. The way he lived needs to be talked about. Patrick was not a fighter. He was a peacemaker. His mother Nadia McAfee told the LA Times. I wanted his body to become a homoslaw. I just decided to do it this way. It just happens he added on good morning America. ABC F today. While she said the invitation to the media wasn't a political protest. He planned to continue speaking out against the war. This is enough she told the Times we have to react. Patrick McAfee and another soldier both members of the California National Guard's five 79th and Jinder Battalion were killed June 22nd in the ambush. Signing privacy concerns the military as you know banned photographs because it's bad for business and visual recordings of returning remains. Critics say the policy makes it harder for citizens to understand the being all being cost of war that's actually our way to get people over there. There are people dying for no good reason as bad for business. The baby will live in the public should see the coffins of war dead. Slaired in April when the Seattle Times published a front page photograph of caskets in a cargo claiming to wait and a first amendment activist posted on his website dozens of similar images from Dover Delaware said the nation's largest military marcher. I just mentioned that in passing. So here's another that's trying to do something to make a little bit of a difference. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let entertainer reports figure is the biggest commercial horror. Let's see the Times only got the 21. Dan boys 32 and Michael Jordan 55. 5 6 7 0 5 60 line nine is ringing QA in hello. Yes sir. Hey I got one for your poll. All right. Guys I thought of it George Foreman. Oh the leaning grilling man. Yeah he's selling dog charity to put his name on. Yeah. Okay. In fact I think he has read him free when you buy your leaning grilling machine. No shit. With the fuel heard. Yeah. I'll be call it. I like George Foreman though. He's one of the few people in the boxing world. Oh and then I heard yesterday was it on Joe showing his rambling about how much money type of my Tyson is made. Yep. But like I said there to begin with the show yesterday a lot of you suckers out there. He has next fight or whatever he fights is going to be paid for view. They can't move fast enough to get that reach in that wallet. Get out that credit card, get out that bill. And why is that? I want to see what's next. I think because he's a preacher. America really loves a preacher. They love Michael Jackson and kind of a perverse way. And the same with Mike Tyson. They love it. 567.0560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQA and hello. Hi. I got you name for the phone. Okay. Carry Bradshaw and Mike P.Apsa. Mike P.Apsa. Yeah we wonder about him. Okay thanks we are. Thanks. Terry Bradshaw. You'd know me in the word. More on. Now I wonder is he from presenting away to school at some Louisiana like polytechnical some school attend students? Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, will he weigh him? Yes. Part of the deal if he's going to get into you when he has to actually buy two textbooks. He doesn't have to open him. But he has to have two textbooks at all times in his room. That's going to be tough. That's going to be, that's some pretty harsh punishment. You know what I'm going to pick on Donna Shalayla over there by the way. Because she's brought integrity and honesty. That's for you. I'm along with the D1 prison. What's the name? Put them out. Paul D. Paul D. What's that? Can't foot or he's the athletic director? Yeah. Shalayla's a prison. Donnie Shalayla. I guarantee she's got a bigger period in the tan foot. Don't we still have that bit in your tan foot and I bet we do somewhere. I'll find it. Do it a break. 1056 is 56 to QM. We got Curtis Stevenson from the Mad Dogga 2. Mad Dog taking another welders' herb they all. Oh, right. The Humper had four or six thirty got your Marlins on deck. Marlins at the Braves they pulled one out five four last night. Seven or five tonight. Any camp in the baseball game. I want to establish it the other day. There's you with them. Say we need you to play. I want to establish it the other day. There's you with them. Say we need you to play. There's you with them. Say we need you to play. There's an opposite. I thought was cool. Just went it with Paul. It's so good about school. He's at school. We've had food. We've had food. We've had food. We've had food. That's it we got those incentives for you. Just went it with the game. It's all that you got to do. You have all the drugs it went in you. There's a thing. There's a party down the street in the river. Seeing me, dad. We've had food. We've had food. We've had food. The FVW show got real. They gave this school a little shot. But that would tell you just another day. We're gonna keep on doing what we do anyway. We've had food. We've had food. We've had food. We've had food. We've had food. Steal. It's We get it. Oh wasted. Is that true? Related for the morning. That really happens. So we find it gets in billboards last year and on the sports angle of the thing, it says WQM we've got balls which is all the sports stations in America I've been using it's not original don't give us too much credit we've got balls can it shows you am in the dolphins in the the the panthers and whatever else right the armants yeah well it's just cute and then that's the deal shows the lowest for the various teams and don't necessarily have ice present into whatever to whatever she is what is she good super she's a bitch so she gets all that out of shape on somebody brings the word tension of course the fact that here in these billboards with the university of only logo say we got balls he writes us a letter to the station it's one of the most disgusting that vulgar things we don't want to be associated with that you're the idea the idea I was a crap and so all we did was we kept the billboards up with you and the logo off of him ok so screw off that bitch I bet that you've got a a bigger pair than Janet. That's why maybe life is a drag for Donner's Related Over There at UM. We can't stand you honey, you're an idiot. You're a simple man. You make me want a puke. Dolphins, Randy McMichael, arrested domestic violence. Okay, so I'm sure everybody at town is talking about this, aren't they? Oh, yeah. Even though, of course, we like it. We said we weren't there. We don't know the details. The problem was his birthday on Monday. Dolphins tied it and by the way, contributing to this report to San Semila's morning. Josh, beben. Good old crumbs. Is that what you call them? Crumb's Reuben. This is a man who had a stomach state of staple the lose weight. Who's smelled, his bed is my boreal smell. When I pierced a couple of weeks ago and believed you me, that was like the food, the inside of a fuselage grave. That's how bad that smell. His bed is that was like the lilac compared to what Josh Reuben's got like. Would that the losing cottage cheese all over the place? At any rate? The rumor that I'm here does not only gain all the weight back, but then some on top is what I'm hearing. Is that true? Well, why can't that why can't you say you like does he work for us anymore? No. So why don't you believe that I haven't seen him at a while? Well, I'm hearing he's a big as a house. Okay, looks like you and Fat Boy in the beast all rolled into one. Wow. Mike did Mike limp, limp member did because he said, that those really give me the guys around those limp penis bones. I'll tell you another one. Another football ex-football Dan Reeves. Do they have a heart attack? Yeah. And is he always on their peddling those damn statin drugs which are okay by the way? Those things are poison. Believe me or not. I'm telling you right now, lovestatin, a premon, premon call, uh, zo-core, uh, you name it. Yeah, Dan Reeves, he's all over the place. Here's another one Donald Trump. Well, yes, since that TV show all of a sudden is at this fast, you don't have enough money. Now there's Donald Trump all over the place too. Here's a fact that says more, this is a long fact. Try to call you about to, you know, before I go on, I just want to say one thing. If I send a little incoherent these last couple of days, it's because I've been sleeping an hour later than usual. It's not good. I'm like, I don't even know what else side is up here. And the reason being is that Georgia's on vacation this week. So I figure well, I'll catch an extra 45 minutes from our sleep because ordinarily, Georgia and I start concabulating about 737-45 every morning. I don't know about what, but just, you know, saving everybody else in the back stuff like that. That's stuff that's fun. And as a result, that's I've been saving the late of clock and I come crawling here around a little before 9-845 or about. And I'm like, I'm just off my feed. So if I sound incoherent, that's the excuse. Here's the fact this is trying to call you about this yesterday, but I had job in a busy get to. Thank you for the great economy, Mr. President, since about your pull concerning the bush carried pulls about six months ago, I heard of news reported on NPR that the university did their own pull about pulls and discovered that people are sick and tired of responding to pulls. Maybe that's like the one here in Canada, the one that said the Conservatives were like, ahead, and we're going to win a release of an already government and Steven Harper was going to be the Prime Minister. And guess what? Wrong. They said that a great many people out there refusing to participate. This means it's very possible that the results we're seeing now are all the opinions of shut-ins and people that's going to talk to anyone who listen to them. Kind of like our colors, I guess, huh? Yep. Like the people that call talk shows. Other thing, you mentioned sending sofa came to the Iraqi talk radio stations. Better we should send them that. Well, this is guilty. Unexperated version of Poundalisa. That's why I take a play it. Then if those guys ever stream on the internet, somebody in this country can hear it again or maybe how about kiss a schmotha in good morning would be good. It says you talk about not being able to play far-sounds after all these years. How about the spike Jones song? Their fur is faced. It's been on the radio on and off for decades. Would that be eligible for fines now? Absolutely. Of course, perhaps that's why the Nazis at the FCC are so sensitive to that sound. Any something you're sure of, Paul, how about Patrick Stewart? Doesn't show his face. There's tons of voice over. It's including that cholesterol drug and that spaddle side effects. There's another one. See my second powers again about fatal side effects and those statin drugs. Fantastic. My word for it though. Redefut by Kilmer on McCullochilko, whatever his name is about all of these things. Michael Jordan, 61, Dan Reno, 37. Tiger was his god. He's moved up nicely. He's steadily insurely. Britney Spears 22, Shack 20. See I saw your problem for it. Are you an easy check? Yeah. Beyond Sanders 13, George 4, and 10, LeBron James only nine. That's amazing. Every play that we'll have to play it again and again. Derek Deeter 6, Katherine Zeta Jones, as Edoam sorry three, how he longs that up here? Terry Bradshaw 1, Blam time. See we don't do this for show and we got a lot of people that saw these who don't our really big sports fans and some actually hate sports like George. But we really somebody should do a pull on which of these sports, which of these sports nerd, jock types, which of those people on TV and those you the most? I mean it wasn't on Dian, but now that we've taken him off it's gotta be Terry Bradshaw. I mean he is just, he gives new means to word more on. Am I right? What about Terry Bowdoin? Oh yeah Terry Bowdoin, I'm a little bit see that's not that's so whole different genre. He just can't help but he's just the in-brand. He just read that. Terry Bowdoin, and you people are wrong. We've taken that pull before by who's the biggest redneck of all. He never wins this because I guess most people don't know him as well as I do. Terry Bowdoin. He makes daddy look like a big city sluther is how he lit her with he is. He makes W look like a road scholar. Terry Bowdoin. Yeah. He's what's wrong with America. I'll tell you that right now. Terry Bowdoin. He's what was that him? Oh I'm disappointed. Is that him? Oh that's his daddy. Oh that's his no-one. Then think so. That's much too articulate for Terry. Dolphins tied in Randy McMichael was arrested in Weston early Tuesday on suspicion of hitting his pregnant wife. Howard County Sheriff said that but he's responding to a domestic violence call. Remember the last domestic violence call we heard about when they athlete are famed. Which one was that? Oh come on. Just play them. No I'm talking about big name. What I just say really big name. Oh we talk about our boy Kobe. Oh man. No that's the one. The domestic violence call it was a rape. Man I said you better get your abuse and attacks and rape and violence figured out straight now man. A thousand about. Oh man. Good buddy in Kendall O. J. You heard all those tapes over and over again the 911 tapes. Yep. Oh this. Kalana Michael. What a second of you found he punched him about about to 15 years in prison. Domestic battery and a pregnant woman. Kalana Michael. What kind of a name is that? Kalana. Hey you want a Kalana? No. Kalana McMichael who police said his six months pregnant was also charged with domestic battery. Oh I didn't know that did you? Yes I did. Well what kind of this sounds like a catfight to me? Four lottery of attorney Adam Swickle who is representing Randy McMichael said he posted $5,000 on yesterday afternoon. McMichael was released Tuesday evening according to Sheriff's Office records. Kalana McMichael posted $1,000 on his bottom was released Tuesday evening according to Sheriff's Office. Swickle said that we're no extra conditioned attacks to McMichael's bottom would mean he and his wife can have contact if they choose. Swickle said he didn't McMichael nor his wife wanted a no contact provision on the bond. The couple's been married about a year. As far as what Randy feels for things about what happened I don't want to get in it because it's not appropriate right now Swickle said through Rosemary House McMichael's agent to climb a combat which is a miracle for him because generally he can't show his big mouth. Swickle said the state attorney's office has 21 days to decide whether to file charges. I say forget about it. Don't you? Yeah one of them. They had a little domestic contact on his story. She is 5'10, he's 5'00, back bitch and then that's it. We certainly are aware of these seriousness of this matter and we don't can know the types of action which have been led to a occurred dolphin co-stave once that said in a statement released by the team. However we will withhold any comment on the specific situation until the judicial process is right at the course. What a concept. According to the probable cause of affidavit, Kwanam McMichael, six months pregnant accused her husband who is 6'4 and 250 pounds of big ass mother. I've grabbed her by her right arm and striking her several times after she confronted him about out being out late drinking. Court of police, Kwanam McMichael said she's slaped Randy Schorter and he was, how can you, can you, can you get charged with? Just battery. Domestic battery. She says she's slaped his Schorter and he responded by hitting her. The affidavit said Kwanam had slight swelling on her left cheek. Back to him. And minor abrazenes that are right arm but that she wouldn't help police were husband allegedly struck her because she didn't want to get her husband in trouble. The affidavit said Randy McMichael, I've admitted that having a lot to drink while celebrating his birthday and police said he had a strong order of booze on his bread. The Randy McMichael told him police is why he hit him across the heat with their hand while he was vomiting in the bathroom. He responded by pushing the ranch to get out of the way. He said he fell to the ground currently affidavit. Randy McMichael gave a similar description to the incident to emergency operated currently recording of the call. McMichael who sounds angry during the call repeatedly told the operator that he wanted to leave the house with a seven-year old daughter Sierra. My wife hit me and I'm defending myself. I see he was still good to be right to that, you know? I'm defending myself McMichael told the operator her to him to calm down throughout the call. He's only two fifty six to four. She hit him and he's defending himself. Maybe he's just a big old pussycat, you think? It's possible. That might be it. He's picking on. 1113 at five sixty wqm nobody wants to talk about cancer heart disease and yet we owe it to ourselves and our families to be sure that you're in good health. You can't just sit around and hope for the best. It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well at treatment if you find it early. Hollywood, that master center is proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, coronary heartscoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer other life-threatening diseases in the early stages. You don't even need to dump his referral to get these exams done. I hadn't done a few weeks ago. The coronary heart screening and full body screening. Not intrusive at all it takes us a few minutes out of your life and then as you look at the results that Dr. Ashley shows you to results it's like taking a virtual trip right through your body through your lungs, your all of these things. It's amazing. For writer imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for the test that can give you and your family peace and mind even be a life-saving exam. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, the office, David the art imaging equipment would open MRI, high speed test scan, nuclear medicine and much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving South Florida for over 20 years and their facility also provides a complete mobile-died cancer service that can come right to you. For example, if you get into some kind of a domestic squabble and somebody grace your arm your neck, they'll come right to you. Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for your life-saving imaging exam today nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred. Themier said their escape that will lie to me until the door Hey provide them and advise that will leave you by the. You say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, thathe, you say say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you say, you really, I say, you say, We stuck a minute or maybe we sold on the weapons the poison gas all of these things We smiled we look the other way now here. We are all these years later saying we got him We're gonna get him and him over to the Iraqi so they give him what for after we put him in in the first place So we can throw all those people Hey, by the way, quick Huh, we just got the food from the place called the joint Oh, that's right. It was the joint. Oh, you did know that because you said yesterday, but you know your advanced stage is affecting your memory Right. Yeah, we'll go with it But yeah nice guys they brought in a bunch of food for the station. They're right on Iv's dairy just So I've started road West to 95 and right they brought a bunch of stuff for us got a menu. You should definitely go check them out So thanks to our friends at the joint Thanks as you always appreciate to free joint. I love it. How about you do? How is it about to say something extremely important only moments ago before you ended, but that's good because we want to plug them a lot So they bring a lot of good free food. It was about what man I am serious. I need to like go back to bed for another out So on to unsleep off that extra out that I slept last two days. That might work No, there's a thing about Simon. I'm just a frost your ass so much at the meteor. You're so bad. You're so lame. You're pathetic All you have to do is go on the in that I say all you have to do most people won't do it Well, that's why we got so many more on front and wrong because they sit back. They watched their fox news They watched CNN they watched MSNBC they watched them networked new zoos Maybe they watched MSNBC a few people And that's what they get that's what they have this notion of what's really happening in the world. It's mostly bullcrant So on the website security ours there was the picture a rum skull chicken hands with satin with a Britain a big-ishmit eaten a grin on his post in 83 We loved a man. He was the buffer Wasn't just a quality only family had a buffer South there. We had a lot of buffers and this as long as it was our slime Back then we loved him like crazy. He was the buffer between the Iranians and the end of the world The Iotola and bush one by the way bush Herbert Walker bush one it was him and Reagan that they had been rum skull It dropped him up bush one said that he didn't go in there And he saw them out at the end of the Gulf War one because of the fact that we're afraid that whatever followed In power would be even worse Like the Iotola another theocracy another bunch of religiousness running in the country But then he ran just mention that in passing that's the same George Herbert Walker bush was against this war. That's right very quietly 567.0560 so thanks to our friends at the joint and what are they bringing burgers and a bunch of like everything I got for a ridds or a call you name oh This is good we could actually maybe give a little publicity this week's that crants is that much slow it on the air I'm gonna be a robber show filling in for George By the way, why they're coming in again every day Okay, well if you're not coming back tomorrow we'll get the Jeff Cohen to come in we listen you know me I'm the expert on getting free food. That's the best generally when I'm there No, it's not the best and we'll get the Wayne Arle to come in rain has been there in a long time Yeah bring waitin with some of the mealy burgers and I'm great Rochester White House those are Russia's White House Hey, they were in that too long Really yeah, I must have been it. Well, there was a George deal and probably when I was on vacation So we know what it's like getting free food when times get really rough folks Just up I will feed all the address for autos out there What entertainer or sports figure is the biggest commercial horror would sell on the self for a nickel Michael Jordan 71 Danny boy Dan Reno 43 now that's we like you Danny I mean you never stole a freight train you got funny looking lips, but nevertheless, but you're just everywhere a little bit too much Tiger Woods 37 he's moving up on Danny's ass fast Shax got 25 Britney Spears. He's got 22 George form a lean green millen Millen's showing me the green mean show machine He's got 17 seven kids on them George too. Does he really all this kids answered George? Now let me ask you the seriously how could you not like George form? He's just a fun guy and I love him. He's great. He's a great guy great. He's got a great attitude Yeah, what's not the light the on Sanders 14 it can't stand him Donald Trump 11 despise him Lebron James 10 Catherine's either Jones six Derek either six Derek either as G either Jones How he lungs that a pair of care branch. Well one might did come on land-sarms strong students from random Mike P. Otsa Dan Rees and Wayne gritsky have all got the big L 266 don't forget we're changing to pull it known all right Hey, you're looking forward to that. Well I think there are a lot more concerned about that school teacher in a 14 year old boy They're having a sizing about it right now and they're mind are making up store Especially guys like in their four reason for these it's pretty easy to convince yourself that something happened years and years ago And if you keep thinking about it and pretending it happened often enough that eventually it didn't happen You know, oh yeah I'm trying to think of what right now there you go. Bet you aren't well it was like a while 5 6 7.05 60 pound 5 60 but maybe was there little fish with Robert creeper before they emotional this morning WQA hello not there online too QAM hello Yes, sir is the poll just exclusively for North America Not necessarily but it might be nice if somebody knows who it is They did back them good one Okay, me or suggestion for our new poll please The biggest mistake the great we just great read is made concerning QAM Oh That might be a two day a two-parter. I told George a couple of weeks ago when he was on when you were on vacation He told me you said this is the biggest for that Well, that's gonna be tomorrow's poll. Thanks, Paul. Okay The big and I'm gonna write it down so I don't forget the biggest true ups by Greg Reed huh? biggest grew up and I'll give you one right now. Okay. That'll have like a two-sided deal kind of a toothpaste deal It'll be hiring Scott for Ralph And firing stuff for Ralph See see how we're coming to that as you don't buy the way In Atlanta, he's doing good. How do you know then? I spoke to Scott for Ralph. I did when was this two weeks ago about what he was down He was stuffed down here from Yeah, so he did a show from the 940 studios So he called me while he was down here because he was stuck And he called me and we talked for a lot. Tell me how everything is going good in Atlanta Well, that's great. We wish him all the best. Just don't come back 567. I mean, I don't want to go in. We'll do it tomorrow. We did that fool If the audience only knew if you only knew one of the even you know all of the stories Do you oh yeah, so like I said we wish all the best Scott just stayed away. Tell me if you ain't hello Bobby night Bobby night Something everything can fertilize the issues and I believe he when it comes to fertilizer He's the expert man takes a lot of pali Bobby night got it good See we build a nice week. We'll miss a nice week. Of course. It knew we'll be anchored off of them Put that other one on there to get your take on at school teacher on at nasty nasty hostile Hornie 23 year old hot bitch who you know was molested in at 440 year old boy Well, it's 15 year old cousin was driving around and watching He had one hand. I'm a steering wheel and god will you know as what else? 567.05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How did you QAM? Hello It sounds like me. Yeah Oh, yeah, I really he would talk about most annoying sports on your broadcast I want that boy. I want to include it Yeah, he goes. He doesn't shop for a certain. He's a Timmer Carver football Stop that. Okay. Thanks, pali. But we got a whole bunch of pulls. We're gonna be kind pretty soon power I don't even buy a lot Almost in79 a Oh yeah! I'll be careful with you so you can Oh, please don't thank you, Marl No no no wait a minute, don't go Nothing else to say Oh, about this I was the way the down there in the mirror, Bob I'm the right time to sleep from you I have to go Oh, wait, oh, wait, Bob, wait No, I have to go I told you, what? I told you, what? I told you, what? I'll break, how's that? I'll give you one of my old tentatiers How's that? No way That was the only pull that we had If they didn't sign in, no there's loy they did They're going to go away, go away Why did they go to the door? I'm going to go away I'm going to go away, go away, go away Bob I'm the right time to sleep from you I'm the right time to sleep from you I'm the right time to sleep from you Oh, wait, oh, wait, oh Why did they do this? I writers about nasl igy Did they get their peace on  Was it party? I wrote skiing I wrote skiing I wrote skiing Almost every day I see and my brains maths it started to cool I had to loveuclear I take all the food. I add the noise and the noise of the food. Yeah, I go, I talk, I wanna go back. And because I'm in prison, I'm in prison. And I know that's me, with people being. And, in fact, I go off the street. And I ain't gonna just let me back. I know how to be. I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be. What? I'm gonna be. 26, don't know what it's five, 60, WCM happy Wednesday too. Anyway, if you missed the beginning of the show, big radio news for those who care. And there were a lot. Howard Stern, back on in the five of the six markets, I teach channel, click them off of. But not Miami in for a lot of deal. Had beyond in Palm Beach County, in fact, they carried the press conference this morning. That must be what Muffin was listening to. Because she was describing Rander abruptly, hearing by the beat by the boot, but about them. He still hasn't decided to be going to stay with infinity. Or he's got a legal revolution, which means going to satellite radio and all those other things. What seemed to me that if he's made these deals with these other stations, because he gets a cut, whatever station he's, is, is, is carried by. He wouldn't be making these deals if he really was serious about walking away. But a lot more publicity for Howard. And anyway, W, what is it? T, B, Z. The buzz, 103.1FM, worse Palm Beach. And starting July 12th, because it'd be on vacation next week. July 12th is when it's going to be on the buzz. So if you're one of those people in Northern Broward, in Palm Beach County, Northern Broward for Howard, your own sense? It's a loop to that Howard. There you go. I guess that's pretty big news. Didn't see anything in the cell cell or a handle about it, all of you guys? Nope. Most of the listed at Tom Jicker or Glenn Garble was on top of that Storysson's other people were writing about this couple of days at Henten Time. Didn't see nothing about it, Tommy. But then again, it has to do with radio, which I understand is not your league. Line 9. There we go. We're up there, but that's probably just as well. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom, I don't want to take any more names for this pool. You know what that's what they're going to do, because you really got half an hour. Less. Yep. Right? So we'll wait for the other one. Another team that reports figure is the biggest commercial horror. We got mediocre total. I told you they didn't like this pool. If you're here in 22 vote. There's John Terry. The key selection process. Look at really scary. Michael Jordan 77. If I wanted the reasons they said he might not pick John Edward's to be as running made is because Edward's is young and alive. He might like upstage him. Let me try something. Man. Man. Oh man. Here Randy McMichael though. It's like I'm on the side of the head and wake him up a little bit. Okay? And I made him a little. Oh look at that. There's Dick Cheney with Rudy Giuliani at the Yankees game. All brother. No comment. Michael Jordan 78 Dan Rino 51. Tiger Woods 45. See the Tigers move it up on Danny boy. He's moving into the contest. I told you. Shack 32. Britney Spears 29. Donald Trump 21. George 420. The lean mean. Shill and machine. The unsanterized 15. Kevin Zated Jones 12. The bronze eggs. Everybody else single digits. More than 4,000 scientists have signed a petition. A queusing George Bush of twisting their work to further his political agenda. This is in the British independent. Since for Michael Green there was little hesitation. Harvard professor has spent much of his life working in the field of reproductive health. In when in his capacity is a member of a federal advisory committee. He was asked his opinion about a new emergency contraception. He had few doubts about recommending that it be licensed. And he did the overwhelming majority of his colleagues on the committee for about the US FTA. Indeed, the distinguished panel voted 23 to 4 in favor of selling the morning after Pyrl planned B without prescription. The FTA almost always follows the experts recommendations. But not this time. Despite the wealth of expert opinion, the FTA rejected the committee's view, claiming that there was insufficient data. Committee members were incensed emails through back and forth, talking of resignation in political interference inside the scientific process. People are very angry, says Green, the issue here is much larger than just plan B. The decision is blatantly contrary to the science and effects. And so blatantly politicized. But critic said this is just one modest example among dozens of the way in which the administrative George W. Bush is manipulating and twisting science for its own extreme ideological ends. Units from global warming to lead in drinking water in the alleged link between breast cancer and abortions, this administration like no other before it is turning science into a political battleground. Suddenly, science is responding what is almost certainly an unprecedented revolt against the government. Earlier this year, the nonprofit group, the Union of Concerned Scientists, put together a petition of the so far been signed by more than 4,000 scientists, among them 20 Nobel prize winners, demanding that the Bush administration changed its behavior. It also published a 38 page report detailing the government's scientific distortions. Successful application of science has played a large part in the policies that have made the U.S. the world's most powerful nation, and it says it's increasingly prosperous and healthy to report says, although scientific input to the government is rarely the only fact in public policy decisions, this input should always be way from an objected impartial perspective to avoid careless consequences. Indeed, this principle is long been adhered to by presidents and administration to both parties performing and implementing policies. The administration of George Bush has, however, just regarded the principle. The result of this politicization state-disclamable scientists is visual that not only in flawed policies, but the very underbinding of American scientific ideals, even for evidences found in principles. There are few issues where the evidence of scientific distortions more apparent than that of reproductive health. On January 22, 2001, four days after his inauguration, Bush reinstated the so-called Mexico City policy, which denies federal funds to family planning groups that provide abortion counseling or services overseas. Since then, led by its born and get evangelical leader, the government is wage war and anything that might be considered a liberal approach to reproductive health. Condoms have been condemned as ineffective, and the administration has adopted abstinence only as the official approach to its ex-education. Over the last three years, Congress has given more than a hundred million dollars in grants and organizations that promote abstance only education, so long story to host those on our website. And look, this is for your new five six years. New and New and New. It's very old, Miami town, but we're new at five six old W.U.A. We've been from the old time left on this clock. Okay, this is the time. It's now or never. Nobody left it for it. Okay, give it a down. What have you got? We're there. No, no, two. So, that is the time. All right, the point being theaters everywhere, this Friday, Chuchillo-Milk, here. Who are it? Yeah, it's like a small house on here. It's like a water-to-place house. Oh, my gosh, this is the same. Wow, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet. We're here, darling. Chuchillo-Milk and his first full-length motion picture, Great, great, PG-13. Let's hope his acting is better than his pre-throw shooting. Okay, that's a good pull question too, is that a bigger head, shack or Joe Rose? Who would that's close? Good, BAML. 145 at five, 60 W.U.A. Manoma changed the pull, though, though it was thing about the school teacher in that poor little kid that she must've been abused in the pot all over you know? Okay, that's a good one. Right, let's see, I'm looking at six to ten from yesterday from the trends 12 plus I wanted to make sure because I know that he's got a vast following out there. Mr. Eagle, aka the keen-mister. He has a-oh, boy, oh, let's show off this time. In this trend, you know what that means? That means during any quarter hour fewer than 100 people listening, he could be using a telephone booth, rather than wasting all of that juice on the electricity from the station, they could use a phone booth to have a meeting of the audience in there. A perfect aisle point, aisle zero, don't you, even FTLA, which is now that A50 thing. By the way, Norma, can't if you're still listening, what do you want? Okay, respond to my email. I hate when people do that. What are you going to change? You think you're going to crawl me later today and I've free mail to back about what? You want to spoil another wise sunny, beautiful day here for me. You want to give me aggravated, do what do you want? See Norma, if I'm new, I'd go back to doing something. You want to give me a good hobby. You want to take a baseball card to looking at it, make it come back. Don't you hate that when people say, well, give me a call and then you say, well, like about what? And then you don't hear anything. Okay, they just want to talk. Well, I don't. Don't bug me, Norma. Okay, go away unless it's something like life and death. Think it's about the unmechanable one or whatever. It's about, I'm not interested. I have an A wonderful life. Look at this, WACC, I don't even know what that is. I think it's not speaking in English. Look at that point nine. Waves, that's, I think, Haitian melodies. 0.7 Ft. On the morning at a 0.5. Our effects box sports 940, 50,000 lost for a, oh, and for this is 12 plus, is the entire audience. Abbott quarter hours of 3,200 people. That's their entire audience. You have any idea how menace you will let is. They could win a big conference room with the holiday in. I can't say the juice. God. I don't see that, and it's going to be really interesting now that the Palm Beach season is going to be fair. That starts July 12. So, like by the end of the summer, you'll start seeing something happen. Maybe. You don't think? I don't, it depends. I mean, if that, if that could come in good and Broward and like North Dave, maybe, but just Palm Beach, I don't think it's going to do that. Guys, I said Atlantic and Bergai said in plantation of one Call of course, said in the buzz is coming in without any buzz. Probably a clear signal in ours, which could be almost anything. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's going to be such a great pull tomorrow. Thanks again, Palmy for calling the next extension. The biggest screw up that Greg Reed made at WVQAM. In fact, we'll go like over the past seven years. Maybe like hiring me. Give rid of that great midday show. Who impressed more on? Remember that? Oh yes. That was big. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Mr. Neil? Speaking. Yeah. I don't know. All right. Who are the message that's going through, I don't know if you guys heard it. That Gary's going to take Hillary for Vice President. Who do you think? We're just saying on 94.3 and I heard on another station that's going to be a Meet press coming out, but they're saying that Hillary's going to be picked for Vice President. And what do you think? I think great. Okay. I will see. You believe that? I don't know. I don't think she wants to be Vice President to you. I don't think so. I think she's sitting back there chopping that a bit waiting for a 2008. I think she's hoping to carry false blood on his face. And I could be wrong. What's your take? Hillary. I don't know. Because she's extraordinarily polarizing. See, you've got like John Edwards. I mean, many of their people are in big fans of John Edwards, but I can't imagine by heat and like poison. You know, he's just kind of a good ol' boy, you know, pleasant. Looks human. Sort of. Yeah, kind of. In kind of a sudden way of looking human. But Hillary on the other hand, I really believe that people either lover or they Hater like poison. There is no medium. Exactly. No, well, she would let the Nancy will tell her where to find the medium. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Largless live. What? Unbelievable irony. He's been in croaks and we went through two weeks of all of these. You're a lot of these tributes to the man. He's the one that stuck all of these dictators in all over the figure world, including Sodom, who's saying the same guy that we're raven about now. We got him. We got him. We brought him to justice. Operation Iraqi freedom all those other bullcrant. Which of course, did I nothing do with that? W2AM, hello. Can you do this to the man? No. Yes sir. You know, I heard you say earlier that Bill O'Reilly, he's a, I've never heard him on the radio. He's not here in South Florida. Yes he is. A West station said. 850 AM. Oh. He's looking for movement for all of that. That's all. I have no problem with that. I'm promoting the steering show being on the buzz. We don't care. We're not afraid. We're not panicky. Oh, don't mention any other callers. All of that bullcrant. That's for people who are a skier. Who are afraid to compete. Maybe that was a rally. No, that couldn't have been him. Well, as a matter of fact, the interesting thing is that when they first put his radio show on and they thought they were going to kick rushes ass, you know. His people from Fox believe it or not, his people called George several times inviting me to be on his show and then ask him to I want him on my show. So I could promote his radio show being in a market. And of course I said very rapidly. No, no, no. And another, no, no chance. What kind of way need him for? What's he going to do for me? Not much. Nothing. So there go Bill or Rally. He is on a, if he's got a, I don't want to. A little bigger than Mr. Ego there, but not much. He isn't even, he's not even like a mosquito on rushes ass. That's what he's not. Nothing. Zero. So we can talk all we want about pill pop and rushes 55 divorces and all of his other problems about hypocritious. All of which are true, but nevertheless, hand to man, he's due. He's a radio monster. He's got more people listen to him every day than any other radio show, including the Howard monster. Any other radio show, who not that Howard in America, which is a pretty sad commentary, but that happens to me the truth. And a Bill or Rally radio show is like a, it's like the Rally no factor. WQA and Hello. Tell me also look at Molly Evans column. What's he about? It's about a really religion. The good Christians. Okay, I'll do it if we read on it. You're in the break. I'll get on Molly Evans column. Also see if Norm can't answer my last email. What do you want Norm? Are you bothering me? Why don't you call me and okay on a padline? Will discuss it on a year or not? Boy, boy, so you see there are some people who aren't satisfied if they know that you're really happy in your enjoying life and everything is going too well. Rains, he might yesterday were doing great. And all of a sudden because they have too much time on their hands. Who did that song? I don't know. Too much time on my hands. I can't, I couldn't tell you. Boy, you are just. I think it was that during my time period? Yes. You know, one thing about Zack, if it's not about sports or food, forget about it. You know what I mean? Let me correct myself. If it's not about food, but got about it. Right. Fise, which is not a knock. It's just one of those things that you're especially. Not everybody can spread themselves to them, which you obviously haven't done. I'm trying. But, you know, that's your speciality of your food. I like it. Line 9, I bet you there might be somebody on here. QA and hello. Yeah. The fuck report has to set that. He always gonna be the vice president to get the meat. Really? Okay. I'll check it out immediately if not sooner. Thank you. Okay. Let's go to the fuck report, which is accurate about one time and 100. Have a great for VP. Okay. Let's just see how, maybe this fuck's got some good stuff this morning. I'm waiting for it. Oh, look at that. Second little bit of a time. Sodom will be executed. We already saw that one. Okay. Big deal. Does he have the Howard Stern story on here? He thinks he's king of all the expert media critic. Vice president, he'll all, he has the speculation and intensifies in Washington. Just like John Kerry had the affair with the intern and just like all of their B.S. that he puts on here. When he announces it when John Kerry announces it from his tail, moldy lips, then I'll believe it. Otherwise, forget about it. I'll figure out, see, I'm not supposed to read this. I'm not going to read it like you're verbatim. Because he has, it's his own story. He says, Washington will be rockman. Hillary has picked this Kerry's out of yaddi. He also predicts a Washington insider who spoke for the Fudge Report condition of ending. Okay. Well, that's great. Some anonymous group all somewhere said this told us one night and this much puts it on it. When you have some real information instead of just being Walter Winshal, Jr. okay with a bald head and a goofy hat, let us know. And these people, preface, he will be the VP. Like I said, let us know what happens. Right? Now the Molly Irvin's column, I think I'm going to put a little more stock in that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, town 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Curtis, the name of the Mad Dog at 2, the Hubbard 4, Marlon Pregame at 6, duty game at 7, 0, 5. W. K. W. Hey, is this George? Yes. Hey, George. I did not hear you guys just say the Howard Sterns back on the air down here. Yep. No, no, no, July 12. July 12, what's next? Is that going to be on? 103.1 in Palm Beach, where do you live? I live in Coral Springs. Yeah, you might be able to hear it. 103.1, I think. All right, thank you very much. You might see we have no problem with that. We don't mind that. Bill or Ronnie, 85 on the AM, Dallas, they said nobody in data, Broward, listen, it's just got a big signal. You can hear it. Anybody want to hear it? No, but I can hear it, though. Right? Yes. I'm delighted to promote all the other fat, least of some of these goofballs on these 90 league states. They used to call in and promote their own radio show. If yours were around, he would remember there was one guy. I'll have asked him next week. Well, I can't think of the guy's name. You used to call in to promote his show. He was like on the light bulb junior, one of those, uh, make believe radio stations. Those 10 mach stations. Used to call in so we could like, uh, you know, do a plug. Nothing like a little self promotion. Yeah, just like that shameless guy that's running for dog catchers somewhere. That Frank. Well, I don't think most. Remember that guy? Yeah, I don't think he would call every day if you let him. Calls in. Frank, uh, our Mondays, uh, Schwartz, whatever his name was. Calls in one day and I, I pick it up cool. Like all the other calls here. We do screen list. Oh, is this new? Yeah. And it, uh, very, I'm like a nice guy's running against Lincoln D.S. Ballard for, uh, the house and the audio. Okay, great. Anybody's running against him. The Democrats aren't running anybody. This guy's a libertarian, which I can't stand at all. But nevertheless, he started like a reasonable guy. He's running against the real Nazis. So I give a couple of minutes. Okay. I'm going to the call. The next day. I'm going through the calls. I've touched our fun. Oh, it's Frank, uh, perfect shorts again. Is that incredible or what? Self-promotion, baby. Horing. This show. Format it's still known in five, 60 WQM will, uh, give you the final result. Other pull notes will get to the new one. And then these spicy juicy one. We need a summer time here. But we've got the big time. Now it's a great time to get out of that car. You've been driving against yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. You're fighting on US-1, just 20 minutes south of the 36-nm, where you are in South Road, even if you can't hear about Budubuzz. It's worth driving anywhere to save you a ton of cash on great new Toyota. With rising gas prices, maybe you'd like to get a car with more fuel economy. The legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 119-90 or at least it for just 209-month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school grand. How about the Toyota Echo, least price? It's just 199. Need a truck to be six to out of 10-per-vegator can. Maybe yours for just 239-month. Looking for the hottest new cars around be sure to check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota Homestead. Their service department is even over late till late weeks. That's to make sure they get all your service works on for you. They're wonderful folks to do business with and they'll never give you a big phone. You saw it in advance. Armstrong Toyota Homestead, where the first year in South Florida, off your free tires and batteries for life and now, they're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life as well. Tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody knows where else does that. So instead of getting sucked in by those mega dealers with screaming yellow and holler and getting in with phony promises, get yourself where we have honest with the business great dealer. Armstrong Toyota Homestead today. See the GM David Rich? Drive a little and save a ton on the great new Toyota Only of Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. And move all the business for Toyota Homestead. And wait a minute. Look at it. It's the 12th one hour. Yeah, at least for today. I stay in front of you now. Two years later and say, it took me a little while. A little slow learner. But meal. I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. Dale Crimson with Sto's As an Adelterer. One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly. But now is my turn to show him what I had discovered. On that off-spicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent. One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro. There was a mystery this claim in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe. He and I read. I have a picture of you in my office. Mmm delicious. Almost immediately we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation. A few days later, TV wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me. That night I was ushered upstairs until to put on a wig and poop skirt. And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason. I'm not all that asked what I can anymore. But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing. When CD finished, I felt numb. Another surprise saying follow. Palma Cartney, George Harrison and Nick Jagger. He held in mind after all. Just what happens. Palma will do it five, six, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight. Next vice president, Hillary Clinton, or not is the case may be. Anyway, let's give it a final result and I'll get to an enormous fence email which I find most amusing. Hi, school, Norma. One hundred ten percent sports figure is the biggest commercial of horror. Michael Jordan 90, Danny Marino, boy 63, Tiger Woods 55, Respectable, TURN, you TURN, Shack 40, Britney Spears 35, Donald Trump 35. George 4 and 25, Beyond Sanders 19, Catherine Zeeve Jones 13, LeBron James has got a dozen. TURN grant draw seven, TURN achieved a seven, Mike DIPCA 5, how he long three, Susan's ran in a pair. David Mecham has got a pair. When Gretzky finally got one, nice little needle nose, Lance Armstrong, one, Dan Reeves and Mike Piazza got none out of four fifty. Here's the next poll. This is it. We'll get it up in the poll too. What's your take on the Tampa school teacher, 23 years old no less, who had sex with their 14 year old student? What do you think? Oh my god. Five choices and maybe there's more, I don't know, some other ideas. I'm jealous. No big deal. The cousins should be shot for squealing. Fry her ass or she's a crazy bitch for a very high. Do I leave anything out? Covered all the bases well. Here's the email response I get from normal or can't after you launch me a call. I'm not going to call you normal. I got the main comment I got, you know, lunch to get, all kinds of heavy beauty stuff is more important than here in your BS. Why didn't you hear this? You will just pee your pants. Neal. I received a call from someone who said you mentioned on the air. You would sign an extended year contract if you could work less out. Not knowing the veracity of the remark. I thought I would tick with you to see if it worked or not. There's no goal it. Is that incredible or what? Let me give you the short answer norm. No. No. I did say that. I was just kidding around. Okay. I don't know. He wasn't listening to me. Maybe he was trying to figure out a way to get normed to make some more money. Right? That's got to be the deal. It's got to be it. No. Answer is no. Another two and a half years long when it go. Maybe two and a half years lost. Can I have it out of that time? Maybe I'll win a lot or tonight for a 10 million bucks to make me. And then Josh and Zach can do the show tomorrow and Friday. Nice. Let me go. You have a good time. I'm hoping you would. You're ready to go to pole for tomorrow. Yes we do. The biggest screw up by Greg Weed and WKM and you could just rip Greg and pass him. Sure. You sure. Okay. I won't repeat what he said before the show. Okay. Here's a fact your muggate feel I was watching some program on TV listing the 10 top most beautiful women they listed, including Oprah and Condolisa. Holy cow. Are you kidding me? You must have been talking about horse-faced women as well as we're talking about. I don't want to be ill-spaving. Let's hear a call on Long No Shikin' so we'll be in Long No. I also had an misfortune of tuning in this right wing idiot Michael Savage. Oh no. While Channel surfing the AM dial he was blaming high gas prices on environmentalists. Oh I don't want to read this. Oh I feel like my gay cheese please. This is almost as depressing as normal kids email. And this is something how somebody's people are so wonderful. I can't find the new Molly Ivins column on religion. I checked on her website in the Fort Worth or whatever that is. Telegram I can't find a new one. So if anybody's got it facts in it or let us know where it is. Okay. Let's see what I should vote on this thing. I don't know what to vote on this. I'm just going to vote because it should be chopper-squared. I think he should have minded his own business. In fact he didn't realize what a good deal he had gone. Maybe he was just jealous. Just keep the video tape rolling and keep it. He was only getting to watch but I think he probably was enjoying it enormously. So that could be wrong about that but I doubt it. He was probably getting these jollies. So I think that maybe we're not talking about physical harm or anything like that. We want him in just a radio show if you find somebody there's something like that. Shoot him in the light. That's right. Just like Ronnie Ankel would be good. Just interpassionate him for a few days while he reassess his life. 560560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQAM hello. Hi. Neil. Yes sir. Speaking. Neil. I just want to make an observation about his FCC stuff you would talk about. And how absurd it is that the vice president who's pushing this down our throat is dropping F-bottoms on the floor to center and I wish that you could start. Are you asking it? What's up? I said I have a great day. We said the floor of the center. I wish we said the floor to center. Doesn't that look like the floor of the center. You have to be a little more articulate than I'd probably but I get angry. I get you drift. Well, there are a bunch of hypocrites or a bunch of phones. And like I said the other day. And don't get me wrong. I don't want interest in having the government interfering with the internet in any way. Or since we're getting material but. On a one hand they say it's okay for pornography to be on here because you're infringing on a first amendment. But if we play parts sounds on a radio which they could even do on a newer rat's guy talk show. It's like parts sounds. Then we're going to find you like him either 275,000 or maybe a half a million dollars a fart. You talk about expensive gas. Very expensive. Even amicone. It was so nothing like this. And the speaker is a chill. Anybody fast at Molly Arvin's channel. I'll do a very nice break. I don't want to put you guys into a lot of stressful situations. Thank you. Well, it's a lot of work because she's all over the place. Molly Oakham. Well, here's the first result on the new pool about the teacher but a 14 year old kid. It was in a state of Washington. In fact, what that was that teacher's name. I went to the game this morning in the original story. L'Acturnal. Was that her name Mary Anne L'Acturnal? Yep. Does that sound right? Yep. In fact, she had two kids by that kid. Did you know that? She had two kids with the kid? Right. Oh my god. Because she got out. They let her out for a while and then they were like, uh, cohabiting again and they slept around back in jail again. But in the meantime, around and before and in between, he knocked her up twice. I just mentioned that in passing. 49 votes on a pool on the new one. What's your take on the Tampa School teacher who had sex with her? Or 14 year old student? How many of us could as what it would have been if a little bit of a girl, 14 year old female student? What would have been a lot worse than it is now? I think of a response to her been, uh, can I watch? Did we got the video tape? The whole of Periscillin? I think they would have won a watch. Yeah. In fact, I think they'd won a watch this one too when you come right down to it. I'm jealous 19 and the cousin should be shot for squealing 15. Piece of crap. She's a crazy bitch with very hot nine. No big deal three and fry her ass three. Three people fry her ass that pervert that nasty bitch is trying the morals of our young people. WQA and hello? No. Yes sir. Very two with turn out. But am I saying Mary Jo? Mary Jo? Mary, well, okay she is missing. She's missing off there. Yeah. And the board goes back, thank you. Are you talking about a nitpick or man? How do you like that? Mary K. He's probably using her cosmetics right now. You'll put your model as we speak. 567. Back home, 056 to pound 560 on a eighth. And then there was the one in the England too and the somewhere Massachusetts wasn't Boston. But somewhere in the England another one was the same deals. Female school teachers. The only thing is that one in Washington, Mary K. Mary J. Mary Jo whatever name was Mary Anne. That kid was holy. Did you see him? Maybe she called sorry for him. I didn't see him. He was like part Indian and part Martian that kid. He was really bizarre. But anyway, maybe something didn't meet the eye. Which part? WQA and hello? I.O.D. is dropping so envy. Okay, is that so? Yeah. And they're putting on Sean Hennessy. Who else are? Sean Hennessy? Sean Hennessy? Yes. There's dropping still Henry? Right. Are you sure? Okay, Mike. Okay, thank you. See you around. Okay. There's blind mic. We got radio gossip gone. You know it today's a December already. It's almost the 4th of July. We got calls from blind mic on there. They're going to be dropping still Henry. Okay. They liked that. And then, after the clear channel people, they're going to put Sean Hennessy on the dispute his crap. Spinning it like a bowl weevil. Is that incredible or what? So, like I said, don't forget to feel Henry showed a views on summer. See, that's where to get film. When you, you know, real turn coat. Are you sure? You need to turn out to be a piece of crap. When you have no principles at all. When you just totally sell out and still then work for him. Still then work. You're going to put on a freaking Sean Hennessy show on WIOD. That's one station when I'm in town. I never ever listened to WIOD. Oh, I hate that station. Work there for nine years when it was a real radio station. When we had a really great thing going. And now you couldn't pay me to listen to it. I mean, what am I going to get to feel popper on here? Or his clone air in the afternoon, till popper junior. And then that beck from Tampa. They got the rhymes with Drec and the morning that they put on instead of Dr. Lorna and their numbers really went and a crap for this last trend yesterday. Man. That was a pleasing thing to see. In fact, you know something? Maybe maybe the audience is finally getting around to punishing the team channel to stations for school and over at Stern. Very nice. And TV into the FCC and being a bunch of stuff. That would be beautiful. From an afternoon at five, 60 WTOM if you're here, ain't so beautiful. In other words, if most of it is gone, you got a big ball spot there like most guys have sooner or later. Everybody in their brother would like their business. They want to grab your money. In fact, there are people who will take thousands of dollars from it. And then you wind up still at a big ball spot. Charles Alpheris has been designing and supplying her systems to people with lots of money. No money in between for more than 35 years because it had no price. Can you get a better look and piece than Charlie's natural airline system? The most critical area of any her system is that airline and Charlie's new skin like her system looks so great that it's 100% unpredictable. So you got a lot of choices out there and pop those pills. Like rush and nothing's going to happen. You might even get a good sick. Or you can like go and get one of the muskest to put on your head. So good or get some extra like sand Donaldson has or the best idea is it Charles Alpheris natural airline system. You got nothing lose what you're ugly balls spot because Charlie gives it this fantastic 30 day guarantee. Not 30 man. Where the system for a month and after a month you don't love the way listen feels. If you're not getting molested by school teacher Charlie returned and just returned it for a full refund to Charles Alpheris. So if you'd like to look better when younger than you ever thought you could again. Just given that toll free card again, nothing lose like I said. But that ugly oozing ball spot. Call 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413. Or get more info about Charlie on his website. Charles Alpheris.com. My name is Michael. Call 1-6256. Three years old yours. Oh, I'm happy to win. Again. You still have to make fun of me, kid. You've got to fight, you make the naked human pyramid. I think it's done like this. What's this, it's all the blackies? You're always telling me you just have to make me feel free to let me get a promo for you. Oh, we don't win. They made the difference, we don't win. But we're not gonna die. Back home. Don't you want to stay with me, you'll get me to bed. Round up. We've got to watch and do a flip. Round up, fail. We might not be doing a big flip. Round up, fail. Back home. Hell. It's down there, children. At the 560 WCQAM, here's a normal response to my email. Thank you for answering. Whenever you typically make a comment like that on the air, it's not me who sees dollar signs, but Greg Reed who inevitably calls me out of the blue. And I asked me to have lunch at his Japanese restaurant. He's been serving you more years with less incentives and promises that he won't keep. Well, put Norma. By the way, the gateway theater was sold out 12 consecutive showings of Furnit and I'm living from Pride evening to Monday. Says Norma. Thanks Norma. Be well. As I was happy for the Jew lie. I mean, why would anybody share them understand about people that want to work forever? And you'll be pleased to know Norma that Greg actually poked his head into this morning and told Josh, tell me your congratulations on a great trend in the runout. That's what he went down. Yeah. No, it was you didn't have any verbal intercourse, you didn't have like a high-fiving. No, he gave me a thumbs up. Really? Up where? Back to him? Yeah. And that was it? That was any second congratulations that you're going to good job. You know something see that's perfect. That's exactly the amount of interplay that I need with Greg Reed Benjamin Reed. That's exactly what I know Greg Reed Benjamin Reed out. Whatever this guy's been laying there. That's it. That's all we need. I'm like, once a year, hey, nice job. Keep it up. That's it. Get out of my face, Greg. Go away. Go get a haircut. Put it that way, Greg. Couldn't I, don't know without you tomorrow, I'll be the maybe one of the most fantastic polls and I appreciate it again. I just can't get over how it's through by him. See that to me is one of the biggest pains in the ass of doing the show. In fact, it's the only pain in the ass of doing the show is having to come up with a different pull idea every day. I'm thinking maybe what Eric ought to do since he's got so little loobies this. Another Josh, he's doing all of the hard work, including the behind-the-be curtain ladies. He could like maybe email me or facts me a bunch of the old polls from back in the beginning, like five years ago when we started doing polls, four or five years, whatever was. But do you think that's a good idea? Yeah. Because by now most of the audiences you different got that we did those polls, or maybe they croaked or maybe they moved away or they're Alzheimer's kicked in, and probably I forgot them too. Because it's getting easy. Do you want to say? Oh yeah. I mean, trying to figure something every day that we had. I mean, anybody can go online and see the usual treat polls, or we do the, the curriggins, brief poll once in a while, which is fine, but I mean, you don't want to overdo that. You see some of the most stupid polls that they take on CNN and the newspaper is just a kitty crack. You know, it's Kaka. Who'd I love Kaka? So anyway, the biggest group Greg we'd ever made a QM or so many. He really had Joe Rose participate in it. What's your take on the Tampa School Teacher we had sex with at 40 year old students? That's our pool question. If you find that expression, 120, can I say that? No. 120 says votes. I'm jealous, 43. Especially if they saw the picture, right? Oh yeah. She looks just fine. The cousin's going to be shot for a squealing 41. She's a crazy bitch with very hot. Look how many votes that's got. Fry her ass seven and a no big deal five out of 120 six. No big deal. But like I said yesterday, if it would have been a male teacher and she would have been with a 50 year old male student or 14 whatever it was, then you'd have seen lots of gunshots all right. Right? This would have been a lot more serious. This would have been heavy, heavy duty and Joe Rose wouldn't be sitting there saying, wow, you know, whatever he was saying, I heard it. That job crap. See this whole job, Kaka, see man, and I love Joe. I'm so ecstatic. He's the only lead and I've had in years with all the respect. Who isn't going to lose the license? I emphasized that part, okay? The only lead and we've ever had. I'm mistaken who isn't going to lose the license or lose the whole audience. You're not just not going to lose it. Nice job in a book again, Joe. You're kicking ass. But all the jobs they seem to have this mentality where they're, you know, so predictable, mad dog, the little dog, the big dog, it's like the thing that he, the masters. Remember that big deal? Yep. The woman who wanted to crash the party at the masters in Augusta. And everybody on this station from mode to the Humper to Gueldi Unim, ah, he said, yes, the bunch of dice that wanted crash to party. I'm guaranteed a lot of it Tiger Woods. If we wouldn't have had a lealder, was he the first black I'd have lived in there? I think so, yeah. That's him. About a second years, see I can't even stand golf, but I know a little bit about it. I could even tell you about Roberto Diva Sanzo. Huh? When I was a little kid, there used to be a show on TV called Championship Golf. And of course back in the day, we didn't have 80s in in table channels and all those choices. It was on a weekend. And I used to watch it. I don't know why. And of course it was all edited down with filmed, wasn't live. I didn't have these long pauses, and they were all just walking along the fairway. And all the whispering, and I was, it was a, it's a, it's a, but I watched it. Because it was there. Let's see, this is the kids cousin should not be shot. You should have Luke and Brassie, pay him a little visit. Luke, I sleep so the fishes by the way, case you have an notice, it says, you're silly and message. Too much sound on my head was done by sticks. Now you tell me I'm probably dressed for forgetting, because I played that on Zeta. Obviously we were by the way, Casinova. Somebody I know had a lot of different numbers on Zeta that you ever had on Aaron. Even Rick and ticker, whatever their name is on there now, Lincoln's stick or whatever the name is. There are doing it. Bigger numbers on Zeta than Pauli and Young Ron. That is really embarrassing, okay? There are deficiencies that being spotted, like somebody's trying to knock you on, just flash light. Right on there are deficiencies right now. I just six before your time, Zach? Uh, it's right about my time. Yeah, a little bit, maybe a little before. But what kind of guy like you doesn't like sticks? Everybody likes sticks. I love sticks. They're great band. Yeah. He likes sticks and look rich. Red, only red like rich. I don't like black. I hate man. I mean, I outgrew that as a child, you know? Literature, it's one of those things you eat as a kid. Then he said, oh man. I'm still a kid. Because being a fat-old diabetic like I am, I was going to say it again. If I'm going to cheat, need something bad for me, which I do all the time of course. But I'm not going to eat something like that. Don't you understand? Being in the shape that you're in, the condition at your end. You're also a pretty dangerous. If you're going to eat some crap, eat some good crap. Like what do you even write now? What do you even think they brought in? Are you eating burgers with a bun? No, no, they brought in. I had some ribs and some chicken wings. Well, that's good. That's okay. I like that, can? Yeah. I'm on the actin side today. For an hour or two? Yeah. Then I'll... Like me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. W.K.A. and, hello. I want to speak to Neil? Speaking. Hey, what are you doing there? Pretty good. Um, wanted to ask you, can you put a picture of that part up on your website? Um, I'm trying to think where I saw it, but I'm sure Eric and work on it. We can find one of those stories that's got her picture under it. Haven't seen her yet? No, I was on the internet, but I couldn't find her. Pretty damn hot, man. I'll tell you right now. You'll find her. Can we add something else to the pool? Sure, go ahead. Um, I'd love to do her no matter what. I'm just saying, ha ha ha ha. Okay. Okay. Why would we just put an another category? I'll do her at any age. Right? I would do her at any age. How's that? Me and my word. Do her. I have worse for her of them. I have it. I'm like, you know, we'll find a picture of her somewhere. Saw several pictures, but have my Alzheimer's cooking again. I can't recall exactly where. Also, I looked at creators indicate we got links to Molly Ivyn's both her columns. Forward to start hologram and the creator sent a gift. I don't see any new column there about religion or nothing like that. Her last column that I see was the one about a few of the world and what all these things. So if somebody else has got it, fact it along, or maybe the guy just did dream to you. Or maybe it was by Marine Dowder or got only knows. 26 past noon and look at this, let us segue into the Atkins die. Do you like the West Boca? A lot of people on those low carb diets now and it working for a lot of people too. Atkins die, be sure for buses. Any low carb sugar-free die will only be better when you go to the West Boca. They've helped thousands of low carb batteries just like you achieved their weight loss because today's shopping for the right low carb products has become more and more difficult because everybody in the brother claims just about everything is low carb now, forget about it. Most of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves will not help you lose weight. Some will even make you a gain weight. So don't sabotage your weight loss goals, come into the Lysowest Boca and they'll help you stay on the right track with hundreds of delicious low carb products. Have some things with some great taste and you can try anything in the store before you buy it too. The staff at the Lysowest low carb dieting, like nobody else because they've been selling this stuff for years. And they're often daily until 10 o'clock at night. Don't forget their guaranteed lowest prices policy on the Lysowest Boca will not be able to sold you a lot of the North East corner of Glades in the 441. Right next to Boston Market or column full free at 1-877 low carb LOWed WCARB or on a web at slowcarb.com. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I found this op. I found my stuffled blood. I found you. Just that'sio. It probably took me six and I had to switch to the next part of the IP. He did a lot of antiviral shock and air pressure from the 2004 MDF. I need to move down. Yes . And I've opened up the button, there's the hopper on there. He's a Hebrew hammer. And he's talking about the fact that he's the chairman this year of the American Kansas Society fundraising drive. And he's promoting, that's why he left early yesterday. And he was on until only 5.30 because he had some kind of a benefit thing he was doing for charity. But see, nobody tells me of these things. I also be stake in people for donating and stake in a people in the station who've donated. Did anybody ever ask me? See, I made a comment last week and I stayed by the comment. I don't like the American Kansas Society. And years ago when I was doing topic cited shows on him. And I think that they've wasted enormous amount of money. Much of which goes to bureaucratic waste and crap. But nevertheless, since Hank is donated to every cause I've ever been involved. And always come up with nice big fat check. I would have been delighted to write a check. You know what I'm saying? The fact is that you over-shy with all the info on it. What does that mean? Just like the whole thing that he's doing. But how long is it going to go on? Happy to me, all I'm going to check. It begins on 22nd. Right. The sheer of jail and bail was held on June 22nd to the 25th. Yeah. That's it. I'll actually over this whole sheet. Does everything that Hank's doing for it. Okay, well, I'll look at that. But if you see him or I'd like to find out because I'd be more happy to write a check. Even though I don't like the charity. That's, you know, if it's doing something he believes in. And I didn't even know that he was the whatever. The chairman. I like Dave Hager. Yeah, that's where the checks go today. Because I just, it's humiliating and degrading to me. But again, nobody tells anybody anything. You know, Mom comes in here in a morning, but I'm going to be quite a bit worried about whether he's, you know, he's job is safe and whether I'm going to be around and I'm going to help you. Because that's basically what that all that bull crappies all about. Josh knows he hears it every day. He's always not supposed to hear it. Well, Josh keeps George, a duck kicks Josh and the George out of the room so we can whisper to me things that everybody else knows. Everybody else knows about like Joe Rose not the Analyze. And then I find out that Kelly was talking about it all morning before this my show on the year. And there was a very jackass is common that he before, you know, but, but all that crap, just very sad. But no, but other than that, important stuff that will make us like a little more cohesive, like a real radio station, I had nobody tells me anything like that. Craig, that's part of the way Greg, we run a joint. My Ivan's working for change will all be done. Where did this come from? A fan creator, Syndicate, I don't know if somebody must have found us somewhere because I looked on creative Syndicate on her website there today, didn't find it. But this is great. Thank you so much. And knowing how much I love Molly Evans, I'm going to read it cool. How do you like that? This is a fall three pages are coming. Are they all coming? Yeah, it should be. Pretty long though. I'll read it anyway because if it's not good religion, all I can say is, Oh, rock, thank God. Oh, good. Well, time we have somebody with some balls. Molly Evans, he's got a big pair. She says walking or just talking, fan, family, values, crowd, drags, God, into the mud of partisan politics. She says, when a commissar religion I've always believed it's more important to walk to walk to talk. I come from a tradition of history, but considers it rather in bad taste to where you're religion on your sleeve, presumably from Matthew chapter 6 verses 5 and 6. They went out prayers, they were shall not be as the hypocrites are, for they loved to pray standing in synagogue in the corners of the streets that they may be seen of men. Verily I say in the view, they have their reward, but thou will not pray as, and rid of thy closet. And when thou has shut thy door, pray to thy father, which is in secret, and thy father, which seeeth in secret shall reward thee openly. Of course, I also had some dampest input and so on, thought of making joyful noise under the Lord. Texans even like to sing hymns around campfires while drinking beer, I'm not sure if that counts. A long roll learned a shy away from the stink of sanctum one, we're all familiar with the pious, pious, pious, tistic hypocrites in spiritual humbugs wearing dog collars. I doubt the clergy is more afflicted with cany Pharisees than the legal profession is with sleazy chisels, but neither time is exactly where. When you throw politics into the religious mix or vice force, it gets a real beauty in the hypocrisy department. Just to take a recap example, Jack Ryan of Illinois, the one who headed rapist came pain for the senate after his divorce papers revealed he had forces wife to go to sex sub to them was one of the family values crowd who opposes game marriage because it's such a threat to the institution. Please, and although Bill Clinton was too polite to mention in his book, quite a remarkable number of Republican leaders who were held in on impeaching Emperor's folly were themselves a adulterers. Back in the 1950s when the late representative Bob Eckhart was still in the Texas legislature, of Bill the Caraf all stayed to illegitimate children was under debate. After listening to some of his Christian colleagues explained by illegitimate children to be less to star, Eckhart rose and said, I'm not so much concerned about the natural boundaries as I'm about the self-made ones. I consider that one of the most Christian things I've ever heard said during legislative debate. I sometimes think we've gotten ourselves into a pointless argument in this country as we rather often do by exaggerating these streams, we're not faced with a twist between imposing some Christian views of version of Sharia law on the one hand or driving religion out of the public square all together on the other. Two hundred years of not terribly rigid separation of church and state is given as one precious gift. As a quote attributed to James Madison, never been able to find a correct citation of it, the purpose of separation of church and status to keep forever from these shores, these ceaseless strife that a soak fissural of Europe with blood for centuries, religious strife is still soaking the soil of blood as nittent, post-of-o-noseware, to the extent that politics should be based on moral and ethical considerations. Of course it is religious foundations, but dragging God into partisan politics is in my view a sin. Is it Christian to cut money for head start? Is it Christian to cut poor children off health care? Is it Christian to cut old people off Medicare? Is it Christian to write Nemo's justifying torture? Is it Christian to cut after school in Christian and AIDS programs? So, multi-millionaires can have bigger tax cuts? Historically, the Bible has been used to justify some stupifying crimes including slavery and genocide. I see no indication of where any better defining words intent now than we ever were. As regular readers know, I call upon the Lord rather frequently myself often for patience and dealing with those who presume to speak his name. To whatever extent each of us is affected by what is as supposed we inevitably bring that into our late public sphere, but I seriously questioned the wisdom of doing so in any organized or deliberate fashion, dragged God into politics and you ruin his reputation in no time. Again, this may be a matter of taste, but I've seen too many som singing Bible quoting Holy Joe Hippocrates in politics to think these frauds improve the moral tone of our public life. Getting snuckered by some canting humbug is even more depressing than getting snuckered by a played old crook. Beware those who make the show are afraid of their piety, keep watching for the ones who walk the walk. Pretty good call by Molly Arvin, thanks for oversupposing and thank you to very, very much. 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 7 Love its tempo<|pt|><|pt|><|pt|>! Mechanner had 10. There's much more fatness than it'll say! 3 2 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 5 1 2 1 1 2 3 2 1 1 1 4 1 2 1 2 1 not really did. be a deal said. Sorry Robert. Can't do it like he does. 12 30. One moment please. Yeah, if I was ahead of myself I was sure if I would have slept kind of a regular time 12 30. I would have just left it ahead of handy but I'm not. I'm just off my feet. Sorry, I apologize. And I've had a one thing, no apologies from dry concerts because they don't play any games with a business rule up there. It's been going back to an fantastic job of making even the nastiest, smelly as rotten as living carpeting. It looked just like brand new. In fact, it probably sent me out there way to give up on your purpose and figure it's time to spend a lot of money for brand new. Forget about that. Dry concerts like I said will do a miracle right there on your floor. They dry clean your carpets like dry clean your clothing. They suck out even the deep down dirt way in there and the five is your carpet. Beware those guys who have the 595 room scans left of the job is then say, oh, I got that news for it's a lot more than we thought it's going to be extra Y and Z. And dry concerts give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they serve the job. And dry concerts uses a rapid drying technique so your carpets are grinding an hour and a half two hours at the most who really can't clean today and retain that when they finish your carpets look brand new smell of many fresh too. With over 20 years, it continued with service in town. Dry concerts is the only name you ought to be thinking about what it comes to carpet and home sanitizing. And if you mention that you want to be put on your stand by list, they can save an extra 15% out there guarantee you already low price. Who like I've been doing for over 20 years call the carpet cleaning experts and dry concerts they will never let you down. Call them full free from date rout in the Palm Beach is called 100 248 5071 that's 100 248 5071 or online it's dryconcepts.com. I'm going to change the faces for Australia because now I'm the voice of the dancers and I'm the essence of modern radio. Oh boy, yeah! I just like to do he like it. Talk to the same three qualities about sports and sports and and sport. I even got lots of hilarious comedy things. Talk to the children, talk to the kids. Talk to the kids. Take that note. Tell them to start that on this time out with my old two-cell and I was inspired to watch them. Now you're a defun, you can't hit me no more. Thank you for hitting me, you know. I'm the radio, you know. Oh, hi, my. Maybe I was a little out of line. The things I said like that. Yeah, it was and I'm not dead. You're right now, and it is all fitness. That thing fat old guy they stuck me with kisses me like they used to do but he's not you. That tells me you make me almost want to come back with you. Healthy. Yes, but they my life was filled with joy. Healthy. And now what stuck with a beloved mother before you, your life is like picking a boy. I miss how you talk like a boy. That's healthy. Yes, but hold you. I miss you. Hey, I hate anymore. behavior. yes, what say? What do I need? You see him a better chance. Prop 47 at 5.60 WDQ, I'm such peanut butter and jelly stealer. I was the most back this morning from his illness, I guess he was. He was? Didn't hear a dinnare minute of it. Maybe that's why I'm off my feed. Didn't get my daily dose of mal. Okay, yeah. Hey, that player of the school teachers up. Is this already up? All right, good as we have to steal from the schmitmized, because somebody facts and cities got pictures. I just wanted that touch mitt of website. That is the worst piece of crap website. Man is everything boring. Plus I couldn't find no pictures. Okay, let me take a few of and see if she doesn't have any other kind of videos. I did. What a stupid question. And? Very nice. Would you do her? I would. Me too. Well, the picture on her right there, I'm never afraid. She's a little, uh, but no makeup and she's looking like she just got feeded on her by, you know, somebody. I'm talking about somebody. I'm talking about somebody. I'm talking about somebody. I'm talking about somebody. Some ball from player. Some 14 year old school boy. Or by some 15 year old kid whose brother has been a doer. Uh, devil in the picture of lunch. He looks okay now. Let's see. Oh, there's just the two of them, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, she's fine. I mean, neither one of those is a, I've seen much better pictures of her than that. Yeah. But the one on the left, she looks just fine. In fact, maybe one of these days will find a naked picture of Deborah and put her behind a baby curtain. But this may only have to be over the age of hundreds because it's only a headshot if I can say that. Can I say it? No. It's only a shot. What I made any worse because when you go like it's only a shot, they're kind of in something else in there. But even worse. Oh, yeah. Anyway, suddenly, Gill and Homestead generally, Gill, you're just a wonderful guy but your faxes are just out of control. He says talking about the teacher. True story when I was in middle school, I'd be pulled from class one time a week for speech therapy. This is Stuttermine Gill. I had a hot-chimicking therapist who was sitting in front of me in the Indian style with a skirt on. I was so young, I didn't know how to act or what to do. What I make a story short, she terminated her session because he said I wasn't getting any better. I tried to find her after high school but she didn't work for the school system. I wanted to tell her that she made me real uncomfortable back then but maybe we can continue my therapy lessons now. Man that I blow a chance of a lifetime since Stuttermine Gill and Homestead. I didn't like that. Maybe that's where he started this sort of because he was sitting in the Indian style in front of me on the floor for however it was. Or on the table, whatever she was doing. With her legs kind of like spread, five six seven, five six, the pound, five six, the only 18, 10, Verizon wireless line. Last minute of flight squared, a lot of people really pissed off and fired up about that. Thanks for fascinated at Stuttermine again the Amali Islands column again. I guess you liked it so much so I could be affected to me again. Yeah just in case you didn't get the first time. Okay so I left any words out of the first time. I wanted to make sure you know. Wait a minute, here's another site. This is the photographer who took wedding pictures at the Tampa High School of Teachers wedding. Holy moly, an amazing house stuffed as spreads like wildfire on the wicked web. Then he says, I wish I had teachers like this when I was a teenager. Holy moly is what he said. Oh right. It's Brian Adams photo dot com. After Brian Adams you're thinking of a corset. What are things? Brian Adams photo dot com. Maybe you want to check that out while I'm traveling here. Okay. Maybe Eric would like to check that out. If we got some other pictures. Okay. If we can have a whole gallery of pictures of Deborah Lafay. I wonder she's related to Sylvan Lafay. We used to play defense for the weeks. Last minute, a flight screen of the people are very angry about this already ended by I'm heading rule changes. The little thing traveled to Cuba. Scorses of people fell doubly mystery to the estimate. Even they were turned away from their schedule of flights. And by any international airport where the uh... Grab goes on. With stricter regulations on travel to Cuba taking effect today. Many have been looking to beat the deadline by flying there with Dave earlier. But it turned out that the charter airlines that sold them their tickets had not been authorized to do so by the city permanent. And even where the flights out the rise to take off. It sounds like some of our trips to Ovegas would bob by whatever his name was. The hopeful travelers paid up and packed for reducing instead the lining up at MIA in Chanting, we want to fly the AP reported. We want to fly. Let us in. We want to fly. Probably they would have flown to play themselves if they got aboard. Got a bit of time. State Department spokesman Tom Casey said a great at Americans currently visiting Cuba and are sent in till the July 31st for return since the original June 3rd deadline. But it made it difficult for everyone to get back in time. See this is so sad and so silly and so pathetic. Credit say the new policy will only hurt people in need for a Hay Luis Rodriguez. George Rodriguez was among the passengers stranded at the airport. How do you like that for a Hay Luis Rodriguez not ours George though. He says the whole world can travel to their countries whenever they want but we can't. He told the AP's adding that he was trying to visit his sick mother 81 who lives outside of Anna. We know that our George because he certainly wouldn't be going to Cuba to visit his mother if she were there. Even being in Miami he ain't going to go visit her. For supporters of the new rules the concerns of businesses and some members of the ASOC community are outweighed by the well-being of the majority. What we're talking about is freedom for 12 million Cubans not for an A.L. who can afford to travel there. Sid and Naska put as Crestello on of the Cuban Liberty Council in ex-Ogrup in Miami. See as soon as it says ex-Ogrup in Miami and what we're talking about. Cools. 11 of the 165 schedule leave in Miami for Cuba and Tuesday did so with our passengers and had state Department approval not only to break people back to the US Air Force for Civilman in some Kimfield, the AP. But I don't know what that means. So that he writes down here in person international airport, how to board a plane in the daytime here, Canada. Take your right to Cuba. Ready to go? Let's do it. No. The cost of bushes were this back between abandoned people in the nation. You're going to start doing some reading here. I've been, you know, I don't want to let you guys down like you're eating. And do you finish all the food? Almost. Ribs? Almost. Chicken? I thought we said it were burgers too. No, no burgers. We put it on the kitchen after we made our plates and I heard it's all gone. After Josh had his plate and you had your four? Yes. Actually, a chocolate upman like you was the greatest last meal I've ever eaten. One thing about that place man, you said some food out in the hallway. Like a bunch of rats invaded, it'll disappear fast and you even say crispy cream. Oh, I think it was all of our power 96 bodies that ate all of the food. All of our power 96 bodies means the one that don't speak to us because we're on AM and we're like low life. Yes. That crowd will screw them. We like kid courier ladies. A great guy is a real broadcast to which he's very unusual in this company. Other than that, is there anybody else we like in power 96? No. Oh, not come on your must be. What's the guy in the morning? How'll be silk? Yeah. He's a good guy, I like how'll be. I never made him, but the Georgie always speaks highly of him, in George Hates everybody. So George likes and he must be okay. I'll be in about what's his name there in the afternoon. Did you get less? Yeah, he's a-loss. What about him? He's okay. Shall we throw a free tree? No, you're no? No. Oh, really? No. Another good reason for me not to be there, right? Yes. Well, thank you so much. Yes. I'm just delighted. Well, thank you so much. Yes, I'm just delighted. Invite away Norma. Just as an attendant of that business about to, I want to extend the contract. Do I need to hear about Craig Reed? The answer to it, no, because everything is just so fine now. Okay, and yes, regulations a lot. Any awards, people, they doesn't hold meetings, and he makes promises that he breaks any picture hand, and looks at you and he doesn't tell you much of crap. But nevertheless, inspite him. Everything is turned out just fine. Do you know what I mean? Oh, yeah. Life is sweet. Check sure off on time. I'm there whenever it'll help. I feel like it. I'm here most of the time. It's sunny in 73 degrees low humidity right now outside. I'm checking my city pulse. Whether just in case Paul Casinova's lost in, I lost it up there down the Toronto weather. It's just beauty is baby. It's just, oh, we're fine. Fine. I don't have time to read this thing. I'll see. I'll back myself into a corner. Okay, quick peek into pole. Don't forget we got Curtis Stevenson from Eddog. I think Curtis is a good job on the year. Don't you? Yeah, he's good. I like that. They're hanging up. They've haked his good on the year. Curtis Stevenson. And then the thing that Muff has me should he put on. There's a guy thing. Or Curtis. I mean, that's an old brainer, right? Automatic? Yes. Anybody who has to think about that more than like two, three seconds is like a tiny way. Why do you want to go? We're sports when you apply CC's to a QAM. Okay, this guy's around. When I'm up in Bok and take a slap in all the one that would paint their lips around the pole. I listen to the old Rogers one or two. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the new Rogers. I just hear an balanced one or two hours. What a blah blah blah blah blah. Father gravy. There's a place to be. Great. Suddenly, so life for me. Bonus, gross, so few. We're set worldwide. You might end up doing one of those naked piles. No, no, no, no. Get your skin out to bed. I'm a terrible man. So stay. I don't want them to get that out of you. Now you said that a criminal thing goes on. I will go show them. Oh, no. No, no. No, no. I'm a terrible man. I'm a terrible man. I'm a terrible man. I'm a terrible man. Oh, no, no. I'm a terrible man. Oh, no. What a clock at five, six, you've got to be a QIM. Don't be looking at that website. OK, but you can look at it. Brian and I installed a lot of combo. We can't use any of the pictures because in big red letters on the top, it says no permissions than granted to reproduce any of the media we're adding. I said, like, yeah, we saw the designer. So I know if you actually see the wedding pictures. So some picture that might have been, were, were, were, some hints that could be her, but it might be anyone. Right. Any blonde that put on the first week, we can't use them anyway. So my suggestion is, let's go about it. That's it. That's normal. Let's see, here's a, or your group demands audit of voting machines. This is some good news. Not that it might, do well and never know. Don't be negative. Governor, Jeff Bush, it increased voter confidence by calling photos legislature in the special session toward an independent auto base state's voting system. A group of self-adjusted, yesterday. Absolutely. This is in the attempt of tribune. Your organization, which causes self-domemami data lesson reform coalition was audits of all touchscreen electronic voting machines used in 15 court of counties during the August 31st primary. By the way, speaking of voting, guess how they do it here in Canada? They do it. Paper ballot. Wow. Mark the choice with an extra whatever they do with a check, whatever they, no, no punches, no chads, no hangings, hands. Paper ballot. Do they have any irregularities? Are any problems? They're a couple of pulling places open a little bit late, but any problem? No. No. I didn't like that. And it works just fine. The old fashioned way would actually paper ballot, so it got something to hang onto. There's something tangible, a paper record. As opposed to just a computerized screen that they can put in, they can program for anything they want. Just ask Josh there, Mr. Computer expert, he'll tell you. Am I right? That's right. The other 52 counties used optical scan machines in which voters mark a box on a paper ballot, which is then read by a machine. He can need to be the leader of an election reformer. It can stick his head in the sand and do nothing. If I think the stick is head in the back door, he's body ought to do. Your governor. The group wants to be sure the machines record the touchscreen vote tabulated accurately and produce a paper report showing what happened. What happened? Secretary of State Glenda in the hood doesn't share the groups concerned. She says, and might say, here that's you again, and you want to give yourself to new depends? Maybe a lawyer can't stop some extras. Our state has the most rigorous certification process in the country. And this is the most secure and accurate technology available at hood study yesterday. Well, organizations said that to be road voter confidence they do with this service to the constituents of Florida who should feel nothing but confidence that they're both so be counted. All my government candidates on the show are on the hood. Let it in the hood. I can just see right now. Get that old low right off the air. Then in the hood, she is a panic. I got to read that last sentence again. The voters of Florida should feel nothing but confident that their votes will be counted. That is a panic. Aren't you confident? Oh, very now. I have no doubts. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, all the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line, Debra LaFave, your stars, we'd art. What's your take on the Tampa school teacher who had sex with a 14 year old student? 250 votes, not too shabby. She lived in like that first pool and I was lame. You can feel it in smell it. I'm jealous 112 guys said they're jealous. She's a crazy bitch but very hot 73. The cousin should be shot for squiling 69. I think they make that up either. I'll do it any age 33, that's moving up fast. I'll fry her last 16 and no big deal say it doesn't. So don't seem like people are really whipped up into a frenzy. I want to let you in there and just throw her in the slimer for years and years and years. She did a terrible thing. Right? Of course I was horny. She's having problems with her. Even though she's having problems at home, she's up at Orlando with a kid taking into that ball game or whatever it was. And she steps to buy her husband a gift and I pod. And I pod no less. That was thoughtful, right? Very nice of her. Right. So she's maybe messing with a kid's eye pod. But now she's bi or husband and eye pod just to kind of like even things out. See if we can really say eye pod. I like that. Oh, we're flying. So far. WQAM Hello. And we're trying to do less. QAM. It's all right. Very nice of her. Oh. So she's maybe going to stop there. We don't have time to do it around. High paid children don't have time to wait and for you to get your brains unscrabble. 567.056.056. On the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM Hello. Okay. QAM. QAM. Oh. No. No. That's your introduction to Crazy Ron. Nice. Who didn't even say. Hey. Didn't even say that. First time in a week. So I guess I'd run out for the holidays. That must be it. WQAM Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Gonna start for a for you. Okay. And we tell you Mr. Ashcroft was in Miami yesterday eating in a little Cuban restaurant on A Street. No. And they all the good stuff out there garden of roads. Nobody could throw any tomatoes at him. We didn't have Connie there to make him some canolis. Yeah. I also got an idea from Mr. Paul. Yes sir. We can decide on what head and we can go to. We can go to capital Kevin with the harps and wings or the mobs and having with 72 Virgins. Okay. You know what they're going to pick. No. No. No. No. That's correct. All right. Neil. Thanks a lot. The cost of Bush's war rights continue to van in Hulley editor of the nation. She says the Bush administration and a stealthy move design and minimize anticipated Insurgent attacks. Two days early headed sovereignty to Iraq's interim government. Two days before Ben Skidsel do so on June 30th. The premature hand off of a woman be called a sovereignty scan means that the Bush teams PR offensive is certainly kicking the high gear in the coming weeks. When Bush learned that Paul Bremer had formally relinquished his authority to the Iraqi government, he headed an orullian touch to a handwritten note that his national security adviser, Condy Rice had just sent him. His notes said, let's freedom reign. Now more than in any tense in Bush invaded Iraq journalist need to give Americans a clear assessment of the amount he cost of this war. This is a great opportunity for the media to be deem itself for malpractice in the run up to war when his Washington Post ambits been Michael Gettler wrote this month on the toughy duke through his own paper. And the larger media world, the press is a hold and not to a very good job in challenging administration claims too many public events in which alternative views were expressed with their missed underrated or fully displayed. The cost are now detailing reports released by the Institute for Policy Studies and Foreign Policy and Focus. It is an extraordinary compilation of the mounting human economic environmental security and of the cost of this war of choice. In human terms, 700 US servicemen and women have died since Bush declared the end of major combat in a combat and is infamous mission accomplished speech in May 2003 on more than 5,000 soldiers have been wounded since the war began. Many of them as Michael Moore documents in his provocative new movie have lost arms and legs. The cost of Iraqi people has also been tragic. Up to 11,000 travel 17 Iraqi civilians have died the conflict so far. Many of them children who is only crammed to be cut living in the middle of a war zone. In financial terms, the cost of the American taxpayer are massive. The US has already spent $126 billion on the war costing every American family. Approximately $3400 each. As the campaign for America's future recently pointed out, this administration has sought it to hardworking families on two fronts. Bush passed his massive tax cuts that give a huge tax break to the wealthys and individuals and corporations and then many went to war. He asked the same working in middle-class families who wore the part of the tax cuts to pay for the conflict. Meanwhile, companies like Halibut are making a mint in Iraq after receiving no big contract from the federal government. A movie port by Christian A and an unprofit group that seeks solutions to poverty makes clear who's been the real beneficiary of the invasion in the occupation. It shows that the majority of Iraq's reconstruction projects have been awarded to US companies with charged up to 10 times more than Iraqi firms. By the end of 2004, according to the report, Bush will have spent approximately $151 billion to wages crusade in Iraq. That money could have paid for 23 million housing vouchers for foreign working-class Americans and given America's elementary school kids 3 million new teachers. It could have provided healthcare for 27 million uninsured Americans and allowed 20 million more children to enter the head start program. For Indians alone, we'll have to share our almost $8 billion to pay for WSW in Iraq. Meanwhile, the Bush team is right in Florida only half that amount for initiatives in such vital areas as education and environmental protection and community block grants in a state where 19% of the children currently live below the poverty line. If there's any good news that Americans have had long last recognizing that this present is unworthy and dishonest, untrustworthy. Today, the latest New York Times CBS poll is released showing that Bush has traveled for a rating as far into the lowest point of his presidency, all the most recent Washington Post ABC News poll show that by March in the 52 to 39%, carry a series more honest and trustworthy. And just last week, a CNN USA that they gallop pulled off that a majority of Americans for the first time believe that a man that invading Iraq was a mistake. More and more Americans are understanding that the country is paying a very high price for this war and occupation, and this war personhood went both Congress and the people into. As long as country is always, he's okay in my book. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Good. You're always, I was thinking. Reverend Jones to me. You call it as an order. Okay. This war in Iraq is in administration's policy. Does it seem like it's very similar to the war on drugs? I mean, you know, like the bash trucks attitude toward the hatred act and- Now, I'll take the way it's mostly based on the very similar to the war on drugs. It's all based on a pack of lies. That's what it's all about. Pack of lies. They lie like crazy. Let's bring back River madness, what do you say, huh? Reefer? Yeah, Reefer madness. No, not Reefer. Just Reefer madness. Oh. I told my tank up. I was I know I'd be helping finance 911 by giving money to unit cattle, or abacol and the carl. I don't know. I've tuned my lights on that side. I was I didn't know I'd be in jail to take this great things. I mean, two kids a day. How was I to buy was providing back water to the Middle East? Well, does that make some man I can't see? Every time I don't know I'm on a cigarettes. You're helping to finance Ryan and all the awards. And breaking the law, they stutter the old movie Reefer madness. Let it go, go, go. Is the scared gift of old man, guys? I just want to be for joint? Now I'm white man, you know. For now I'm just a kid. I'm just a kid. I'm just a kid. I'm just a kid. This is a 6-day poor by the company to keep him working in the dark areas. And I've paid a lot of great job. From that, it's after 1-5, 60 WDQM. Are you sick and tired? You're PC being attacked by browser pop up windows. Being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and co-workers? The easiest way to deal with these buses is get you a Macintosh from MacCenter. The Apple specialist in for a lot of deal. The Macintosh is built on an entirely different basis than Windows. So all those PC tests just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at MacCenter can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac with thousands of programs of a low-tooling ones you're already used to like Microsoft Word and Excel. It'll even take you all computer is betrayed in. So make the change today by calling the MacCenter at 9-5-4-4-8-6-5-500. You will get a better deal on your Mac or iPad any place else in South Florida. Because MacCenter is dumb with a 5% reband and every purchase. You see devil would have saved some cash if you'd have on the MacCenter on the iPad. Come in before June 30, as a likes today. So I guess if you hop in your day you can still register to win the hard to find iPad mini. That's the MacCenter on Commercial Boulevard Call at 9-5-4-4-8-6-5-500. And don't forget to mention in the sales of Reckton savings too, at the MacCenter. No, no, no, no, no. It's just a surreal sight you see. Revings in a less book than the MacCenter. Yeah, I know it's not easy. Sure, good possibly be a source. When you're back, you're gonna wake up on a low-point, and you don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know, don't know. I got enough my gotta think about a top I get in rate, and then I don't see the rating that my mistake. Don't care when you don't understand that stupid guy, I wake a little hot, I want to get you off. And it's just guts to go. That's a lot of reproduces in old. That's right, watch it back. You won't wake from old, don't know, don't know, don't know. That's your guy's back, you won't wake from old, don't know. You won't wake from old, don't know. Well, brother, that's my bottom of this thing. Are you kidding me? From a truck, I do the bullfielder. Just in that much of it, I'm rating some of your. You just might click in it for your fault. And it's straight to your flat ass out. That's right, that's right. You won't wake from old, don't know. You won't wake from old, don't know. That's right, that's right. That's right, that's right. You won't wake from old, don't know. That's right, that's right. You won't wake from old, don't know. You won't wake from old, don't know. That's right, that's right. You won't wake from old, don't know. You won't wake from old, don't know. You're gonna stop me. I know what we're trying to do, I'm not gonna stop you. Well, 17 at 5.60, that's an honor of our good friends back there. I'm playing it a long time. No, we haven't. In fact, since Boker Brian did that, guess what? You're out. I'm done. I'll say that to Premination. Must have been, maybe those rumors swirling around the bullpen. It's an old one, Zach out. Of course, we know that's not true. We know it was a mutual understanding. We don't want to revisit any of that because I don't want to let you know. Fall back out of most good graceful. So many fashes a little bit on the heavy duty side. It's not the votes that count it, who counts the votes said Joseph Stalin. Should have standing back like that? He knew his crap. How's that pull coming, Neil? A lot of votes. Here, worked up by Tordidis was a story. How bonnet, you know what I mean? When you see it's hot, how bonnet and a story, too? 399 votes, what's your take on the Tampa School T2 at 6 with your 14 year old student? While the 15 year old brother drove in watch, he was driving it. Cousin cousin. What I said? Kiss and cousin. I'm jealous 130. She's a crazy bitch but very hot 85. Because it should be shot for squealing 80. I'll do it any age 48. This morning I passed. Fry her last 22. I know big deal 14. I've nearly farted votes already. This article for those of you who push your apologies to them, you don't think we have too many of them left. I've turned them in. They're all over with rush right now. They're popping together. They're popping some of the fussy together. But this might dismay them somewhat. And notice the media that like a big celebration already, it's the hand over the Iraqi people are free. It's self-determined all of a sudden, cram. And then yesterday the reporters were reporting directly from Iraq. We're saying nothing has really changed. It's still the same nightmare. Despite the positive responses Monday from UN Secretary General Colby and members of the Security Council of praise the US, transfer of sovereignty into an interim government in Iraq. Middle East experts at political aimless dismissive regime change in Baghdad as a monumental fraud. How do you like then? Oh my God. The truth is that Iraqi sovereignty is a chance as Rahul Mahajan publisher of the Viaginparnotes.org. What I say Viaginparnotes.org and author of full-spector, US power in Iraq and beyond. I told him a little off my feed. Do you let on never do that again? I will never sleep that extra hour, man. I'm groggy. Terri is just thinking we slept an extra hour be good? Not for you. Bad. Maybe I'll get up an hour earlier tomorrow like Bounce it out. US will keep at least 130,000 troops in Iraq augmented by about 20,000 other countries for the foreseeable future we said, 14 permanent or semi-printed military bases have been in our big construct for the house, them, said Mahajan and returned recently from a trip to Iraq. Those forces have by 11 hour edict of Paul Dremmer, complete immunity from Iraqi law in Iraqi courts yeted. The role of the new interim government in Baghdad has been reduced to advice and consultation. This is and remains the direct military occupation he told IPS. He said the level of control that the US retains is just short of full colonial administration. The interim government, headed by President of our prime minister, I.R. Alawi, will be operating under severe restrictions imposed by the outgoing coalition for regional authority. Alawi's government, which will hold office until country-wide elections are held in January next year, will not have the power of the authority to change interim constitution even amend the transitional administrator of law. Any big sign by Bremmer also gives US a much of defense contractors, completing immunity from Iraqi law. Additionally, Bremmer created an appointed and electoral commission that can ban political parties, a five-year terms of new hand-tick national security adviser and international intelligence chief and appointed inspectors general with five-year terms over every one of the 26 Iraqi government ministries. Last month, UN Special Representative in Iraq, Lackar Brahini described Bremmer's the dictator for Iraq. Nothing happens without his agreement in this country he said. At a low key ceremony in Baghdad on Monday, Bremmer transferred sovereignty to the interim government, and hand over political power to Alawi, original schedule for today, was advanced by two days primarily to take the insurgents by surprise and undermine any attempts to escalate the level of violence over the next three days. This is a historical day, Alawi told Bremmer, we feel we're capable of controlling the security situation. Bremmer left for the US and military transport plane immediately after the ceremony in Baghdad. In the statement of release Monday, on and welcome the state of Iraq back into the family of independent subordinations and speaking on behalf of the 15 members of the Security Council Ambassador Laurel Baha Junior, the Philippines, and the British and the Joe Marstonior, held an end of the Occupation of Iraq and praised the country's full sub and independent interim government. Delete Hero, a long-standing Middle East expert based in London, says the interim government is no better than the US appointed former Iraqi Governor and Council, the IGC. In the final analysis, they are beholden all of them to the US, and as was truly IGC, two-thirds of the 36 member interim government theory, foreign passports chiefly British and American. Of the remaining 12 who have only Iraqi passports, half our women, remarkably most of the former exiles of the IGC, didn't even bother to bring their families back to Iraq, say heroine, who's author of Iraq and the I of the Storm. He also pointed out that a former IGC member, Audeman Pachachee, returned to his base in Abu Dhabi with a name. Audeman is one of the most important names of the names of the women. And all these Islamic and these Muslim names are you read the men that it doesn't mean anything because they all sound the same to us. It's the same person. Audeman Pachachee returned to his base in Abu Dhabi, with a days of his failure to secure the post of prison in Iraq and the other former exiles on interim government are following the same IGC example and keeping their families abroad. This shows just how skin deep their attachment to Iraq is and how little faith they have in its future as a US dominated so-called stable democratic state. Francis Boyle, professor of international law University of Illinois says that US Secretary of State Colin Powell in a letter of the Security Council of Oregon, June said that the military forces that will make up the proposed new multinational force in Iraq that were made committed in all times to act consistently with their obligations at a law of armed conflict including the Geneva conventions. They were under if the US government wants to set up a puppet government such as the so-called interim government of Iraq, whose prime minister is a longstanding agent of the CIA. It can. Nevertheless, as the military and occupant of Iraq, the US government so-called an all-time accountable under a law of war for the activities of its puppet government Iraq said Boyle. The restrictions placed upon the authority of a president, government cannot be avoided by a system of using a puppet government central or local to carry out acts which would be unlawful of performed directly by the occupant. Acts induced a compelled by the occupant are nonetheless its acts. He also said this security council resolution adopted early June endorsing the handover of power to Iraq proves that the imperialist towers would dominate the council and are its prominent members together with their airlis are now primarily interested in carving up Iraq among themselves and looting Iraq of its oil resources along the lines of which it states a man'stucal and people of war to China. The peoples of the world are now witnessing the rapid decline of the United Nations itself along with lines of what happened in the League of Nations in the 30s can WWE 3B Farbie Heideas, oh how to press it. I like that. Doesn't sound so well-flocating, does it? Oh, I'll cut it off. Do you want another depressing and scary story? Sure. First of facetism is his, they should send liberal faith to a stark maximum security men's prison and show it on pay for you. Oh no, how about sending her to Abu Gharaib Daryigal? Little piling on is in order for Deborah? Attack Iran U.S. ordered British, U.S.T. Forded British, this is really scary. America's military commander in Iraq ordered British troops to prepare a full-scale ground offensive against Iranian forces that across the border and grabbed disputed territory, seen their officers finally disclosed. And in fact, it's almost certainly a provoked open conflict with Iran. British children instead of resolve the matter through diplomatic channels, if we had attacked the Iranian positions, all are hell would have broken those set of fence-roists against today. We would have had the Iranians to our front and the Iraqi insurgents picking us off at the rear. Back home, the incident was disclosed by a senior British officer at a conference in London last week and is reported in today's edition of Defense Amalization. The identity of the office reasoned given the incident began last July when revolutionary guards pushed about a kilometer into Iraq into the north and east of Bosra and an occurred attempt to be occupied territory which they claimed belonged to Iran. Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez then ordered the British to prepare to send in several thousand troops to attack the revolutionary guard positions. The revolutionary guard corps has 125,000 soldiers making a 25% larger than the entire British army and is equipped with 500 tanks, 600 armored personnel carriers and 260 artillery weapons. The incident is reminiscent of the exchange during the Coastal conflict between the American General Wesley Clark and the Supreme Allied Commander of Europe and General Senior Mike Jackson, the British Commander. When General Clark told General Jackson to send British troops into Pristine Airport to prevent Russian troops from taking control, General Jackson refused. He was reported to have said, I'm not going to start World War 3 just for you. I just mentioned these things in passing, okay, because you're certainly getting all the facts from CBS, the NBC, the ABC, and the Fox Network News, and certainly not news network, and the NBC that how many people live up. Right. Just to reinforce what you're already hearing, I'm sure. One flight 75, 60 WQA, and the support to July weekend, time for the Mechus and furniture stores to run those annual thorny sales when they double the price, then they offer you half off, which is not much of a big deal. Don't waste time this weekend, slip it around shopping for Mechus, save money and time this weekend by calling Dalmatus toll free. One 800 metrics right now for prices lower than the mall stores, even during their big sales. Only Dalmatus delivers from 8 in the AM till 10 PM every day, including the fourth and fifth of July. That's right. You can get delivery this entire holiday weekend. Dalmatus is ranked number one in the world of customers, and especially over winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local for its excellence award. When you call 1 800 metrics, you get the best prices on the best brands and delivery on your schedule, and the best customer service going anywhere. Dalmatus says the complete line of all the top names in the betting business. All of the ones that you know and covet, they got silly. Surt, a king coil, Simmons, tempered, and even, stirrens and fosters of you with. All our folks here at QM including your Australian call 1 800 metrics. And you ought to be doing the same. Forget about slivering around all over town on this heat from the store to store getting ripped off. Just sit right there on your fat ass and check them on the weather if you like it. Macre's dot com or Mac that easy toll free call 1 800 metrics 1 800 mA TTR E and. And look. This is the final five six six. And we have. We have. We have. We have. Two thousand and four. And. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Do. Okay. Do-. What. Get. It's. You crazy 32 at 560 WQM Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at 2 Mad Dog taking an hour at a big top-way forum Let me take a look at the schedule as young on Friday 2 Don tomorrow at least he's penciled it also on Friday, so the idea that he's gonna work 5 consecutive days No chance taking off hump day right in the middle of my dog good choice This story here I'm gonna print this out dog attack with fireworks if this isn't American man. I don't know what that is. This is so sick Just saw that in Oklahoma, no less in Tulsa Maybe we got to open up a nationwide chain called red mixes us Can you imagine what are we doing people like that? No questions, there's no try No delay Little bit just like me just as couldn't hurt 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvel Slime WQM hello Hey, now how you doing? Pretty good, paly Wanted to do that, did the comment about that teacher The driver was 15 years old correct Yeah, look underage So she should as the adult in the car she should have been keeping her eye on the road Yeah, she wasn't keeping her eye on the road She was ripping down the guy's pants and like But that maybe they may be in a park at a restaurant, they may be in gas and stuff Also earlier poll, I don't know if I could show his name on the air But I have my foot there Yeah, well, why would you be able to say marked it come here and he was on there and thank you very much Well, he was good What are you good? That's call of it Hey listen, it can't all be great, okay They can't all be as great as that one guy I was starting my rubber creeper being a homo Oh, that was terrific in the beginning I must really not like Reaper And by the way, we don't want you Robert Okay, you have to find some other group to join Dogs you'd think with fireworks 6 puppies were killed apparently This, I just want to get sick, I'm going to get sick 6 puppies were killed apparently by a far worse place in their mouths Shortly after teenage boys We're seeing carrying Roman candles in a North Tulsa neighborhood Tulsa Oklahoma man, Yahoo God They talk about the Red States in a blue states How about the Yahoo states Animal control often said there were no following lead They were following leads to the but at no specific and advanced attacks During which one person told police they heard a puppy yelp And older dog a four and a half month old black labored or mixed up Or burns out our muzzle and high quarters from apparently being used as a moving target for fireworks They tell society for the prevention of cruelty to animals Was caring for the injured dog and for the puppy's mother A one and a half year old black and tan healer mixed that wasn't harmed The injured dog had begun to even was expected to survive The SPCA believes that the puppies died from fireworks that exploded in their mouths A woman, Kanye Curry, 27 found all the dogs Monday Among the brains of fireworks inside of bacon has took the survivors to the SPCA When an animal control officer arrived later the dead puppies were gone Somebody probably went to clean up their mess so they wouldn't get in trouble Officer Chera, Cheri Curtis said the SPCA's raised about a $1,000 other organizations Running taking similar efforts to be word people of provide information being to the arrest and conviction those be Sponsible and when we find them that take loader brains out But we have the you have to have a search party for that There's bloated crap away sounds good to me 560 5060 pound five 60 on the 18 and 60 rising wireless line W2M hello Yes sir Yeah, I just got the tellman of the stench of this morning of the neighborhood Is that coming Miami? The what? I would stand chill If I'm coming, man Tom Beach, West Palm Beach, Buzzone or three-point one I can't even get that down here But you have to move man That's off Okay, see in the run manager and that's the wrong place for a direction See in review of beach see I'm seeing a rimon Right anybody want to go to sing around? Not no mo not from what I'm here not no mo how much you better sound of this world Definitely I'm just not all that okay going in fact In fact, I did I was in bulk of couple of a few weeks ago That was I don't know looked it looks to me like Tamarack It's not all people jibber I'm talking about Boka It's Boka jupber the whole way I look just like Tamarack in fact, I view it if you just blindfolded me and I'm in a limo on a way up there and back And just taking a blindfold off and I'm on the federal highway or whatever I just said hey, are we in Tamarack? Oh, is this what it looks like? I don't know what the big one is with Boka Except the question of the fact that it's far from date counting That's why people go to Boka They say get away from big count of you, I mean Hey Kari, but somebody who ain't hello Hello, Neil Yes sir Yeah, it's Neil Sounds like Neil Yeah, I drove all the way from our key wells because I'm not sure I'm not 11 off there and I come to my amnesty watch it Why Fuck, that was great It was doing a little galby And a good Very intelligent, okay He was almost as good as the Robert Hummel guy, almost Now what is this? Oh the amphitheater from the Debra LaFace sex case Thank you so much for talking And if I can read this, I know I'm a little blurry eye today But this is unbelievable The defendant 23 year old teacher at the Solson Middle School From the defenses of two counts Well we haven't even know the charges right? Is there going to be anything exciting? We're just taking this or stimulating Or anything details You're a deaati, I reviewed the case and the confirmed were kept in Blurred told me Debra LaFace had driven to a calo with the Solson so they picked up Solson later She and so and so had sex in her vehicle Every poor also documented the suspect picked up Solson so Your old Solson so to a calo this he is cousin The suspect later had sex with the Solson so in her vehicle and Ocala This is the same stuff we had before only a very lengthy detail Which I could read in a lot of the time, but I'm going to do it Sorry But thanks anyway 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 50, you see we're not building any pool today And these lines two hours, where's the result? You know, it's hardly quality the quality of the generates Blood and the generates What'd you expect? Double in exact, yes, that's not a hope and we're not only once run, only once So they're going to have to take you to butterfly in it, okay? Get the butterfly in it and take crazy run away, get him a couple of prosat Man And in fact, Zack discovered that I liked this police report about Deborah Selba Said he fashed me twice, he's got a Zack The water mull came to your ass That's the movie Boy don't fax it to me man, if this comes over again You're going to get food from sloying these tomorrow It was new co Instead of from pizza law Hopefully, and here comes a third time here we go again What are you doing? You maniac I put it in the machine once, maybe you wanted to send it to you a couple times Yeah, maybe it's self operating now, maybe it just can't control itself It's a lot of control Once was enough, more than enough Five six seven, five sixty, pound five sixty on a I gotta think that anybody with an IQ larger than their thumb nail Is it gotta be out of time, I don't think? Probably more than likely I mean, only those who are just stuck in possibly get out Of course the drugs, which were delighted to hear from WQA and how QA and hello Neil Yes sir Hey, how are you doing today? Pretty good Hey, I saw a fair night, night eleven yesterday Right And I'm happy to report, but kind of funny A shoving match broke out after the after the movie Up at the movie co On ninety five and five I thought it wasn't shown in movie co I thought they weren't shown in movie Yeah, no, they had up there to movie co Ninety five and five Okay And two, they're like 50 old guys they were getting into a They were hardly, they're pushing each other out Kind of funny Did you, your old friend, twenty five to the two Nothing nowadays? Uh, I think he's done a super line, not only a super Gives you not believe Here's the fourth copy of this from Zach Man, you are out of control There's two parts, so maybe it was like nine pages Uh, well why are you sending it to me though? It was nine pages, you were sending it all to me Loona tick maniac, okay I thought you wanted the details You know something mo? You might've had a point You might've had a point You might've had a point You might've had a point You might've had a point Hey, what's for you? What for you? Christopher, walk in this town The fist mind that you knew Was such a strange, a super bugger Am I great? Zach is when the human body could find Was a little red toy You'd you treat? What the train, do to my head? And the house that makes Some zombies on holdy secrets When the most striking star In headlights like a deer Oh, what's there? Oh, found it, let me see the stars That people there, those weird beehives These dark life dogs are the only worst guys But they've never been caught to a crash Even while filming kangaroo jazz Now the new zippers stand for widespread Sisters who come back, they'll go clock They'll go clock Christopher, walk in this town They can't find no way Some slangs love to know good But for you, but no wrongdoing Can't sell the pit found When he's just sell it badly What for you? But the only person who's to follow And the first was themselves When he died, those two were injured Oh, what's there? Oh, found it, let me see the stars He loves the top, like he's a crazy man And for you, but still he was scared Can't stand him, can't he's never been caught Of a tree, and all flying trees Even while filming TV But for you, still I saw one No, what they found if they tested his way As my way we, who are past? Where's Josh Beckerman, you need him, right? He's 27 At five, six, even a son, Samuel, finally caught On the Howard Stern story Although I noticed this in the social depressed story And I've written by little Tommy Jicka Or any local or local But in a Palm Beach post, they're all over Like stink on bread, you know? It's in their backyard Howard Stern's sure returns to West Palm Beach Your ways, in fact, they've got a pool here I'm always a little bit nervous about a pool It doesn't show how many boats there are The question is, when you tune into Howard Stern's Show on Buzzonell 3.1 You know something, I think we will use that pool Do you like in the first hour? I might not be better And then we'll do the, huh? I might not be better And I will do the Greg we want after that Last three hours We'll do that and find out And of course, one of the choices we'll have to be I can't pick up that station And anyway, well, you tune in the Howard Stern's Show on Buzzonell 3.1 Yes, 50 now, oh, there are the numbers There, look, I know one of them way off of the right 338 and 21 about 250 boat Yes, I have missed listening to the show 59 percent No, I don't enjoy Howard Stern's program 35 and a third percent Maybe it depends what else is on her way, you'll five and a half percent Well, that's pretty powerful crap in it Oh yeah Howard Stern's poppin, they can show a clip with him about all this on CNN Man, you talk about pompous man, man And he's going on to the martyr He's a, well, Gibson ain't got nothing on him It's for us being a martyr In fact, remember when all this was going on He had the thing with the stirring on the cross Instead of Jesus Son of a, how are it, Stern? How about love's fun, you know, that the people have lost their jobs? How about the people in these nine markets who are already lost their jobs Because they're making them to put his ass on the air How about the rest of us in a business where like doing a water down Version of what we used to do because we can't just say crap anymore Seems to me, you still making this 30 or 40 million a year Half of it, I'm not glad for the Stern fans, you know, he's got a right to be on the air But I mean, what a pompous ass Suffer grandizing, it's the world according to Howard Anyway, Stern's topic of morning program will launch a nine Infinity broadcast, the markets across the country Including West Palm Beach on 103 won the buzz beginning Monday, July 19 Stern replaced the long time morning buzz show featuring Mark Summers Jenny and Dhammer Summers posted and last time on morning buzz.net sing was a very sad day And then it was borderline in tears that he showed his come to an abrupt end This is no joke, the morning buzz has been taken off here for goody Road, I will always hold the West Palm Beach here to my heart I won't Infinity president CEO Joel Hollander would now stay that's Journal of Returning to Stations in West Palm Beach Houston, San Diego, Tampa, W2IKAM, Pittsburgh, Orlando Austin, Rochester and Fresno, California Stern has been off here in those markets in February 26 To this article is well, whatever In April, the well we know about that In third channel's president and CEO, W2IK Steven St. Stern was banned permanently from the audio, we know that Apparently infinity, it's just one to take the risk Considering the competitive radio market in its rivalry with third channel The nine initials stations bring the total carrying Stern showed a 45 Including 27 owned and operated by infinity, Stern showed a syndicated Biontham via unit of Viacom Stern said I can't wait to get back to the markets where we were taking off I missed my fans and judging from the countless emails and calls I received They've missed the show now we have the opportunity to be together again We'll be great. Stern has used the show to where against both the FCC and Bush administration Which he said is trying to drive him off the air for political reasons When the fines were announced during post of the statement in his web Lamingame a Carthi type witch hunt by the Bush administration Which again, I kind of questioned that because Did he get canned? No, he's still on the air He's got a whole bunch more stations Infinity said there's just the other day that they're going to support him right down the line What else he's talking about? Can you tell me? No one knows I think he can't score Howard Stern without three letters EG Oh Where did he come from? He was really 5.6.4. That's how it's famed No one's on me I think I can't hit him up Yeah Why do we not? One, two, three Get this from our cell, you see You got to watch One, two, three You better go to the cell You'll find dead You'll find dead No one's on me I'm on a straight Oh, great Oh, great I can't tell you how to say I can't tell you I can't tell you how to say I can't tell you how to say I hear ball or humor to stress To do it again before it's black and white To the power that's gonna be in our fore God's voice The better we're doing it It's a mission That's a problem Oh, I'm so happy I'm on a passion planet I'm on a passion planet I'm on a passion planet I'm on a passion planet I'm on a passion planet Oh, I'm on a passion planet What could be said at five 60WC and we've reached out It'd been a win And Janet Jackson's breastflash may get A $550,000 fine Oh, right I like that It's a special boobie Can you imagine if they've shown both boobies? We're talking over a million Wow Twenty television stations that air pop singer Janet Jackson's infamous breastflash Dream of Super Bowl Should be saw a fine Twenty seven thousand five hundred dollars each According to a staff recommendation US regulators A source of media with a matter said today During the NFL Super Bowl have tabloey No all about that FCC's commission staff of the host The mission is fine Firecom, inks twenty CBS television stations Twenty seven thousand five hundred each For a total of five hundred fifty grand the source said The climbing for the right identification Uh The staff did not recommend finding the other CBS stations there The incident but are not owned by a via comms source Now now I'll have that be The recommendation is circulating among the five STC commissioners who could decide otherwise In other words find the stations that are owned by CBS But not the ones that aren't So far I think the rationale be behind that would be well CBS was responsible for it And the other affiliates were just carrying whatever they were feeding down the line Right? It should feed so much Yeah, yeah you should know How is life safe? Delicious Ha ha ha ha We love the people of the joint We love the joint Like you wouldn't believe They're nothing like you could join What's your take on the tap as school teachers speaking about The first six with a 14 year old studenters We have 527 votes not to shabby in an hour And know whatever our lesson to ours On jails 170 freebie saying that She's a crazy bitch but very hot 1117 The cousin should be shot for a squeal Ha ha We know everything was going on when he had it In fact maybe he would have been next 105 I'll do it any age 73 Fry her ass 37 And no big deal No big thing 23 out of 536 So general consensus is who gives a crap right? Yeah It was said it had been near like you know give a helping hand or a hop right in Whatever at least take some video That's what I'm saying I'm hearing Dan T right now if we could add video with that Well of course it involves a minor So like I said You know Can you imagine how many people would be hopping online to see that? Millions and millions and about 30 million an hour No question Curtis Stevenson is sitting by We got Curtis sitting in for a little overwork To the under some lot of stress coming back from that tough trip to Iceland So we got Curtis Stevenson two to full the hump or a 46 30 Marlon's on deck 6 30 and 705 your Marlon's at the bravest will fix And see we say that's up there again tonight Any K after the baseball game Bye bye Let me tell you something My piano game