A QA at Sports Time is 10 o'clock. No Rogers coming up next. What do you say? Let's carry that mall in game today. What are you saying? Oh, Grash. Come on. No, no, we are sports-renuable. I see you. Tell me you QAM. Yeah. Yeah. People are ice-holes. Jesus Christ. No peace-door. Yeah. Are you a bell-git-chants-ed-in-one? Well, now you used to be the star of Lincoln Webvin. Now we're making movies that recruit the vicious. People in the theaters are a pound-ass. It was okay, but what did I put as bad Max? Jesus Christ. No peace-door. Rex, read and the Pope, get it, give it for us. Jesus Christ. Take them look. Don't see the film till you read the book. Jesus Christ. On the streets. Where there was no part to see. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. No peace-door. Jesus Christ. No peace-door. Are you a bell-git-chants-ed-in-one? It is that it was. And all other Cockarite 10.02. 5.60WQ. And Boba got a heavy update today, man. If you're up. Heavy duty plate. Joim Mark, there are fired. They got screwed over off the hill, story. I'd sure like to know the name of that individual back there in the sales room that the stood on a crap up. I'd like to have that name right now, okay? Because I think we'll take up billboards. As if we don't have a bigger fish to fry things to worry about, but QAM is just like Jim Sarni said in the Sun Sentinel of A. The circus at QAM continues. And you are. Absolutely correct. You thumb right on it, Jim. It's a circus. It's a zoo. It's not a place of business. Forget about radio stations. It's not even a Chinese laundry. It's not a place of business. It's a place of monkey business. This one's getting suspended today because he talked bad at this one. And this one's getting suspended because he was drunk at the QAM party. And this one's getting fired because of some picture that was on the internet. Seven months ago that somebody happened to see him passing walking by somebody else's computer. This is not a place of business. And of course, the tip of the iceberg, this, this, all really started. I'm not saying that that he's responsible for all of it. But the ugliness of this radio station started two years ago today. That's a looting. That's right. Somebody this morning. Oh, it's my three year anniversary. And I'm wonderful. And I don't get in the dirt when all those pigs have got right. That's right. That's when it started to go downhill. That's when a whole thing came on glued. And tattooed. And even though he has nothing to do with this latest episode, maybe it's appropriate that he is sporting news radio is a lead in that. Huh? Maybe he can get a zero point zero as his lead in. For that lame ass crap that he's passing off in a morning to that bunch of misfits like old Joe there with the thick voice heard him this morning. Still on the hockey fan. Oh, speaking hockey, let's get that surround right away. Get out of the way. Vancouver cannot forward Todd Bertoozy's been suspended for the remainder of the season, including the final rubber girl season games plus the entire 2004 Stanley Cup playoffs. In addition, Mr. Bertoozy's eligibility for the 2004 or five season, which courses kind of a music is isn't going to be one. We'll be determined by Commissioner Gary Betten and prior to the start of training camp. The suspension is the result of a blind side punch that injured Colorado Avalanche forward Steve more in any shell game number 1028 on March the 8. Enico Zonevallacy, we're two-seable forfeit least $501,000 of his salary. The Akanuk organization has also been fine 250 grand, which that money goes to the NHL Foundation which in turn makes contributions to charitable organizations. In Anico's. So there you go. He's done. And like before the next season, whichever season it's going to be, he's going to have to meet with Gary Betten and decide whether he's eligible to come back. Which I think is appropriate and fine and then let's put his essence in jail on top of it. The course last night, some of you probably saw the the tearful apology you want to apologize. I'm not that kind of a guy. Yes, screw you. Screw you, Bertoozy. Get lost. You can't. More bad news though. A lot of bad news. It's bad news Thursday. QAM. In fact, every day seems to be bad news. A QAM. Yeah. Because Greg just can't get his ass his act together. You're really running a home railroad. Greg let me tell you that. Oh, speaking of railroad. That was a bad choice of words. Powerful explosions rock three Madrid train stations today just days before Spain's general election. Selling more than 170 rush-hark computers and wanting more than 500 in Spain's worst terrorist attack ever. This is the bascepartist group eta. That's what the four-master and a palacio said. It was eta right now. We have to wait till we have an official statement. But it's eta. Which is a lunatic's team. Outlawed basc party, the armed separatist group and yada yada yada yada. Yeah, they want their country back. They want their own country. So, instead of the continues round the world, bad news. In both those papers today, we have stories and I should like to point out that Jim Sarny and Barry Jackass both contacted a radio station and contacted Joe Costello. He did not initiate the calls. Contrary to what was reported to me by a 10 second party this morning since Greg doesn't speak to me directly. He doesn't have the balls to and I don't want to talk to Greg because, by frankly, it's embarrassing. Esmeriz general manager. I mean, you're running a crazy house. You're running a nuthouse and I realize that the industry is under a lot of pressure right now. But if this is the way corporate's gonna react every time somebody first, we might as well close up and open a Chinese laundry. What is that? Huh? Being closed anyway. Chinese laundry right there in a corner of North West, second Avenue and 441 no ticking of shirty. Right. Chinese ficken laundry QM used to be a radio station now. It's a Chinese laundry. Just follow all your garbage. Will we sure got plenty of garbage you're own on the inside? Jim Sarny writes, hey, Goldberg's back on the air. But now Joe and Mark are gone. It's the suspension or firing of the week at QAM. And he says the QAM circus continues. Well, I love, I love that. I'm a frameless article. Whatever I said in the past, Jim Sarny, you're all as forgiven. Okay, you're still ugly as hell. But then against so am I. But I mean, uh, it's all forgiven. You know, you're a puts. The QAM circus continues and you are. Correct. I think I said that but you can't say too often. Absolutely correct sir. Joe can't sell it. Mark Eisenberg, the co-host of the Joe and Mark show two to six a.m. By the way, I hate to break the university. There's another mistake. You're already two to five a. Take away most five to six hours. Especially on his anniversary on the day of his daughter's wedding. The Joe and Mark show were terminated the the Joe and Mark show were terminated. Yes, oh, the co-host. No, the co-host were terminated Wednesday over some old internet photos. Vladimir Lusant and Anthony Jamie. They're not pronouncing me last name. Right. Who the hell knows? Vlad and Anthony were the show's producers were also fired. Did it? You're fired. The photos of adult entertainers taken in the QAM studios appeared on the show's website. But we're quickly removed last September. This is seven months ago boys and girls seven months ago. That's also an error. It was not on the show's website. No, it was on a friend of there's a personal website. It was not on the show's website. It certainly was not a QAM website. It was not our website. Which by the way, we want to make very clear our website has nothing to do with QAM. They don't have a link to us. We don't have a link to them. And the Yamama. Okay. That's just a little disclaimer. There are cases of beesleys are peeing their pants again this morning, which I'm sure they are. Report and Mark keep in mind that this is the guy Greg Reed that put the Scott for well on the year for six months on his radio station. But anyway. Reportedly the photos resurfaced when someone in the years sales office didn't internet search. Then we're seen by a female employee walking by who complained the station management. Oh my God. Oh yeah. She saw it on somebody's computer screen on the monitor. And made us think about it. Now see, I still can't get the message. She filed a formal complaint is what you're telling me. That's what I heard. I don't think so. I heard that she went to the water Nazi who then went to Greg and then of course so this. But why the hell did this some was this something that had to go to corporate in the first place? Why did the people the nose pickers and apels have to get involved in this in the first place? This wasn't somebody on the outside saying, Oh my God, there was something grow test cap in on your radio station. It wasn't even something that was on the air. That's one of the best parts of this whole deal. Anyway, Jim Sarnie says, I runically, Kestella and Eisenberg had changed the tone of their show in recent months and that's also correct. They weren't doing anymore that stripper, Newly we want to be a Howard Stern junior kind of stuff. We'd been getting away from the dirty boys image that Eisenberg who worked at QM for five years. That's not the type of show we wanted. We've released ourselves by taking these photos off the website six months ago. In fact, who was it that coined that term the dirty boys? I think I know who it was. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Meanwhile, Goldberg returned Tuesday from a five day hiatus following a parking lot incident with a sales manager. The umptious unacceptable Luan Winnick. That bitch. We had a meeting and everything is fine. The homper said, the Hebrew hammer. Hebrew hammer. WQM management would not come in on the termination saying it was internal matter. Right. And infernal infuriating matter is what it is. As we continue showing our backside of the world. QAM all asked all day. So let me ask you a question. And here's the very jackass column which did not come from Greg. Greg went out of his way to called up to tell me to pass it down the line. Duptole clearance and parents told George and George told me because Greg told and said, tell that fat olfag that I didn't call either those guys well, that's about time. It's that's once market down George. That's once one time he wasn't the mole. He wasn't the spokesman for Barry Jackass. Million times. As the radio station turns WQM bears the Brut Rights Barry Jackass. Nice going very little putwacker. It says WQM fired overnight host Mark Eisenberg and Joe Custellaw on Wednesday at the station found pictures of them would make it women on the internet, Eisenberg confirmed. Their producers Anthony and the Vlad were also fired. Eisenberg and Custellaw 31 year old so at host at a Ronshi sports in Guy's talk show from 2 to 5 a.m. week that's C. Sarnia Lee's Barry's got the time right. Had pictures taken of them fully clothed with a naked adult entertainer inside the WQM studio on two occasions last September the two women who appeared new in the pictures had been guest on a program which aired with its Zairn'on QM since January 2002. The first new took to pictures who Eisenberg identified as a friend of the program posted them on the internet. Eisenberg said he immediately asked his friend to pull the pictures from the internet but they resurfaced recently and see they thought the pictures were gone. This makes it even more damning as far as the beesleys are concerned. They were positive those pictures were gone. They did everything in their power to make sure those pictures weren't on the internet nowhere know how. But they resurfaced recently where Brutte managed to be attention by a salesperson at the station and by the way it's a power 96 salesperson. Now whatever our anxious QM salespeople but a power 96 person is in work for QAM. You bitch. I'm embarrassed Eisenberg said we apologize it's youthful and discretion. Costella who also hosted a Saturday morning Motorsports show on WQM said it's a bummer. It's a shame something we realized at the time was a mistake came back in bitters. It makes QAM look bad and I feel really bad said Jojo who I talked to last night and uh he's not happy. And I'm real unhappy. Because first of all it was presented to us in a way that yesterday's he and if they would ever give us all the facts. I mean if they say don't talk about it which I didn't yesterday until after they said you can talk about it it was officially were fired. I don't talk about it. But give us all the facts that we have some idea what's going on as opposed to well there was this thing on the website. I thought it was just something that happened in the last few days on the heels of all this FCC hysteria right on the FCC's a Michael Powell's nervous breakdown. That's what we thought it was. And of course if that had been the case well there you go and kind of indefensible. This is over a picture that kind of on somebody's website of some strippers they had on the show seven months ago back in September 2003. And so now we have sporting news radio and at slot 2 to 5 in the morning we had the only live local show overnight in town on his radio station and we continue shooting ourselves in a feet and various in ourselves. That can't afford like a bunch of minor league assholes and we're getting sick and tired of it Greg you're clown. But it was corporate to survive don't give a crap we need strong leadership man we need somebody with some backbone. Somebody with some judgment wasn't going to put somebody on the air for six months ago it was going to jeopardize the station as licensed in all of our livelihoods. Well said. But nevertheless you know when you break like I told you when you break the thing in a first place you can't put those pieces back together again it's the Humpty Dumpty syndrome all over again. He broke the morning show and now we just can't put them pieces back together again. I look what we got now pop I jenco. Absolutely. We got. Hey speaker that are you in a dead end job? Are you underpaid nover worked well if you'd like to have yourself a new high pain career but you don't have the cash or the four years time to invest in college you still got a shot. All you have to do is make one easy call to fast train tool free at 1 8 6 6 fast train. They can have you train and certifying for a brand new high pain computer network professional career and as little as four short months. That's true you can be fully trained already for a new career and is little as four easy months by July you can be making big cash. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to put around your schedule. Fast train oh by the way we got now you make a knock I only Campbell on our rub. Sunshine girl on the beaded room today. Oh by the way that's behind the beaded curtain. Anybody under 18 don't even think about it. Well fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid the people who qualify. Fast train got 7 convenient floor to location to serve you so it is bound to be one convenient to where you live. So if you want to change your life if you're tired of working for some brand new schmuck god. Pick up that phone and call fast train today tool free at 1 8 6 6 fast train or check them on the wicked worldwide web. Fast train.com and like I said in just four short months you'll have a big fact for rear and a great paycheck that goes along with the risotto great career to big fat paycheck. However if you want to put it call them today 1 8 6 6 fast train and don't forget to tell the Todd hrypnot hundred well The route data keeps on spawning Democratus looks gonna keep on boiling again There's gonna spawn it all right Gonna make it, everyone route data's gonna make it Everyone up tight Well, he can't get elected But the outcomes affected Proud Or route data keeps on running Democratus parties, relive them And get route data keeps on running Yeah, I'll tell you, uh, never slice in And you people are insane You're lunatics because I realize that hockey like an issue We talk hockey for more than 10 seconds And the audience is all gone It's not an American thing America doesn't care about hockey But And that's as a result they never do anything positive about hockey On CNN and MSNBC It doesn't even exist But when they have some good photos Like more to make sorely black and Donald We're sure with a stick on the side of the head Or here it is again, here we go The playoffs, what is interesting Do not have any times they've shown this in the last minute About 30 minutes And least There we go again When they got something violent and growtask And a lot of blood and guts Here we go, here's why hockey is all about Yeah CNN, that is the anti-christ right there Make no mistake about it Not fox, not MSNBC, not anybody else Not even the beeslee, the freaking measly beeslee It's CNN, the anti-christo El Masakista They are disgusting and growtask And they should, you people see an answer All die, how do you like that? Everyone here Is there anybody we like to see an except for a Susan candy-oddy? Yeah, we like it How about candy-cowly? 17, huh? What's he's gonna? She don't cut the crap What the heck candy honey? Candy-cowly 1748 votes on our poe yesterday If you had tons of cash What one city would you choose to learn? I'm not done by the way with a Joe Mark thing I've only just begun Because it's, and you have no idea You can't even begin to believe How ecstatic I am to have this arranged with Why I don't have to be there more than just a few days a year You can't even begin to believe Because that's gotta be of all How many places have I worked in my life And this business in over 40 years in radio? I'm good man Yeah I have never encountered an environment You talk about a hostile workplace That is so full of hate and psychosis and insanity And suspensions and crap Now there must be some reason for that Why this is all happening in that building, you know? Maybe it's weak leadership Maybe it's weak management Maybe it's people that haven't got any idea How do we really want a business? Because that's not a place of business This is a place of monkey business And we keep jerk in the audience around Every single day here Let's pencil in the new QAM line up Get a pencil with a bigger racer on it Here's the worst team I mean here's mole Here's whatever we got Here's the big overnight live show Well, I guess not Make up your minds already People make up your minds You want to be like a real honest A goodness radio station Or you want to be an industry joke Because that's what Greg Reed And the beastly is making us into an industry joke Every couple of days now This one suspended This one is fine This one is fire This one I understand the times are tough But this is the way you respond It indicates to me like a lack of an uncomposed penis to me If this is the way you respond When the going gets tough Professional broadcasters now use that term Loosely we got some idea where the line is drawn Okay, and so a lot of us have backed way away From the edge of that line Because it's called survival It's called being a little bit smart Not like Fredo, not like Greg A little bit smart and back in way away from that line Because we need to cash Anyway Honolulu wins hands down To 1509 It was George's choice Which choice? I've been there six times though I don't want to go back New York, 190 You have many years I've been since I've been in New York I've heard of you I have no interest in going there What's the attraction? Territories My N1-89 And well that's just that's for the people that never get out of town too much San Francisco 123 Las Vegas 109 Which it sounds very tempting By the way, Bob Lincoln had triple bypass surgery He's okay, he's in Vegas He's... He's... He's okay He's fat That's probably why he had triple bypass surgery That's a report from Fat Rich CNS Month Richy Virgin Islands 107 Amsterdam 98 They want to be there in that Dan Square Naples Florida, this is the Achigroniswood pile This is a joke 95 Say if they had all the money in the world They live in Naples Florida Right Oh man This must all be from corporate from the beesleys You think? Okay Maybe to kid with a banjo or voted several times Banjo boy San Diego 86 Roma 77 Rome Italy Somebody said if you'd vote for any place beside Rome you're a moron Well a lot of people did so Roma 77 Vancouver 65 Toronto had 68 Sydney Australia 48 Aspen Colorado 45 Geneva Switzerland Schfeitz 37 Myorca 35 Jamaica 28 NASA on the Bahamas 27 Why would anybody want to live in a Bahamas? I don't know Drugs? Got those here Stockholm 18 And Dorelavilla 16 Colone Germany 11 Tour in Italy Terino 11 Berlin 9 And the Philippines 5 There was some guy said they had some sounds It wasn't even Manila It was like more Vanilla Some little town in the Philippines And nobody ever heard me say it was like paradise And when somebody tells me that top Florida is paradise I have to raise 14 eyebrows and that Tells me that these people are like in the twilight of a mediocre life Don't forget to join the big Oh Oh Orlando Alzacuiri today from 11 to 1 The Edwin Watts Golf Edwin Watts Golfs north federal What is that? Are you reading this? No you are. Follow along with me 11 to 1 At the Edwin Watts Golfs north federal highway location I have Mount North of commercials I guess they have more than one location It's the Perthorth of the blue Federal highway location Half Mount North of commercial Boulevard The big boat We'll have Honda classic passes And there will be free sandwiches from our good buddy Our Atlantic City subs would stay are the best So that's 11 on one today at that place 25 past 10 at 5 60 WM here's today's lineup And two we got And four it's going to be the Show The FV7 At the Montreal Canadians in 730 Any FV7 Invagus at the 1035 in a hockey game And overnight it's the Uncise sporting news Oh radio Oh my god Wow I am so humiliated and embarrassed To have to announce those words 2 to 5 in the morning In the middle of the week on a Thursday night Sporting news radio We open up the pot We go from a live local show To a piece of crap We don't even have a SPN radio No more Because the other guys got it So we got sporting news radio A bunch of silly people sitting around We've got sporting news radio We've got sporting news radio Wow Holy crap 26 past 10 at 5 60 if I saw some of the work up today I am pissed off Oh my god I am disgusted Stop the bleeding already Will you grab stop the bleeding Your kill on us man You're destroying us You're bitchering us You can hear the sounds of the The bleeding cow Oh that's fat boy Maybe it's Josh Friedman He'll work for us anymore Maybe the staples popped open again It's the last mortgage you'll ever need The only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are incredibly a pay zero closing Caused zero application fee zero credit zero fee and zero discounted points Get yourself the new low interest rate Of just 1.25% If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan Your payments are only 334 month If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan You pay only 60 8 month to no forget Once you be finance Or get new home mortgage from financial group You'll never ever pay closing cost again So just call that toll free number at 1 8 6 6 3 9 5 lend Get the low rate mortgage you deserve Then move your next property With no further cost to expense you pay Zero underwriting fee zero dot fees zero closing cost Even Like I said When you moved to another property Get yourself that amazing low financing rate Of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage And never pay those closing cost again From financial group call 1 8 6 3 9 5 lend for details no obligation 1 8 6 3 9 5 Ellie and the equal housing lender Restrictions of course apply rates of change monthly 4.21 APR And low This is 4.2560 You You You You You You You You You You You You You You After one half of my insurance Empty He's in Utah around to 100 dollars low $100? No, go lower! Oh, hold, $100? To it? No, lower, go lower! Oh, hold, hold, hold! $100? At 5.60, WQAM. We're always ready to service your accounts. $100? $10.32.5.60, WQAM. We thought that the QM sales department was bad, but let me tell you something right now. Compared to the Power 96, the sale department, we got a bunch of rocket scientists. Can you imagine one of our people that have our nitwits back there, walking by some of these computer, and look at on the monitor and see some nude pictures, something like that, and then registering a complaint to management? Can you imagine that? No, no, in fact, probably the pictures would have been there anyway. Maybe High Boy, he's kind of sensitive. Yeah. Yeah. He's got a sensitive, black comb, big one. But you people at Power 96, man, you wait just wait and see. I come back to time. I'm going to go right back there and pee on your CD pay off players. Every one of them. We're going to tell all kinds of stories about KidTree and Anna's squeak. You'll see. Ah, we know all those. And of course, the stories about our good friend that used to be in the morning, they're Boa, jangles, Griffin. Oh, and you know something, that inspires me, boys and girls, okay? That inspires me. Something that I haven't played in a long, long time. What is it under? The Joan Boa Show? Yeah. Is it called a Joan Boa Show? Joan Boa Show. 560, WQA, presents the Joe and Boa Show. Starting Joe Castello and Boa Griffin. It date, called 560, Mobile users dial bound by 60. To Max Joe and Boa, call 305605019. Now, here's Joe and Boa. Well, I've never thought I'd find the gun to ride that I've been to the roundies today. What do you want? What do you think you do? I need to kill your Lord. It will be my plan that we've played all the time. I don't want to hear no one in doing makeup action. You said it. I didn't say what? I said you said that word not me. You said that word not me. You said that in it. That makes no sense for me. What is your problem? My problem be you. You. What? I'll get it back to you. Now don't you be looking at me. Don't you be looking at me honey. Don't look at me. Don't you know me. You just never got over Cleo's stealing your gig. What do you say? You heard me. What do you say? I said you know who I am. I am for great. Bull Griffin. I have you know. I carry a lot of weight around here. Yeah. You carry it around here and around here and around here. Ow. I want your what? Who can ask fire and try? Go. Great. Get your water bases in here. Right now. Right now. Explain what's going on. He takes the last group to be fetching the lunchroom. Then he's gone ripping my black ass own it. All right. All right. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. Everyone is saying. Stay in back. Be careful with that. I did nothing wrong. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's a beautiful thing. 1036. That's a true story. It's matter of fact. Pretty close to it. Other than the fact you didn't blow anybody away. But not right. Sort of that. That we know it. Yeah. Well, she got her wish. Joe got fired. It wasn't because of her. But eventually down to her. Maybe she put a voodoo hex on him. Maybe she got a whole miscleo on it. Two of them put a voodoo hex on Joe and Mark. A jury awarded more than $950,000 when the structure of Roman Catholic principles who accused and out of the cease-priced of punching or during an argument over how to teach. The jury voted $930,000. The jury voted $950,000. Grant to Maria Vega 57 for emotional distress, defamation and battery. Said a returning victim, George. Vega said she was teaching cataclysm at St. M.D.S. Church in November 1999. When the Reverend Dennis O'Neill disagreed with the way she was teaching and punched her right above the ear. What do you like that? And John Gallon is a Jesuit priest and an international and on scholar and author was traveled to the were leading seminars on Catholic, Liturgy and Worship. The jet setting charismatic clerk is also accused of having a sinister side as a child molester. Oh my God. Find the gallons been barred from the Ministry following allegations that he sexually abused the 16-year-old Sylvania boy in 1980 at St. Joseph Church on South Main Street where's this is Delito. The victim now 40 and living in Kenosha was escancing. We received a $50,000 settlement from the Jesuits in 1994. But continued to pursue his case with the Catholic Church until last month. That's when he learned that father Gallon, no technically still a priest, has been barred from performing any priestly functions according to a letter from the Milwaukee Archdiocese of Main Body Toledo Blade. Just a couple more isolated incidents. FCC Chairman, the Anxious Michael Tollis said yesterday that legislation meant to crack down on indecency on the earwaves could run a foul of free speech rights and underbind the overall effort. Well, how do you like that? Could run a foul of free speech rights? I didn't know we had any left. The House and Senate Commerce committees have both passed bills that would sharply boot fines a television radio broadcast to the Violet and Dsansi regulations. They'd also require the FCC to hold a hearing to determine where the broadcast license should be revoked after three violations. Three strikes you out. After speaking to a group of state regulators, Paul told reporters, there are a number of things that give me pause because I don't want to see the remedies being captured by constitutional litigation. Things like three strikes in your mouth, I think, is an understandable idea. But when you think it through, I can imagine scenarios where it can be more problematic than not. Paul also expressed concerns that additional provisions like the one in the Senate bill that would put new media ownership rules on hold, pending a review of links between indecency and consolidation, could end up scuttling the bill altogether. Good. The version has the three strikes provision and permits the FCC to weigh heftair, have to your penalties against the person who orders indecency material on the ear, as well as go after the network that broadcast the material. The FCC can now only find the license station that air the material, and has limited ability to penalize the announcer who will be saying it. The Senate bill escalates fines as much as $500,000, but only once the broadcast has been found to a committed authority in the decency violation, it also has the three strikes in your out provision, yati, yati. So now all of a sudden he's worried about free speech. He's not worried about that. He's just worried that the whole thing's unconstitutionally. He knows that on a phasic, he knows it. He knows it. He knows they're just trying to make things up as they go along. Well, free speech means whatever we say it does. That's basically what America's all about right now. But if I don't give you a solid advance about John Kerry's in that the Republicans are a bunch of liars and crooks and veterans. So on because he's absolutely, you go John, no apologies. You don't know apologies needed. I will let you to see. A good show of involvement should there, even though we didn't know the mic was on. Nevertheless, stand by your guns, baby. Here's the poll for today and it's a we pick up part where we left off yesterday with this. That list we had of the hundred most often mispronounce words and phrases in English. What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most? That's our poll question. It's up there already. I voted for axe. As in, let me ask you a question. I voted for nuclear axe for ask, especially for especially real turf for real, a re-re-liter for real-der jewelry. I didn't put this one on her jewelry for jewelry. You got that? Got it. How about you got on there? Bluequila. A mood point? I never heard of Andy Mood used to play golf at a bronze and LA. I don't know who put that on there. Mood or a mood point for Mood point. That must be an error thing. I'm sure Josh didn't do that. Erick. Erick did it. Mood or Mood point. He didn't have one. It's kind of dumb. 55 votes on her so far. Of course we'll have a lot of thoughts more to it. Don't forget, Niamic Campbell is our naked lady. I mean, our lovely person of the day. Our mood should be that be did curtain behind a picture of John Ascrop, which had warned you to stay the hell away if you're either under the age of 18 or if you just too emotionally mature. If you work at power 96 in sales, do not go anywhere near our website. If you work at power 96 in sales on the air, a program directed at includes you kids, scurvy, all you people of power 96, you're the bone of our resistance, okay? You make this one a poop. You're the one who'll go up here. 65 60. The ring is all yours. Oh, a blue wing! Mood or Mood point. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. A blue wing. My own len, our part of the world. He will lead no child behind, if there will be danger light, George wants children in our part of the world. Children die to get astruth in all the resources of the world. Where they look from left to right, when three thousand people die, each accept their life-easy, I was talking about the U.S. or QAM. 1046 at 560 WQAM and I said that with some embarrassment maybe a little bit lower WQAM. I'm thinking of myself about the Howard Stern show that's a taped and broadcast on E on the E network and how it has some of those scantily clad guest on there some of those slots that he has on the board right scantily scantily scantily scantily scantily scantily they're right there on TV on e for people to see all around the country all around North American cable right run and run when they were on w i o d which at that time was owned by religious goodly to use buddy bud packs and run and run had the skankiest nasty strippers used to see I know this comes to the shock boys and girls but this is radio I used to try to tell them that this is a radio the fact that you got all these strippers these brought around naked it you know it may be wonderful for you guys and of course we know what was going on the hallway which I can't say on the year but in a meantime it doesn't do much for the radio speakers you look at the speaker you don't see anything I got to make a stripper on my head right now but the point of the thing being that nobody got fired for that stuff no and how we're sure was still on e as far as I know isn't it sure it is yeah so what's the big deal what's the tinnist that they had a couple of strippers in a building and they had some provocative pictures they had all their clothes on jule and mark and the other guys it's not that they were involved in some kind of a wild orgia or something like that oh by the way yogurt the newspapers won't the floor cut the yogurt why yogurt one of the girls put yogurt on herself on her top yes being careful and the other girl uh removed it and that there you go that's what was that was the subject matter so what does that have to do with anything no just you know just splashing it out for you there yogurt when that's what's the yogurt out let's flavor wasn't sure if I did it have the fruit on the bottom I'm sorry maybe a freaking cross would have been in the fruit would have been on the bottom because I understand that's coming for him anyway I don't want to listen I don't want to go there you know girl friend we have to be very very careful we don't want to go there even at one word there I noticed in at the in the bow and josego but nonetheless that's a comedy but you know we've played it in the middle times the inward old jeet and too bad there's a cleaner bit the uh boat got the power I don't want to play a cleaner bit there was nothing wrong with that bit but everybody is so I mean seriously if you're going to get we might as well just play music okay I'm really really mean this if you people who own this radio station and who are running it and I use that term very loosely if you're that panicky about everything let's just place a nice safe music we got out of jingles right we got all the more jingles we could uh you know crank up on a blast from the past right now all right that's one of my favorite rices matter fact he's right yeah but anyway something to think about nothing of my contract is I have to do with talk shows has been a ranger show you a ranger show could be playing oldies how much has started that today until these people come to their senses till it gets a better grip on life let's start at the beginning I've seen some people come on glued but I mean you talk about a real desperate reach to come to a rationalization to fire a bunch of young guys and the sad part of it is these are good guys these are guys who are going out of the way to try to let go over to line they've cleaned up their act the last several months they get at the understand they were going to a lot more scrutiny and pressure now they get it sure happens to be a good guy good friend of mine a good friend of George's never stole a freight train no and uh that's a good job I mean it's a it's the only live show in a market to the five more so you suspended guys for a week okay to pacify the nervous neles over their enables corporate you know you'll be a suspended for a few days doctor pay which I'm sure I can make much different anyway yeah like hey more to be on exactly but to blow them out of there to fire them they's the um the fact that we got some humorless bitch in the building that I accidentally supposedly walked by somebody's computer and saw a picture on a website and went crying wow I'm offended everybody's offended it's like the show is though this one's offended by this well you know something if we had a worry about offending people all the time we wouldn't say anything because you can say hello reverse you might just defend somebody am I right absolutely yeah here's a guy I think about him I'm offended without hearing anything from him I'm just offended no one that he's working there still would have story about the bullet my head and uh let's get George fired I mean they're they're talking about uh um an unacceptable workplace did he ever get suspended oh did he get canned oh no nothing happened to him to get to find oh no he's done a zillion things at least I've heard of that any normal workplace he'd have been can't a long time ago but again they're peeing in their pants they're scared of his lawyer and they're scared of this one they're scared of their own shadow must be those big numbers he's good now must be why he's still there and I just use more than example they're I don't want to like pick on him do I yeah he's an excellent example very very sad I'm I'm gonna crank up the music I think we'll get a few more choices for our pool here what do you think I think you should start at the beginning of the oldies like the very first piece of recorded well how about the rock around a clock by bill hey it was the first rock and roll record so they say in the first uh like on the tin foil on the hand crank Mary had a little man was it all right I think it was it let's go to the history the recording industry right but I don't have that long left on a deal let's see unless you finish it on sure WQAM hello yes sir how does one person get somebody fired from what the contract their live with it four people four people got far not one but I mean one person made a complaint right right before people got canned so that mean if I make a complaint against something can I come down there get somebody fired or get a commercial taken off the air probably if you're chicken working here probably I mean I don't I don't have a lot of power I mean it's an American somebody hasn't got you up here it's really a miracle they tried they tried pretty damn hard for long time yeah that asshole in Miami I'd love to see him in person JTO whatever's like I said I don't know whether this one works or not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 year horizon wireless line always always the setup calls always a little test a little ain't gonna work ain't gonna happen WQAM hello yeah yeah yeah yeah you really sound like these guys uh they kind of look pretty cute to get rid of these guys because it doesn't sound like anything that would about to a firing offense to me no of course not so you know it's kind of scary what's going on was what's on the radio these days when it and I haven't hear them you go overnight and uh they were kind of railing against the FCC against Bush and uh you need to think that that was linked to it so if that was the criteria you know I mean you know if if not in Bush was uh get you off this radio station I wouldn't have been on this morning you know I've been off a long time ago well different with you though you see if they take you off they'll be a pretty large human cry so you know if they take these guys off and you know of hardly anybody notices but it's kind of scary what's going on and you know I just don't actually good people keep getting jerked around away Hank got jerked around last week and these guys getting blown out of there this is this is unacceptable the overreacts of the century I mean you know if they would have done something that put the license it's jeopardy or or done something a harm somebody else that works there but but you know for something that innocuous it's pretty pathetic it's embarrassing thank goodness that they decided not to regulate cable but you know these these people are they you gotta have people right the FCC to tell them you know you have to you have to be proactive about that because it's it's really scary it's the first amendment we're talking about here yeah it's uh it's supposed to be a free country good luck was paling yep see you at the port okay see if the reporter control five six seven all you know and never even mentioned this the other day after Robert passed to rally daddy was only forty nine who played the the scuba house painter painter held in on Murphy Brown okay you didn't know who that was what they showed it on the news they said to that was but I never watched Murphy Brown yeah uh corners office said I might have been a drug overdose that we drug parapherfaneidia found and he's dead he was forty nine years old on CBS's Murphy Brown he played Eldon Bernickey an oddball house painter for TV news woman Murphy Brown pay by Candice Bergen Eldon's work never seemed to get done because of his high artistic standards spend much of its time mentally and Murphy's life often dispensing sage advice he finished work with John Kervolder last month on the movie be cool the sequel to the comedy get shorty he played a hitman and now he's dead he died yes he did five six seven oh five six give it get some more choices here for our poll I'm sure what to butcher to word or phrase bugs you the most so far acts as opposed to ask how can a s k b acts okay is there any exynat how about triple x oh god forbid acts for ask is got ninety four already 137 nuclear nuclear for nuclear which are a little bit president says thirty four especially for especially and I don't want to say where we hear that all the time six jewelry for jewelry three realtor for every every terrible realtor for realtor two and mood or mood point it's a mood point for mood point says Eric and Scott one vote and I can't imagine who it was stations stands for nothing all me mister oblivious I'm an idiot and that I'm lousy at management too I've got the right at a two four when things go wrong you know I just ignore it my life I said he said inside the abbreviation and I've got more money than you call me reprimand civil why not your dispense of all outside of the relationship I don't care what you say or do I've just turned the other cheat when the sales polls lie on me and the number's died down the truth so not just a single boy in me it's just a great bit quite a me I've got to get to my trailer by truth to pick up my brand new books rubber Oh! WQAM! G1AM! Can't play that one, h-oh! G1AGROR, you know what the name of the group is? I'm not gonna say it, you say it. Do I homeroose? Can't play that? Like I said, the- Mommering. Yeah! Don't think I have to parade the mommers parade, the homers parade, so we can't play that. Go seriously, let's play some duo, what do you say? Yeah, why not? Gotta feel like I'm going back to the beginning. It's a few end duo shots! Or people who listen to that duo upcrack, man, they need mental help. What is that? What is that all about? Bad. The duo upshot. It ain't really good. What do you mean, is it, though? Well, I still say that Bob Hamilton, Magic's an asshole, even a way to cancel and do up myself. Because he took off that guy that had the duo upshot, and it got a lot of people really been out of shape. Right? Right. 560560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 127 votes for Axo Far and Nuclear as opposed to nuclear is about 42. Everybody else, small potatoes so far. We might not have a long list today, because I'm just in that kind of got to hear up my ass. You know what I mean? Rather real, real here. Here's line 9, QAM. ADL, I don't. Okay, sir. Now, we want to add to the list. Yes. I was just thinking about this. It's that, you know, the word with WITH. How about with? In the list. I brought my gloves with me. That's a classic example. You know, WIV with IFF. Oh, with me. But what about with me? With, yeah, with this. I think with WIT's more. Yeah, it's new now. Okay, thanks, Paul. Okay, bye. See? Make a hole for the runner. Put it on her. Or with or with. I mean, WITH with is not all that difficult. Okay. With not that tough. Hey, everybody. Everybody. Everybody. Who's the one. Who's the one. Who's the one. Who's the one. Everybody. Who's the one. Yeah, I think we ought to go on strike the old station until Joe and Mark are reinstated. You know, suspended for a few days, pacified the corporate and get a back on here. Quit the crap. Quit sticking with his radio station man. What's going on? These, uh, few last couple of weeks is unbelievable. This is, it's unacceptable as what it is. I'm just, I mean, we could just hit still a roll over for it and watch everybody in. All the pieces of the puzzle just dropped, you know, piece by piece. Oh, what do you got up? God tell you what you got. Let's crap. You got nothing left. I said it yesterday. Yeah, even the day before before we knew that this crap was going out with Joe and Mark. I said it the other day. I'll say it again. It's like sitting inside the ruins of Pompeo and it's all just crumbled around you. And that's what's happening. We're seeing it. Just crumbling. Just peeing their pants. June Allison, I understand is over there in Naples now. Doing a killer business. Handing out the pants by the boatload. I like this story. Son of Game Marriage for Wedd's in San Francisco. This is great. This is kind of like Dick Tainian is a dick daughter. David Knight, son of the state senator who was the author of the California ballot measure The Spanish name of the Spanish name is Marige. Defied his father's law and wed his partner of 10 years Tuesday in a quiet ceremony, attended by just two friends in San Francisco City Hall. A rockstone loudwriter tried to put me down. A top to grand staircase of city halls wrote unto the night and Joe Lazarov Baltimore stains the rings and were pronounced spouses for life one month after senator William Peat Knight. Republican upon day proclaimed San Francisco same-sex marriages nothing more than a side show. He said pop to you pop this. What is that picture again on CNN? There's father Tuesday cut. Yankees and the Eut Jersey and Delta's people in the head. You clown you. Yeah. Oh here it is again in slow mode on CNN. On a safe. That's nice for you. There it is. Big shot for the head. Here it is. Here it is. Again. Fuck. Bird man. Wow. Like I said, why not put it on an endless loop you crazy bastard in CNN? Just put it on there over and over again. People I wouldn't know a hockey puck from a lender's bagel and they're just showing it. Be just to make it look bad. Whatever they can do to make it look grotesque. Because of one incident. Let never less. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon world of slime. I got a lot of music. In fact, I could go out today and buy a whole bunch of music. What you don't have, we got here. That's right. And I forgot about that. WQM. Hello. Pretty good. Pretty good. What's going on in that station? Yeah. It's pathetic. I'm a loyal fan of Joe Marks and I will admit it. Right. My judgment might have been clouded but when I hear it's this. I mean if it would have been something set on the air with the sexual connotation or some Right. You know, considering the political climate going on now. This is a bunch of BS. It's totally BS. I'll picture on our friends website that they thought was the race was long gone anyway that somehow and this is what I loved and how come the power 96 salespeople managed to pull us up and leave it on a monitor somewhere so that something could walk by and see it. But somehow somebody saw it and it got offended by it and made a big think about it. This is so I mean such a reach and a stretch. It's just pathetic. And even I like to show it because what you said. It was a local show. Right. It was a good start. It's a local interest and it was good. I know somebody started on the overnight. You know how that's the beginning for them. They could have worked the way up to it but you know better time slot. Eventually when nothing new in the dinosaur but you know what I'm talking about. Dara you know move on to the world. Right. You know and they started everything. They've been over backwards at that station for them. You know to go to QAM management as I asked them to do things and they've done it. First of all they started they were money to Friday. Okay. When most of it started his little BS about how to leave it on Sunday. Then it was Sunday through Thursday because Mo was bitch and belly can he had have a lead in. Exactly. And then when the whole change over was got he came over that they took away one of the hours from the show. They said finally. And then I know for a fact that working without a contract so they got blown out. Well I don't know money to back them up. Right. You know and that's what pissed me off. We want you on mark back on next Monday night. Next Sunday night. I agree with you. If I want to finish this thing. I don't listen to him. I only hear five minutes when I first come in here in the morning and get everything straight. No but I don't have any idea what he was saying. But I think that everybody on this radio station ought to go to bad for Joe and Mark because they're good guys. I mean he overnight isn't like a major component as far as ratings or making any money. But it's just a principle of it. I mean there's nothing that these guys did here that should earn them getting canned. Nothing. You know and that's what makes me more man than anything. I agree with you. I'm going to spend a week or two weeks of I got back to pay. I think they knew we were said it would have been fine. But to get blown and not just one person four people got a set of others. And four people that have been loyal to that station. Okay. And they're just I don't understand what's going on Neil. I mean obviously there's something going there's gotta be more of this story than what's going on. There's personal way to have an act to go in with them or something. But I don't even understand that because Joe Mark like. If you keep in mind this is somebody inside the building who doesn't even work for a QAM. This is some sales bitch from power 96. Well I wish I had that name. Hey well I'm working on it. Take a new. You too. You know they not only are showing the virtuos the more thing they're showing they just had a montage of hockey collisions and fights. And catch and make the postseason. They'll be no good. Oh my god you people at CNN. Seriously they ought to be pulled off here. They're obscene. Make them a stake about if they need to be yanked right off the earth CNN. The world will be a hell of a lot better place for it. How many people have been? Huh? Maybe they could sell a highlight tape of that montage. Oh man. Just frost my and here I thought all the same everything was going along so well. We got to humper a crisis straight enough the other day and we go from one crisis to another crisis. We had the feral business and then we had the hank business. And we got to do a mark business. We had the never ending mob business. Yeah. The mob goes on the mob not just gets. I'm happy anniversary by the way. You have no excuse discussing old Cooot. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. If you look up old Cooot in the dictionary there he is. With that piece. How come this thing doesn't want to play? I can't even play my music now. I'm getting my CD player when I'm strike. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. The moon is part of it. The kakamunes. The moon will blow. The moon will blow. Oh the moon those. Why stand on the moon those. By the way, you've been 55 so much. He L That that. I just hate that stuff. There is definitely something wrong with them. Do a people. O'how about some instrumental? The ventures. Love the ventures. So put up. Oh. I think there's no one. It's ok. Anyway, it's 11 after 11 at 5.60. WQM joined the big O, Orlando Wells, the Gary 11 at one today at Edwin Watts Golf's North Federal Highway location. A half-mile North of commercial Boulevard. The big O, we'll have Honda classic passes and free Sanchez from Atlantic City, Sub-Sense and Iroh, even on the Sanchez-Man won't be there, but nevertheless, today Orlando can be the Sanchez-Gosh. It's a great day. 151 people can't stand that, let me ask you a question for Ash, got us 219. Nuclear, instead of nuclear, 45, especially instead of especially 11, jewelry, instead of jewelry, 5, re-liter, instead of re-altered, 4, mood or move, move, move, move, move, move, move, move, 2, Eric, you're in need of it. Whip, as opposed to whiff, go with me, go with me, go with me, go with me, one. What's this other one? Where did that come from? Peripheral? Huh? Peripheral, instead of peripheral. But it's not the wrong one, isn't even spell right. Now, what do we know? How about spell? It's a smellp. The vegetarians like that spell. What is spell? Words. No, no, seriously, what is some kind of a thing? I feel no. No, you don't never heard of spell, SPELT. Yeah, I heard of it, and I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I don't think I've ever eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it. I've eaten it withared alashi. I've eaten it withared alashi. I have ate it with native alashi. I've eaten it withared alashi. I've eaten it withared genetically. I've eaten it withared Sverige. I've eaten . I've eaten it with herd Creator. I've eaten it withared alashi. I've eaten it with herd takers and!... I've eaten it withared normment turkey. I've also eaten it withared alashi. I've eaten it with  gefallen Welcome. Although, I could tell you something. My hut is golden. Stay still. I'm going to have an advanced Teraz walkthrough. I've eaten it witharedJeremy. When the water is melting. The only way is they sit down for a traditional Irish feast. Here, Jess, try some corn beef. Ew, baby! You know I don't even corn. Don't miss, on newlywed St. Patrick's Day, only on McTV. I'm gonna go to what's called in the other day with the J. and he murkies, though. Yeah. On tape? Right? This is for him. This is magic moment. So different times, so new, it would like any other. I'm still not just you. Oh, and then... J. and he murkens folks, music from before most of you were born. It's 11 17 at 5, 60 WDQM. So we're gonna play a music for next couple of years, but all music, all these. Let's put that frickin' magic right off the map. There you go, Bob Hamilton. What comes around goes around you, scumbag. And he'll teach you to take it in, do pop shop off here, and piss us off, right? Right? Right, we're gonna go really old to like... Ancient, ancient, we're probably value records. Rooody Valley, Glen Miller. Big bands. Gordon Brown and his band of renown, or whoever the hell I was. I put them, Bullest Brown. Huh? I put them, bone drum music. Do you hear what he just said, Josh? No. It was definitely a racial comment. Torrid all started. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and I tell you it's gonna be worth it. It's gonna be worth it. It's gonna finish too if you don't cut the crap. What a light patch stuff. Well, you have plenty of time to listen to it. Oh! I pulled it, as a wood, and bought ten things in. This place is gender- It's a matter of fact. How do you like that? For like a winch thing. I went for new persistence. I was thinking about the losing weight. I stay up to the scale. Okay, that's enough. I'm gonna play two days later. I'm gonna play a black, black, black. That would be bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. I think we're losing contact with reality. At least I am. I'm speaking for myself now. I think that the QAM effect is just, I'm just losing it. Now, reality's boring anyway. That's true. Who do you want to be a real? This is real. Oh! Oh, rock! I think it's a part of your story. You better not pick on Ann Murray. She'll come to your house and beat the crap out of you and your whole family, man. She will. Yeah. It's a man who picked on Ann Murray. Or is it? I think the name is, there's a commenter. It's Murray is the first name. Remember Murray the K? Maybe this is Murray the A. She is Canadian. A 567. 560. Come on. Let's get a whole bunch of calls on you. Are you pissed off? People that are sick and tear this fashions of man? It's disgusting. It's gross. Test it is unacceptable is what it is. WDQAM. Hello. Hi. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Speaking. Yeah, I don't know if anybody voted for following. How about library? Library is good. L-I-B-A-R. Why instead of library? Sorry. No, that was enthusiastic. Exactly. I'm going to tell it. Oh, Valentine's with M. Yeah. Outstanding. Great pair of presents. Thank you. Valentine's Day with M. Valentine. Be my Valentine. Well. Valentine instead of Valentine and a library. Oh my god. You got to be some kind of a moron to say library. Wow. People be laughing their ass off of you from coast to coast. Can you give me directions to go to the library? And then look at you and say, M. Oh, R. Oh, N. Right. That's exactly what they'll spell it out for you. Because they figured you can't understand it. 560, 0560, 0560, all the literacy all the time. I am so nauseated and disgusted and just grossed out by these events that last several days. There are no words to describe it. Then I can say that I can always say that. It's a cute way in. Hello. Hey, I thought a couple words for you. Okay. Is it you, Neil? This is me. Oh, okay. All right. I've been recognized for voice for a second. Yeah. Is TBS? This TBS is good. Yeah. How about the read for? I have a good read for with that first. Yeah. How about those? Yeah. We've got a set you, Ari. Set you, Ari. Oh, I knew we put that on, Ari. We talked about yesterday. Okay. Why do you get that on there? Okay. Bye. Bye. You got all the stuff you were for February. Report instead of rap. What was the first one, which was excellent? God, we got already. Oh, come on. We'll throw the joke. Yeah. Oh, there you go, Josh. What was it? Miss GVs. Oh, Miss TBS instead of misdivis. Right. Now, be careful how you spell those. Well, you know, I mean, after FBC and that one on there that I think who put that on there? That peripheral. Oh, I see. What do you mean, Fabric put it on there? How's he put the stuff on our website? He's a chronic now. Get out of here, which he go, go to the track. Okay. Go to the catch and sign up casting. Put the three over to two five eight because when the three wins the two always hits the board. Where's the other way around? Yeah. When the two wins the three always hits the board. It's another one of those. Right. It's on your arm, boys. Girls. What if the one who says, which is a, the motto is to live by when the two horse wins the three always hits the board. Oh, and a five warmed up giant. God. In fact, if you've had a told me fact, Rich was a instead of playing all these. Listen to me. First life time when in start number two, this is a two year old gilding off at our seven or one. One clear by a couple. You have to just play horse racing. It calls from the from the racing network here on my TV and my digital cable. If you would have just told me, oh, that's another one. I've been told. Right. Well, we could have done it. I would have done it. No, no, no, no, no, no. See, start. First he started with that bone in the nose comment. Now he's getting to this. I don't know. Right. Right. Now Mr. I'm telling you. Oh, here's the, this is the fifth race from Penn National. Yes to the night. Penn National in Philadelphia. Whatever. Or is it where the hell is it? I thought that's a little few of park. I guess this is the other one. You just have liberty bell parking for the little few great harness racing was a fine track and they're out of business. Or do we put that on there? We talked about yesterday business that a business for dinner. Okay. There's an unlimited number of these. How much air v hour we can come up with. About 30 man at least. Maybe 30,000 if I take some calls. But in the meantime, we've got to get this horse racing from Penn National. Good. I'm going to get it. Get him in the gate. Hey, wait. I'm not, I had horse just parted. There we go. Okay. Open the gate. All right, Kenny. All right. Go. Go. Broco for the lead. Good looking devil showing speed. Moving up on the outside. I can't even recall how they're from between horses, Tiberty on helium. Almost big yellow day. That's where a yellow day was this morning. He was a corner races at Penn National. WQAM. Hello. Hey, I'm going to be all right. Are you doing pretty good? Listen, I am. I usually watch a power zone for a lot of the better do source. I need a clock at five. Oh, God. Well, again, there's not much to go with. So, anyway, to get to the point, they had the hockey thing on last night. We can't remember when we got all the chill. They probably had two sports riders on. What was the female? And they were talking about it. And he, the lead and the good or the name. But she said, you've been showing the clip a thousand times all day long. I don't mean to do this. Really? Yeah, they did. She's just told them. And what did Paul say? Paul and just looked at it kind of like a blank face for a while. Yeah, like we miserable bitch don't pee on our parade. We're having a good time with it. But yeah, like he has just the, and now. They must have done it out of spite today because as many times as they showed the last night, they've, they've, they've up the number by about triple today. So, it is. Anyway, just one of the, you know, somebody, was on there on TV last night, spoke out of gas. They looked good. Good for her. She's my whoever she is my new hero. Alright, take care of me. Bye, bye, bye, too. I heard I come. Two now, second with good looking devil. Four outside Thomas F looking to get involved. It's time. Let me say Thomas F. Thomas, what? You'll say that. Nope. We got enough problems already here at QM. We don't need people saying Thomas F. Thomas G, I think it was. Oh, don't say that either. Yeah, yeah. You know what? I think I got a new national anthem instead of the A star snail banner. Yeah. There you go. Everyone's still like that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Drop in, pacing it's sheer co-mattle on the inside, driving out the lead in between horses, S.A. Reble to their party. It's already outside. It's the race way. We're going to borrow. Our outside comes terrific rain. Terrific rain flies up all right. I have the a three over the two five eight by the way. We're just just to cover it. 27 past eleven and five five and sixty QAM. From the folks you brought to you back then comes the latest in home video game intersing. I like that. I like it a lot. That was a little bonus. You took a lot of mine and local rear sports radio five sixty QAM. The most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to the station. Here's my story, San Batrou. A bottle called Syphalisou. Alright. Had a bug and ran it around. Give it to every guy in town Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey I don't want it, hey, hey I don't want it, I don't want it Hey, hey, hey, hey I shouldn't have known it from the bottom of the air I didn't know it was the year I got a drift A bottle of always be with you So stay away from the surface through And it took a closer, you'll see my eyes You still don't have to say, tell my friend, oh mind You gotta fix it now, I've got it too So people away from the surface through here Keep away from that girl Up there, no sugar, no turn out Give away from that girl She likes to sleep around, yeah She's sitting with my fashion out We didn't get a star to come Now I'm afraid to fall in all these little girls Throw it from the guy in the nose You still have a hole in where this fungus goes And it's getting full, I'd chew out the news Fuck you away from the surface through here Keep away from that girl I don't know what to do We're hopping in the time machine Oh, don't you come along and dream No, here's the golden birthday From WQA Right now Here's my story, it's sad but true Who's about to build out what's new? She took my love, then ran around Who will ever sing all the time? You got the golden, stop it, fan it me I want to tell a fan what I heard of I'm gonna sing those star-years-long I want to tell everything I know I want to break up the singer-five Well, people sound about it's got to go You know, Neil told Rich, Richie told the bird For it's all any, any told mother Tell her, have to $2,5, be talk I'm gonna tell everything I know You know, like that 27 till noon at D.A.D. on, he's got something else You know what? And he just like Rich Shaw still wearing that same smelly camp 560560, let's see his Brian Sears in his race 14 to one in the seven horse race Brian Sears from the middle lands race number 7 from last night It's coming up momentarily with a great kin working to nana call So we got a little bit of something for everybody today, you know Yeah, you knew it What? WQAM? QAM? Yes sir Neil, where's the van? Close to me today Where's the wine? The QAM van, he said it was at the ball station 11 to one, it's supposed to be at Edwin Watts, golf, no not at a golf station Edwin Watts, golf, New York Federal Highway location I have found it with a commercial Edwin Watts Half a mile north of the commercial That's what it says here, I'm federal I'll be darn well, I guess I got a flat tire I'll be okay Well, the big one I'll take care of it for you, he'll fix it He's got plenty of hot air He'll pump it up Yeah, WQAM hello Please, it's definitely WQAM hello Yes, is this Neil? Speaking Neil, I've been away from the radio, maybe you've addressed this issue But anyways, I called her earlier the date of your offices Down there in North Ma'am, Florida Yes sir And I was informed that it's totally erroneous That Joe and Mark have been dismissed It's a chain of commands such that nobody knows whether or not they still work there Or what? We know they don't work here, they were fired yesterday, they don't work here Because I called to suggest that at least keep Mark with that mask on a program I'm not a big mask on Mark doesn't do the mask on program, Joe doesn't as far program okay That's what I'm saying because it's a key to keep up that mask on program And they don't know they haven't been fired Somebody talk about who did you speak to? Probably that of not just receptionist But I hear so much about on the other of course Well, he don't know nothing, okay Call and talk to like a real human being would be good He'd be twin horses Battle smoke from the inside with piece of cake Cosmos around the first turn is Parker and a carland Ace, Carland Ace and Battle Smoke Because firing early here comes Sun hills Alberto up on the outside From third is Parker urges on Carland Ace Piece of cake Cosmos is for what then Trotting comfortably there with shadow on the inside fifth cup 560, 560, pound 560 We're all over the place today, I like it Yeah, we're gonna have a whole new format here Just make sure you don't put that playboy channel on whatever you do The king's trying to organize now Shipman grab my arms bar I have something to tell you I don't know what I'm gonna do WCWM hello Hello Neil? Yes I have to tell you how about from my new friend Go eat and go be What is it? My new friend say, the one goes to good going I say good go be Goldie Now I'm gonna leave Goldie out of this, okay But we did do that New York one yesterday Lore, LAWR is supposed to law That's what the law says That's one of the most upnotches Even though there's so many of that northeast New York boss and kind of stuff But that's one of the most obvious the law, it's the law Like I like to Bible, it's for law WCWM hello Yeah, I got a just as realist a couple of things Go ahead People who say I could care less when they really mean say I call I couldn't care less Excellent when I hate that Oh, it drives me up a wall There are some mean nuts Also, you said Rock-Rown clock was the first rock-Rown song Well, I mean that's what they say That's what they say Number one I think, but if they always say rock 88 was the first one Why? Rock 88 Jackie Princeton is actually the I turner band I never heard of it Check it out, it's a good rock number Okay All right, rock 88 Jackie Princeton was listed as a thing But it was really the I turner band Okay, well, we'll check it out in the doov shop Okay Well, check it out in the doov shop Oh Oh, he's so nice And he's like a guy He's like Jeff Hansa song that was written about Drake Burr A housekey of the leaf And some water And some water And some water Is there anybody who has any idea what we're talking about here Oh, good, that's the way we like it Then we might actually have a chance to keep this show on a year What's the start figuring out what you're talking about then? You got trouble Then you got real tourists What put your word or phrase bugs you the most is what we're asking On the arroggios.com Don't forget to take a peek behind the bait beat in curtain We got Naomi Campbell There's a delish 113 voices what we got At least there's no yogurt in that picture anyway Right, right the bank probably will order Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Instead of ask 288 not that is even close New killer instead of nuclear 68 Especially instead of especially 12 Jewelry instead of jewelry seven Relitor instead of real six With instead of with three Library's got a pair Moot or moot instead of moot I just left idiotic Eric, why did you do that? Porphyry, oh instead of peripheral too February one Then this one Carabian Well, what is that? Where are these coming from? That's it. That was me coming here. Okay Well, what is that? Carabian never heard someone like Carabian Carabian? You see, I hate to break the news to you Mr. Shrimp But it could be pronounced either way it could be Carabian or Carabian Shrimp head Shrimp Get that off of there now Man, oh man We got a rocket scientist or what Ah Valentine instead of Valentine's Tod instead of in Tod I've been told many times Spelth Nobody called in told us what spell is It's a kind of wheat I know that Yeah, but I don't know what the deal is Miss TV isn't said a misto is don't have any And I could care less is supposed to I couldn't care less Hasn't got any out of 32 Carabian Oh god Please let me out of here I'm going to jump right out the window Right after the break right after the pipe you more good oldies for you Oh No It's It's a reflection Oh I always thought it was like a misclover or cliff creature myself 19 till noon at 560 W to QA and spring into savings right now and save a ton of cash like never before on a new car truck from Armstrong's Toyota homestead You'll find them on US-1 just 20 minutes south of the 836 Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth a drive no matter where you live to save yourself A cramplot a new house cash on your new Toyota Check out these unbeatable leased deals waiting for you right now And oh for camera your 4 runner for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months How about an old 4 Highlander for just 309 a month If you need a truck here's a great deal And oh for Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America And oh for the best of all And oh for the best of all And oh for the best of all And oh for the best of all Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America Just a measly 179 bucks a month for 48 months These are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong's Toyota homestead With the tool increases on those people using cash now Armstrong's Toyota homestead will give you free sunpass when you get your new car truck too General manager David Rich and the staff will do whatever it takes to even stand on their head To get you to a great new Toyota today So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference The old locally operated committed 100% customer satisfaction and do it right for you Their service department is even open late week nights to late to make sure your service work is done And done right easy to get there. The US one in 23rd in homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 So please don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promise under delivering Get some of their dealerships under false pretence with a bunch of BS do the smart thing called David Rich Armstrong's Toyota homestead GM305 2423247 That's 305 2423247 Travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of homestead My mind and all this is for you My secret You I'm the only Being gay in the world today takes everything you've got You're now you want to be legally married just because you're squat Wouldn't you like to get away? Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay I hear that key west is okay Okay You want to be down on your knees your salad toss and go away You want to go where everybody knows you're gay Being gay in the world today I think is really nuts Your lifestyle makes you smile You like big hair, you bots We don't you hate those car keys change Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows you're gay Okay I think that less beings are great I keep on the list right by you yes from a girlfriend seems okay You want to go where everybody knows you're gay All right You want to bend for your best friend but I think on his cake You want to go where everybody knows you're gay Being gay We've been burned this golden gaser Wonderful Double you to am I know you want to be a man I know you to let you go To pop up a plea for your safety I don't mind, don't you mean that question me Oh All the more town all the time it's our new format starts at midnight tonight on QAM 13 till noon, and what are we going to do without sports? Huh Oh, we can't parents hang around he can read the scores in between all the great motown hints What do you say sounds like a leader to me? You can do talk ups Come on parents, be the all the laws for is the rapey cell or a lot of little part All linked in Oh Wow Ha ha ha That was great Rectomb I 148 trotzel noon Didn't think I was going to let you do that didn't you? I Five sixty WQAM Who's this on there? Who's this guy on CNN? Nemo. Kept it up. Tell us what you did for that. Academy award-winning movie we can call it. Almost human. By the way, did a Johnny Depp pictures come out? What's it called? I don't know. Yeah, you do. A secret window I think. That's a secret window. The thing about Johnny Depp, we signed a fact that he's such a great guy. Looks pretty good. Uh, that makes him a great actor. You know what it is? What? He never is the same twice. If you think all the different movies he's been and he's always he's never Johnny Depp playing somebody else. He's always some different freaky strings, whatever, you know? Right. Like Johnny Depp. As opposed to like the actors that, well, I spent your Tracy who was always a Spencer Tracy. I mean, no matter what. No matter what. Yeah. I hate to say it like all the Tina was becoming. Al Pacino's become the same thing except the course that one. Glenn Gary. As a matter of fact, I don't even know if you're aware of this. Then I have this. What you probably do because you get a copy of the disc right. The AC and disc. No, no, I'm talking about Boca Brian. Oh, yeah, yeah. So you know. Nobody should talk to me. That way. How are you talking to me that way? I'm going to talk to me that way. Like a train. I work here. I didn't come in here to be this train. Not a bunch, please. That's where I come in a work today. That's why I come in. I'll let you know. That's why I came in here. I thought I'd let you know. I don't want to go to the line. I've got a lunch, George. What do you see get off talk that way to a working man? We're taking outside. We have people trying to do business. That's what I came in for. That's what I'm trying to do. I mean, I'd be disabled. I'm excuse me. I need disabled. I need disabled. That's not right. That's not. That's long as I do. You get out of here. Will you get out of here? Will you? I'm trying to run an office here. Now will you go to lunch? Go to lunch. No. Will you go to lunch? No. It sounds like he made Kevin a little spacey. What a great movie. Glenn Gary Glenn Hill. Good Ross. Go on and a rented by at steal it. You're love it. And that one arc is very under appreciated. And we want to dedicate that to that bitch of the power 96 sales department, whoever got Joe and Mark fired. Hope you're real happy, honey. Hope that you're all pacified and calm down. You don't see no pornographic pictures, no more. On somebody's monitor. And the way to solve it is just to keep them blinders on. Don't be taken a peek every now and then. Probably a good idea. WDQAM. Hello. I knew it was up, man. Yes sir. I was over to you on Mark, man. You know what I meant? They need to handle there right now, man. I want to know. I want to know that you heard the song. Exactly. They're blueberry animals. What they need. They need a man. That's not the truth. Why am I a little hate? You know we do the kids like that. Yeah. Five, six, seven, open. Five, six. Five, six, something. Pound five, six, be on the AT&T. No, the burning tire thing. That's her cubins in Miami. No, that's South Africa. No. Burning tires. You're forgetting the alien days, man. You're talking about the higher fires and talking about the flaming necklaces. Would you just forget about Africa? Please. Pretty please. Put away the bond rules. People are starting to talk. Don't be hungry. You and precious. WQAM, hello. I knew this is Kym and I got another highly mispronounced word for Kym. Okay, Tim laid on us. What is it? Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. B-I-R-F. Birthday. Yeah. My birthday. Exactly. Well said. Thanks a lot, Tim. Okay. Why do people say that? I mean, I just don't get it. See, the thing to me is when you hear other people speak and you hear them say, can I ask you something? Why do you say, well, ask me anything you want. I don't get that. I don't understand it. You can hear the way other people speak. You hear the way the word is supposed to be pronounced. And you just talk crap. I don't get it. When those other people are a different color and you have contempt for their color. No, what about nuclear? Nuclear. Oh, that's just a literacy. Chiny Carter. President Bubba. Are you picking on our president Bubba again? Well, this one. Double Bubba. Good. Rubba Bubba? I think that's in the mic. That's nothing. Rubba. 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless 9. If you tune in late, we've had a real massive QAM again. For sympathetic advice to ourselves, Bitshit power 96, who was offended by some images on somebody's computer screen there in the power 96 sales department in the bullpen, whatever they call their thing, and the bullshmit pen. And what crying demand is meant in the course management rather than handling it intelligently and just saying, well, let's give her an apology and it's unfortunate. They got to go to corporate crying, oh gee, we got to make your problem here. Oh, it's you know. And corporate said the fire is you and Mark. And the to and Mark and flight and Anthony, they're gone. They're done. They're fired in history. And we're trying to do whatever we can to bring these people back to their senses. And if you want to, like I said, suspend him for a little while, cut off those big pay checks, but cut the crap. Okay, quit this embalming, this radio station. What is it going to stop? That's what you're seeing. You're seeing the disembowling of WQAM, which is pretty damn strong words, but that's what they're doing to it. You need a lot of, I guess because it's a sports station, maybe if it's right, you need a lot of an escrow card and a pencil that a bigger racer on it. WQAM, hello. Hi, is this George? Yes. How are you? Pretty good. How you know? I'm all right. Wanna speak to Neil? Yeah. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Pretty good. Let me just hang on one second. Go ahead. Just want to net down. I want to let you know that your show is phenomenal. It is. That's phenomenal. And the price is right, too. And what the basis me is how little down here, in self-lory, you can listen to. And what I can't get over is the, how this country is going exactly in reverse. And I wonder, what I'm wondering, is, could you comment on why in the hell are we such a concerned? What do you say why in the one? Why in the heck, I'm sorry. Why is this such a, I imagine a musco back to the puret and found it. Yes, that's right. It's just incredible to me. I mean, I, I, I, I sent an email that night that I heard about how we're going off. To clear channel to the FBC. It's just, it's just incredible. I'm like, oh, we becoming a third world country. I mean, here I'm, I'm sitting here. I've got a computer that's got like 5,000 comedy bits in it. And I've got to sit here, ping in my pants. Try to figure out which ones will not offend Michael Powell, which ones we can still play on here. And we've been playing this stuff for like 20 years now for, for more than 20 years. And students been doing his act for over 20 years. And now we got to cut this out and we can't do this. And we don't want to offend him. This is really scary. And a public is just oblivious. They just have to prove it. I agree with you 100%. CNN is busy showing a hockey thing a 4 million times an hour is opposed to saying, hey, guess what? The bill of rights is going down the toilet. Absolutely. In fact, to me, the only news that I can watch is the movie. The only news like I watched down here is BBC News. Yeah, very good. Because the rest of it to me is totally tabloid nonsense. In fact, I'm glad you mentioned that. The state of high-end alerts prior to elections. Well, no, we knew that. There you go. They're showing all embodies and Madrid now. Let me ask you a question. Where do you broadcast from? Where do I broadcast from? My apartment in Toronto, man. Oh, you're living up there. Well, I would go part of the time. Interesting. Because I'd love to go to work for you guys. Because like, I'm sure. I'm sure. Well, stay tuned. I'm going to be a lot of opening soon as what I'm hearing. I'm very. I said, good luck to you, pal. Take a good look. He'll keep up the good work. There's like, okay. Don't step up a 4-0. Because it's a famous in death. It's not out of you. It's a 4-0. It's a 4-0. What? Yeah. You want to work here? I'm going to leave you. Thanks a lot. Okay. You got it. What is it? Oh, no. You're never going to hit. You're going to show me the 186th dead now. More than a thousand who didn't know 10 blasts in Madrid. From those, uh, relax. Yeah. I'm both fast. I'm going to go on the top. I'm going to go on the top. I'm going to go on the top. That's wrong with the little moatown. I think we get at least a 2-0. Don't you? Yeah. I think that would teach them a lesson in Tudu. Start is start re-evaluating their whole approach to life. And this this Greg read, you know, Cowering off into closet somewhere and telling Duff and clearance to come and tell me this and tell me that. I mean, come on. Grow up already. Will you please you're supposed to be in a duck. You're supposed to be the general manager of three major market radio stations. And you act like some kind of a pussy man. You'll call me, you'll I didn't do this. I didn't do that. Oh my goodness. Wow. What a sad story. Let me 56 for minutes till known a QA and we got what's his name? I too. And then before. And then that hockey team the Florida. At the 7 o'clock tonight 7 30 a game time. Edmonton you ought to play the frogs. You know, dial a mattress. No, nothing is more important than the safety of your family. Unfortunately, thousands of Americans do die every year in home fires. And bobbing mattresses. Now a common myth is that these are because of careless cigarette smokers, but statistics really show that the vast majority of these fires are started by kids playing with matches. Serta now offers a new line of fire retardant mattresses called fire blocker to dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape. There are also a lot more comfortable, durable and supportive than ever, so you won't sacrifice comfort for safety. According to new regulations, all no mattresses are going to be fire retardant with an ear, but until then, Serta is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard right now is in today. Dalam Actress is the only retailer who can deliver a new certified blocker to you today. So, call them at that toll free number, call 1-800 mattress for same day delivery. Dalam Actress has got a certified blocker in the traditional double-sided design so you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection. Dalam Actress takes your family safety seriously. You ought to be doing the same. There are proud to be among the nations. First retailers drop it as great new line of fire blocker mattresses. So for delivery like same day, call them right now that we knock an onion door in no time at all, call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRESRONLINE as mattress.com. 9-5-1-1-6-4-3-5-6-1-2-A-M. Hey, this is Steve Goldstein. If you can call me, tell me whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of hour. Dad! 5-6-8-W-U-A-M 7-W-U-A haveed. Steering hardly fief the fire state, as such a bill bill Tanner. The proper breed has Colonel Grekk Reed. Shelving lettering as Jeffott and Andy Dick's Add Drive Club Landing. What you are problem-linzy? I can get what happens on stage! One! Who can out there on the grinders? Oh, hey! What! I mean, yes sir! Stepnently on those heel sister! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! You are being on! One hundred! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! You are being on! One hundred! Hey, buddy, we gotta hide it on the point... You are a deep open! I heard that private people! Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey! I have something to point to kind of resolve it on the double! Why, yeah, certainly. For a port and a zorded kind of reeds, yeah! Well, that is private, thanks sir! And now look at it! There's a mole in the company! Oh, sir! But yes! And I'd like to know that might be! Well, I, yeah! I think it's you, sir! Oh, no! No, no! It's still never know it's me! Oh, run away! Come on, hey! Stop it! You can't hide it! I don't do what I've been told! I don't do what I haven't told! Think like a woman and she just looks so, Think like a woman and she just looks so, Yeah, go, yeah, go, yeah, go, yeah, go! Yeah, go! Fort, hold, yeah, go! Yeah, go! Pick up with that squeaky boy! Do you feel sad eh? Now drop and give me 24-shops! Right now! I'm too squeaky! Do you squeaky! No! Not that way! That way. No. On top of Carroll. Ah! Yeah! Yeah! No. No. How do you want me to come to the barracks and play the new swing? Come on, Steve. Stop. Got you. Got you kids, man. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, right. That's good, man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. That's good, man. Swimming my mouth to hold and hear. Everyone starts still dead. That's a bad news. Twelve or three of them. I'm supposed to be. During the break. What's your problem now? Talking to me? Yeah. You sound like you're distracted. Not me? Good. During the break. I sound like I just slipped on the thing. It went like. Yeah. Pulled a minute quicker. Covered. That was good. Keep everybody on their toes. That's the way to do it. A QAM 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What? What? What your word or phrase bugs you the most? X for S? 245. Nuclear instead of nuclear 79, especially instead of especially a dozen. And after that, everything is single digits. Like almost nothing. In fact, told instead of told is gotten on. And Mr. TV is instead of Mr. This has gotten on. I don't fear to read any two votes. Spell is got one. Somebody knows what spell is. I'm trying to count on a wheat. Some kind of a wheat. Some kind of a weed? Weed. Smoke some. WQAM. Hello. Hello. I'm calling for Neil. Speaking. K.L.R.U. Let me turn the radio down. Okay. Listen. First of all about Joe. He is like the perfect employee. I mean, that guy is a very stand-up guy. And, you know, he knows the rules. And he, you know, he, I can't imagine. This is like a crazy thing. So, anyway, I'll move on. But we were talking about the big old being at the golfs at once, golf today. Oh! Big hole. And this is what he says. He always says field gold. Now, that's right. Field gold? Yeah. He always says field gold. Field gold. I've never, let me tell you. Other people say it too. Did they kick a field gold? No, I never heard that in my life. The field gold. Sounds like something somebody has strut nearly a liter of an idiotic would say. Field gold? He says it all the time. Field gold. Okay. Anyway, that was a big old thing. Okay. Thanks, pal. So, by John the Airbro. Me too, at least for today's team. I can talk you here. Okay. I'll be right back. Oh! Don't put that on there. It's a big old. The big old. It's a big old. It's a big old. It's a big old. It's a big old. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! That could be the best song ever made. The Eisley Brothers this whole heart of mine. I think if I had asked right now if you put the pressure to me, I'd say that's a greatest song ever recorded. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Is there any doubt about it? Oh, yeah. There you go. What? Yeah. I doubt it. Boy, you're full of cramp. How do you like that? Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Well, it's not so good. Holy moly is all I can say to that. In fact, you know, something playing all these from 2 to 5 and more, you would be better than this. Holy news radio. There you go. At least temporarily till they come to their senses and put you in Markback on again. Don't you think? Why not? Maybe they could come back and just do that. Now you're getting carried away. Because they probably have some stripper in there in the background, you know, while they're playing the oldies. Gambling knows what they'll be doing. You know those guys. Yeah, yeah. And check it out. How about you and you walk around the Alcair? Because you get, let's check it out. Go to that site. Yeah, go to that data-relyves site. And in fact, check out Greg's brain while you run that data-relyves site. WDQA, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. I was listening a little bit yesterday with the words and the mispronounce and whatever. And I got a couple here. Okay. Well, this is just from the Miami thing. It's just from the Miami thing. When they want to say mine as a, you know, mine possessive. They say mines with an SDN. That's mines. Really? Yeah. And then what about people who's piggy banks and they put two EEGs on the end of the world like I like it. Like it is. Like getting it like I did it. Sorry, like I did it. Like I did it. I like it. Like I did it. I like it. Like I did it. I like it. Like I did it. I love it. I like it. Anyways, and then one that really pisses me off and I've always correct and people on this. And even some I intelligent people say this, but the word eerie godless doesn't exist. It's regardless. Yeah, we talked about the SDN. I'm glad you reminded me because that definitely should be under getting a lot of votes today. Excellent. People always say eerie godless and this one's thing is eerie godless. But absolutely correct, sir. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thanks, amigo. Thank you. Okay. Get that on there right away. That's the most important one. That's not important. Very good. WHAT HAVE I Dennifies a big group, Thyself the entire world. Fife although Gisborne is quelque, Dat simple everso painful. Keeping thena says a few likes of Ayr potential. 4th 12th 100. Fa. the pound five sixty on the AT&T. You see part of the problem with this whole thing that came down with Michael Powell on the FCC and his religious goodie to shoot crazy people part of the problem is that nobody understands it even them. But when you when you create this extension of it to the point where you're so paranoid and psychotic about everything and anything. Then it just becomes you might as well just shut it off. See what I'm saying. You guys will just shut down or just play a lot of music. All right, well, I leave that out. Motown because we know what that was going on in Motown. A lot of that. A lot of bullets flying in Motown. I don't know what that level is. Smokey Robinson in the miracles and ooh baby baby. Yeah, sounds a little close to the line. I mean, it's a real deal. I'm Marvin Gays still this. I'm not like a Max made in purgatory to me. Am I right? I'm a demon in you. I took one look at you. This could be the greatest record you've ever seen. I think so. But that's right. You know like Marvin Gays. I'm just fine. George is anti-gay. You know like Marvin. Yeah, you like Marvin Blomman, but not Marvin Gays. I'm sorry. You're not going to be a demon. Always being in time. You're going to be a demon. Oh. No, no, no. You're going to be a demon. Are you sure? No. You're all my team. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's the award winner right there. You ain't heard nothing in. I'm going out today and buying $50 million worth of music. Do you believe me? No. No. How about $50? We got lots. Maybe how about 30 bucks Canadian. That's about $25 US. Anyway, it's 11 past noon at 5.60 WQM. If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked and would like to have a new high paying career and a real life for a change. But you don't have all the cash in the four years it takes to invest in college. Here's the answer for you. Just make one easy call. See, I wish we had a way to do that on there too on this poll. We're doing it today where they pronounce the S like New Jersey and E.C. But there's no way to do that. Is there? No. I don't know. You're on the same? Yeah. It's easy. And what this is easy to change your life call fast train toll free at 1-8-6-6 fast train because they can have you train in certified for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career and is the last four short months. That's true. You can be fully trained already for your new career and is little as four count them short months. Fast train offers dating and weekend classes to fit around your schedule too. They offer job placement assistance financially for people to qualify. Fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve. Use it as a body-one convenient to where you live. Don't delay. Check them out on the web first at fastrain.com and pick up the instrument and make the call. I could change your life give you a real career and a big fat pay check that goes along with it. Call them today. 1-8-6-6 fast train and be sure to tell them that time-dreck and it sales brought at 496 totally the call. You're welcome! I'm out of your mood! This is the switch we need to apply 16th of July. Push 8th days. Push 8th days. See how her pass. A gay amendment then. The octopentances for their daughter become a married home. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. We've discussed it unless you have the wokenest push 8th days. Push 10th days and start already, iuadassen. Lightwise. Over and over 30 times every minute and when they show it from the side it's he belongs in jail I'll tell you that right now. That's a song sure. That's the salt is what he did That's got nothing to do with hockey this Bob McKenzie was supposed to be this fan and some of these eight million hockey experts up here He was on this morning on one of the 85 sports channels How can I try and go and out of a while? And you know as part of our game of a bond even those is an defense of and making some excuses That's not part of any game. That's a salt Grants think I've had a back of the jersey so it's to bring him to a halt blind signs and from from the Smax of it ahead from behind and then pummel him down to the ice so that it hits his and it was gonna hit him again before he got restrained He's not a violent person. He said. Oh, yeah, I'm so sorry. I apologize to late Tulate screw you Retose you get said that's next 12 games of the season plus the playoffs He's got a half a million bucks the team is out 250,000 conucks and he ought to be just banned from the game Set an example and I put his crap already All this tearful bull crap. I heard that bitch that calls them mo about hockey with hell's her name Shelly whatever name is that 80-year-old bitch. I think she's the one I was in the game that night with the binoculars across to me outside of macaroon Oh, how come you just sit there during the game? I bought you the whole night with the binoculars. I said one to watch the game instead of what weren't about me. I think that's her Going out of a while. She saw his apology last night and it made her feel a little bit bad for him You're right Shelly typical QM hockey expert just like the guys you was talking to Mo and the big oh They know they're hockey crap W to QM hello What rockwiler? Get rockwiler. I never heard that a lot harder many many times They've they probably said it, but I ain't never heard it. Okay Okay, thanks Probably got that guys opposed to probably Man, what kind of a lazy ass? That's how many lazy says that sure probably say a lot of time when you had it all up 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and a very treacherous Thursday March 11th I'll tell you that right now boys and girls things are not looking good on your radio dial Things are getting darker and darker and grimmer and leaner and meaner make no mistake about it W to QM hello Yes, sir. I got another word for you about something Ask you something yeah, I see more that seem worse when they use it Let me back for right-hand when how old you're knees smack a red man head Thanks, probably something can I ask you something are you gonna spell that S you and the I in something S you M P I in yes some 567 0 560 pound 560 see this list could go on forever, but so there are thousand but 30,000 different things that people miss pronounced and butcher when just mangled and that's because there ain't no such thing as education in America They just continue with this what do they call it social promotion man? Well, you're so many years of age We got to move you head because otherwise it's too embarrassing Even though you can't spell squat can't make it X where your name is supposed to be on a contract W QM hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. I got a cup for not there on the list But I'm okay. There's a speech a problem where they say Scrape for straight They say what a screen for straight They put a little skirt S C R or Screefe Ain't never heard that one no more great. They say scrape yeah, never heard that one yeah, I think the pros say that a lot. I never heard that Check it out okay. I'll check it out Get the first redford nurse see what he's gonna do That's a bonnet set as best right it is Screefe, you sure seem to be an expert on all this stuff. You must tell you what a bunch of shims. Yeah He hangs with the homies. Does it really yeah, well that good Of course with what he's making now they're gonna probably move my to the hood pretty soon I'm 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line W QM hello. Yeah, hi talking deal speaking. Oh, hey, Neil I got a word for you there. It's a cross in The cross is magnificent with a t on the end. Yeah, you bet you I hear that a lot the street. Yeah I hear that a lot and also on your website there was this extremely interesting article about the family members of 911 Responding to Rush Limbaugh's State of the day and if you go on that 911 family member website They have an extremely interesting About 25 questions that they're asking About 30 questions that are unanswered by the Bush administration. They're really pointed and Makes for some good reading so I recommend that whoever's listening yeah, it's a link to a right on the historic Yeah, it's exactly it's outstanding anyway Neil love your show. Thanks, Palin. All right, man. Bye. See you Let's go across the street. Okay. What do you say? All right get some schwitz You're not doing it right now. I am some scams there. Scams See when he says that I keep thinking like no seams Right, it sounds a little bit like no seams. We got those in here too. Oh, yeah Close your hell out of me. Can't see him can't afford to have it exterminated. I think that's what we need a QI if you catch my drift We need an exterminated What we need a QIM Yeah, a lot of insects a lot of insects and rodents run around on the loose we need an exterminator QIM Man, maybe we ought to sense somebody a message. He called Joey Zazan Greatest Canadian group ever lived. I'll take it that right now I mean, we're coming saying no I'm re-in but Where you going? No, I'm different than you should be Like I said, this could be the greatest song in a history of music You know I can song Well, you like the greatest I'm a little bit afraid Make them a snake and blue There are better Canadian group than how about rushed. They're not as good as Guess who? No, the little bit difference. It's tough to compare them because one's modern and one's nuts Right, but still guess who is the back guess who is just impeccable man. They're great Burton Cummings. What a voice see what a talent in fact they were here last summer at that stone's thing the SR's deal So SARS gate yes, they were whatever that stuff is and so was rush And the cake and pop and pills Oh, I'm rush and also well, let's say another group I keep telling you about the Univer hood of Joey Emily Astarlan Zazan Joey and oh whoever that is Great group rental url what is it Joey Reynolds in the and the rants Rats in my room by Joey Reynolds in Tom Shannon that one's coming up. We'll find that How much a book of Ryan's got it 560 or listen to this house bands that move to band lawsuits blaming obesity crashes on a fast food in his three They had two lunatics debating on cross far yesterday what an novelty Both idiots want a turny and he didn't even understand that a on and the the Republican congressman from Michigan keeps doing it at well You know There's a big difference here at nicotine is addictive. You got it and he didn't really have the right answer the right answer is so is fast food So are we fine carbohydrates? That's why everybody is so fat So here's a lawyer they want to sue all of these a fast food giants and he doesn't even understand the facts And I'm gonna say it again if you can sue Philip Morris and all these other tobacco companies because they hook you on addictive nicotine and because cigarettes kill See at least they put it on the package now for less many many years They put it right on the package practically a skull and crossbones warning the surgeon didn't was determined You're gonna get lung cancer and for seeing when you're gonna die if he smoked his crap Once the last time we went to the kiddies and on the back of the Fries the little red fry box this is says they're warning on air skull and crossbones. It says Mcdeff No, there's a smiley end. Yeah, there's a little smiley Ronnie McDonald whatever it is Paula crap So if you can sue the tobacco companies you sure is all to be able to sue the fast food giants because they hook you on addictive We find carbohydrates and it's not a myth. It's absolutely true. Trust me when I tell you okay? Trust me or not 560 pound 560 on the 18 did we get the name of that the broader power ninety six yet by the way? No Because I think what I'll do is I'll buy a full page head and in a hero. I have page in a herald and son Sentinel And put it in there Say here's the broad that got Joe and Mark fired Because she was so offended because WQM and power ninety six are because Greg weed is running on not house there And everybody's pissed off and offended and bitter and hateful and the 70s other in the back and the front and the backside Back home anywhere they can stick it Man, what a place what an unhospitable Environment WQM hello How about six in a do that or I'll still gonna do that fixin. I'm fixing to well go to law I'm gonna go on do that All right Now what are we how do you do that? I don't know that started out in the hills now I'm fixing to go over here Yeah, that's less a Yahoo thing that's a nose pick and thing I'm fixing to go over to the mall I'm fixing to go get in the haircut and that's another poll we could do one per category here We could do you could on it pick on expegonics yeah Cotton little cotton to your can around here. I used to kind of pick on a bee's leaves again now Bans your boy WQM hello not there online one online one is got a little bit of a glitch to it WQA and hello Hello, yes, man. This is WID No, it's WQA. I'm sorry. That's what I'm we are to them just drop that you even thought that I'm sorry What I'm propinator over here yet go ahead when I was college I worked at long gone sovers and They come in order to swim in an orange drink Wow Swim I'm getting a hang of that now That's have lessons all right I'll see you on johns. Okay. Thanks. All right. Bye bye We could do language live hey, hey, guys some strips and I Are drink Switzerland Sim I don't I I got to get around here get out of the house more I think Or maybe not like I said maybe lost a little bit. Oh, okay 26 past noon at 5 60 WQM your illiterate station for the new millennium your house that you're in hospitable station I think I just did this spot, but we'll do it again because you know We don't want to miss don't mess with my log speaking of inhospitable well you sure So I do yourself a lot of real prices there Greg a lot of very pleasant people you know Like the a water nancy and at bitch screw in that's the problem there But of course those people are they're there for life for the duration and what I mean They have a life and I think maybe because they have the pictures speaking of images and pictures I think they had the pictures You know a diamond mattress knows nothing is more important than the safety of your family Unfortunately thousands of Americans die of ear and home fires involving mattresses a common myth is that these are careless cigarettes smokers Statistics however reveal that the vestment during these fires are started by a little kids playing with matches or maybe even Figure kids certain now offers a new line of fire retardant mattress is called fire blocker To dramatically slow the spread of fires and give families critical time to escape They're also more comfortable durable and supportive than ever So you won't sacrifice comfort for safety according to the new regulations all new mattresses are gonna be Far returner with an ear but until then Surged is the only major brand exceeding this fire safety standard now as in today Dalmatris is the only retailer can deliver a new certified blocker to you today So call 1-800 mattress now for same day delivery Dalmatris has got certified blocker need traditional double-sided design So you get two beds for the price of one with double the protection Dalmatris takes your family safety seriously in their proud of a mungmanation's first retailers to offer this new line of fire blocker matrices So sleep so safe tonight and for a long time to come like I've been doing for years with a mattress from Dalmatris call 1-800 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out online at Magpress.com I You're supposed to be a You You You You We're hopping in the time machine Oh Come on and take Go and thank you for WQ Right now Oh You Yours cold as ice You're willing to sacrifice all love This a little tease for the new format a QM stirs admit night tonight all the oldies all the times we turn back that clock to the M-Time machine I radically the new format is the old format right and look how big those numbers were back in oh and back in the day Including the first song I heard in America Since you really early we got these guys those guys Underrated you know of course a lot of people don't like foreigners Why are they so underrated to great I agree with you don't you think you're underrated Yeah, yeah, I like great who to how mentions foreigner nobody Too many foreigners that's the problem Coral springs high senior Suez after ACT score is rejected. This is this is almost as Shocking and scandalous as the unconscionable firing of Joe and Mark and plan and Anthony A high school senior suing the giver of an national college assessment exam after rejected the score she'd received on her second try Thanks, she'd shown too much improvement and suggesting that she cheated The act assessment test rejected Robin silverberg score after she shot from the 34th percent out of the 86 percent On her second attempt six months later tell your family that such dramatic improvement is statistically impossible The rejection is endangering her admission to the University of Central Florida stupid statistics said silverberg was a 3.9 grade point average at Cross brings high She's got a 39 She said she improved because of private tutoring because she'd learned at guessing it answers You didn't know wooden hurt her or score and because she was speaking less anxious on her second try She said there were only 20 students in the room with several proctors making it impossible to cheat For a turner attorney Stuart Carl in no relation to George who was on with the I man this morning Files who yesterday in Broward Circuit for a challenge in the act arbitration methods to take the test Students must agree to use binding arbitration instead of finding a lawsuit to sell in disputes for Carl and so that method favors the company Ken Gillette spoke to him for the Iowa based company decline comment today the act is used similar to the S18 is most popular in the Midwest And the South and give it about too many times a year when you go robin good luck this sweetheart let him have it Crazy bastards 567560 pound 560 on the AT and team this this show today man. I feel like I'm having another one of those out of body experiences. Yeah I'm just I'm just disgusted and nauseated man. I mean, we're in a how does it stop already? Where does the madness stop in this place How many years have I been saying it when can we get our feet like one or two toes on a ground when can all this crap Finally come down and settle on the ground and have a little bit of stability already you know what I'm saying? What he said? I don't know What fortune word or phrase bugs you the most that's our pull question today 494 votes I thought you're ones that don't have any yet Across how can that have no votes? It just one on there oh No, no, no, no, see first of all part of the promise because Josh is illiterate across not for a cross Look at what he's got. I don't know. I don't see it on the bottom last one Yeah, that's what we talked about no a cross for a cross a cross not a cross. There's no such word as a cross See it with an EV onion. That's what we hear people saying that no no The the the the bad one is the first one a cross For a cross Do you understand I don't think even understands how we're doing this? The first he asked about it. That's what I thought we all thought that we all thought what that it's that way No anything that way a Cross for a cross That's what Jesus said my my life for a cross Jesus Christ Probably for probably don't have any mr. miscevious for mr. is none Something is only on one. Well, let me tell you something my cropping friend For real for for for for all two spell for spell does god two. I'm telling it's kind of a wheat In fact, they have some restaurants some RT-Farcy restaurants where they have Pizza made with spell flower Okay, okay, is that ever taste or I don't know Mood or moog point for moot point three and that's so weak man. It is so lame Let's go three voices means they were quoted three times birthday again miss felt BI RFDA why not be ER then it's all how about birthday? That was pronounced birthday, but that's not how it's spelled if you're gonna spell it wrong And it's then spell it right yeah then spell it right that's right you can pronounce it wrong But they spell it right BI RFDA why birthday for birthday? Why would you change the item email right wrong spelling on me? I want to ship a what a ship frame Home for told is got three February for February's got three valentines for valentines is got three with for with six is in getting jiggy with it jewelry for jewelry seven library for library eight Irrigardless for regardless ten and that really pisses us off Venice for business ten by who likes saying Venice Fun saying Venice our Relator as opposed to realtor 12. I could care less is opposed to my couldn't care less 16 Especially instead of especially 19 like the requires is to use that especially for you John Kerry say it again lion bushoof cooks Especially 19 nuclear for nuclear 92 and acts instead of ask 300 are tired of You're a question okay, you're sick and tired of it. Let me actually when you're gonna stop you're gonna cut it out. Oh oh Just action Wow, what a day. I'm sure they my neck is aching my whole mouth hole. I feel like I'm just the way that the world is on my gross old shoulders from this whole deal From this whole ordeal and yes that I was taken man. We're having a pretty good time life is you know Talk about but we're every time and plus we were given such bad information yesterday That's what really frost my ass Given some bad information we thought that you would mark it recently gone way over the age Done something grow test gun on our separable It's so bad that we required them being canned and then we find out this is all a must you do about nothing A big sentence about an image that appeared on somebody the friend of their website seven months ago back in September God just think all the things that you did back in September that we are probably all would be in jail for you know Yeah, well, there you go until one and five six to Q amp Then low We're gonna be a fucking song But I would not be so all alone Everybody must go away I don't like how to stay Here we go, sir Are you sure? Very Feeling down and dead Feeling kind of mean Okay, and up for the four-and-all, ready 1244-569 WQAM 315 say ax, I mean this one is an elite by itself, on it pull Just all by itself And don't forget to join the big oys, till that 15 minutes to go over and see him, too late Right? I'll see we never gonna need feedback any updates on any other stuff because it's, you know? Just another excuse to it To set out the underpaid talent and the big oys, of course Oh, he's a real go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go Paces on the way, there's some of those things like that What was that NFL thing? Combine The combine He's on the way to go to column-by What a guy, the big Oh, doesn't belong on the air, but he's a damn good guy He was on with mode this morning, it was moan the big oys Oh, wow, that was a really painful With the omo show The omo, no the omo shows on now I'm a homo WQAM hello Hi Neil, here's in for you, X et cetera, instead of X et cetera Oh, that we mentioned that X to the X of fabulous from, yes I'm sorry, okay No, no, that's okay, because we forgot about it today, thank you You welcome, I'd like that X et cetera Now, are you gonna get this right? You're gonna spell it right? X, E, X, E, E, E, E, R, E Oh, come on, E Huh? Don't knit pic No, we got a knit pic, because I mean, if we have a double whammy Yeah, Bruce, he's got it right now, birthday, VRFDA Y By the way, I'm happy anniversary mo, okay, you miserable old koot You should have heard them call it, he had more to do about his second anniversary on here in his radio station A couple of Fridays to go 28 years on a year in this town 28th anniversary, which is almost I'm a f***ing bitch And it was not a couple of people, I'm happy anniversary, you know, like it's nothing no more, you know I think the rest of us ought to get some kind of a prize, some kind of a medal for enduring two years of him and his can tankerous behavior Sorry, the verse we too Misable nasty can tankerous Thoughtering old clown WDQA and hello Hello Yes sir Yeah, I wanted to talk about another word, I actually heard Neil making the steak on a yesterday Yeah It's a ring of hand Not a ring of hand Right, that's right Did G is on the end of like prune tank but not a ring of hand Yeah, yeah, there's no, there's no G on the ring of hand Absolutely I think it's a ring of hand Excellent Okay And precious by the way, it gets really pissed off when they call it like a monkey, okay, thanks, paly Okay But we're not going to put that on there because nobody uses that word anyway But he's right, everywhere we all call it a ring of tang But it's a ring of tang, which if you watch passions, believe you me, they've straighted us out on that many many times No, it's not a monkey, it's not a ring of tang, it's a ring of tang And speaking of yes things like that, all these things I think it's a cro-magnon man Cromagnon Yeah, it's no it's Cromagnon Like like filetman, yon No Who told you that? The scientists I watch this coverage channel and all these archaeology shows Cromagnon From an actually made a point It's like yes French Filetman, yon No, it's not Cromagnon, it's Cromagnon man Okay, I'll tell you what Mr. Smordy pants Yeah, look it up Alright, wish it a while we're here Well, yes, what Mr. Smordy pants both are except for over the first one, which is always preferable is Cromagnon man With all due respect to the dictionary, they have everything in there as acceptable, including everything on that list You know I'm telling you right now, Cromagnon is number one Alright, I've said it that way all my life and I'm not going to stay Cromagnon Cause nobody will know what you're talking about You know who we're talking about That's a movie Greg They know that Cromagnon Okay, so finally here one pretty old man Oh, well they're both okay Are they okay? Okay, good, I'll speak in a bag Speaking of people who've gone back into the Stone Age Well, yes, maybe he just to be just to the jump on us W to Q a M, hello Q a M Hey, how could you? Yes sir How you doing? I'm a couple of things I don't have somebody talk about this I just talked about straight that was straight I had an experience about that But it's the opposite of straight I was talking to myself on the front But I was on a track And I was watching him try to tell me something So he's asking me if I'm straight Meaning straight I don't know Anyway, the other thing is the same thing It's... Tell me if you think this is the reasonable analogy It's like, it's basically just kind of run wild and go crazy And then they finally they get to the point where they say Okay, they put a smack on the arm of the... They put a smack to prevent what they're doing I don't know, it's a smack What are we going to do now? The best we can Thank you buddy Okay, saying in there What else can we do? What are we going to do? Sit like we're going to start screaming and hearing on And we have, what are we going to do? Do the best that we can I mean, I'm finding stuff in here And I know that I played a couple of things today And it probably like, oh, gee, you hear that? Well, listen, I'm not psychic And I'm not going to start dumping any game of bits that we play in here We've got over 5,000 comedy bits Right? Right? I don't know what I'm talking about I've been talking about a couple of things If I had my brothers, I would probably like to... Probably bleep a couple of things out Well, it's a way of going That's a way of going That's a way of going I mean, it's not like anybody should expand I mean, when a people that are making the rules up Don't even understand them themselves How in the name of Jesus Oh, God At least opposed to understanding And when you're working for people who have no idea See, this is what gets me It hits me in a perfect Like a big gigantic, uh, large The idea that people who haven't got any idea What talk radio's all about These are sports nerds that are running this place That's all I know about is games And they certainly don't know about a talk radio that isn't sports oriented They haven't got a clue They haven't got a freaking idea what they show us all about So we especially And of course, do you want Mark also Because they weren't doing a sports show That's why they're gone, huh? We especially Especially those of us who aren't doing sports shows Talking about other things Anything in a world besides the same old tired TURTS right I noticed Clarence Boyce She had her tail between her legs this morning when he came in Brother Very cheapish If I can say that, can I say that? No, very Go to Or Chris, if I go She could have said Jewish Oh, I should be true in his case And then poor Muff You know, he's the Pimp, Muff is the Pimp He's got to be the intermediary Well Greg wanted me to tell you this I said I've had more messages passed along And the last three or four days By way of the Muff monster He's the interpreter I guess Greg don't speak in O' English speaking about polo today We've got a general manager to no speaking in Lace So he has to have an interpreter A intermediary to pass the messages along To those people he doesn't have the balls to speak to direct Well That's my message to you Greg What a disgrace I mean, how long can you go through life Like an overgrown child What am I higher? See, isn't this more relaxing? Sure I don't like that one, no There you go I like this it's a lot more small See than it, waiting for a girl like you I wanted to dedicate that to the current I don't think we can play that No, I don't think we can play that No, believe it Feels like the first time God only knows what they might be talking about Okay, I think we could play this though What's your? I don't think we'll deliver tonight I can say This will put you in good cheer Is that for you to say these? Virgin Virgin I'm not shy You get a bow Or you go to find I don't want to see you I'm a brother I'll tell you once that we definitely can't be playing no more No way No I'm not I think a couple of them That's it This is much as we're playing with that 560560 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line Now what's the story of Joe Markman reinstated the inner what? I don't know Well, why not? Haven't muffin the clearest community or anything is uh No We don't have another memo We'll slip down to the door No It's a more bad misinformation No WQA and hello Hey Neil Yes sir Ambulians Ambulians No ambulance Ambulians Ambulians, so I think they say don't they? Those people who speak like that Yeah Like the guy in the if you heard the bit what the guy in the phone booth I think Bob and Tom does it We're a hero of active Yeah I tacked it Yeah Yeah I don't know what the ambulance pulls up Allie Ambulians, so we're going to put that on there No, I don't know how you spell that Whatever I am kind of ambivalent about ambulance 560 560 Look at that 331 votes for acts And the stethos ask But also 100 now for a nuclear Instead of nuclear Our president such as he is No no no no no He is concerned about a nuclear attack Sounds like a nuclear And every time I see him I go Nuclear myself WQA and hello Hi I can't hear you Speaking Hello Yes I am How is Neil? Yes Hey I got a couple of words Met the words later Okay I'm instead of saying Roof Think they rough Roof Roof Roof And If they sandwiched the sandwich Samage Samage, show you I hate that sandwich That's all I got to say Thanks, Palaisia and the Roof Now how are you going to spell that Roof? Roof Roof Roof Roof Roof Roof As opposed to Roof And sandwich S.A.M. and I.C.H Sure Instead of sandwich Of course you want sandwich Anyway I.C.H I.C.H I.C.H He was one of the Cromagman man I believe Inventive finger foods No that was a Rucker How are you? He just is a good thing Six Then the great movie by the way You want to go see something really a morbid and a very bizarre The hit your would see Thomas Howell on Rucker Howell And who's the a pitch at the broad that gives you a Jason Lee? Yeah Jennifer Jason Lee No, he's not a small kid What? Why? Why? She's between a rock and a heart plate Sorry My life Then look This is for you Five Six Two Two Four Power This is Rosie O'Donnell And the clock on my stomach says It's the new ruggess One to two And the way we go Everyone loved William Honds Bang up job on American Idol And now all of William Honds Greatest hits are on one amazing CD It's Honds up on Honds Three, four Five Baby it's in Homer's at home Because you're on me so and decide No for sure Yes from Outcast to J.Lo Everyone's hung up on Honds J.Lo in the house Don't be fooled by a rock that I got I fear I still be a bum rack In Houston have a little Now he has a lot of tone deaf fans Who can't get them out of hung up on Honds You can find me in a club For a pub I got what you need If you need a fear of Honds It's worth a lot more than 50 cents Order now And you'll also get this free bonus CD On American Idol loser Things be American Idol winners Cool Very rough What happened to him He's in the pandemic No longer need to be the benefit Goodbye Oh you Where the wrong He's true William Honds hung up on Honds It's only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame So don't delay Calm down He's the best as he owns No more than a million He's the top only Oh great He's the best Don't be fooled Oh man Oh Oh I got to say that could be the greatest record of all time line eyes by the Eagles That could be it That's my favorite going to take a bathroom break record Oh not gonna take a one It's a great Six minutes 40 Is that your man? She won Oh is it really 6.48? 6.24 get it right Ah Can it? What do you just say? Oh God I said, oh do you I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I do a lot of the Eagles But I just realize it's a little bit of a nose picking element to the real Bill What's that? Don't mark saw a piece Oh no Are you serious? Already gone Yeah Did you tell me? I don't know I got it Nobody else is And nobody else is bigger Because people are really pissed off and fired up They're disgusted They're nauseated And they're puke and they're gusts out now Every night I'm lying there Holding you close and mad That's not to like about the Eagles or the Guess who you know Then we're any or foreigner Any of those three groups Do you want anybody to dislike them? Nobody around now Communist Anyway, Aramaica radio Launch is March 31st The progressive talk radio network You go girl You go Randy Now let's see They're going to be starting out in San Francisco In New York LA And the Chicago How come we didn't put that on there Like Chicago Like we discussed yesterday And how you would spell it I don't know No, I still like it I said forget about it Because I'm afraid what he'll put on there So here's the lineup 6 to 9 a.m Uprising A fast-paced morning show That will entertain and gauge audiences with Whittin' political satire They'll be going like Like that With Sue Alacot and Mark Riley No relation to Rick obviously On a way is this a Southern show I don't know I can't figure this out Mark Morone Who's probably kind of Jimmy Morone Sue Alacot and Mark Riley are on the nine The noon show on filtered A showcase for conversation about the political And cultural state of the union On filtered introduces listeners The fresh new voices Not available in mainstream media today Kind of like Geldies Noon the three of Clark will be the Ophranken factor That's what he's going to call it The Ophranken factor with Alphranken Kind of like the counterpart of the Ophranken factor He's obsessed with Bill Arale Anyway, he's going to be on there for noon to three Through the seven it's the goddess Oh man, nice going sweetheart She listened in the Ophranken years And years and years and then she decided she was ready Brandy Brandy What? Are you letting me know And she's going to be on three to seven Nationwide It says Randy Rhodes is speculated As twenty years burning up the Ophranken Souther Florida with her Pugged it and provoked a brain of talk radio Combining live interview call in the commentary Randy engages her audience with a passionate presentation So what else is new with seven to eight Based in LA whatever that is The majority report eight to eleven With Jeanine Graffalo And co-host Sam Sator He's going to have a Sator And Jesus might show up to it's the last supper And then the Saturday and Sunday They're going to be offering a more original programming Like Robert F. Kennedy Jr Oh he ought to be pretty good Okay Not And Mike Papatanios are champions of justice How about JFK Jr? What time is he on? I put him in I'm as a slot And then they're going to have like the Abestov You know repeats Best of Ophranken factor The best of the best of that So at least there's a start There's a something Some progressive Ourses on here Not here in this market of course But you never know I'm thinking I might not be a bad idea Huh What I don't know 560505618 I haven't got a clue I have no idea WDQAM Hello Not there shame on you folks WQAM Hello Well Yes sir Hey Hey Yes I do the screen will solve your man If you're one black occupant I'm called Junior All right How you doing? Pretty good I've got the best one for you Which even your own Your own jar runs you That's all the time Which it takes not every time Okay Go What is it? It's not slow But so It's like CHOW So all of you You said a stroke Right right Tell me the ball Like tell me the ball Oh my god That is so embarrassing I can't begin to tell you No I swear to god Listen listen to Joe Listen to the dog And he says So he does not use the word There's no art Anyone existing But not one to use I don't the bitch right now I'll be damned Okay Thanks a lot, Pally Hey in there Now watch your language here Joe Rose Okay I'm feeling good Well that's good He still hasn't gotten paid yet But you know he likes following mole He is one good looking guy Ha ha ha ha ha ha Who's he talking about How are you from Bokka? Oh Yeah we could go through a whole damn thing And I was still still can say You can kiss my rear end Although there are many in here that you can't play I have no clue Like that Oh can't play that one No can't play that one Well can't play that one Can't play that one Can't play that one What about We we we we we Yeah let's still play that one Because it were three of them If we just had two of them we're going to play it If we just said we wouldn't Can't play that But we got three of them I was going to the log Get paid one of these days It would be nice Take a minute to the bank But you got to get paid first to do that Five six seven Five sixty pound Five I feel like I've been on here A hundred hours today This has got to be the longest show And a history of my life And I've been like a marathon Because the the Distress the stress factor You've heard the Oralty factor And I'll be a Franken factor We got the QM the stress factor Kill on us WQA and hello Hello Neil Yes sir I got my education here in Miami I don't think thinking that I was Be talking bad I'm my and I lost my train of thought But a great call Pali Thanks a lot In fact when he called I was about to say Hi, I'm Pali But luckily I didn't By the way the audience will be pleased to know That Fedboy just to tip the skills is five O2 this morning just went over the 500 mark The Humber is right on his behind He's right in there Come on Hank Who's a couple of ounces now that you saved your job Please Now what worries the Humber is Oh in the studio day the Humber isn't he? Yeah from four to seven Three solid hours I hope he's been working on any duty for that That was funny Anyway five six seven Five six seven five six The Fiat Lawyer and my head is spinning like a drill I feel incoherent like I'm like I said And out of body experience I have no idea where I am what I'm doing I'm so good Thank you Bigger part I said how you doing I say let's play more forner until two o'clock As well as more forner More forner Or we could play some more do-op I'm serious that whole do-op thing Let's just see that's another one of those State of mind kinds of things like people There are people who really believe that there's a This vast audience mostly in New Yorkers New Yorkers that throw back into the 50s Who I don't get it The whole thing is like a myth It's kind of like always gamblers to listen to any cat night Nice gone Ed I heard Eddie Cowes in here last night doing little work And I was listening to Eddie K for a little while I like the fact that Eddie ruffs up the collar Real good isn't taking any crap from anybody he rips him in ass You go Ed Tell me the QAM hello Neil Yes sir My queen Speaking Sir My wife is I What is it? What did you say? I have no idea Oh I was hoping My spouse is I Okay I think I think what he was trying to say had something to do with But I'm not really sure what it was WCQAM hello Hey Neil Yes sir Wow Hey his one for you Some guy called yesterday Tom about the Tom Pro call issue It's Tom Pro call Not Pro call He gets same bro call And he's like an idiot He said bro call for the nth Yeah I mean he's not Polish you know Anyway The other ones are to make us up the thing about things King and instead of things King Yeah Oh yeah the thing to do is Throw the king away Yeah very good That's excellent yeah Alright well the show and how good one Thanks Bally Oh that is good Throw the king away Throw the king Yeah the king That bumber clock money Oh Yeah Oh Oh Oh QAM alert I'm sure he didn't say He didn't say anything Oh no Anyway what do we got Acts 353 What butchered word or phrase Bugs the crap out of you the most Oh I'm Bugs the Bugs the most Acts For instead of asked 353 New killer instead of nuclear 110 People can not reproduce Because if there are two men or two women That's not what got intended for a couple Well not everyone agrees with this gentleman like this lady here Yeah well good for you Go back to what you make them on Especially instead of especially 24 Irregardless instead of regardless 23 I could care less instead of I couldn't care less 23 Just changing again here on me damn it Our real real real real leader instead of real 13 Binance instead of business 12 Library instead of library 12 Journalary instead of jewelry nine With instead of with as in get getting jiggy with it six Valentine's with an am as opposed to Valentine's six birthday birthday Birthday instead of birthday five February four That mood point I don't I'm not ignoring that Toad instead of told three My Emma instead of my amy we'll see now that's that's that's how did that get on there? I didn't put it on you We talked about that yesterday, but that's that's an accident see that's an original affectation Right local crackers. Yeah, I don't even know if that belongs I think Eric is a sneak-em-all these under air must have this is good keeping away from that refrigerator Spelton's that is spelled yeah, you spelled that wrong. Oh there is a time for Tuesday hitting the steam Morgan Peripheral instead of peripheral to something remember that beetle song something Got a pair a cross instead of a cross to roof instead of roof one So instead of throw one. Oh, you know who says though? Of course he says a lot of things this particular guy five six seven. Oh wow. Oh eight five six this we see some armed truck truck Problem. I got to crow by the try here homeboy. I like that one Hey, you're in the ramp mani remirons. Hey, I think the crow two to five in a morning. Hey, why not? Let's see probably instead of probably don't have it. There's a whole bunch of these don't have any of it Sam, it's just that the sandwich none idea and what is that? No, not ideal it's ideal instead of ideal what ideal? Hmm That's what jerseys ideal right after the show every day. No idea with an R not ideal for idea Exetera instead of at et cetera none Miss TV isn't that a misdivist none and Ting what is what on there? That Ting They'll get a bunch of votes don't you think yeah from the Jamaican are you great to make and folks out there Boy you've post got a real sense of humor and that real imperial sound and we just are a little bit nervous about you But you do make good deals out there in the hood. We like that. That's what George told me. Yeah, we're hooked me up 14 at five 60 WQ and if you don't watch it today one more those dumb a class If you up to one of those machines like they had the Sure not patience It's right just like they had the poor Sarah gold far hooked up to hey all you I got the wrong look at this I got I got all three P Just do what I got all three pieces of copy pile up here in front of me now that I'm in a big hurry anything If you have you want a great break from the kitchen you want somebody else to cook up his dorm for you go to the airmo coast Chinese buffet because they'll do it a feast like you never saw Stout out with any of or all a six different soup sample dozens and Ziggins of sucklement delicious on trays made fresh to order like New York strip and their sizzling Asian grill Can we say New York strip New York in the Asian grill along with new seafood change yuck enjoy oysters on a half share less than stone crab middle that clams jumbo shrimp Scampy what is it jumbo one see? Scampy every night if you still have room sample their handcar prime women their new Thai specialties to know headaches DLMSD no cornstarch. They don't use it. They cook everything only in cholesterol for you. They feature a full salad bar new sushi bar and fresh See them cocktail and if any room at the end of this feast man, which will be America, but if you're real cow try to shovel them a little bit Good stuff from the desert station featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even a fresh food They even be having watermelon most of the time too to finish off a fantastic meal at the Amul Coast three locations for you They're in sunrise panel at a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just at the 163rd Street North by me beach and also at the intersection of flamingo roads and pepper grows in pepper pines So take the entire family or book your next business legend and our business legend now and let the folks at the Amul Coast cook up a storm for you Take out and live re always available to call 954 5 7 238 22 that's nine five four five seven 238 22 You can't be to with a stick the on the on matchable Amul Coast Chinese buffet An app room this ad John Kerry had sex with women. You know how simple that can be sex can leave an unpleasant aroma in the room That's what sex can do John Kerry did that you left an order in many rooms Do we want that in a White House again having sex with women or anyone else for that matter is simply wrong Stay with the man who used a proper illustration guy to have his kids hell rush and obey This patient paid for by the Prince. Thank you for the America I Putting after one at five sixty WQM your multi format station. Maybe that's the answer Huh little of this little that this a good watch a good on ship crap sounds good to me a good on ship WQM hello Yes, sir Yeah, I like that success I want to say that America should just come down because we are the following switching into a matter just going to the period And in a couple days, just a couple of months is all going to blow over and everything will be just like you like before And ladies all going to Over You're busy guys It's like the last week for hundreds of years. You're still all charged in a week That's what this reminds me of whether they don't all you guys only this is for real. That's a problem Yeah, the shame that people have to leave their job. You know good luck to us by hanging in there I got that successful with all S's instead of no sees okay And we can't say successful you have to be very careful. I say Here's an here's the theme song for Joe and Mark It's a shame By the spinners. It is a shame to quiet shan is put that a good side rate by the seat Honest that the bold rag that's what it is. It's unacceptable. We're pissed off fired up nauseated grossed out Embarrassed humiliated and degraded necklace for the beesleys too Good Let me jump in and triple the point I We left out who's so great I mean we left out From this era on this genre Oh It's Dr. E. Russell from Passion's both What was that was there like a little smug more something on here. I mean a little something little smug my What is that thing wrong with smuts? I think there's a 5 6 7 0 5 6 6 6 6 I said is there a little Monair why? Ma WQM hello Hey, how you doing pretty good? I got a few of them you might be interested in go right ahead lay down and sleep in lay them on us Check me on the repeater's shoot out please And do you have your voters regulation with you And laugh and not least see what I'm saying And I always say no plain assuming Splain it I like that. Splain it Thanks Neil. Excellent. Excellent. They man. See. Okay. Let's just stick with his last one there. Okay. Cause the other ones were a little Splain it SPLL I Can you explain that to me? Yeah. Pause the FES We had a song for Joe and Mark this one's for our general manager Yeah, just keep playing that over and over again Come on Let the sides of the dump party Or as reggo Yeah, that's as we spot in Christ Yeah Oh, we got to put this corporate old old Oh Only Oh You know what's at the we got him we got it you got it You got it I know that's not on here don't you love that song? It's a great song I mean you only do we don't have that at least I don't have yet I can go out and get it today Because This is the substance we got for that music family Thanks to our good father That is a friend of the Brian West That's always the movie The movie That we're lacking Right a boy very strange looking dude. I mean he was strange and of course the shades Any guy that we're shades except for Josef Aliciano he had a reason yeah But any like guy who can actually see who were shades indoors I'm always a little bit leery of that person can catch my drift Who do you weigh him? Yeah, I know yes sir Okay, I have an addition for your list All right When people say sublimitable when they want to say subliminal Like I'll present and say right All the time he's right And it's probably still refer to the dog who's saying his Saddam sattam sattam That was beautiful And they had a way of butchering the language And it did you put your in a lot of other things Yeah, butchering everything at least they're consistent right Okay, you know how they're great day Thanks, Pally Yes, sublimable Got it Josh can handle it Got it swimplane 567 Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T I'm getting a real good education here now Editing the case last few days a good education I just been hanging out in the wrong crowd Or maybe the right crowd W2QM hello crowd Hey there Yes sir I know how about the set of all right I I I All right I How do we spell that Well Well, I know that the party I GHD Yeah, I GHD I All right For the only word All right, but about your head I mean word is like Yeah, I'm not worth see the Well, the question is now he's got a point Cross the question is what when are I snob butchered What butchered word or phrase bugs you the most I mean word is just a talk about it Regional colloquialisms Right or like so All right, that could be under I guess what's up what are you doing the evening Sub How what now what how do you say that? Sub Oh Just people Now I'm telling you you're getting your right you're dancing right away And I'm telling you right now Don't say I didn't warn you Josh is a witness can I get a witness? No, no, oh somewhere here I have I want to testify Actually, you know Boca Brown was here. I want it sound ungrateful I appreciate that he sent us to me But you know a hindsight memory all that stuff now stiles his grade But sometimes things really weren't as great as you thought they were right I'm so sorry Far away Far away Far away Far away And a make along story short it's suck 27 after one at five 60 WM audio horse racing fans and poker players Here's some great news for a pompet o park racing in car room As got tons of gambling action that you folks are looking for Located is to have mile from both i-95 of the turnpike Pompano park is easy to get to from anywhere in best of all Pompano park offers you free admission free general parking every day Live harness racing in the poker room open five nights a week Monday Wednesday Thursday Like tonight Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon goes on all the way to midnight And live racing gets underway five nights a week at 705 in the PM Every Monday and I'm a six four in the top of the park restaurant a two for 25 dollar dinner special Which is outstanding every Wednesday night is dollar night for draft beer soda hot dogs and more every Thursday Like tonight ladies night at the track two for one drink specials and also every night on the fourth floor players room There's a 795 played it in her special every live racing every out the same again every live racing night This week is Luke Kio week at Pompano park and honor of the Alica priest newest casino are Luke Kian grandbahama island They're gonna be given away five trips for two including airfare from for Lauderdale a two night stay at the Sheridan hotel and golf for two Plus each night five of the winners will get tickets for two on the newest high speed fury the cat that sales daily the grandbahama island from port every way So many many more good reasons to go and plunger guts at Pompano park tonight that rich will be their greeting and meeting and eating in the mostly eating Pompano park a black sub-atmatic Boulevard on powerline road for the current race schedule called nine five four nine seven two two thousand or go online at pompano park dot com don't forget post time tonight first race live 705 at Pompano park We' s push video five 6PM George B prxima dude sun down a corner rates please for rights and restricted Yes Oh, and there he is, who has ever seen, but he walking out the door Yeah, man I kinda wanna get the feeling, it's a set up a bush to help his campaign now Yeah, man Pretty soon it'll all get better, like around the van, bro, when it's broken time down Oh, and there he is Oh, and there he is Oh, and there he is Oh, and there he is One thirty-two is Brian Burke defending the unindefensible Aigu tartouzi, a warm infuriated wonderful human being got up up up up up up up up The better ten funny was the little punna to party 2 One thirty-two is speaking of that John Bertran Aristide the They the The closing the Thepretie were helping to make the light Against referencing European government, accusing them of kidnapping him and forcing him And revives the teachers away as opposed to kissing the ground & saying thanks for coming out of here and keeping her in the alarm Frank at American Law intervened right For example, Fernando Jose, Communist...? against individuals including Verranique Albenel, sister of the French Foreign Minister Dominique Developen, and writer Regis Filbin, a debris, where were that it is? Y'all be y'all, y'all, y'all. I hate soy everybody and sight maybe he needs a cash, I don't know what the deal is. Just another one of our scumbags, we're shooting, I'm doing a good job in Haiti, not the reason we're not is because there's no white people there, we don't care about Haiti because it's all black folks. Plus we got other people so in the baseball's cheaper now, so who needs them? We outsourced those jobs. Yeah, that's right, out of the hemisphere. That is correct, that's where they're going, they hit them in the go out of the hemisphere because the baseball's are one real tight and they sort of players with all the steroids, you know, stop and think about this, please. With all these serious things that are going on in a world of day, I mean really, grow pesque. Congress in the last month or two, they've held hearings on steroid use in baseball, on the NCAA and recruiting practices and on what words we can say on a radio and television, I'm flat gay from the Super Bowl. This is what your government in action is worried about. This is the disgrace, this is shameful, this is unacceptable is what it's like to do in marketing, old Anna Mutscher, higher plane, Air Force One, unacceptable. And a public and any while, look at this, they're showing all these, well, there are old things again. A lot of years in, I don't think it was going to play much, wasn't playing well at the time. Oh my god, it's a hockey fest on CNN today and believe me, not a hockey fest at any real hockey family we want to see, just grow test crap over and over and over and on, you people are, everybody used to make fun of channel 7, you know, if it leads to leads, forget about channel 7, they were just one of the first ones, that's all, their pikers now. CNN man, if they get a hold of a great, whether it's, you know, the challenge you're blowing up or, well, whatever it is, you name it, 9-11, we got to see it, how many times a minute, over and over and over and over again until you just desensitize no matter how gory, how grotesquad is, it's like nothing, shocksteamerican public anymore. There it is again, one more time, but I don't know what that means, there it is from the signing, slow, mo, freeze frame, WQA and hello. Yes sir, I thought people would say weiner instead of a hot dog. Well, what's wrong with weiner? Nothing but hot dog, I think. Hey, swim, swim, nobody didn't swim, and did we put that on there, Josh, do we put swim, no do you want me to? Yeah, of course, are you kidding me? Absolutely. Sure, that's your speciality man, I don't be putting speciality on there because the brits say that, oh, one of the brits just cannot speak knowingly, like I said yesterday, they're genetically challenged. They are the worst of all the people's in the world that I've encountered, you know, I haven't met a lot of Iraqis for example, for Iranians, but of all of the people's in the world that I've encountered, the brits are by so far away the most objectionable. I mean, I can't think of anybody even at close second, maybe the Dutch, now the Dutch at least at least they've got a great country. But the brits give me the schmits, I mean, they just, wow, what is wrong? Can't speak, you can't understand a damn thing they're saying. They're teeth are like all rotten, somebody on the street is the toothbrush and toothpaste in England, man, make a fortune. I think they never heard of. Although kills in the fox hunt and the fox hunt, they've begun that. WGM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. They speak with me all. Speaking. It sounds just like me, old Ami. Hey, I just do the end. I haven't been listening for like 10 minutes, but if you have Alumini, I'm on your list. How do you minim? Yeah. Only more on say that, but that's a good one. What do you mean? That's just fathers that crap out of me. All you have to do is look at how the word is spelled and found. Right. How, look at how it's spelled. Look at how it's spelled. Hey, man. Thank you. Thanks, pal. I'll see you at the Alcoa plant. What they'll show they used to be Alcoa theater 100 years ago. Bet you're broken blind remember that? Yeah. He's in old far like me. I'll coath either. Guess who just retired at the age of 96 from Brit radio, by the way, Alistair Cook. Oh, wow. You ever remember who he was on the arm of us on that pubic affair show? He was a very, very permanent popper, but also a very good broadcast, very progressive to by the way. Alistair Cook. He just retired at was 96 years old retired on the advice. This is true on the advice of his position. Could advice. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, he probably said, well, unless you want to die on the air, Alistair. It's time to like, you know, cut back the schedule a little bit. Haha. Oh. WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I've got two more work here. I don't know if they're on your list or not. I'm going to head. Light, daring instead of light, browing. Got that one. And supposedly instead of supposedly. Did we do that one yet? I think we mentioned that yesterday, but I don't think we'd put it on. I don't think we'd put it on that. Now it belongs to under. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Thanks. See. Supposedly with an AB. Got it? Got it. Supposedly instead of supposedly. We're trying to like educate the public out to us. What we're trying to do is make a lot of you people a little bit more, a little bit our particular as opposed to being, whatever, whatever dumb all your life. Okay. You don't get nowhere when you're dumb. Although there are some people who talk Brooklyn. He's at a one-man-shay named. Yeah. Bodiedle. We're still talking to. No, not Bodiedle. I'm thinking to your close personal friend. Oh, Larry. Our good personal buddy. You're still talking to his. He just came off the streets of the brewer. I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rugg. I know what he's like. Yeah, good loss. Go snap your suspenders. Oh, well, here's a good poll. Which people are bigger assholes generally. People who are worse suspenders or people who wear bow ties. Ooh. You know what? A lot of times it's the same thing. Same per day. Yeah. Senator Paul Simon, who just croaked your while ago, he used to wear, I think, suspenders and those big flashy grotesque bow ties. Tyler Tucker, whatever his name is, Carlson, or on CNN Crossfire. He's a major asshole. I mean, a real silly, pussy-simpering right wing. Schmuck. He wears that big bow tie. Who else? The George Wilmar bow ties? I don't know. I think George Wilmar needs bowtacks. 21 before two at five, 60 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are just amazing. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, and zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are just 334 bucks a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan, if you only 60 eight a month, then don't forget once you refinance, you get new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never, ever, pay closing costs again. So, call us new toll free number and get all the details with the obligation. Call 1-866-395-land. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve, then move to your next property with no further cost or expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs even when you move your ass to another property. Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%. With this only one mortgage from financial group, and never, ever, pay those ugly nasty closing costs again. Call today 1-866-395-land. That's 1-866-395-LA-ND, the Renequal Housing Minder. Restrictions apply. Rate something to change monthly 4.21 APR. Watch us. Roger's. The crowd has to use of the lips of God. To bear your service, we ask we warn Christian fundamentalists what they want to hear in place of Christ's killer Howard Stern. Really? Two gift? I like two, step. I want to know what God says. No, we have to worry about them anymore. We'll go about blue growth. Don't get it. It's right you sleep delicious to me. I want this new grad killer fellow, had a name that ran with Barnett Green, Bladder think it was a ring blank. No matter, don't wick and I buried him alive. There's a special place in heaven for you, Collitis. Bible says so. How much for it? Can't have sports all they talk about is men. I've a says a man get lee with another man. They're making that goes for playing too. Can't have no man to be in contact with all they seem. Shexin and going on. I know what I'm being for sure. Gernel Hogan. Yes. Whenever you put on, your little dowder will be safe from it. Hey, check out my washboard too. They just go on the radio. You heard that queen when he was Yeah and reminder if you don't like what swords were, a gone red like his house was hand Under pepper's And capitalist force, crazy over six feet, WC, they And I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good So good I got him here I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good I feel good So there you go Any cancels, a theme song, a little tribute to any case of a guy He's still working for us, I think, can he? I guess? No, I know, yeah Okay, good That's good, we like any Money in his coffers, but no dirt in his shoes A very lengthy column by Jimmy Brezlin, the director He mail me for some reason Which I'm sure he's going to put on our website I'm just free to first do this is interesting Jimmy Brezlin writes in News Day For days now the job at Eisenhower Park in Assault County has been a follow-up order from the White House Through the Secret Service and down to the park workers The President's feet are not to touch the dirt So all yesterday large crews drawn from all county parks Work to ensure that as always in his life George Bush's feet did not touch the ground When he appears in the big park today Bush arrived for a fundraiser at a restaurant in the park That is indoors, he doesn't have to worry about his feet there But he has to go over ground with the administration building Where he's to meet with families of 9-11 victims After that he has to go over more ground To get to the set of a memorial to the victims He doesn't want to speed on the ground And he'll be at a ground breaking ceremony And it goes on and on It's good, Jimmy Brezlin's great But I don't have time to read on here Thanks a lot Eric for whatever reason I guess he was inspired by this The headline is Money in his coffers but no dirt on his shoes But you're president, not my president, you're president I got nothing to do with him Hey don't stick around me, I'm just busy 5-6-7-0 I don't mean you personally I certainly don't mean Josh because of Josh now Josh got a vote this election Maybe Have you heard of him? Yeah Is Josh registered to vote yet? Yeah Simp Come to QAM hello Neil Yes sir Hey, are you doing that? Pretty good I haven't been able to listen for a long time But I'm glad I got to listen to that I have a It's a good thing I got to listen while we're all still on here Man, I'll tell you that, some of that is still on here I have a friend of mine, he's about 50 years old, why don't he? He replaces the letter D for the letter T-H all the time I just can't even do that That B's damage to the whole Oh, this, yeah, that's the Brooklyn thing That's the king, my son, the officer The officer, the officer, the officer, the officer, the officer I'll be there I have another friend that he says the word Baffy Says Baffy What did you order with again? Instead of the word Baffy Like taking a Baffy A Baffy He had a lot of people who had their place on CH with an F They'd take a Baffy Yeah, they would go through them, yeah They would have the word Baffy Both, both are damn, both of them These are damn windows Yeah, both are damn But don't you feel it makes us feel a lot smarter though, doesn't it? Yes, it does I don't know people like that Have a great day, pali, thanks You do now, thanks Yeah, that demon decent knows that's a New York thing I've been doing this a long time, oh, and we wish you'd quit it In fact, we do wish you'd quit it already Enough, enough of the book, rappillary Long history though, no thanks Man, I mean, this turn 95 he's making more babies Ravey said tragic Never forget that day, I had lunch with him on his last day And Miami, his last day after he left IOD On his way to mutual, on his way to CNN I'd as way to kissing more asked than anybody's ever seen in the history I bet you even know pictures that you had Markov fired for I bet you there wasn't as much as an host picture as Larry kissed over these last many years What the world is? What the world is man? I bet you're part of it without the yogurt Were you stop at the yogurt stuff already now? Let me ask you again with the yogurt Was the fruit on the bottom? 560560 Think it was your play Oh, it was parents? Like I said, the fruit must have been on the bottom I'm pound 560 on it, yeah, what look at this? Good stuff on here Bussie Hahaha I'm talking about How round Oh, now I don't do that play this before Before one I think we did Oh, and an honor of our dead friend Yeah How did that friend Robert Palmer Oh, that one He is dead isn't he? He forgot that He's so young He's so dead though Because he was addicted to it We can't play this with our camera No Just me as a fellow part Oh, right Yeah, but wait a second Yeah, but wait a second Roll Oh Oh That's human Okay The lights are on, but you're not home There's the Gregory theme song Bye Bye And local We're sports radio 5602 And UAM Roger Scott Immits of the season We're lagging in the cold Hey, provided by the world You're by the cold Who said And said He's the one He is Now that I don't even They did They don't know Don't forget That's it We got it Now we're hoping and change You got it We got it We got it Time is so long We got it We're sports radio 5602 We're saying None of the levels With their got into the world And they're really dumb But they're home They're becoming a little bit too big You believe What they say And they say Like the cold I look for the hopeful And they knew And they said That's the worst thing So they call And through We're lagging We got it We got it We got it We got it That's it We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it What could be 6 at 560WC We're almost there Got to the entire show And I almost forgot this What Most important to news to read today We don't want to be too newsy From the Winston-Sailum Journal Two fast food restaurant employees Who bathed in the dishwasher sink Took down this a bit too far But didn't pose a health red The Advanced North Carolina County Health Director said North Carolina, your country man Yeah, what about it They're bathing in the sink The camper came Where do you like it I'd like your friend Bob Ena Boy The camper came out Because of photographs of the men taking turns Posing and bathing suits And a large sink full of bubbles Said very fast Director of the Davy County Health Department Bath Very bath You bathed From a public health standpoint You want the employees to be clean Said baths adding that the employees May have overdone it a bit They were taking bubble baths in the sink I've been working in public health for 25 years Never seen an incident like this He said the sink at the wind these has cleaning jets And as used to wash potspans in other cookware Bands said the restaurant won't be said for any health code violations Because no health official directly observed violation The restaurant's manager assured health officials that the sink had been sanitized And then it won't have it again Wendy's officials of course Did not return calls for comment It's not known who took the film due to the CVS pharmacy To be developed or when the photos were taken See there is those dangerous photos again See Mike the Angel is the CVS spokesman said It's company policy for photo thicknesses and order firestore manager If they suspect that a photograph shows illegal activity Like guys taking up bubble bath in the sink And Wendy's where people are supposedly eating the food Oh, but that's a North Carolina okay I still like Wendy's a lot No bun Now I'm thinking of a great po idea Which we bandied this above before and no we never did it Said Well, let me give you a clue You know who this is? No, I thought it was little even but obviously different It's a very good Very good I know you'll get to the jazz now I'll give you a clue Yes, she'll be on the behind the beat of curtain stone Send her her name and over Sure I could well top with anyone Now the thing I'm thinking about is either what is the if we want to be positive I think we need a positive day. I mean, let's not be negative positive tomorrow Huh? Seriously, but all the band cracked that's going on a Q&A with the business and everything else that's going on Let's try to be a little more positive the best remake of a song ever done Do you want to say? Yeah, now this thing's been redone more than the other times Yeah, screw in I think we'll make a sense of what we need We'd be happy to be single Come on to I have mixed feelings about it because there's certain songs that I don't think need to be remade That we're at one of them, right? Sure Oh, Eva is just final We did it the first time Right And I like to break on Yeah Huh? Well, so there's right there's a couple of new wingmen stick on it I'm sorry we can I'm sorry we can I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry we can I'm sorry we can I'm sorry we can You see say the neck Anyway What butcher word or phrase bugs you the most? Action instead of ask 400 level. Let me ask you about it New clearance instead of nuclear 1.26 I could hear less I could or instead of I couldn't hear less 28 So really it's a it's a one horse race But only two with a whole bunch and the rest is all a met up You know I'm saying it's met up Anyway, we got the what the fuck god coming up next Jim and then of course it for it's Soberg and we got Panther hockey tonight Bye bye bye We got Panther hockey tonight Bye bye We got a lot of them We're kind of sick weirdo We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick We're kind of sick