Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Just forget about it. Why don't you go back to the camera for you too fast. See you later, Ralph. It kind of fits right in. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. Go by yourself when you're so bad. Are you complaining again? Get this, you smart. No, I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. You're watching me on the ballot. The way you were, I had a chance. With those on your feet. And the band, I'll take your hand. Corporate, you're the building on the ballot. Thanks to you, the right, the right, the right. Stole the election, where it's the right way. I'm not trying to say the freedom in theory. See you later, Ralph. Or freedom in general. Will the election bear swear? Everything in your screw-down party goes for a guy. You try to 65 or higher. See you later, Ralph. See you later. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. You're the one who's so bad. And drop, get your stupid spot. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. See you later, Ralph. Try to say good and sweet. You're trying to make it to a tree. That's a good thing. Wow, this place is unbelievable. That's why I just said it is just amazing. How is it possible that I have a better radio studio in my apartment in Toronto than here in WDQA in Miami? How is that possible? Oh boy, this is a toilet. Hey, by the way, thanks, and Jerry for that neat new TV. We got up here, not not not not. Oh, well, but it won't put him up, but it's the first there when they first there and all this other crap. It's just a double-talk. That's what you get. Jerry, just speakers new all screwed up. We're here like snap, crackle, and pop, which ought to really be good today. And we got all the rain and all the... It kind of fits with the... Yeah, I've got some like rain. Yeah, under lighting. Well, maybe it is. Maybe it's the rhythm of the rain. The one that is working halfway. And you're complaining too much. Okay. Do much. Cut it out. Anyway, boy, we got a lot of stuff going on here. How are it stirred? What a... Whole heat turns out to be, huh? What a jerk. He thinks the whole world revolves around him. It doesn't? Oh, clone. Anyway, here's our pole result from yesterday. And we're going to do this. I had a great idea, because it'll eliminate my habit of coming up with some great new pull idea every day, because there's too much pressure and stress with this studio. What all the crap going on here? We just don't... We just... our capable of doing that. At least I'm not. And you sure as hell aren't. I've seen your pole. Anyway, which of these do you care about? Most least, least, least, get it right. Golf. How many votes do we have? 1902, not too bad. That was a great year. Golf 545. Religion 464 this thing, though, sound worth a crap in here, either. Religion 464, give it a good battle, but Golf. Number one. No one will own it. I don't care about golf, which I say it says a lot of good things about our passive audience out there. Not the ones that call in, because they're another... What would it breed? Religion 464, Howard Stern 322, so evidently, there are some people that don't think the world revolves around how it... and it's pretty much speeches more than just about him. Wait till I get to that. Those two stories back... back to back. The one we're suddenly here in Robyn are saying, Oh, well, now we want everybody to work with us. It's not just about us. It's about the whole industry and all this other crap. And then come to find out. Well, guess what? He's going to go back and out everybody else in a business and put the stuff on his website to show that everybody else, all the clones of him, are filthy and disgusting. And they ought to be fine too. As in, ball, we're fine. Right. So, you know, it all revolves around Howard with a sturdy millionaire. Poor baby. Hockey, 117, they don't care about hockey. How about those maple leaves, huh? No idea how they did that. Eddie, Eddie, he did it. He's pretty steady. The Marlins hundred and 19, see the big drop off there. They love the Marlins and especially those rings. I didn't know how did I miss it. I read both the fish wrappers Sunday morning. But somehow I missed the deal about the rings. They had almost riots out there. Right. I had a bad dog talking about that going home yesterday. Oh, the valuable. Over the free rings. You think that maybe some of the might of thought they were getting that Ring? That might have been it. Yeah. Brass ring. Grab out of that brass ring. Or you can't say brass without ass. But at any rate, yeah, there were some asses out there and no question about it because they just said, he said somebody said a car on a fire and they were like, Well, kind of crap going on out there. He practiced. We want our free ring. See, so all of this below me that everybody's whipped up about the Marlins to some extent that's true. But they're all whipped up about anything where there's something free being given away. Even if it's worth just a few cents. 30 cents. I mean, whatever. They're 50. No, I'm pretty good about him. He's bad news. 30 cents. So they just carried out like a bunch of lunatics. As usual, I say, I don't know. Maybe I'm just cynical, I guess. But I have to raise four eyebrows when I see this time getting all I whipped up. All that phony, baloney enthusiasm because it really doesn't exist. Anyway, let's see, the Marlins won 19, the stock market 90. Stay out of that if you're smart. Politics, 34 and 16 people who care least about sex. Maybe they can't have that anymore. That could be it. That could be part of our crowd. Maybe those are 15 of that 100 people at Pompeto Park and they'll, and the lobbied on there on Saturday night. Screaming for their free programs. I'm online. I was first. I wasn't. Now I wasn't. No, no, seriously. You have never, I don't care where you've been to what you've seen. You have never seen anything like that. You end up at Pompeto. No, no. You have never seen. I want to apologize again to my friend Toby at Pompeto Park. Even though I'm not part of that problem, but I just feel so bad for her. Because she's such a sweetheart and she has to put up with such. I mean, I'm not just disgusting old smelly, smart me. Creatins. I mean, what is that? What is it about? I don't know. There's plenty of old people in Toronto. They don't behave that way. You would come with them. You go out shopping. You're walking on the street. They're just like anybody else. You come here and the old people are like, Yeah, you know, it feeds on itself. They feed on each other. Is that it's kind of like this play? Yeah, they go money. Kind of like our engineering department. Look at the disease. Yeah, let me just say this for Clarence and Muffin. I don't care if they put a new TV in her. You can pump the audio off. In fact, put it on right now. There's Richard Bavini's day. Oh, I'm sorry. You're at a rough year. You're at some pornographic channel, okay? Oh, get the sensors gone. Oh, it's better. Yeah, we'll get back on the CNN channel, okay? What is that spell? It's interest. Okay. No, that's enough. I just wanted to make sure that we get a hand lead. So if there's a like the world comes to an end today, or some horrible things happen. But at least we're in touches. I mean, I realize it doesn't do with ball games or sports. Stuff like that. But we'll do the best we can. So that was the pull yesterday. Here's today's pull. We'll get out of the way right off the bat. Oh, let me tell you before that. Our girl of the day on the beaded curtain pages, Kate Moss. Very good. Kate Moss. And I don't really think most people need to hear too much about Kate Moss. She was born January 16, 1974, which makes her about about third man. Yeah. Right. In Corden, Surrey, England. No, I didn't know she was English. Kate Moss? No, get out. Thought she was American. Get out of town. Thought she was American. Are you crazy? Oh, no. Someone like you do the sandwich or a joke. Kate Moss, that skinny chick. The skinny chick. I know. You're fused just like that heroin she. You got full of clothes. Kate Moss. That skinny chick. We want to know what's the deal. The clothes that travel when you're in rehab. You're worse than Allie McVeele. She's on marriage. She's let's say 33, 23, 35, or in centimeters 84, 58, 89. It sounds like some of the people in our sales department. Fat boy. Let's see. She's adds for Calvin Klein obsession. One, two, a three, Dolce Gabbana, Gianni Versace. All this other stuff. We know who came off this. I mean, if you've been hiding under a tree under a rock, and you don't know who that is, but don't forget a rolling rock at there's no moss. She's with a funny depth for a while. Oh, John. He's a kind of boring thing in the paper. One of the fish rappers this morning about Johnny Depp, who says that when he was here, when he was here in South Florida grown up, that he ate like go home for a baloney sandwich. And then it would just go back out again, come back later for a few peanuts, go back out again. I don't know what that meant. That he's weird. He said the first time he saw Role Mean lettuce, he freaked out because he didn't, you know. Because he just was kind of like a little hikster down here. Oh, a sheltered day. Yeah, yeah. Kind of that. As opposed to like a real sophisticated kind of swirna. I love Johnny Depp. I mean, you're not going to give me a lot of Johnny Depp. He gave Kate Moss a diamond necklace once, gift-wrested as but, you know, why don't we just split up with whoever. Whoever. Not Kate Moss, whoever he's been doing. I didn't follow his. Oh. Anyway, back in the day, I could have said something like that. I know. I know. Pretend, but I'm not. That's probably what it's about there. Anyway, here's today's poll. Which of these people are things you care about least? The war in Iraq? Oh, let's put Kate Moss on there, too. Now you'll have to add that. I'll add it. Sure, we can put the, uh, I had the power. And don't forget folks, if you're over the age of 75 and you got 45 pieces of ID and 25 old Farts will vouch for you and give you a free program from Pomp and O Park, then you can go behind the beauty curtain very briefly to take a look at Kate Moss naked. Because we don't want no punks out there. On to the age of 55, look at it naked women. They might get aroused or confused or I don't know. Incensed. So there she is. Which of these people are things you care about least? The war in Iraq? Rush Limbaugh? Al Franken? The Miami Dolphins? The Miami Heat? Ralph Nader? The Pope? Gamemarriage? Or Kate Moss? That's what I'm trying to do is make list of things that are like not necessarily related. See what I'm saying? Like one, one, one, Palamei? One from Colombe? It's what? This is tough. What? Oh, yeah, it's a tough choice. Which one? You'd peer about the least. I would say, uh, the Miami Heat? That's what I chose. Yeah. That's what I chose. It's ridiculous. When you were thinking they joined out, nobody wanted to talk about them at all. It's so typical of this time. And now, oh, they're going to make the playoffs. They've been winning a bunch of games. And we're heating intensive. They broke the attendance record the other night to see what's his name? What's his name at the Kiffin Cleveland? Lebron James? Okay. I don't know. Some big tall guy. Right. See, now back in there, what a probably sage for arts. Uh, which of these people are things? Look at that. There's a few votes. Game marriage. Five. Well, that's not what we're talking about. Those, yeah. But there's the poll. There's Kate Moss and we're off to a running start. Clip and sucks. Speakers became here for crap. And, you know what? I don't care. Yeah. I just don't care. There's a song, right? I mean, in fact, these guys keep adding. Well, you're glad to be here. No, I'm not glad to be here. I'm not glad to see these people. I'm not glad to be here. I'm glad to see Duffy. She's okay. But other than that, Clarence, I don't really want to see him ever again. I mean, you know, it's not personal. I'll partly. I just don't need to see him. He's just, uh, brings the ads nothing to my life. Do you know what I'm saying? Does he anything to your life? Sports? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Well, a 12 minutes after 10 already at 5.60 WCM Victoria secret by the way. Next victim of all the censorship. We'll get to that. And we'll get to Howard's in, in, in all of that stuff. It's just really tragic. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits. Listen, they're incredible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee zero credit. You'll fee even zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate. It just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 loan payments you just 3.34 a month. If you have a 200,000 loan you pay to 6.68 a month. And don't forget. Once you be finance, you're going to new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never, ever. Pay those nasty pinnacles and costs again. So find out about it by making one easy call. 1, 866395 LAND. They're an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR. I got your breath. Beautiful. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I want to hear it. I'm going to hear it. I want to hear it. Everybody is trying now. They wanna be the president. So they try. To tell us that the other guy lies. Following fixed is a dirty thing. That's why there's all the Muslim Ter Management conditions that two people in the US were just the same place. How to find out if the member died of reacted in trouble. They feel as if they were only one person. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah here we go right now we go right now we go right now we go where we go by the scenes we at the scenes we are going right now we have a fullroom and then after that we have the kinds of modern schedules that we are going have to get through K-June I think it's an advantage of those buttons you can put into chairs and off the table like that may be it's Kansas & America pattern M-B-K-K-S butt I'm listening 1018 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday 2 but what kind of another great nasty day tornado warnings and watches and rain Manit rained all night long right your fault pouring and thundering and lightning and just like the end of the freaking world It's Florida. Sorry the end of the fucking war right careful I guess freaking was better because if you go like the end of the fucking world that could have been on something worse See right Victoria secret to drop it's TV fashion show on big criticism Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha yeah Welcome to the Stone Age Boys and girls. They showed more flesh in the stone age What now was that show you were talking about which I haven't seen that this field the shield got all right What channels have acts of course? Well, the good shows are root port Murdoch Cooper new field eval jazz Genia for fair of right-wing propaganda All right, you're right. He is he is he maybe the smartest man on earth evil genius right? Well, he's an evil doer. He knows how to make money. He's good friends with the no way to man. He's good buddies with the good guys But also right an evil doer. How do you figure that? He knows how to make money He's not a word. He's a common all-assight money. Let's see. What is this thing? Oh NASCAR not see I don't understand this no John and Columbia South Carolina I'm not taking suggestions for the pool. We'll put NASCAR on tomorrow's pool, okay? All right. He doesn't get it These people let me just say right now pulled building his boring. Oh, wait. That's what that mouth breather says. Yeah I agree is boring. Oh The man with the most boring fake voice in this German kind. He's telling something is boring He got a life ball. I get a life you idiot. I have no life. Oh, well, that's excuse Anyway, Victoria's secret is dropping it's naturally televised fashion show this year At least partly because of criticism following Janet Jackson's breast bearing full paw at the Super Bowl for breast bearing And Razic chief creative officer with a Columbus based lingerie chain said Saturday the main reason for the decision was so the company Could look at new ways to promote the brand right still he said we had to make the decision Probably six to the way we should go when the heat was on the TV net worse. Now he does on Sweety, where was this on a shield about yeah, don't say or not I heard you describe it at the Miguel He seemed to be getting pretty aroused. Well, he's Cuban. Oh the announcement came less than three months after the Jackson upper or in a week after Federal regulators proposed to have a million dollars and fines against cheap channel communications for a sexual material on the Howard Stern show Which will get to that momentarily it'll bring a tear to everybody at least to my eye. It's as a night The TV fashion show has generated criticism in the past from groups complaining about supermodel Stunning down the runway and skimpy underwear A message that Saturday at the New York office of CBS, which is televised to show the past two years was not immediately returned What is this from OEP? Olga Vives Vice President of the National Organization for Women Praise the Kansulation saying the show only objectifies women And they're underwear right President Vice President of the National Organization of Dikes were concerned young women think they have to look this way She said they she probably would rather that they look a little bit more masculine more mainly bumpy that they would butcher up a little bit She says she adds you hope the cancellation is permanent There are many other ways to brought their product. She said with a real hussie in her tone hussie hussie Yeah The fashion show was aired November last two years was televised on ABC in 2001 the first show was broadcast online in 99 One and a half million visitors tried to log on once bringing the site down with a 20 minutes they are crashed it The courier secret is got four billion dollars in annual sales, but you won't see that no more You won't see nothing no more you won't hear it you won't see it you won't smell it you won't taste it God forbid Because the pleasure police the sex police the word police the pot police the jay walk and police the swing in police They're swinging it they're Billy that that is correct. This we're gonna Billy bands What cartoon was he in Billy batson? Shazam that was Captain Marvel. Yes, it was Billy batson. Where are you? Very good by both of us. Let's see here's a fact this is American forces fire missile all by the way There's another a copper I keep trying to find the information on that another helicopter was burning in Falugia, but you know It's just more dead Americans nobody seems to care anymore. No, it doesn't even make the crawl now It doesn't make the crawl because they're too busy with the there's Thomas Kane and we got that Louis free Louis free out of Ian jail FBI I'm gonna tell you right now if you're looking for somebody to blame for the incompetence and intelligence I use the term loosely blame the F They are put a 30 they're too busy scorn back to the days of gay Edgar Hoover and his cross dressing Escapades they're too busy making files and everybody else is sex life. They don't have time to be worried about terrorists I know you hate Richard Dreyfus and so do I but the day Reagan was shot that movie Yes, you know that was not very good. It was very good and Speak into the FBI shows the kind of aneptitude now was Chuck Burris and that one Oh, he could that's right. He was CIA American forces fire to miss a little a mosque in Falugia where 600 Iraqis now what is what is this? I see okay I'll read it American forces fire to miss a little mosque in Falugia where 600 Iraqis were reportedly killed as wicked two dead bodies allegedly American intelligence agents were shown at Arab TV a Christian was crucified for the 17th time in the Philippines Poppy cultivation in Afghanistan which produced three quarters of the world's opium last year was said to be a 30% But third man and president carside a third age e-hat on drugs president bush went fishing This just about sums of the week it says where's my cheap gas and Also does anybody besides me watch dead wood? No ever would Never would what is that? I have seen like two seconds here to say I heard about it but nothing uh What nothing that is good as the shield Nothing is well, how can the shield be on? You got me you all It's not beyond long if what you're telling me is accurate table That's coming that way we'll get to that not a group or canal We're gonna get to cable we're gonna get to a satellite. We're gonna get to your pop up toaster We're gonna get to private conversations. We're gonna get to your telephone. We're gonna get to your cell phone, okay? I'm not an easy because Heated every fly sure said you better watch out what you say Little the hero when he said it how prussian he was being and keep in mind the person started ww1 Just something to keep in mind and those hats and wait till you let's see how that pull is Shaking out here first look at that the Pope is got But third man alter boys lined up. Oh, see you never know it looking so shaky and old Which of these people are things? Do you care about least the Pope has got? Turned man alter boys rush limbao 16 game marriage 15 the Miami heat 14. What is it a bad? You're right this is a tough one nice polo. Thank you Ralph later 13 Kate monster team. Oh come on take a look All or she's pretty strong. She's pretty sorry. We'll feed her the dolphins 10 al frank in nine in the morning Iraq one See I only put that on her because I knew there'd be at least one. Oh, I don't care about that I'd like to track that person down. I just beat them. It's probably the Polo is boring probably that guy I would have any family year. They're not from this country or in this country or you know well good Maybe they're going from the fillet. Let's send them to somewhere they'll like it like Sri Lanka would be good Your barbarians anyway. Let them lose their souls That's 121 votes in just a matter of moments here. We got I think now that the Easter and Pesach and all that's over Now and of course the snowboards are gone, but I don't think most of them have computers anyway Speaking of computers. I went out and got me a nice new compact last night And what are your coolest things that I told you I got the router oh yeah, so I look around is too awareness routers you have two computers now And I got me a beautiful Sony flat screen the monitor beautiful now. You're now your house is a hot spot All right, no, I'm not seriously. It's a lovely thing Right your Wi-Fi baby. Yeah I can't deal with people who like oh I just can't be bothered with computer. I mean even more I'm sure no computer I'm listening. He's doing it. It's like not being bothered by the heaven of car or TV set right all look quite frankly the way things are going You know, I'm as much pretty soon You better start taping a lot of shows and hide the tapes right in fact call up alicester crane on Probably want to hide him better and he's I know this confidential files which allowed us to even bother to destroy on passion Here's an idea erotic sign language and Louise is walking around. I mean the he's walking around with them all in a bucket All the important files all computer. I said bucket. Okay 26 past 10 at 5 60 W Q a home of the most incredibly incompetent. Let's see engineering. I think it takes the cake sales They are what they are. We're got a little spots. You know at least we got spots by hooker by crook, but engineering man 24 seven broadcasts. Let's go and forget well for the few interruptions Have you been putting off that home improvement dream because you're afraid of a home improvement nightmare? Well sweet dreams are waiting for you because design concept builders is the answer Design concept builders is born of the top home remodelers in South Florida since 1983 for the following reasons They're 100% customer satisfaction with their no excuses policy They refuse to have it on heavy customers as simple as that they are for quality work a fair price and design concept Builders exclusive five-year labor warranty What's not to like? Why take the risk of a nightmare on your new addition? Kitchen bathroom windows any of the project you got going in your house Called design concept builders at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six run the net You'll find of a design cuts at builders dot com that's design concept builders nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six financing available with no payments for six months with a pro credit to You can also get to a 10% discount on audio remodeling through the end of this month Be month of April with only design concept builders check them out of the web like I said design concept builders dot com And then make that call nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six Clean mac and on this is Joe bowl on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Who the weather will be about tinkers? They like to bundle kids They have big ugly hands and that's the right like this They welcome rather than pop a little too much by the world Oh, no matter what think about bigger than you think like that. Have your fun Do I want to grab your long time? 1031 at five sixty WCU I am happy to do two in spite of all of the array and the clouds in the nasty weather We're gonna try to be upbeat here. It's by the engineering in spite of all of this aircraft that's right will be beat up Because you notice we always kind of come last no matter what else is going on. It's the transmitter It's the sports people. It's the weather. It's something else. We come last and you know what? Sure, screw them all screw the engineering people Even fix it. He now. He means well, but you're right. He's fried. Oh, you know who else looks fried? Who's that? I'll give you a clue. All right man. He must have had some wild time at the masses. You talk about green lizards He must have some still crawling around in his pants. I had possible. I walked in just to give him the way of yesterday Because I don't see him that often my good close personal friend the mad dog and he looked fried still I'm not talking about just I mean really fried. Yeah, do you know I'm talking? I know I'm kidding You know I don't want to discover why I don't want to wish I was Here, let's see a Pope Scott 42. Which of these people are things you care about at least? I'm I'm just curious Pope 42 178 votes rush limba 28 pop a couple rush. Okay, Kate Moss 25 come on He's groaning game marriage 21 come out of the Pope married rush limba Mine the heat 18 rap later 16 al frank and 13 what about a frail later married al frank and no boy al frank and boring man. He is so boring Miami dolphin's 12 and war and Iraq three now three who cared least about that Now I want you to think about that they care more about that whole list Mm-hmm then the war and Iraq then all these Americans and all the other hundreds and thousands of people are dying for no reason All based on a pack of lies Don't forget we have that Search for the right word that antagonist factor out there in the audience no, no I think these people are being honest these polls are a hundred percent scientific Now here's here's something that's gonna give you a lot of comfort in solace Oklahoma poll sites too much sex and violence on radio and TV Yeah Oklahoma poll Iraq A concern. No, I mean certainly if you're gonna take the Temperature of America right what they're gonna stick to thermometer deep inside the rectal right certainly with a rectal thermometer Can we still say that I don't I doubt it will check call up over there in a West Coast here We still say rectal thermometer And you know what to do with it. Oh, don't say it's out that don't a consumer logic poll of 750 registered Democrats and Republicans Commission by the Tulsa world Suggested that a majority of Oklahoma's are concerned with the amount of sexual and violent content on radio and television Right 82 to 86 percent I don't understand that I mean it's either 82 or 86. I would think or somewhere between Or maybe 84 percent say they're often or sometimes offended by adult language violence Sexual content and homosexuality on radio and TV Those who would say they say they attend church. Oh, by the way he has risen any story. Oh, he's driving flying around I think those people may be on vacation Who? I don't know no no no. Oh, say those who say they attend church several times week Or twice is likely to be offended often by sexual content then those who attend church annually Respondents who call themselves conservatives winnerly twice is likely to be offended by Sexual content is those who call them liberals how many liberals are there in Oklahoma? I'm sorry man. Oh, thank That many if you count some people three times. Yeah Wow So in other words you got the Basically America has been taken over by the Puritans All of these people make the Puritans look pretty wild by comparison by the omish Over the omish mind their own business. No, that's true. So let's not insult the omish These people have been taken over by crazy fundamentals kind of very much like the Fundamentalist who pulled off 9.11 and ones that were fighting the evil doors right now So that's the evil doors against the evil doors is right the way I see it very much in common. Yeah Words of a feather Flocked together. I said flock. Okay Now in all of this stuff that's going on here and it's just it's just amazing. It's astonishing What a jackass how it's turned turns out to be like I said he could have the very first week The guy called his show Yeah, it's got he called his show. He offered him an outlet a venue of re ingenious idea Let's get the public all whipped up into a frenzy Let's get a million signatures and have them all send letters to there You know send all the list of signatures to congressmen and senators and doing this election You're led people understand that we're not gonna take all of this Made up as we go along censorship laying down people are pissed off about it but no And we gave it a little bit of a shot here in our own little corner of the world and I realized what the who the hell am I kidding? You know He could have done it on 30 some odd stations and all the major markets in the country except this one And Didn't do it and maybe some of this today will explain you why I mean I just the one thing that bothers me a lot Just drives me up the wall is people with big egos you know, I mean absolutely right People with big gigantic puffed up egos I'm listening think that there's stuff doesn't stink I'm listening okay calm down. I haven't seen him in these two. I well I looked into windows. I'm yesterday Look pretty bad look like he was right on the edge Yeah, tomorrow no the edge of yesterday Anyway, WXRK K Rock morning host Howard Stern sland the FCC's community standards decree during yesterday's program questioning How the FCC's mandate of basing in decency fines on community standards could apply to the sixth-large channel stations Each and different radio markets which goes to show he isn't up to speed even doesn't understand. It's no longer community standards Which we've been through all of that anyway The broadcast aired on April 19, 2003 broadcast of the Howard Stern show when a complaint Live only one of those markets Miami as we know no one else complain all those other markets during since its based on Lister complaints why then do they find you other markets for the broadcast? Stern also noted that his show has a limited shelf life in the attack press and bush for spending time cracking down on his and other programs over in decency Concerns instead of focusing more attention on a rack and other issues facing the country Meanwhile, I want you to listen to this carefully now, all right that less sense this is building. It sounds pretty promising here so far Meanwhile co-host Robin Quibbers and Pords listeners and others in the entertainment industry to join their fight Let's not make it what the FCC is doing to us anymore. She said let's make it what the FCC is doing in other words to everybody and we say Yeah, about time better like than ever then you go girl, but There's a big butt Back home in the middle of all this That ego just he can't control it out of control Howard told his listeners yesterday that he's not taken in spite with the FCC over as broadcast in decency lying down and says he plans to post content from other shows like his on his website To shine light on other programs that might be susceptible to indecency fines, but have thus far flown under the radar There's about 50 shows that I'm gonna start posting on a website, sir and said I'm gonna get transcripts of their old shows too and we'll start getting those people fine too Which he obviously doesn't understand how it works because putting transcripts on a website doesn't get you final Somebody complain for the broadcast at the time. It said when so on that they aired He says we'll take man cow from Chicago. We'll take Dave Shelley and chainsaw from KGB San Diego We're gonna start doing this to everyone now. This is the same guy who just got through saying that almost in industry We have to work together. We want to show it's about all right. He says there's other broadcast doing the same stuff all clones of me See there's that big gigantic big nose ego stick it out again and the FCC is effectively says they're okay But I'm not and the meantime he ignores the fact that other people have gotten fired that several of these days To gotten fine big humongous fines. He is oblivious to that And while stern credits parent company Viacom with backing him up he's convinced his days on radio are numbered The company that I work for is 100% behind me Mel Carmesin is under percent behind me and they have said that they're gonna fight all of this stuff And whatever they've got to do but no company can stand up to this kind of government pressure We will be off the air. I'm pretty smart about this stuff. He says He also issued a warning that if he does want up taking a short of satellite radio Broadcasts will be the ones who ultimately suffer if I go on there I will destroy these radio stations that amonstern said people will follow me not everyone but most people will I mean you talk about a massive gigantic humongous outer control ego I mean even this building I'm listening and never seen an ego like that Absolutely, so pretty big fat puffed up ego in this place Is that is that incredible? She he's gonna bring down the whole everybody else and it says he's gonna be the only one Let's standing or sitting or how are he's doing his show But don't forget it's not just about us. We want to So I would have evidently they had a What do they call his moments a moment of clarity? Yeah, right just just a very brief moment of clarity and then all of a sudden That big fat pump as ego came back in the rigins all about Howard and where's Howard gonna be and he's gonna be on satellite And everybody's been going by satellite radio and yeah, I got my no order. Oh, yeah, I ordered 10 just okay Just in case they blackout the first nine It is pretty sad So that's the reason that all of this crap continues going on I mean and the same with rush Russia's too busy, you know, talking about how Jen carry you know smoke dope or something Yeah I mean there are the people who have the nationwide audience who could be doing something positive about this stuff are you sure? And instead it's like well, I'm gonna bring everybody else down I'm gonna go on XFM or X whatever the thing is it's a tragic is what it is Major pompous as I'm sorry major pompous cool 19 before 11, but he's pretty clever. He knows about this stuff Right, so he's gonna post all of his stuff on his website from a ziggian I say let's post on his website transcripts up every show all right, right? Even even the public radio NPR and then you'll never have to listen to anything on right and then you can just read a whole bunch of stuff and just like yourself silly Or it had some a read it to you 19 before 11 at five 60 W to QM lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast if you've never been there You don't know what you're missing a gigantic feast. It's incredible The services impeccable you'll ever leave an empty stomach either I promise you that I give you a guarantee I'll pick Greg's life on it and because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there Kids 600 eat for free in addition Emerald Coast still offers all their sensational mouthwatering dishes too They've got six different kinds of soups dozens of succulent entree. I'm sorry dozens of You'll entree's They've got New York stiff made a word that their sizzling Asian grilled new who non fish what is who non fish Don't ask me it's fish prepared the Chinese way Enjoy main lobster thermnour style Jonah crab and oysters on a half shell and if they're still any rule in your pants Simple their hand-type primer if I just shovel a primer right here padlinies plus they have new tie special these two No MSG no cornstarchs only cholesterol free oral been preparing all of this great food in the buffet Features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup and their brand new sushi bar as well as fresh cocktail But we didn't just didn't do that for me no, he did fresh him cocktail and because it iservant They've got the dessert station for people are really gigantic porchers man They got waffles Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite top is even the old fresh fruit I know him Emerald Coast now three locations for you. They're in sunrise sunny hours pemberpines take the whole family or just book your next business lunch in right now And don't forget to fill out a membership course. You can get a monthly newsletter too. Let's our friends at the Emerald Coast Richard and all the leaf fans. They're dual a cook in for you take out and deliver you always available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the unbelievable Unmatchable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet you When you get your eggsונ Let's do Taras to a golden M.E.G. This is the first time I've ever seen a golden M.E.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G.G. Oh. I got a few complaints. How the heck I suppose to eat a one-tongued soup? Who can you forget? Don't give me a present for you, fool. What is? Why don't give me my second packet? No, my second packet. Oh, for God, for me, again. Oh, for God. Didn't I go to the real past, right? You left out my pork fryer, right? What are you gonging, stupid? It's 1049. Do we have the right time now? Because yesterday, I want to apologize to the mad dog and everybody connected with that show. I want to think about me. I'm never going to find me. And late. I'm in show. It's just a bit. In fact, even a little before two or three, I'm going to leave you all. 30. About one-fifteen sounds good, you know? But we ran over a minute and a half yesterday because somebody didn't, I mean, this place is just disaster over the weekend. They had to like a power surge. A TV broke on Friday. Nobody bothered. We sent the clock in here. It's a joke. Nobody cares. Do you want to tell them to care about this place is when they want to come here and and sit around with stuff and screw around with it? Oh yeah. Like your good friend Carlos, uh, Picarrier, whatever his name is. And anyway, which of these people or things you care about the least is our poll question today? The Pope 56 as in Q 56. What is the Q stand for? Cuban. Rush Limbaugh for it. No, he's one of yours. Rush Limbaugh 44. It's about his Polish. Kate Moss 41. I'm talking about your friend there. Oh, your subversive friend. Uh, Gamerage 29. The Miami Heat 27. Al Franken 21. God is he boring. Uh, Ralph Nader 20. Miami Dolphins 15 and the Warner Rack. Then we have four. And you're right. Just just to be smart asses. They think it's funny. Yeah. Like it's going to change my life. Like it's going to change a decimal point on my paycheck. Let's not. Yeah. You'll make less money if they vote that. Right. That's right. If you keep voting for the Warner Rack, I'm going to make a lot less money next time. Or speaking of voting. So Miguel, the room around the building that we're starting is he's going to vote for Kiri. Right. He's good. Good. I scorn Miguel. Always like him a lot. Okay. If he were ugly, I'd like him a lot less. No, seriously. That's great. Now you're voting for Kiri. He's our mystery. He's there. He's voting for it. So that's, you know, if you could vote, you'd vote for Kiri to the George Camp vote. I got my brother's voting card. I'm going to use all that. Well, somebody's going to get it. What's the trouble getting it is so sick. Well, I drove him to get it. And go out. Where's he living? I went proud. How do you would? Yeah. Go down. They can't go to the right vote twice without a name. You could probably vote 20 times. Maybe even a lot of other dead people voting one on his. Sure. Why not? Oh, that's bad. Today yesterday was Monday a week ago yesterday your brother died now. Right in front of it. He'd be lots of it. Oh, yeah. That's a good way to look at it. Yeah. He's a sport always. Instead of saying, oh, well, he's in a better place now. Oh, no. He's in a box. He's in a box in a hole. Galvanized aluminum or something. So he hopes got 58. Well, how do you like that? That's good news. And of course, he is risen. Don't forget about that. So let's start rolling out the mester eggs. I don't understand what that's so complicated to go in and into orthodox Jews believe But everyone leave me alone. No simple simple. You're a good student. I'll harm leave the rest of us alone. It's not for my own good. Jewels and it's her your own good that you should leave me alone because I might get a little bit quirky about it. See what we want to look at a bag with them. Get an extra jewel in there. Was that what it is? They get brownie points. Mm-hmm. Crownie points. The brownie points get brownie. I don't know how that goes. Here's a little bit of good news though. Little bit. I don't want to get everybody all depressed with that stuff about Victoria's secret and everything is going off the air and stern as an egotistical pompous ass and all that. So here's a little piece of good news. And again, the Democrats are spinalous cowards too, but the reason that the pendulum and I use that term loosely is swing so far to the right. And that was because What we got in power you got right wing neocon lunatic president you got your right wing Congress and then the right wing Supreme Court So there are no Texan balances anymore, but unexpected determinants in divisive Republican primary races have turned a battle for control of the US Senate into a toss-up with no Vembers election shaping up as another series of excruciatingly tight contested fully closely divided chamber according to campaign officials in both parties So it's important that you vote 6780 times Democrats will less than a year ago faced dim chances of coming the GOP's 51 to 48 majority Now lead in the polls in all seven competitive races in which head-to-head public polling has been done a trend that would produce again of three Democratic seats in Oklahoma Oklahoma, holy, holy, holy That is really saying something you know it. Wow Exactly, Oklahoma Uh, Colorado Alaska Control of the Senate could be critical for the next president if John Kerry wins, but faces a GOP controlled Congress It's unlikely he'd be able to pass major Democratic domestic initiatives, but if Bush wins reelection But his hamster and Biden Democratic control Senate he'll have a more difficult time getting his judicial nominations approved. Thank God. Oh Man in Oklahoma Democrats Brad Carson strong showing in the earlier opinion polls could mean a game for the Democrats and a new native American Senator Native American will take it and Colorado's race to read out replace Republican Senator Ben Knighthorse Campbell Democrats can Salazar leading in the polls to become the first Latino in the Senate in a quarter of a century So we got an Indian a spick and now in Alaska once a guaranteed Republican struggle now appears in play Oklahoma in Alaska is shocking to me. Yeah, those are such outfits of Republican Would incumbent Republican Lisa Murkowski replaced your father Franklin and become goder trailing slightly in the polls and and yeah A contentious Republican primary and Pennsylvania could offer Democrats to chance their if challenge your pat Tummy upsets veteran moderate Republican Senator Arlin single bullet theory specter April 27 That's not there far off in the a primary That's like only two weeks away from the days of matter fact Seneca is a little a little ray of hope that maybe we can start and maybe not swing the pendulum back But at least stop it right now, so we can stop like it about the 14 century instead of going all the way back to the beginning of time Into the Stone he's back into the caves Which of these people or things do you care about the least the Pope 61 Rush Limbaugh Fiddy this is out of 283 votes Kate Moss 47 gay marriage has got Mining heat 29 al frank in 25 Ralph Nader 21 the dolphin 16. I mean the dolphins that would be sacraligious say to care least about the dolphin I'm a thought it for the dolphins. No, you care less about the heat That was honest you could at least name Some dolphin player for the dollar 72 dolphin coach. Yeah, for you What you could also name Pat Riley To Rick Riley and then more in a rack four out of 293 four wise guys for The far part of the four of boyfriends out there little punk Senator might have a narrow old You're right now Yeah, there's we need each other 1056 at 560 WAM I'm gonna tell you right now. Where's the a copy? Oh there it is. Oh boy. I would be the worst thing I could happen to me It's the lose the copy for the pizza loft, okay? Especially on the day that just come back on air with us and you want to know why? Because now that hockey season for the panties is over He's gonna need to do a lot extra business to feed the rumors every day lunch dinner They're not even open for breakfast, but I understand the rumors he's opening up early just for them. You're gonna over there with them right? The one and only pizza loft and Davey baby the rain nothing like it In fact, there are other restaurants that charge twice the money and don't come close to giving you the quality food and portion certainly That you get a throw world famous loft No BS coupons like those are the joints because pizza loft every Thursday offers a special Where you buy any on train the second one is half price Every Tuesday like today when you buy one eggplant dinner the second one is only five bucks no coupon needed Every Monday by one of those on you dinner the second one is only five bucks and guess what again? No coupon necessary Or can you imagine those old people from pop-o-part lining up for the coupons for oh that that's one reason you have to want that and The formula for success at the pizza loft is consistency What do you go in today a week from a Shibu or whatever? They're saying delicious food big portions everything go first to where do you can't be did? In fact, it's the only restaurant in the country that has no microwave They're not new can nothing and everything is either baked or sauteed and even on a weekend our Fridays or Saturdays You don't have to wait for a table because they've got so many seats they've got over 200 fat seats And they'll deliver the same great menu all around town like from West there They'll go as far as to fliming go and north the sunrise south to Pines Boulevard East to 441 And they do a fantastic job of catering for your homer orifice as well for just five bucks for per person So if you want a great treat man, it's the pizza loft for luncheon in there any day seven days a week For take out delivery in cadabin called nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eight You'll find them in the pizza loft plaza that's on university drag between Griffin and five ninety five right Be in pure one imports with tons and tons of free parking to The barren in the basket You You You Can't say crap. I'll tell you that's level two at five sixty wqm Loads phones baby are they on fire or what huh on something well? Maybe they just don't care no I don't know. Maybe they're just too busy voting on our pool five six seven oh five sixty All good news even more good news. Yeah, they're gonna shop her crash near Falugia no deaths no more US So did that ever at the moment there will be more unfortunately. There will be a lot more we woundings because we'll talk about the word We do not discuss that 567560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We want to take at least 6 7000 calls today. We got the madlog at two the hump or in the studio at four Marlins on deck at 630 Marlins play the spos in Puerto Rico San Juan 705 tonight any character to baseball game and after that nobody wants to know and we have 24 seven broadcasting By the way congratulations to your engineering department when you see mud on the street, but not in a row like it Walmart WQAM hello That's coming WQAM hello Sir, okay By the way, is the name your pool Things like couldn't care less about no Well, that sounds like everyone joins to me. Yeah. No I don't want to just call I don't know some of you. Give it a QAM hello Neil yes, sir. How are you doing this is John Bob? Oh, okay, great At least he was a little sociable today. That's good. That's a good night. You're a step at our pound glad to see you probably he probably went to CA Chobus anonymous huh? He take a little tiny baby steps very good and next then maybe in a couple of weeks Maybe probably in a few years we were able to have like maybe a sentence or two like 10 to 20 So good like a whole paragraph. I'm talking about a sentence like in rafers 10 to 20 he can string them together Here's a good message. You see that I'm gonna stay what's going on. Here's a message from Georgian James, but it's a blank page from St. Paul, Minnesota Nice tried Georgian James, maybe you want to facts it again because it's just a blank page What's on the mind of the whole brush that you just or maybe he was already censored you think I'm not talking about the other Yeah, yeah, do you want to be QAM hello? QAM The world is full of crazy people no crazy people yeah Anyway keep camera out there maybe 70 people had no cam hammer and okay me and a hammer man Well hammer Hammer and Hank 5 670 5 60 pound fire like I said let's take thousands of calls today Let's take 50 60 70 thousand calls by two o'clock. I'm just in that kind of a mood And nobody's been like impose any food on me that I don't want I know don't waste your time even trying and if I I'm gonna tell you right now If that's sack shows up in my house again tonight Trice to actually never gonna be the same again. I'm telling you right now not playing my other friend Troy Stratford I told him yesterday. Thank you, but no thank you. I don't need any extra food I'm as fat as a pig. I'm trying to do something that your brother couldn't do that your two fat friends couldn't do you know what that is? Stay alive right I tried to do something that Morris give couldn't do stay alive It's a worthy cause in fact I wish I had that song. We have BG still Ah, oh, we got it. I'll find stole that remember from you They stole my BGs back in the IOD because I borrowed it put it back and it was gone I guess one I did I actually pay this there was something here We tried this the other day to see if we could play this anymore and it was the problem here I sound before I think there might be We can say do do We can still do do do or say How can you die from the fact that fall you can say we just can't make this a Oh, I know what it is he says gd in there What I forgot yeah, well, so I'd I know I'm just playing at in Zach is listening in the Josh and we're all sitting Oh, he says gd See there are some of them there just so impossible to accept I mean, you know I really don't care I just want them on me. I don't care if they want me to say hello and goodbye If they just want me to play gildy I can I can do that I can sit here like a Problem with a big smile on my face that's fine with me I'm using hard or can't you yeah, I can even Like the first thing we got on a website. I can even move my lips Yeah, like Too bad we don't have a way show man. We can make it a hit now Yeah, watch my lips move. I'm pretty in a camcorder. Yeah, that's a beautiful thing But there's some of them that are just so ridiculous and of course Probably the beeslies are getting a little bit nervous because they also carried that stern show over there in Tampa and four miles naples right we discussed this last week and you just know pretty soon They're gonna be saying oh, we're fine. Did yeah So that'll teach them to be playing fast and lose with the FCC to be putting a bunch of filth and smart on the year We're gonna have to be running those fake auctions on a website every day pretty soon on the your QM auction at our website One better lock these doors like with a padlock then oh, yeah, they'll auction out and don't auction off most lovely Peace that said I'm always been gels head over here. Don't do that. Whatever you do Then you would musk rat. Oh, yeah In fact, Luis is ready to do the musk rat ramble right now. You see it with a big fat asses We got a lot of good stuff in here. We got your and we came up there who's smoking three joints Just for the hell of it I got a nice a bear for my teddy bears. Oh, they're the election there. Yeah. We got all the more that right action figures towards I picked you to sell to promenade guarantee it's worth several dollars I'll be there right That's my thing got the a panther thing with a panther jersey out of that plaque. I guarantee you at least 20 grand The OJ murder weapon over there. So let's see now when the forl find comes in Well, I'm thinking this is just a tibitty iceberg because let's see if they had let I don't have any idea how many different incidents are going to be listed in that complaint But 30 man. So let's say 30 times 27,500 Lord L. Let's see one two three zeros five 22 that that's only 125 grand small potato. Oh, they carry that around on them. They carry that pocket change in fact If you shook that tree hard enough it would probably fall out of the branches Yeah, let's go on check the tree and see what we can get out of it Yeah, and the kid with a band you're just plots right out of the ground. That's bad 567 so let's keep in mind we can play the first part of that over and over and there's that's a classic We'll have to have him redo that and delete now. There's a whole bunch of me needs to redo old baldy Because they're too good. It is losing you know Yeah, that that's one of them true. We don't need to have him say God What's America or anything like that? Right now can we still play the man dog? Of course it's silly. I was thinking I think about that every day every single day Farts sounds right now Something else I want you folks to know and I don't want to get to nervous, but if you're like an elevator or if you're like at publics or any place where it's a girl in a mall It crowd of people around you can still fart but they have to be SBDs or SBQs SB I don't know In other words, I have to be silent right they can't even make that snow. Oh, those are the worst The hissing ones oh man the hissing really pisses off the I've seen through a hissy fit. I'm hissing and pissing off the FCC Right and they will throw Michael cops and Michael Paltrow and hissy fit if you do that So don't make those sounds if you do it very quietly very You know Subroso then it's okay, but if you like while I was gonna make a raspberry But I'm like kind of start out quiet and then like right at the end of all explosive Don't let's not get into a graphic discussion of this excritory activity See there's the light bulb seat has a sound cable Automatic In fact we have that new Digital thing there's a big article in the business section the hell today about how this is a whole new industry radio stations are buying thousands even public radio Yeah, is buying this a new digital delay thing We can go up to 20 seconds and then the one I talked about a couple of weeks ago It's maybe that was last week where you were gone. They have one that actually will edit out words You program it with certain words and if they get on it automatically edits them out. Oh handy. Yeah a little sound comes on Place the word instead it covers it up with all of those feet at the dictionary No, you program it ahead of time the ones that you don't want on there not all the ones you do I bet's out sour and as well. Yes For sound that sounds now. I'm not sure what girl these do when he's making that sound Oh something smells bad. I don't know what that is it's 11 Ha ha ha ha Childish juvenile people are dying lives are being erased over nothing We should be having impeachment hearings right now and instead we got people worried about fart sounds on the radio. Oh My freaking god Zion America man It's only one thing that I would like to say That's it, Perman You can't get that off right now. Oh, it's January. No, oh my god good old Janet you go boy 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WC when you shop for quality footwear by now You better know that brandies is the place man They've been going there for years brandies have been around in this town in Pompano for I'd say a Kunze's because it brandies She was it's an unbeatable combination you find the biggest Alexa men's of women's shoes the best service and the best prices in town Anywhere's and all the top quality names and shoes that you love like rock ports floor shine SAS spirit, Timberland naturalizer and lots more is and with brandies humongous lush And you can just about but anybody's life even though Clarence's life on it that whatever size and style You need it sitting on a shelf waiting to slap on your fat foot So find out for yourself. I'm most of Brandy's question for not just keep coming back, but every time they come into the store They usually buy civil pair Brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five you'll find them in that same great location They've been doing it right for years. They're right 1290 North federal highway in Pompano Beach It's always worth a trip to Brandy's no matter where you be living it And you can be sure and stop by Brandy's this way because they got their big store wide SAS sale Don't miss the SAS trunk show this Wednesday tomorrow the 14th from 10 in the AM till 4 in a PM So stop by the store get more info on their website brandies shoes to us as Brandy shoes.com 1118 areas are favorite. They're gender. We know pineapple gender for minute This is the hero Okay, which of these people do you and things you care about the least? It's a thing we're gonna be doing this week with a different list of interesting things on every day And something you find not interesting 397 votes must be fairly interesting. That's in an hour. That's not too bad. You know what? We'll take it means there's a few people back in town I have no idea why they would want to be here because well, maybe they can't get out the Pope 80 Maybe it's a nice weather like we got today How must we get the Pope 80 K-MOS 64 now? Are they trying to say that they're not too happy about Kate Moss being on our well website today? They have to be clear about it They'll look just in case there might be something interesting there or just probably because they know that they won't be able to see anything like that in the near future ever again Right even in private right even with their wife or girlfriend or both Kate Moss 64 wash Limbaugh 62 the Miami heat 50 that's a good choice Game marriage 46 al Franken's got 40 he is what he is Ralph Nader 27 the dolphins 23 in the war in Iraq five five People were probably ought to be shot if we could find them don't you think? Yeah, I'm thinking right while I want to see it you know what I'm thinking five six seven 560 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line line nine is ringing Q AM hello Yeah, I want to talk about something. Yes It's about the whole sense of sipping and how it seems like I thought we already settled this with George Bush senior How do we do that? Well, you remember the whole controversy I mean what's going on today? It seems like this was with George Bush senior Where we went through the whole sense of shipping with the two-life crew and obscenity trials and all this court action and yeah They were found not guilty of violating obscenity But they so dirty man. They so dirty Well In some people the ping and yeah, but And they're living in a juvenile country that's all I can tell you man You go back to the Stone Age love it or leave it and my suggestion is the latter get the latter and climb up to the roof and jump 5 670 560 I think he was just trying to give me to play that thing. You know So they so I think we can still play it can we they so dirt I don't want to play it. I just just a little tiny taste. I think it's Not here. No, I know that It's Mark Mosley how could it be built Mark Mosley would never do no dirty stuff Sitting at home watching flight order day oh talking by our bombs are stealing 95-yard rail When suddenly with the bullet and to dish up onto the screen came his partner and Bishop she said this just again No, it's good but no more teenagers and the two-life Perhaps more did okay, like that's enough of that the eating you know what okay? We can't discuss that no more and as a matter of fact We could dig up that old tape from channel 10 news and get their fat ass in a deep ring or two, you know when they put me on the air talk They're eating Oh, man, or about you doing it right just discussing that Maddie Bell was very in sense. Maybe Maddie was like ahead of his time Could be maybe he was like the munchkin from the future He just realized that the day was coming when we couldn't discuss all of these things the munchkin Course he had his own issues inside the building will do him a favor. They've not discussed though until tomorrow of course Let's see how can bush call carrier flip flop artists when the following has just happened After Well, there's something in this room, man. Yeah, I'm sure it is a lot of stuff in there Like bad equipment How's that new TV coming by the way? I just joking After Tim rushes spent the whole hour Sundays meet the press with panel members from newsweek discussing why President Bush will not talk to America why he chose the past and his vacation in Texas with all the bloodshed going on Why is the president not had news conference in over a year during last minutes the newsweek political calmness Demated bush come out of hiding address America so stay tuned at 830 all major never since bush live at a press conference Sounds like a genuine flip flop artist to me. Well, how about kind of leaves a testifying sure was only when the head of the commission said well Unless you let her testify publicly and under oath We're gonna bring those pictures out of Roosevelt's chief of staff Testifying in public we'll put it on the front page of a newspaper in America. We'll test it over to walls on the T rooms from coast to coast And so I guess what she wants to testify real bad. I should go on day. Yeah, she said That's what they said But since you put it that way no problem. What time can she be there? There was that remember the missing gap in the tape with the next one of the tapes Right with condolese of the missing gap was between her two front teeth which enabled her to lie through her teeth big time Also spit a stream of water. Oh, man. She was spitting up a long stream 560 560 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line is so asynine. It's so ludicrous Which is more ridiculous people believe it in religious fairy tales or the fact that we can't even play fart sounds that that's a tough one You know, yeah, which of these and maybe that'll be tomorrow's poll maybe I'll address Which of these people are things do you care about the least is today's poll on our fine website Neurodgers dot com the Pope 83 rush limbaugh 68 Have you think that they understand the question? Well, we'll never have no I'm sorry I mean in other words the fact that you might dislike some of these people Right, so that's the paramount release Well, maybe I'll take blame for that button here Pope 83 rush limbaugh 68 k maus 67 because she's sqaanky man. She's scrawny Eat a sandwich honey in fact all that I'm gonna save those sacks of food set them over to Kate The money heat 53 gay marriage 50 alphrackin 43 rathnator 28 the dolphins 23 in the war in Iraq six Six people just dying to be dying you know what I'm saying? The food would you have lucky they will be you know who they are you know, which ones they are sure Now talk about a chronic see when somebody a Rick I thought you were good facts your Rick would come to find out You're just another chronic he facts me this before I read it. I you know would do I know did his a comment I didn't feel really needed to be on the air, but we don't come to me again and again and again and they will Rick And you'll we'll get to a certain point on here and I think you'll understand why It says first let me send my condolences to George on the death of his brother. That's nice. Thank you Rick I lost another 10 pounds on the eichens. I too to not want to neglect my other fat friend six feet in the ground The next time I go to your bill. Siles appearance. You'll see the difference Okay See what I mean he's only been to war oh Well, I don't know you know him you know Rick He always said good facts is here and he's trying to be nice. He said condolences that your fat brother died and he don't want to die There's other one for the parents is Miguel knows him way better than I do So what am I he's tight with Miguel apparently and then he goes on about bush to this and bush to that the questions will be softballs and that's around keep up the world Okay, you're okay Rick you passed the test you passed the mustard and a relish in the kitchen We won our free wing. Oh, what that free wing or red of I just burned a place down I don't know how I missed that I guess the papers must either downplayed it or maybe I hadn't early edition I know what it was but I didn't see not about that because I would have ran and raved about that yesterday What a kill some good time so we'll do it instead some other day Maybe we'll get some aspiring ports from the audience about what happened when people didn't get their ring And it was seemed to me that if you know if there were 45,000 people there and they had third to first 30,000 were getting them why did the other 15,000? They were getting it and then they want to give people vouchers and whatever. I mean get a life get a life What is wrong with you people? I have no life. I have no life Whatever 26 past 11 at five 60. I mean to carry on over something like that will be honest as ridiculous is carrying on over a free program at the track Well, you mentioned those appearances You know we have the stupid wheel Yeah, you when you get assured if you don't when you get some chachki a pen bumpers ticker some right you should see the reaction When we don't just give them what they want. Oh, just give me that no you must be forgetting some All Indians right That would be sure And the wheel chairman spin the wheel spin the wheel for me. I want a t-shirt and then the people that say that it's a rip off Really doesn't cost anything, but it's a rip off 26 past 11 at five 60 WQM if you're an dead end jab if you're working for a real Puts if you're underpaid and overwork maybe you'd like to get yourself out of that right by getting a new career How do you do that how do you get the skills and the train to do that? You make that easy call the fast train. That's it call them today 1 866 fast train because these hopes could have you train in certified for a great high paying computer network professional career And they can do it in just four short months You can be fully trained already for the new career and by the end of the summer fast train offers day evening We can classes to fit around your schedule You offer job placement assistance to naturally the people who qualify and with several locations Convenially scattered around town. There's body rule in your by you So don't wait pick up the phone to call fast train today and get out of that rut stop running your life on a treadmill Please check them out of the web of fast train Come and make that call it could change your life. It's true in just four short months You can be on your way to new high paying career with a big fat paycheck call one eight six six fast train Do you look in graduation scale life? every The news is morning we have all year online They have something to have May they find with streaming How the club now is when new boys like a yellow line Does all have the corporate, feed your by and decide And why if we have a yellow line Can't explain And the meaning of what these light should What these light should Which is at his desk with a set of clothes There are noodles called true You're fine too And did a good day One in the day Have a yellow line Can't explain Something they can't define And why if we have a yellow line Up in the night Can't explain And one in the day Have a yellow line And I can't explain Something they can't define And why if we have a yellow line Up in the night Can't explain And one in the day Have a yellow line And I can't explain Something they can't define And why if we have a yellow line Up in the night Pfft 27 till I love the way that just chops off There are things and he did that But that's a beautiful thing I got to hear the beginning of that again I just love that George is about jump off the scene I'm gonna start it I just say you never know Every Hey, he's on the roof Woo! Me! Talk about tension and pressure Anyway, here's the fact that He says, hey Neil, media's guilty of this And you say this all the time These kids over there Granted, they're a lot of young kids Who were just weekend warriors who signed up for the guard for extra money for just some of the do See, he doesn't understand when you get to be an old fossil like me Everybody's a kid I'm gonna come back here And everybody's a little bit of a great grandfather He says, they didn't sign up for this They are middle class guys who's biggest Where it was if a creditor took him 90 days Not getting their ass shot by some crazy national He's the people who were losing their businesses I'm talking about everybody who's done Over there and getting made and moving Including that guy who, did you see the story about the guy that was taking a Captive? Taking prison Oh man, over again Oh, geez Can you see the fear in his eye? You didn't see the one with the Japanese prison Oh man, with the knives to their throat No, I didn't Now this is interesting, this is on Drogery tort, that's what the T of course T is in terrible Drogery tort, not report of course, not is in ultra-fag It says two months before the September 11 of the tax MPI agent Kenneth William sent the memo below To bureau brass and Washington and New York Warning that a cadre of Osama bin Laden disciples might be training and US flight schools in preparation for future terror activity against civil aviation targets William suggests that a nationwide FBI refuted Termin were the such a coordinated effort could be seen in other localities The William's memo was rally ignored of course To lack the world trade center was level And here's the memo with a lot of stuff like Locked out Yeah But it says the purpose of this communication is to advise the bureau And New York at the possibility of a coordinated effort by Osama bin Laden The students in the United States to attend civil aviation universities and colleges Phoenix has observed an inordinate number of individuals of investigative interest Who are attending or have attended civil aviation universities and colleges in the state of Arizona The inordinate number of these individuals attending these type of schools and Fatwa, what is it? Fatwa's What does that mean? I mean, I know what a fatwa is but at any rate It's sort of something blocked out here, secret The day that this is July 10th, 2001 I just mentioned it in passing it's on the drugs we tore it Can I just just took a puke at a moment to go? 560, 560, 560, 880, 880, and Verizon wireless line WQA and hello Yes sir If I had something to your bulb please? No no chance they don't get it They don't understand They don't understand I don't care, I really don't give a crap, you don't get it We're not polling, okay sir We're not polling, we're talking to people that's something to say Well, we had a couple I like the one guy that said I was pretty good And then the guy at the Chambha guy actually, I love the little conversing He's just slow to warm up, okay? Maybe we've just judged him too harshly We've been through a premature evaluation Maybe he's building up to some really brilliant Maybe he'll call us one of these days when we least expected And come up with the answered all the problems of mankind It will be here a few seconds Like maybe About 30 man Come in to QA and hello Yes sir I've been listening for a couple days And I can't believe that nobody's your station is talking about this And I'm wondering if maybe they don't know if they're just trying to ignore it It's a figure I'd call you and blow the lid off of it Yeah Hey, you see the new commercial spot with Dan Marino wearing Is old uniform looking like you can complete tool Throwing a bag of resealable shredded cheese into a fridge No, I have not seen that I was so embarrassed for this guy I crawled under my couch Wow The times must begin tough for Danny boy I mean he might not have brought off About the public industry stock at three bucks from Wayne Does he need a loan or what No, we'll go out right now If we're going to send the organ to us We're going to send clearance out there in the corner Because it is a sports problem It's another fundraiser We have one or two choices because the weather is pretty nasty So we there's sent clearance on the corner of Ivory in 441 over by chucking its sub center or we can always put another Beasley auction online on a QM website right so we'll think about that. We'll deliberate Well, that clearance put his a thinking cap on or his baseball cap his Marlins cap his daughter's cap his Panthers cap the salary cap is he cap? 567560 pound 560 on the 80 10 Verizon line WQM hello Yes sir. How you doing pretty good? I'll sort around. George is sitting right there. He's here. We're all here. So have his a Dutch. Yeah. Have you heard that story of what's going on? What the code in the triangle? The ball joints. Yeah. I'm going to wait. Wait. The what? Ball. Yeah. Oh boy. Hey. I just thought I guess maybe you talked about it but I wasn't listening about that. What a story. I'm missing some of my missing something. Well, apparently there's some kind of a manufacturers defect that dodges and recognizing Uh-huh. It's a it's a part that can't be maintained and eventually wears out and falls off and it's actually I think if you Google I have a Dakota so I did a Dakota flash. But ball wears uh, wars out and falls off. It's it's right. It's the south down and pops out of the rocket. If I go. Oh my god. I can't believe you said that. And they got some good pictures of that thing. I heard that thing. Swimmer. I had that problem once upon a time. I didn't want to see it was Greg. Hey, well, what you doing here is exactly. Well, I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Okay. Thanks. 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Why? But it would buy a Dodge anyway. Got to be. What? I got to get dealing it. I know. Was that a bulk camper thing right? And he also sure went to big cow from in front of the dealership. I did get a stuffed cow. You let's take that home. I'm talking about the big one. He's a different than Dowd. I got a miniature. I'm a standard out of the way to Marine Dowd. I think that's the original black angus cow that they have. The black one? Angus. Oh, I'm a angus Allen. He used to drive it. Vernon Dowd. Was he scottish? Yes. He was very scottish. He worked kill swallow. He was driving. Which one was on a windy day. Oh, creative havoc there. In the world. New year. All joints. 20 till noon. You better see there. Oh, it's. I was hoping that alarm wouldn't go out. I was, if I figured out, let the little silence he wouldn't catch it. A lot of control. Okay. Back in the box. Wow. Where is he this week? You see on vacation because I noticed my, no, I don't think so. He's listed on the schedule. Don't think Claire is going to make another mistake. But he was sure he could. He makes a lot of mistakes like coming in here. I see guilty on the schedule. Now, were you listening this morning? I'm sure on the way in when the mow was on. Oh, you were listening to us? No. No. Come on. I'm listening. But he was on with the was mow and the big. Oh, it has a nice rain to it by me. The big. Oh, I saw him in a hallway. Yeah. The elbow show. He's okay personally. But the big. Oh, does not belong on the air. I mean, even guilty would have squeaky. Yeah, what that sound. At least there's something amusing about it. You know, but the big. Oh, he just, he takes all his crap so seriously. Yeah. I wouldn't know. He's like I slightly more macho clearance. I would say. Well, a much more macho clearance. Does he have a wife to be go? I don't know. I mean, don't know about the big. Oh, so I guess tomorrow I'll have to ask. Mo. Absolutely. Because he would probably know. No. Hey, listen. If you're a bit eaten too much dough. And your fat is a cow. Like is that big cow? He's to be in front of Dan Dowds, which is now in front of Kimbo. Kimbers. What's the name of that dealership? University. Kimbo. He's a great cow. We love Kimbo. Kimbo. He's just towers over the average human. He could step on you and make you vanish. Big goes married. The big goes got a wife. Well, that's good. See, he has a wife, you know. Of course, he's also Cuban. So. Anyway, balance for life is the premier meal delivery service. And it's based on his own diet. And they bring a little black second. And morning, whether you wanted or not. That's the thing that I find amazing. I mean, try your great guy. Your food is delicious. I'm delighted to have you as a very, very dedicated sponsor. I want to show you two great results. I hope. And the program really works. It's fabulous because the food is delicious. And even for more runs like me, it takes all the guesswork out. But I don't want any extra food. I'm begging you. Stop sending your black sack to my house, Troy. Please. Pretty please. Cracker please. Stop sending that food to my house. Anyway, with those three meals and two snacks in your black circle. Everything fresh delicious. The best ingredients. No demand. How can you really say you're on a diet? That's the key. You've got enough food to keep you happy and satisfied and full all day long. And like I said, it's based on the zone diet. People are losing a ton of weight. They're losing average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with the balance for life. There's no shopping. There's no cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. None of these things. And the zone diet's been proven to all your blood sugar, your high cholesterol and high blood pressure. Make a long story short. Probably help you stay alive. And right now, if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet, here's your chance. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you many choices. Let you go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach diet. So feel a little bit of a free results on the scale almost right away, almost immediately if not sooner. So if you're sick and tired of being fat, out of shape on a verge of death, call balance for life today. What do you got to lose beside all that extra flab? Call 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-2254543 or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com. Stop the sack, Todd. You can't stop the losers in U-8B. Oh yeah, that was U-8B. Oh, oh. Have all the March madness upsets given you an upset stomach. Yeah, first I lose money and stamp for now, just. I think I'm going to throw up. Then you need petobie ball. Petobie ball? Uh-huh. Petobie ball's stomach coding action sets up a zone defense against nausea. Twice up. Uh-huh. Thanks. Now, don't you feel better about losing 500 bucks on Mississippi State? Oh, now you're giving me a headache. Hey, then you should try. Say Joseph Hasbroon. Don't mention St. Joseph. I had them out in the second round at coffee, 1200 bucks. Oh, I'm going to be sick again. Got the guy! Yes, whether it's Gonzaga or any other top seed that's busting your gut, because they busted your bracket. Try petobie ball. It's good. Petobie ball is available in sweet 16th. Elie Davis and convenient Bible for a pack. 14 till noon. By the way, David, you're a good guy. I've equipped with my fags. People would all I crap that I already know about. We are going to discuss. That's what we're here for, okay, to talk about. Nothing but four or four. All day. You got it? Okay. Boy, you're right. That's one of the other great bonuses of not being here. I've seen some of the stuff that comes over this fax machine that you have to put over there. Oh, man. Get a life, okay, David. I have no life. Talk about a one note pony, all right? Get with it. I like this American conservative magazine. In fact, I'm certain if you a little bit more like an American conservative. I'm talking about real conservative right now. Anything else? Although Pat Buchan is article here about the past and its enemies. Because he's a professional cat, look you see. I do it with all that. But on the very front page of the April 26, 2004 American conservative magazine, we're talking about real conservatives, real Republicans, not the neo-con Nazis that are running the country now. Pinocchio presidency and it's got a great card, too. This is fabulous. I'm sorry. That's supposed to be fabulous. That's Faggy. This is sensational. That's only one in a long line of, I know that they've done ripping this administrative. But this is a beautiful thing. It's got Boyce, Cheney, Rumsfeld and Condolisa sitting in Cartoon character kind of like ended with long Pinocchio noses there. It's just a beautiful thing sitting on a bench in Del Rey. I got what we got to save that. Maybe we can put the cover. Maybe Eric can come up with that. Instead of bugging me with a bunch of stuff that we already know about. We are kind of discussed. Seste joke, Eric. Just relax. Okay. A little bit too uptight. Another baloney and peanut butter sandwich. You'll feel a lot better. Huh? No, what's the, what's the, what's the shit we're in a peanut butter ghost is? Oh, what the gets the serotonin level straight not in his brain. He feels a lot better. Get the indoor. I know. I know all about that. All right. I'm a sugar addict. I sure hope I don't see a whole bunch of candy and sugar stuff in my house later on today. And I sure hope I don't go to Maz for lunch today. You don't have a bunch of carbohydrates for lunch. You know what I'm talking about? Those killer carbs. Killer carbs man. They're killing people. Nobody wants to talk about it. Poor doctor Bob man. Now he's dead. He, he had a stomach on it. Sure. There's a go. I've heard of man. Even more than that. It's basic science. Right. It's all the same sugar carbs. Right. Same chemical. Because even as much as I love pasta, you eat the pasta, you're right. Swall you beeners out there, you're eating your rice, your burritos. And as soon as that stuff goes into your body, it can virtue to as you caught a baby. See as you caught. As a matter of fact, why haven't we talked about her today? Little bit. I actually have bruising. I am dead now. Why not? She hasn't come up lately. Oh, for air. You might be surprised. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I wouldn't be surprised if she's run off somewhere with the Chupa Cabara. Oh, can we find her? I had a line. I know exactly what it was. I know. Cause just leave your Chulupa in your armpit. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Keep it warm in there. WQAMHO. Not there online. When online one is just kind of a strange bird. WQAMHO. QAMHO. QAMHO. QAM. Going once. Here's your chance of greatness, man. Don't blow it. QAM. Not there. Obviously busy doing a drug deal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T. And Verizon. Wireless line. Maybe he's over doing supply and rush. It's getting close to that time. Getting the supply for today's show all whipped up. WQAMHO. Raging gum. How did you ever hear you? You're usually. It's another great car. Why don't I love you, L.U. Don't come down with any secrets. Or what they have I'm talking about. I don't even do. It's just walking home. Bye, man. Man. Talk about lame. Don't like this song. It's in the abit. What the hell's that under? The one at the cart that had the question mark. Oh, the peaking. Is it under peaking? Could be. Pooking together. We can't be now. It's not under that. What are you talking about? The one that's right. The one that's right. The peaking. Yeah. The babbling. The talkup thing. Don't you remember the bird nire like you got it? I don't know. Oh. I thought you had it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T. And the AT&T of rise in line. As we continue searching for the perfect call. I'll tell you what I think. You know what? One of the not necessarily the perfect call. But here's one of the criteria what it takes for it to be a perfect call. Somebody is not talking about sports. Right. Because as soon as they talk about sports, that makes it not a perfect call. Yeah. Thank you, man. Hello. Yeah, Phil. Yes, sir. How are you? Pretty good. I got a guy for your list. You got a guy for my list. What does that mean? Isn't the list about somebody that's... We're here. Sure. Nobody that is discussed. Somebody discussed you like this call. Right. They hear what they want to hear. You people don't understand. Okay. You're supposed to discuss something you care about. Call. Make a comment. Make a joke. Make a couple of jokes. Make a sound. Not a sound. Oh, don't forget. But well, like I said, don't say anything. This is the only talk show in America where a new motto is the less said the better. You know what I mean? That's right. Because if you don't say nothing, then you can't get no trouble for it. Talkless show. Right. Just scratch the microphone. Right. That's on hand, location. On those. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. The rock is speaking. First time call up. I want to say it about the guy in charge of the FCC. They're home in the horror about what we can say on a radio. This sounds like a real funny voice to me, man. Let me tell you, sounds like a bad fake voice to me. When? When? How long you been working on this Tony voice? Sure. How long you been working on this voice, Reverend Jones? My money, Reverend Joel. Yeah, Reverend Schmendrick. Hey, you're from Massachusetts. Go back there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond, if you're from Massachusetts, don't call me. Okay. I hope the Canadians beat the Bruins. How do you like that? I hope they tie up the series. And then go on and just just plastering. Last two games. Mainly because I want to get the Bruins out of the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Can anybody even begin to imagine if any bell forgot into your, oh my God, are you kidding me? Trevor Kid. Couldn't stop a beach ball from 100 miles away, ruled by a little kid. Even the Pope could roll it by him. WCWM, hello. Yeah, hey, Neil Horio. Pretty good? I just like to say to the Marlin fans in the Marlin's organization. Yeah, that if for these people have to go down to the games. Don't take it down. Go over to the game. For their free little gifts. And I looked at their schedule. Yes. They play 81 games at home. That is correct. 81. They have 41 giveaway nights. Oh boy. And that's why our world champions. I love to know how many giveaways the Cubs have, the Red Sox have. I'm a Yankee town. Uh huh. You know, and the other teams that have real fans, I don't knock David Samson. I'm an in Loria. At least they finally caught on the marketing people. They're real. As if they want to pack the place. Just winning the world's serious ain't good enough. They got to give people a bunch of free crap because this town is a biggest bunch of free loaders on the face of their. They make the French Canadians look good. Exactly. I went down there. Yep. They don't even get some tickets. Yeah. And I went to change. They used to have an exchange program down there. Any ticket you had to get to change it for another game. Did you ever hear of such a thing? No. In other words, if I stick it to the Phillies game this week, if I wanted to go see San Francisco and Mayor, where they come to town. How's it pretty good deal? Yeah. Well, they don't do it this year. Oh, I see. Because of the world champions now. But I never problem with that. Well, that would don't forget that's when nobody. You couldn't give the tickets away for free, which was last season until like on hot 30 and in though, I want to hold deal. Exactly. And so, I think the people will go to the games. Go for the team. Go see the other team. Come and go see very bad. Go see whatever you want to go for. But don't worry about the 35 cents range. But you need tickets. Boy, what time is your show on man? That's the funniest line I've ever heard in my life. It's okay. I'd be the best call in so far today. I would say the best of the year so far. Thanks a lot, pal. You're hired. Get him on there and set an al Franken. At least this guy's really funny. Huh? Yeah. The team don't just be a freaking free loader. Okay. And don't be there in pop at a bar. Yeah. He was great. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be even buddy Holly's singing that'll be the day when I give a goshri. Oh yeah. By the way, you can't give a goshri if you die buddy. So you shouldn't have died in the first place. Poor buddy Holly. I don't think he was all that good. We've been through that before. I agree. He was all right. That's not good to pick on dead people. I'll be honest with everything Bill Haley was all that could either. He just was an innovator. He's one hit wonder. I mean, I go get more than one hit but only one that I knew before. But once again, we're judging things out of their contemporary time. Now that the Elvis show we did. No, I don't see what I'm saying. Mm-hmm. In his time Elvis was, you can't judge 45 years later. Sure. Sure. Can like Rudy Valley? Would he even summon on? He must sue me. He must sue the Valentino. So take away my emissimals. So Valentino had this pension from marrying Dykes all the time? Yeah, what was that about? Well, he was, well, we know what he was. Oh, he was Italian. It's four minutes and you know about them. Four minutes till noon at five, 60. WC, we got the Mad Dog. Jim Manage. Oh, right. Mr. Hallofame. College Hallofame. Number 88 from the dolphins with his two Super Bowl rings. And by the way, you ain't getting one. Oh, right. Mad Dog at two. The Hebrew Hammer. Best of a stupid. But that four. And he's actually got a full two and a half hour load to carry today. Tough work, Hank. Marlon's on deck at 630. You got the Marlon's at the expo's in San Juan Port de Rico at 705. This beginning glazed I.E. Any can't do the baseball game in that sense. And then the morning course my close best personal friends. I'm going to be go. Because guilty. Now, did we? Wouldn't you think if it was a real radio station? I'm looking at this schedule. It says guilty on the update. Scaldy was not on this morning. And I heard most say the big old be back in tomorrow. The big. And what is that? Is the on vacation? Is he sick? Is he, uh, did he leave town? Are you going to drive me to the station? Are you going to drive me to the station? Uh huh. You're going to need to know basis. Yeah. When you think so, I mean, Memphis been in here. How many times already today? What stories that already know? Just like Eric keeps emailing me stories that already know. Now, don't get nervous, Eric. But just they may look. Okay. So you don't know. Yeah. I know. Believe me. I know all of these things. Trust me. I know. I'm on the inside. I know. Hey, listen. I know what a man's considering. A here replacement is greatest concern is how natural it looks. Absolutely. Can other people tell us that a mouthy look and peace. You can always spot a bad hair system. Absolutely. But how many good ones go unnoticed? Charles Alfie re-design and supplied hair system to show bids celebrities for more than 35 years and is appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. That today show CBS morning news. Introducing his pet and hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system you can find. Not something that looks like a bar near an animal called up on your head and died. The most critical area of any hair system is the hairline. And Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100% under technical. Charles Alfie re-design is guaranteed you as tri-system for 30 days. And if you don't absolutely love the way it looks and feels in smells, if you're not getting more action than you could ever dreamed in your wildest dreams, return it for a full refund. Charlie also services and repairs existing here. Systems including shampoo and trim. Oh, I don't think we can say that. No more shampoo and. So I'll kill a call Charlie today and change your life forever. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or for more info check them out on the web at CharlesLfiri.com. Say goodbye to that Muscratt once and for all. My eye and local New Year's Sports Radio 560-U.A.M. Smart Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8-M. My now you're aware the federal communications commission is on a mission from God to protect your children. And perhaps yourself from the sinful danger of dirty words. What you may not know is the FCC regulate your private telephone calls as well. That's why faith-based ministry's corporation is proud to introduce word blocks. Simply attach the CCT to use the VICR phone and the words of Satan will be blocked out in Stibree. Hello! I just have to have a look at the number of times talking about our time shit. Yeah, the... Oh! Hello! Interest rates have never been missed low. According to the Q-No, we can be finding any made up. Hello, you... Hello! This is my privilege. Please, man, for my boy. Best just... Oh, look, drop to your global list. Call 1-800-Bull with. And word block will be shipped directly to you for a generous donation of $2,000 to the Republican National Committee. Many were sticking to the blind. Alright. When Greg Reid gets back from vacation, which means after I'm gone on the coast of Sclare, when Greg Reid gets back, he has got some real heavy-nuty crappies going to have to contend with you. Want to know why? What's that? What's going on? 1400-AM, the old WFTL. Right? To switch to... Sports! Can you believe this? I don't think we can handle this. I don't think we can handle this. I don't think we can handle this. The money here I'll report. South Florida is about to get its third all- Sports radio station. You turn. It's third. Local businessman and broadcast failure on Fox Sports. Carl Foster Brown's yesterday. He has reached a licensed marketing agreement with WFTL-1400 to make the station all- Sports beginning May 3rd. The third one is the third one. He has reached a licensed marketing agreement with WFTL-1400 to make the station all- Sports beginning May 3rd. The fourth power base station will be renamed. 1400-FAN. So the fan is just moving up the dial sum. Remember the old fan? Right. To compete with WFTL- WRFX for the sports audience. I think it'll be more people to sport. Right. That'll bring more people to sports. That's what Ray Perry says. The station signal is strongest from South Palm Beach to North Day. We're receptions spotting other parts of Dave County. And if you live with intense blocks of the transmitter at night, maybe you can hear it. Foster is seeking a network of affiliates. Had discussions with ESPN radio and sporting news radio. All they get sporting news radio. What do we put back on overnight? We'll have to hire Joe Costello back for 50 Cent an hour. ESPN spokesman Dan Quincy that work as searching for a local affiliate. But to climb to common ESPN's interest in teaming with Foster. They said it'd rather team up with Bud Foster at Pompeto Park. But they said they'd rather team up with Jake Foster. He's been dead for many years. Don't you, if you am affiliated with sporting news radio. If it's deal with ESPN radio in the last year. Care concepts in care concepts in South Lake. Nursing home. Right. A poverty-based marketing firm purchased 80% of foster sports. It will help finance the station. Foster and need a marks who previously caused that a morning show would numbers smaller than your thumbnail on WRF. We'll handle the 6 to 10 AM show with an underterm in third host. The lineup's still being formulated will also include former sports line. A top-com host, Tom Alexander from noon to two. I don't think we can handle that stiff competition. And from rejecting those sportscaster Dino Costler from 2 to 6 in the PM. There will be niche sports programs that evening. Including a weekly show on UM sports. So look out, be so and Joseph Gackie and Don Bailey Jr. And Joe Marsh Jr. Look out and Ray Fisher Jr. And any Fisher. Look out boys because Carl Foster is on a way. Didn't he write the Swan River? I think you're right. Yeah. Didn't we go over that? It would have been to this before. Why would we kind of name Kupops up? We do it through the Swan River thing. Right. So he loads sweet chariot. Which of these people are things do you care about? The least that's our poll question today on theorages.com And no additions. Okay. No additions. Idiots. The Pope 115, the smoked open Pope, the old Aropado of 115. This is out of 5.97. Aromus to 600 man. Pretty heavy duty not bad. K-Moss 102, Skanky Scrawney. But she's naked in our beat of curtain section. If you're with the age of 45 and have 42 pieces of ID. One free cheer except the last three. Rush Limbaugh 101, I mean he'd 75. Who cares? I mean really when you come out of it? Game over is 69. Oh that's bad. That is so... You made that. No I did not. Al Franken 61, Ralph Nadir 36. He's reached the Nader of his existence. Time not to hang it up. I mean Dolphin's 31. That's shameful and the war in Iraq's 7. 7 people would want to be taking effect. Let's swap them for the hostages. Well, I think that's a good idea. Don't you? Well, where was being held hostage over there right now? They're probably pretty good folks. Let's swap these 7 idiots for them. These 7 f**k holes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and rise of wireless line. As we continue searching, everyone got was pretty good. They got it said they're come up because you support the team. He was funny. WCWM, hello. Yeah hey there. I was... I had a question for you about the speaking. Speaking. You're still still. Don't be sorry. I thought 790. WCWM was supposed to get ESPN radio. Well something happened there. Well, like what they had such a great program. He grew around for an hour and they listened to that. You've got to be kidnuck. Oh, forget about it. I got you. Okay. Well, let me ask you how many sports stations that we really need. I turned him in. Any market, you know? Especially at a town like this. It's so funny anyway. I turned him in. I switched from FM to AM and talk about it because the music was so good in this market. Right now it's all going to be sports talks. I guess, you know, I'm got to buy more CDs. So maybe there is a plan behind it by RCA. I wouldn't be surprised me to see any people are probably here. I was like, uh-huh. But I'm going to have to have a lot of money to get Michael to bail Michael out. Have a great day, pal. Later. I'll have to say they bail out the pedophiles doing. No. No. And that's good. Oh, you know what I don't get where I'm here, which is really bad. I'm going to go a bit of a reminder because I think it comes out on Thursday. Oh, the, uh, right? I don't get the other ones. I look at the front page and see if there's a story of my people in the audience. But the, and choir, which is my Bible. Right. I don't, uh, I just never think about it. One of the reasons being that first of all, there's no newsstands to speak of. And number two, uh, you can't walk anywhere. See where I am in Toronto. You walk and there, here's, here's another one. Here's, uh, all over the place, you know? Well, you could walk here down the Swail in the heat in the rain. Down what's where? To where? To what place? I'll work it up. I go to borders. Yeah. There is a borders over there in sunrise, but they don't like me anyway. It's a Shuttle. I'm not going there to get the inquire. I'd rather steal a piece of stuff. I'd rather write over here. That's right. My wall throws an Avitator. I got my walled Reins right by me. There were been 24 hours, 24, 7. Just like a engineering department. How's that TV coming? Five, six, seven, five, 60. Pond, five, 60 on the AT&T, line nine. When it rings, it's an urgent message. QA, and hello. Oh. Oh. How's that TV coming? Five, six, seven, five, 60. Pond, five, 60 on the AT&T, line nine. When it rings, it's an urgent message. QA, and hello. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes, sir. Yes. I told you. Excellent. Urgent message when it was trying to say was, I have no line. Right. We got it. Thanks. WCW. QA, and hello. QA, M. Good afternoon. How are you? But I have to know when it's time to days. I mean, what was the answer? I was wondering when you get around to that 1400 story. Oh, man. That's a beauty. Duffler, they're getting a tear in his eye. Which makes a question, who's the better broadcast or Carl Foster, Alfred? I'm right. I could be. I may have a slight edge. That's a Mexican standoff I ever heard of one. Now listen, listen to this. You know, you just had a great idea. How come if they were going to put some of the programming on there? Why didn't they put here America on this market on that? I mean, it's not a good signal. But I mean, somebody might listen to that as opposed to being another stupid ass sports station. Just got to try Foster. It's got an eagle wants to be on a radio somewhere. So he's buying his way back on a year. Oh, it's radio ego. That's exactly what it is. But if it weren't, it used to be on radio eagle on that frequency. Don't you? Mr. Eagle. So there we go. That's right. And that was what we were all the time. Why didn't they just make your deal with the F.C. indirectly? If they wanted to do that, I don't know. I don't know. Well, you're, they asked your question, how many sports stations do you need one market but they're the one decent one. And I'm still waiting. Oh, one's that coming. Yeah, I don't know. Keep it posted. Let us know when it's happened. Thanks. Okay. To you. Who? I think we don't need any sports stations because I think that a radio stay. I think I would be hit right back in the day. But good mix. Yeah, everything you wanted. Entertainment talk shows during a daytime. A couple hours of sports. So that all he is sports nerds. Can you know, do their thing. Get a couple hours to get mad. I mean, mad dogs on a couple hours. Anyway, right. Right. We leave them out. We had actual good local news with a stop. New orders and O.O.Z. How many hours? What's that? Loving sports. Not Ripper readers. Draft news from the NFL. With vehicles and microphones that would go to places. News. Yeah. What's that? News. No. In fact, you know, something. Can't say. That no more. We have our own censorship on this station. You cannot say the inward. News. Oh. Yeah. Kiss a newsman. Good morning, baby. It's 11 past noon at five, 60. Oh, man. Oh, man. Wow. Use your have that neck. May you got the neck. And my shoe. I call it. It's the life mortgages you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgages from financial group. The benefits are incredible. You pay zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. And zero discounted points. Get that new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have you way 100,000 dollar loan your payments are just 3.34 month. If you have a 200,000 dollar loan you pay only 608 a month. And don't forget once you be financially good new homorgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay those penniness closing costs again. So what do you got to lose? Call 1 866395 lend a day no obligation. They'll spythe how this works. Get yourself that low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move your next property with no further cost. Respense you pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fee. Zero closing cost even when you move to another property. So get that new low financing rate. Just 1.25% and never pay closing cost again with the only one mortgage from financial group. For the tails call today. 1 866395 lend. That's 1 866395 L E N D. The Renequal housing lender restrictions apply rates. Something to change monthly 4.21 APR. 9. And low call. This is 4.2566395 L E N. M. Welcome to another edition of Inside Life Weeks Board Hold. DRACE 10 nasal mist is our guest today. Yo, Dre, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and worship you in every way. And based their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball. I don't know what I've been told but the big leg of woman. I got no thought. What you're taking on over and under and under of the over of the underwear. I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman. I got no thought. And what you take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots. And they say you're getting close to the sign of that contract. I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman and got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work for under privileged children. Help them to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock. I don't know what I've been told but a big leg of woman and got no thought. We'll be back with more inside Lifeless Board Hold. Don't forget to crawl Foster Show Water Clock today from 1 to 2. It's 1260 in a QAM BBC to screen first TV sperm race. Okay. Digital TV channel BBC 3 is to broadcast what it says is the first telebi sperm race later this month. How do you enter? Very slowly. The race to be shown as part of the educational lab rat series will pick the sperm representatives doctor Michaelay he and zero on Gibson against each other. I say it's a sperm race. It will be filmed inside two tiny glass tubes by a microscope and relate to a crowd watching a pubs big screen. BBC 3 controllers through a Murphy said it was being done for not instantly. Boxed educational shows. It was a creative risk but lab rats tackle difficult but important subjects he added. Dr. Leah scientist and Gibson comedians says they'll adopt different training routines to find out how different lifestyle choices affect reproductive abilities. They will then have their sperm measured and tested by fertility expert Alan Pacy from the University of Sheffield who predict which man is most likely to win. The program that's with an E on the end, the program E will be shown April 15th and 2330 that's a lot of 30 and is owned by one of a four-part lab rat series. In other shows, Dr. Leah he will go 60 hours without sleep to show the effects of sleep deprivation and the pervillari they sent a centrifugal machine to nine times the force of gravity. I like that. How do you get rid of that though? Because that's a fool right? Shouldn't we be covering that? Five state you should be covering your mouth. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Which of these people or things you care about the leases are pull question today? We're getting a pretty good response even though I don't think most people understand a question but that's okay. The number of 10 or 38 votes, the Pope 123, Rush Limba 110, Kate Moss 105, Game Mirage 78, the Mimey Heat 77, Al Franken 66, Ralph Nader 38, the Dolphins 34 and the Warnaract 7. You know what we need badly fast paper man? Bad. I go fix. I have like here like in Toronto I got like my own fast paper that I buy like cartons and keys. Even. Just reams. I just, uh, PUNCE OF IT. Let's see. Here's a facts from somebody. K.P. And we already had this. Didn't we pick manure could become crude oil? It's pretty crude anyway. Can we have that? That's inside. I think we did. Maybe the University of Illinois Research team is working on turning pigments into a form of crude oil. It could be fine. We find a heat homes or generate electricity. It might not smell to the greenhouse, but it'll be less and warm. Years of research and fine tuning are ahead before the idea could be commercially viable. But results so far indicate there might be big benefits for farm farmers and consumers. There could be big benefits. Lead researcher, young, who is saying said. This is making more sense in terms of alternative energy or renewable energy. And strategically for reducing our dependence on foreign oil, said Zhang and associate professor of agricultural and biological engineering. Definitely there's potential in the long term. The thermochemical conversion process uses intense heat and pressure to break down the molecular structure of manure into oil. How do you like that? Uh, it's much like the natural process. The turns are, in fact, all I got to do is just put a tube in a grass office here. It's much like the natural process. It turns organic matter into oil over centuries, but the lab, the process can take as little as how many minutes? About 30 minutes. About 30 minutes. Half an hour. How do you like that? Take an hour to oil and a half an hour. North Carolina will be rich. So tie down a fat boy and let's get started on this new enterprise. Yeah. Just time down. Make him a squeal like a pig like Nedbady and then just put a tube in his little man. Braccompe, hook it right up to your car and dump it to your nice dodge. You can be driving for years to come. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. How can I always fascinated by line 9? I don't know. Because I never give that number out. No, ever. And I don't know what it is. I don't know. To line up. Line 9 is 877, toll free. 785, 634, 55. I have no idea why I never mentioned too long. WCQA, hello. Can you play a stand major Miami Vice-Bit? No. What is that, Ben? Stop for the stand major Miami Vice-Bit. And before you go, could you do one short thing for me? What's that? Just say, freeze major Miami Vice, you're under arrest. Actually, I'm not going to do that. How are you? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. You won't do it. John Johnson is a good haircut. Thank you. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Hello. Only. It will. Hello. Okay. Pardon me? I think that was gone. Do you notice that? Did you notice that? Yeah. That sounded like Johnson did not. He's a mad incredible. Yeah, absolutely. He said no change in sound just like John Johnson. What do you think, sir? I'm in that design. He'll leave me. Okay. Thank you. Well, I think it was magic Johnson myself. 567, I'll find a back of the day. But we better not go there. 567, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I think that's what he wanted. You might have won the Stamage or song. I've got some shams on W.I.N.C. But I sure doubt it. Or you might have won the Stamage or Blues with Captain Dave. I've got a W.P.M. face down and a gutter. My mouth tastes like mong. My brain was like butter. Or he might have won the Stamage or promo with our close personal friend. What's his name? That's all he made all that money. What's his name? What is his name? From IOD that went on and did all the production for all the TV channels. Mixed with? No, Scott Chapin. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. Now, a new stock video, 610 W.I.N.D. If you have missed the last show, you missed this. Well, then what the hell is your problem? Pain is in New York. Tell us. When you do a show, I don't want to gain badminton. What do you want? What do you want? I don't want to. You want Alan Burke? I don't want that. You want Joe Erenos? I don't want that. They want the hell do you want in the air? Silence? Is that all we have? You're getting the M.A. But is that all you want? Who do you want? Is that all we have? What kind of content do you want during two to six? I did. Here, the next Stamage or show. This afternoon, it too. On this, Scott Radio 610. Double U-I-O-D. 23 Pass No. Now, I thought I must be dreaming. I thought you got up and ran and got a whole bunch of facts paper. Oh, yeah. I meant to. That's kind of like doing it. Actually, like bounced a little bit. I thought, oh, there he goes. You're going to bring some facts paper in here. I thought maybe Muff would bring in a couple of reams. I was going to wait for the break. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I got a couple of really great stories here before we get too far away from him. Oh, they're going to start to get some facts paper. Let's take the break right now. It's, uh, he's gone. Hong Kong. A man has bitten a dog to death in eastern China after an attack. As he walked home with friends after night out the news reports said, the man who was drunk pounced on the dog when it nipped him on the fingers and cheek in Shanghai. He repeatedly bit the dog until it died according to the South China morning post. I didn't like that. And a 15 year old Romanian altar boy, Philip Nubalko, after a church bell, followed a fellow in his head during an Easter service in his village in eastern Romania. The boy who was a regular worshiper at the Orthodox Church in the village of Movela Verde, was standing in the wooden bell tower during the Easter service yesterday. When the bronze bell broke loose and smashed out of his head, fracturing his skull and legs. He was hospitalized in the black sea port of Constantin-Constanta, 40 kilometers northeast of the village. He was in a coma for 24 hours and he came out of the coma today. He must be an active god. He is risen. He came out of his coma today. All right. After he got hit in the head by the bell and quasi-moder said, nice shot. Incredible. That'll hurt him. That'll teach him not to be doing that no more. 560-70560-pond-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Crest Colgate. Come on. What do you got? Paper plastic? WQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You're very limited on the bits that you can play now. Okay, good. Including you. We're not playing your ass. That's Reverend Jones again. Boring. Terminal. And by the way, the people of Papua Park said, next time you come there, you're going to take a shotgun and shove it up your back. Holy loaded, too. Like you. Holy loaded with crap. 560-70560-pond-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Line. WQAM. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good. I'd like to... Good door, John. The lift. Can we put your door, John? No. I'm going to talk to you about your pain. You're letting that. That's Reverend Jones. You're the one who was Reverend Jones. Oh, no. In other words, the tag team is back. The two of them. You're back on it. Okay, listen. Kiss each other. Deep's your for us. Okay. Let's not hold felt. 560-50-pond-560-pond-5-oh, they already did. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, I got a spot of port and guilty. Yeah. Last night, he was on the... Last night, he was on the sport channel. It was a call-in show with Dave Lamont and three other guys that have the States' radio. And yeah, they were expanding on the world of sports down here in South Florida. I don't get it. I asked a month before, so I think maybe he was out saying, Nobody, well, this is a mystery now. Where is guilty? Maybe he's gone. He was on the show last night and he said, I think moment should the morning it was live. So he was there last night. I guess he's come back today. But... I heard that he said guilty. I'm not being back on tomorrow. I'll be on with a big O tomorrow. Oh, really? I heard it when I was four years. Well, I had this one guy on there. He was... he must have been four hundred pounds. Yeah. Yeah. And he's talking about how that sports orange out Florida and the guy left something he broke a sweat was going through the fridge after the... Oh, okay. Well, listen, thanks for the good news. See, I'm not paying any attention to the other part of what he was talking about, but the interesting thing is there's a little mystery with guilty here. Oh, no. I always do an a sunshine thing up in Orlando yesterday and he's not on our air. And he's listening on the schedule. They won't tell me where he is. I think somebody needs to look into this. Yeah. Right away. Here's something you don't need to look into. All you have to do is make one easy call to get your carpets looking really spectacular. Just like brand new. Call my good buddy. He said to dry concepts joint. Dry concepts is the best in the business of bringing nasty look and dead looking carpeting. Back to life. It's like a miracle right on your floor. They've been doing it for me for over 20 years in my homes. Using dry concepts certified train technicians who dry clean your carpets. Same idea is dry clean your clothing. It leaves them vibrant and color soft to the touch. Small, many fresh to dry in a few hours. What's not to like? A couple of hours. They're dry related to rock and roll. So you really can't clean today and entertain tonight. And when you call dry concepts, first of all, I give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing works. So no rip off. No games the way it odds. And when you make that call, be sure to ask them to put you understand by list, which is going to save you a 15% off the already low price of your next carpet cleaning job. Call them today. They will never let you down. They've been doing it in town for well over 20 years in anywhere. Because it's a toll free number. Call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcepts.com. And I'm qualified for you, Fiddle Brass. Got the game as it gets from the zone man. That's what you're wearing in the hill. It's in the boots, I told them. I'm just rushing and going to ask them. Way to just keep things going from looting to that day. Or game, you busy queen. Like a pal, one of nowhere to hold that. And if it finds it, we find that we show that. He has a mind that will abide here. And that pilot should turn, look, say, since so bad. He's a grand pack of milk in a long nap. Thank you, the job that he got from his death. We got a marvelous death, see, see. I don't want to show a see, a nudity. That's your home and class of village team. He and home mess up the bottom and with death. I don't want the baby shit, yo, kid. Like a pal, one of nowhere to hold that. He needs life when he's so many feet down. I'm an important woman in fact. If you're making us from a boobie, you can death, sex. I'm just gonna see that, like, three grand cents. But if you're a pal, one of nowhere to hold that. Like a pal, one of nowhere to hold that. For protecting America from dangerous fart sounds. There's your FCC in action. So, Clarence comes in now, but it'll be pretty good. But, Kelly's on vacation into a couple of days off. So, evidently, he went up to do some other, you know, sandbagging. Right, well, we'll need money. Sandbagging. Um, carpetbagging. Whatever they call it. Moonlight. He sandbagging us and moonlighting with them. He's moonlighting with sunshine. And, of course, he created the larger light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night. And he has risen. All of these things. As in. It's a one. Oh, and speaking of that, Abdul Kadeer Khan, you know him. The Pakistani scientists who sold nuclear technology around the world as told his interrogators that during a trip to North Korea five years ago, he was taken a secret underground plant, a nuclear plant, and so many described as three nuclear devices according to Asian and American officials who've been beat by the Pakistanis. I sure wish I had that song until we blow a Pakistan. I'll have to leave for the right now. Play it. If Dr. Kadeer Khan's report is true, it'd be the first time that any foreigner has reported inspecting an actual North Korean nuclear weapon, or is that nuclear, pass the IA assessments of North Korea's nuclear capacity have been based on estimates of how much plutonium it could produce. And assessments of its technical capability turn out plutonium into weapons. So they got at least three, count them. Good, three. Oh, guess how many hostages are being held in Iraq right now? About 30? Try 40. It was maybe probably. About 30, maybe about 10 more, 40. They're getting 20. About 20. About 20. About 20. About 20. Which of these people are things you care about least? Oh, oh, I got to go for the pole tomorrow. Yeah. He's called a few times today. Ah. The Pope 134. Rarsalimb all 116. Kate Moss 112. But what is that? They just don't like an arrested-looking muskanki, uh, I don't know. See, you give her some sandwiches. Missed what you look alike. Game marriage 91. Mymyheat 84. Al Franken 70. He's got the pretty good total there. boring. Ralph Nader 44. The Dolphins 38. The war in Iraq 9. I was 799. Say they don't care. They care less about the war in Iraq than the Mymyheat. I think those people ought to be deported right now. Right. To Iraq. Rwanda. I think would be good. Little care. Rwanda. That'll teach you. Rwanda. Rwanda. Rwanda. Rwanda. Because they massacre it 80,000 people. They have genocide. It's like a party in the- Yeah, that's right. It's a parlor game. Nobody cares because they're like black people. They're nobody cares about blacks. They don't have cables to their board. Anyway, US gas prices break records again. Thanks Mr. President for those low gas prices. Thank you so much, El Presidente. Gas prices time now. The two and a half cents in the past. To which is high crude oil prices and tight capacity. Contributed to record prices at the pump. The nation might average in the past to weeks to end it Friday. It was a dollar eighty two for all grades. I just noticed that Duff went to lunch and Clarence came back. They must be alternating. Monitoring. Oh yeah, they both sit in there with their hand on it. And the big buttons too. Let's shit. Yeah. Round the clock. We have to have somebody in over there and hand on that big yellow button. Ah man. There there's something in here. No. Lawsuit. Get OSHA on the phone right away. What is that? Let's do that button. I just yanked it out. It's big yellow button. Oh no. Press it back in and see what it does. Oh no. Wow. Anyway, the nation might average it in the dollar eighty two. Gas prices are up thirty one and a half sets of Galenation lights since December. It's only the early April. The prices keep breaking their own records every week. She said, thank you Mr. President for those there. A low gas prices and worst fat boys so we can put that to above is the. The national weighted average price of gasoline including taxes itself served pump Friday was about a dollar seventy nine for regular. For regular. One eighty nine for mid grade and a dollar ninety eight for premium. San Diego had the highest average price for self serve regular. Two twenty two per gallon of ten cents from two weeks ago. Two two two. Wow. And then of course what they like to say is oh look at the price of gas in England. They pay five dollars a year and something nobody cares about that right. Because people here. They make their budgets based on what the prices have been here. What were accustomed to when we ought to be accustomed to as opposed to being ripped up. And they're like the silly smelly brids and others and high fuel costs raises the cost of everything. Right. That's everything comes from somewhere else. That is absolutely. Where is that thing? It's absolutely. Absolutely. Correct. Oh, in fact, that thing is right next to that. I should have no trouble finding. I don't know. We got new buttons because we had to give her all in fart sounds. You know, I wanted to make sure one of the first acts when I came in here was to eliminate those. They don't even exist in there anymore. Although I think if we scrolled up. Yeah, they're in there. I know they're not in hotkey. Well, there's this one. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. Oh, oh. Yeah. Number eight number seven number six number five number four number three number two number one. Oh, no. I just want to get no past that. So I could get something when I get past it. Oh, more a little more acceptable life. Like vagina really gets my panties and a while. That's okay. We still say vagina. We can occasionally mention the word penis. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure if you can get it. I'm not sure. I'm not doing that this way. Holy is boring. Well that's because you have that amount. They're all sorry for got it right there. I can do that. Now let's leave that to John. So anyway about Josh and that computer. Come in and QA and hello. We don't need another sports station. No we don't. You need you either. Okay. Haven't you died yet? That's why Mike. Haven't you died yet? Jesus Christ. He's benign. No he's not. He's malignant. He's like a tumor on my phone. He's not a tumor. He's like a gigantic oozing tumor on my phone. Receiver there. Get lost. Go away. Okay. Go back and do the dating show. No he's like a human weapon. Well I'm serious. They used to impose him when I had those dating show. They had some maniac that would slap him to the thing. And like you're full. Oh say hi to Mike. That no goodbye. Mike. Get out of here. And of course if we'd have found some other blind people. Some site challenge people. Maybe he might have had a date but I doubt it. Santa Versign. Well. I'm not going to make any comment about that. I'm not going to pick on site challenge people all over his case. I'll just go away Mike. Okay. Call up. Well why is he coming? Good friend. We're key tick. He'll play some jingles for you. Okay. Let's play some jingles. Twenty-two one a QM the mad dog coming up in two o'clock. And that's just fried. He looked pickled and bombed. What does this story? Maybe it's just sunburn. I mean there's a guy that really knows how to enjoy life. But I think he must have enjoyed all this. This is a tunnel. Here's. So I'm not talking about pickled and dark. I'm talking about pickled as in fact quite the contrary. Pale and pickled. The old. No. He routine. Shiny nose. No. I didn't get that close. Oh. Hey. His your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost. Let always this outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pale and administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human resource management. The outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which allows you to focus on your core business while leading the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a fee evaluation called toll-free 1-866 at Oasis. That's 1-866-286-2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 5-866-286-2747. 3-866-2747. That's a lot of QA in. I've wrapped. I've wrapped. When I woke up this morning, a year no salt was there with so many matches. Ask the guard what happened to me. He said that from now on you be. Join in our guests. I took a break train to the shower. Boy, I took a break train to the shower. Box cars filled with men with boys and girls. In the pre-esination in the world. You know I never pay that much attention. I'm how much things would change. Thought we were set on automatic. If I've never had anything that if it happened to me. I've got my ride in the box car because my boat is caught. It's all the wrong side. Made it not. It's hard to sleep with all the decented, present screens as they catch. I took a break train to the shower. Baby I took a break train to the shower. Box cars filled with men with boys and girls. In the pre-esination. I took a break train to the shower. I took a break train to the shower. The pre-emcore justice. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I was surprised to see the pre-esination. I know my smell of traction. But unlike that you... You still got such a... I feel just like that you are my favorite... And when you need to learn... That's why you are so much playing. I'm not playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. I'm just playing. Why don't you play with your friends? I'm just playing. Who knows? Who knows? Who knows? Wait. Who knows? Who knows? Who knows? Who knows? Anyway, here's the sky that's the worst part of this guy in the cocoa beach, you know, I just you're just out of control too much too much. You're the one needs to calm down I already saw the New York Times editor ill about just as clearly as a apology and he said calm down This is not as apology that it's an enter out of red it, okay? I appreciate all of the help we get on the facts machine all these great articles the overwhelming majority which I've already read Okay, right just like Muffrod in one this morning. I'd already read in fact. I brought him on heat scene Justice Scalia's apologies. Welcome. Says the New York Times. I'll read this just to pass if I'd get last part last Pergrap. Most I'm welcome though an offensive to the first amendment was a suggestion that he retains the first amendment right to bar audio and visual coverage of his public speeches But electronic media there is no such right as any person charged with safeguarding a market church free speech right should easily see We do respect us as Scalia. This is about something larger than being camera shy It's about this whole right-wing mentality of everything is a secret everything is gonna be a deep dark secret I Think Connellies wasn't dark enough now back in the day. I might have asked whether she was well Let's see here's the fact that says good old-time hockey last night with a lead skin Did you go to go to the Amazon to run or actually I watching right on my TV? I can go if I want but I I'm just not big and going to sporting events anymore because you can't see it I'm think and there's a lot of just too many pain in the ass people in the way in order to say what do you say? I'm saying I like sitting on my ass and watching my TV and it says go leave school Well, we want that game as crappy as they play the special in the first period man You never know what they'll might have. They were just coma induced by the way. Cali Johansson gets a mocision, please 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines are big one and two hours magnificent Which of these people or things you care about least? They have no idea what this poll question is which is good? Keep them off guard that way the Pope 157 in fact here's a little low-round one vote. It says it's hum and dread whatever that means Rush Limbaugh 138 that's what it said But he is risen K Moss 131 that's why he has that Easty compulsion game marriage on written five mymy heat 94 alphrank and 77 Raphnator 56 hasn't queue 56. Oh, let's get out from jingles for Mike the dolphins 42 in a war in a rack 13 WQAM hello How you doing Neil feeling great? This FC I think it's kind of put your show almost you know a Reverend Jones die. I'm feel like greatly hope that you die What are you trying to say? I wish you would cook moments. I'm not saying that. I mean that I wish you would die you're right WQAM hello There we hit the mother load But maybe we could hook them up together crazy run with his of course with his a prozac and Reverend Jones Maybe they could pop a few together, you know and for all that This spilt crap all over the place a lot why did not a lot okay Oh Just enough to be annoying, huh? Oh, not on brands new this that would be really bad 560 560 pound 560 on and I don't need that. I don't need it. This will sit down calm down like a factory in the cocoa beats Calm down take a couple of oxies or something and relax WQAM hello QAM yes sir your online one great. I care the least about the opium Coleman That's good QAM hello Neil. Oh you don't know about the opium and I was exactly told us about that last week Yes, sir. Hello sir. Listen. Are you guys aware? Oh the coral gables attorney John top 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T But we're out of rule now are we we're really we're running right to O for vote. Uh-huh. O for vote. Let's go for smoke Man WQAM hello Watch The wet lifestyle yeah, we got your wet lifestyle Ha ha ha ha ha First you got agreed to a wet wipe first okay? Come on QAM hello Yes, sir. I almost fell off my care Well, I'll be damn when Jelney said that You know that's you know, some guy called in the other morning and when he was doing the show alone Yeah, and he said let's go to like Joe and then my MBT and he said Joe and he And hung up on him. Yeah, her riot, but I said Now I'm only Come back on the what is coming back? Carl Foster right on 1400 Sports ball radio Show when he was on 940 I mean because you always look for an alternative to Mo Of course, and guy show was I mean, do we still say a portion on the radio? How about you but M and me but from the me but the globe? You don't know the crow. Well, the crow. Where's the class out like water cronkai? Yeah, the court I mean, you know, there's there's the same I think you guys say you know you got to have a voice for radio. He doesn't have that He is so awful. I can't believe that he's got his pocket He's fine. I was way back. I'm gonna say these people people are real broadcasts like Mr. Eagle. They buy their way on the earth People I couldn't get hired in a picture And I guess 1400 really needs the money Yeah, of course How many watts do they got? That's about 30 watts station. What do you expect? I remember a while back when he was on 940. You just got your sand there. You're gonna have to rate that you're killing me We don't have five people out there. No Carl Foster from from Foster, he would okay. So look cut the crap Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. Yeah, let's not be more happy to promote it show. What time is it started? When anything to get these sporthy or out of my hair man, they are just brutal Fine, in fact get him into a poker Brian's here. What's so he's got a couple of them stuck in there right now. What is that? He doesn't his own self. He oh, oh, in fact get that nice blonde wig back that you had before it would be a big improvement over there Now that's got a nice look. That's cute, right? Five that's kind of the look WCQAM Hello Yes, sir The FCC is definitely gonna stop your show. Yeah And And it exposed you for just fart noises. That's all your shows about right. Uh-huh. Now why are you listening? Because Reverend Jones will not allow you to do that. Uh-huh. Yeah, that's something you're right to Two of them the two of them together need to to be racked up in a butterfly net and put in the straight jackets And then be WQAM Hello Welcome to you, sir. Long time. Uh-huh. I just want to start by liking Jones's to George Thank you brother brother Listen, I feel so much cleaner, but I don't hear those fart sounds. You know what I mean? Yeah, I'm the honest with the girl these a lot more entertaining I'm waiting to see how they're gonna spell that out when they give us the the You come down the memo comes in. Oh, you can't play that That sounded anymore how they're gonna spell it, you know Making you call people be back No, sir, absolutely not No, Jose you cannot say the Bagboard no more. Oh, okay, you can't even say espag right wow. No, that's right or what he said And I'm not gonna repeat what was that he used the first one first part. Yeah, you know You know, I went to school with that guy buying Mike oh boy and that's this was back in the 70s when they put They didn't have special classes. They put them all the What we call and challenge people all together. Yeah, and there was a guy That was uh that was in and with him that Walked around on these crutches and then he drugged his legs behind him kind of like and that he was like a real scary type of a guy And all the good for a boy And he would just grud and pull himself around on these crutches, but of course Mike was you know not afraid of everyone Because he couldn't see and hold him around. That's a good idea. See Anyway, hey the best you guys I like what like here from here. Maybe you can give me jingle five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T line 12 minutes after one at QAM away to me. We're doing over here You In bright wings view now There's an alternative on the radio for those of you with more than one brain south It is the whibber will wade your network Highly consultants those supplements are inexperienced leaders who using the word Whibber who keep under fence conservatives away by Carey We even titled our shows with silly nits and fun ticking off our daily line up with the Watt one I want my air wave back morning zoo with Jessica Simpson and Gorbardal That's who That is I have jelly show stronger than my spine show with Tom Dashow and Whip Bella Followed by the steal their show show with Jerry Wobin and the North Carolina heavy-woffin's pain and wrapping up online up with the We're new to this what does this dial do show with power top and more so doing radio with people who never done radio So whip a row radio that was now and every major market on stations that I've yet to be enough and We know what we are doing 117 at five 60 WQA And that was a beautiful thing. Oh speaking of people on the air running radio and ever said I have no idea what they're doing Norma can't just to facts me this email to me Care concepts loss almost quadruples. This is the outfit that's Doing the deal with the Carl Foster Oh, and then as foster and foster you it on Siding a lack of revenue for marketing remixes the principal cause of it sales decline poverty based care concepts Long day year and lost nearly four times the size of its loss the year before the company that owns the I bit of America website Said it lost 467 grand for the year ended land December 31 the year before lost 117 grand so this certainly going in the right direction The company does not intend to sell additional marketing agreements care concepts say without giving a reason now the interesting part of it is Steve Markley care concepts chief executive officer said the 2003 was the year the company began expanding its I bit of America auction sales base from Florida into additional national he graphic area So not only will they be competing with a sunny sports bases, but there I bit America online options Oh There goes that stream there goes that revenue stream for the beesleys, okay? Now that four hundred and eight hundred and fifty grand That we figured out of course that was just for the just for the for-well part not cut to the Howard Stearn on over there on a West Coast for miles Naval so I'm more talking about a million more even the law Now they're gonna have to auction off a lot of jack straps to get them in the in bucks Yeah, they got lots do they used I see extra value that way 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon I know when muffled I handed me that story about FTI I said to him I looked at I read it a Tier came to mind I said It's all over I've been saying it's all over for a long time but this business is done If you people are smart what you lose you'll take your radio and you'll make it in an ash tray a coaster anything anything useful it door stop Right that door stop is not a bad idea depending on the size of it You'll take your car radio and you'll have it immediately unplugged You'll have it yanked out and put a nice very expensive CD unit sure right? Maybe the T-H-Maybe a little TV illegal The McAnervin's oh how about a computer? And our computer sounds good The talks like on-star Exactly that that talks back at you makes little cute sounds like like that Yeah, but that'd be great your radio is done man this business is finito That's the official announcement. Okay market down April 13 and our unlucky day two day April 13 2004 Radio is finito thanks to team channel. Thanks to the Clinton Bush administration's both them the FCC They did it were done WQM hello Pretty good You were talking about this morning I missed you about an hour you opened up saying that there's like no news on this helicopter crash Whatever and it's wanted to I'm not giving a plug or anything but if you go to the information clearing out dot info Not only do they have it immediately on there right they also have a very cool video montage on the Anniversary of the one year occupation over there and Set the music to really great footage from pretty much it's the last month I think it's called occupation without invitation If you have a petition by elimination right that's pretty good and also on the same website They have a fictional article. I mean it's obviously fiction and it's written about France declaring war on the United States As a road station shows them in Bay of the United States and takes over an emimics everything is going on and I rack The other French occupation also this week and I don't know if you saw it they had a in the least on the AP coming over on a different Sentinel And a woman and man in California Setting up the white crosses on the beach every Sunday for every American killed over there and they said two weeks ago With 600 as she gets outside on the beach right move it over puts up 600 white crosses in this week and she had a do 600 or 50 And it's interesting that over this massacre that happened this week that the media started showing more and more graphic pictures And in response I'm watching a lot of people come up to me and talk to me and now they're starting to express them outrage It's very interesting how it's consciously people will turn the obvious question is how many Does it take is it gonna be 750 a thousand what what magic number before the public finances? We had enough of this crap. It's got a stop you asked somebody they get they'll either Stop for a second thing about it or they become so violently against you for even mentioning that like how dare you Unimer can bless you do right and then the question is to everybody and just I scream it and I say it wake up America and get out to that website and you'll check out some great articles. Okay. Thanks a lot pal. I have already and In closing by 6705. Well, I got I mean, yeah, he's a little bit on a very serious side. We just find it's a serious topic But you got to have a little levity just to keep you going. That's all just to keep a smile on your push WQAM hello Hello, hi I'll leave it all either on the phone. Oh Go ahead. Hi, how are you? Okay My kids are down to Ohio and they're the inside joke and you're that moist call at mom Do you think I could hear it without moist towel left? Yeah, I boy fence says there's a moist towel at mom and it's inside so because you know I Can thank you. Okay, by the way. Yes, you're gay What's wrong are we talking about moist towel that it's a show up in that Voka Brian dead, but it's a self-contained song and we can actually play it You know, I think it's clean Oh, it's actually called moist towel and how does that towel that Does it make me gay if I'm clean and neat? I'll roll over the place He rubs it on his feet moist towel that moist towel that I keep one in my wallet And the past where my rubber is stored The rubber did this since I got it I think I dropped comedy store moist towel it Moist towel it I use the monitor let's see Until it blows Or minus people stink you know I use it on the desk On the monitor glass And it does it this lick When I wipe it on my ass Moist towel it Moist That will it Is I go home now please Well, when he said it doesn't miss a lick at that point. I thought okay Everybody was kind of like reaching around. It was that's wow 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T of horizon wireless line Which of these people are things you care about the least is our poll question today? They don't get it the Pope 165 How with them? Rush Limbao 147 hell with him too. Kate Moss 139 game marriage 106 108 whatever that is Miami heat 100 al Franken 84 Ralph Nadir has got 57 the dolphins 45 in a war in Iraq 14 out of 859 850 i ain't too shabby. Huh. We'll take it considering the fact that we're finished all of the good news is the cocoa beach Chronix is the signal is really good today because the engineers wanted they couldn't replace the TV because they're still busy out there P in on the tower Yeah They're coming in when I recognize mr. Mohour David Thank you, you're on You're here to testify that meal Rogers is a radio weapon of mass destruction you are Absolutely correct and a hearing why it's been agreed upon by many of my high ranking Republican bookmates Mr. Howard it's been reported that there in World War II you were a song your commando in the war song You know why not go be fight up right now true? I take coverage to that square real ass alligator Who's that? And that's more retarded brother Mr. Howard what exactly did mr. Roger say that indicated to you he was a radio weapon of mass destruction Well Roger said this The Rogers and that He'll Roger said this that the other thing or whatever And may I say New Rogers is the hottest working talk Joe home. I patch the Italian. Oh, yeah Can I go home now? I don't understand I've destroyed an apology senator for what? Yeah, I don't know it was between the brothers. I don't get how many take oh get you what grease ball come on Come out on a one one 1 32 28 till 2 at 5 60 WQ a m Man, he's hearing is going on about a bit better book but about on and on Plan to blame game cream. That's basically what it's all about all politics of blame game the FBI sucks should be disbanded WQ a hello not there online 2 5 6 7 0 5 60 Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line welcome to 14 hundred light bulb sports radio WQ a him hello Excellent, that was really good good sound WQ a him hello pretty good. Am I co-worker than I would like to okay good 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five what is the with the phone what does that sound it sounds like no what it alliances on the air or something It's not in here. Do you hear that yeah, it's a tinny Tony WQ a him hello This is the smoking God yes My fine Kind of a kind of concussion making up Making up some That's a stand for and it's okay. Well I hope you enjoy him 5 6 7 Something happened there what what are the phones that we're gonna just try this Okay, get rid of that. It's still there. There wasn't it You're what I'm saying it's like Nothing sounds right in here. I got one bus to do is that line three when it went whoever that was making the noise just like Like that and then all of a sudden it was all this hollow equity who cares you know right they don't care why should we care WQ a him hello Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Listen How many people it'll take for Be in the war whatever The answer is after the draft is permitted and the yeah, we've been through that many many times and ever great day 5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon my luck. That said welcome your life bulb radio WQ a him hello Yeah, man, sir I have come to see the light I also discussed it now with George Bush. I can't stand it good. I voted for him when he first ran I am now just ready to just make sure somebody pumps him off 5 6 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line So let's put that button right back real quick. Oh, that was probably a pretty good idea Which of these people are things do you care about least the Pope 168 rush limba 149 K Moss 143 gay marriage 110 Miami heat 105 al freck in 85 rap later 58 the dolphins 46 and the war in rack 14 out of 878 14 so that's the least thing they care about the heat and the give me the ball give me the ball at crap Okay, then the war in a rack Well, let's see 14 we're getting close to that 40 for that even swap for those 40 hostages over there sounds good to me WQA and hello Well make a package deal yes, sir Hi, I'm down here listen you guys on the radio and the misuse I've moved that for a land about six years ago kind of miss listening you guys all the time I thought I heard you say someone got a tower in Coco Beach A tower in Coco Beach? Did you say someone about having a station in Coco Beach? You're only on down here still, right? That is correct We have a we have an ex-son station Coco Beach and a tower and leave the tower pizza for there The beeslees are it's another revenue stream We'll be all you need to be on the accent. Yeah sure. I need to be on Miltown have a great day paly 5 6 7 all 5 60. I'm just running out the string. Okay. That's a couple of years to go this crap And then I'm taking all of my marbles getting out of here. Okay. That's it. We'll see me no mole Trust me when I tell you that oh line nine is ringing though. I might come back for that QAM hello Yeah Woo man old man alive That sounded a little bit like where the hell are they oh? That's the run rod radio net. Oh, look him some of the really stuffy knows that didn't it? It's run rod radio net work. It's all like Howard Stern with a really bad head cold. Oh, don't sit in WM hello How you doing pretty good? How's it going paly good good good can I give in in one or not? Yeah, okay. Thank you. Hey listen real quick. That's the limit to that's your quote Oh, man. I tell you what I'm gonna put that my little key chain if I can get good Put one out for sale And I cut the smootveer over the weekend called Wonderland if you've heard of it never heard of it And to move me hard to alustle it's about it's about John Holmes in his story. I guess. Oh, I don't want to see that No, it wasn't nothing perverted in that sense, but guess who's in the movie's Paris Hilton? Oh, yeah God what are drag? Worst take charge scene. Yeah, but she's on there and John Holmes with her and he tells her Beaded honey beat it move it and she kind of like just gets off the reot. It's pretty funny But that's my that's my script for today. So Wow now Are you gonna interpret that or should I just kind of like think about it? Oh, yeah, maybe mommy can interpret that when I get over to her place for lunch Was one of those concepts or something happened the the whole speaker thing in here was when I'd phone went like that it kind of made a sound like that one And now every just really Strange, but that's okay. It kind of adds to the ambiance here QAM maybe our crack engineering department Can take a puke at it, huh since they're doing one hell of a job WQAM hello Okay, great. I'm real excited to hear about that. Okay, WQAM hello Hey, we can talk a little more about dixen boobs and that might spice the show up QAM hello Yeah, Neil, do you think they're gonna ask the question? How come it took them so how come they didn't scramble in the airplanes? Up when the juts got to hijacked? No, I don't think they're gonna ask that question five six seven oh five 60 What did the scramble legs make yeah? Maybe it's my name scramble couple. I kind of Lisa could done that when she was making him flat jacks WQAM hello Yes So I had a nice four day weekend with my girlfriend went to propose and lost Vegas. Yes The power went out. Yeah, I saw that the power went out in the way in the gale and also in the blasio and Vegas Unmack So I just wanted to let you know so what happened Well, the rumor around was there was a new security system put in and somehow the computer system Triggered a power out it's only to the balschio and know other Casinos were affected so they moved us to another Other casino give us a bunch of cops some nice restaurant cops Before the power went out the place is beautiful. I recommend it to everybody But it was just one of those things that happened and what you do you know I'm glad to solve that Congress. I'm here the rumor. I'm here. Is that mow is gonna be hanging out at the Ablaugio? You know who I am? I'm mow green. I made my bones when you were going out with jelly. That's a looted And look this is Look Al success Look there Now Red Heat And a mute, repealed to obey. You will get a call from my hatchet, man. Tom. Yeah. Wow. I don't see KLW. Golden. BAH! Just a little jingle, kiss my customers and let's play some C.KLW jingles. And that's it. Golden. Alright. 16 till 2 mad dog coming up into a clock to humper the Hebrew hammered for and then we got to Marlins in Puerto Rico, no less. To play those much heated. Montreal expose. You thought was missing something about the Recon. Yeah, that's your battle, okay. So you spiced by the mountain again. We're too busy with the Orthodox Jews. WQAM, hello. And the law cabin Republicans. Oh, it's that line three. Wait a minute. That's that same sound of me the other time, remember that? Strange. Maybe it's a Bell South conspiracy. What do you say? I think that's what it is. That's a loop. Bastards. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. They also under water now. They're just all screwed up. WQAM, hello. South by the. South by the. Say what? South by the. South by the. South by the. Well, we're looking back at that. No, no. Come on. Let me see again. You are not. What's wrong with us? What's wrong with you? I've got to get her help from you. I've got to ask me is calling me for help. I'm going to call up Dr. Laura. Maybe she can straighten your arm. I'm a libertarian I'll brother, what a goofball. What a waste of time. You're even worse than the NATO rights. All I know are he's he's worse because he's the one that's in a script the election nobody goes for the veterans WQAM hello Hey now you notice how that the thing in a for just went away Thanks very much for the return hello. Hey, what's up now? How you doing pali? I was just worried about having competition for my mom WQAM hello Oh, yes, sir. Yes, I have one quick question and what could that be sir? Okay, well it could be this one or maybe nine or yeah All right, that's 30 man. Do you play with that? From where's that guy stuck in my head all day? Yeah, it's from Frank Sinatra. Fly me to the moon. Remember that? It was in that movie five six seven. Oh, I just got a big conversation I've 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. In fact I don't mind I've seen worth the effort. I was gonna play something. It's not worth it Not gonna get just close to the end. You know, I mean literally WQAM hello not there line one QAM hello QAM yes sir, oh, I foster show Yes, how are you pretty good? Your show is wonderful. Uh-huh I got a question to ask you go right now The hamburger place that you talked about in Davy, I'll provide I haven't talked about any hamburger place I have no sponsors that are a hamburger places You said something about place on 595 Let me say it again. I have no idea what you're talking about what we'll What no, no, I was just wondering about that because I was about what about what? About a place that you said that had tremendous embers. I haven't got any idea. He's talking about food records No, no workers don't have tremendous hamburgers. They got they butter the bun. They butter your buns I just want to say I am first I'm first I'm gonna hook you up with that libertarian man We'll get you a package deal between get some help for about 30 bucks I'm going to me. Wow. Woo man now that I know the good stuff is here I'm delighted to be here. Where is it? I don't have it. WQAM hello. Yeah, yes, sir No WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I love you show and Georgia the best Exactly you got it. Okay, all right here that that line three there's something strange something really strange I'm lying three Carbonation of the funky weather. It's a combination of the funky bell South people Right could be the devil it could be the chupacabra or It could just be a polycrap or my feet that I think probably I've only allowed to play that 80 times today What's we get by that it makes this funky sound? Yeah, you're that holy moly holy mac and all WQAM QAM hello QAM QAM hello You're sir. I got a website for you that Okay, and I can't be bothered with that Fives no I can't all everybody's got a website. I got eight minute websites. I got my nice new computer at the house of my nice LCD flat screen. I don't need any more websites to complicate my life. Okay Probably some pornographic crap anyway. What was it? WQAM hello Hello uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I just find an amazing. I'm sure you do too with the spirit of the 60s come back people out in the street Protective like crazy. I sure they are yeah Right, oh, what do you have to see the wall the 1860s Everybody got the website. Yeah, and that's it. I'll see you at the border valley. Okay Wow, I think what it was trying to say was hi, I'm how he You You I You're the black just in and roses get in stone On a grey hump of two roads You turned to get some baddick in homegrown For couple time back to day cold All right No No No No No 155 mad dog was just any got the color back in his face That's good No seriously yes, did he look really yeah, I don't know Must have been that 18th green lizard maybe it was on the 18th No more golf talk That's it We're all done with a golf talk We're going to set all the golf talk over to Carl Foster on 14 hundred light bulbs for radio sports ball radio Hey, there's an idea what a golf station station. I hate to break the news to you while I'm sure you already know Call for an original cable. There's a golf channel on TV. Yeah There's a guy. I was gonna read this but you just He's a very nice. I can't handle it. I can't handle it because I heard mode last couple of mornings gravy Oh, well, a checklist and Arnold Pami know something If I know it, no, let's have I went through my whole life and on my deathbed somebody said to me they asked me well What have you done in your life? I'm what did you contribute to mankind? Did you shine people shoes? Did you were you a great bio chemist? Do you entertain people? Did you mow lawns? Did you make the landscape of people's homes look better? What little thing or great thing did you contribute in your life? What did you devote your life to? And I would say I played golf all my life. I'm not putting that context in thinking about it And you will start screaming you'll be making like crazy sound all day long But I'm the golden bear. Yeah, the golden bear, okay? A real cool if the river was working. You got golf all real golf all Yeah, and that's everybody's a golf all you're just invented new word That'll be on the list next week. He's a golf all yeah, can't say that. Yes, you can. He's a golf all Arnold Thomas all the old old funny daddy fart cool a golf hole That's precisely what they are. Oh, I played golf all my then and then there in tears When it comes to his last message he's breaking down into I mean based on what you made millions of dollars running around out there Wackin a little ball around you idiot you golf hole you Schmendrick that is just unbelievable I think like these are such great. I mean at least okay, so like athletes Mickey, man old babe Ruth A lube garrick Ted Williams. They entertain the public okay, I'm not saying athletes don't contribute something It's entertainment. It's the same as actors movie people TV people whatever But golf I played golf all my life. That's what I did for a living and contributed a mankind I respect our chief bucket. I worked in the factory more than I respect that. He was funny. He drove a cab for a while. There you go and had the pub Right, but I mean I played golf all my life in the way this is sighting the sports nerd suck up to these golf holes man It's just unbelievable Well, there's a real gentleman that I'm a pop. You know, you're such a schmuck. Absolutely. I'm listening