So let's cut out all the nonsense, SPAT and move on back to stay. Now, pay the need and nuclear tape. Are you sure? Why don't we stop with seafood? Go and move on. Back to stay. I'm dying on the way. Boom, boom. See that works out great. That eliminated the need to feel like to be to fill in right. Plan out break in there. And then, of course, it gave some of those fines, Potsets of ours. I can do a little off-premise here. For me, there was wrong with that. Nothing at all. Oh, we got a little space to fill there. It's 11.02 at 5.60. WMH to Friday. We got the mad dog at Bruce Rume in Mark Hame at 2. We got the Humper at 4. That's not the one. Hey, Goldberg at 4.00. You got Orlando Alzacuirio at Bongo's. Oh, the big rock solid. From 7 to 10, 8K to 10, it's in a clock. That's our schedule today where the elected are not. Now, the other day yesterday, it seems to me, and the midst of all that other buzzer right. Right at the end of the show, I was talking about Rumsfeld and the tanks and all of that. Right, the Humvees. Despite Secretary of Defense, Donald Rumsfeld's assertion that the military is outfitting the military's with armor as quickly as possible. The company provided in the vehicle said it's been waiting since September for approval from the Pentagon to increase monthly production by as many as 100 of the altering vehicles intended to protect against roadside bombs in Iraq. Army officials speaking on condition of that in the video course. Ignores yesterday that they haven't approved new purchase orders for armored trucks despite the company's readiness to produce more. We're ready, but the Pentagon's not. They said the Pentagon has been debated, but debating how many more armored humbese are needed while people are dying. Rumsfeld questioned by soldiers and Kuwait on Wednesdays, they said they've had to pick through landfills for a scrap metal to boost vehicle protection. Said the Army was working as quickly as it could to get armored humbese to the front. It's a matter of physics, not a matter of money Rumsfeld said. I didn't let the Army was breaking his neck. It's neck. President Bush yesterday reiterated that the concerns expressed are being addressed. But exactly, there's an armor holdings in Jacksonville. As well as Army officials and members of Congress had Rumsfeld assertion that the protective equipment is being provided as quickly as possible is not true. And that is the company's been waiting for more purchase orders. We are prepared to build 50 to 100 vehicles more per month, Robert McCreeady had a armor holding zero space in the fence unit. Send this statement. The company is producing about 450 armored humbese from up from 50 in late 2003. When a sudden surge of attached and Iraqi explosive aid, a lack of protective armor, they're ready. They're ready to rock and roll. They are really rock solid. The Pentagon is well, let's push some numbers around here. You understand? They're like pencil portion. They're pushing it. Rumsfeld's lines are received. Which he does very well, by the way. We're very poorly. Okay, here's the full result from yesterday. And I may have to believe for like three or four minutes at any time during the show because of my phone rings. That means that my den and CV decks are here. They've literally yesterday from Florida. We're ready for it. And they're coming FedEx overnight. So they'll be here. So I'll be rushing right on. So during that period of time, I want you to be on your best behavior now. All right. It's trying to do something. Okay. Anyone who is your favorite Howard. That was our full question yesterday. Who is your favorite Howard? That's kind of a strange pool, but somebody facts it in. And we thought, well, yeah, why not? And we had like 14 or 75 votes. It's wrong with that. Right, and then look, Sonica. Right, right. Pretty impressive. Howard Stern, 300 and 70. Nice going. Howard Co. sell 279. I bet you need me still alive. He'd have given the Stern master run for his money. Howard Co. sell. And I probably do like the little generation gap. How many years ago did he die? Look it up, Josh. Please. Howard Co. sell a long time ago. Did you have any idea? No, but we could find out. Well, you wouldn't know. We'll look at it. I don't want to start guessing anyway. Howard said, co-sale, that are really good job. There's 279. Howard Dean, 253. Howard the duck. Howard the duck came in fourth. 112 votes. Oh, you four people out there who finished behind Howard the duck. What does that tell you? He died. He died. He died. Howard, think of seeing 76. Howard Smiley, Burgers 74. Now, why would he do so well? I mean, I realize he's had his moments in South Florida, but why? Why? I don't know. Josh. Sports crowd, you know? Howard Smiley, Burger. Yeah? 74. Don't like him. By the way, he died in 95. Howard Smeller, Burger? No. No wonder that team is so weak. Howard Co. sell. 95, that's only nine years ago. Oh, brother. I thought it was a long time before that. Howard Biel 72. Howard Hughes 63. Moh Howard David. Oh, do do do do do do. 60. Howard coming hand from happy days. 56 Tom Bosley. Oh, man. I'm not just Howard Johnson 48. I've restaurant and baseball fame. We look kind of lumped him in the together. Pick him. You pick him. And Howard Kiel 12. He also died recently. And nobody knows who that is. He was in show both. Remember show both? No, but say it by far. It's fast. Show both. Barbie Benton's are being decirited. Curtain, the gal. But they didn't think of him as that. And old picture of very fine photo by that is just. I don't know. That is just almost too good to be true. Especially since it's got to be from about 50 years ago. When you think they're about. I know. I was like, I'm like, I'm turned man. I would be tough because she was born January 28, 1950. She's like a little bit beyond the embryonic stage in the picture. It's a fine photo behind a meeting curtain if you're with the age of 100. And you got 45 pieces of ID. She was born in Sacramento, California. But a great town. That is a fabulous city. Ever been there? No. Leave right now. All right. Father is a doctor in Carmichael, California, which I've no idea where that is. But I'm assuming it's near Sacramento. Barbie Benton. Here's her list of stuff. Well, if I did her whole list of stuff here. We'd be on Hill about 430. And the wall came tumbling down. Hospital massacre. Death stalker for the love of it. Sugar time. Remember that sugar time by the Maguire sisters. Course you know to the uncrawl records. No, that's just for Vulca Brian sake. Old Farts. Sugar the more and sugar the third girl from the left. The great American beauty contest. Your hot is image. Sposh. Hey. Tummon. I'm your hot as image. Sposh. Oh, it's just even the back of my throat. Like it's a weak. We quote. I'm so rise. I can't read it. Margen's who decent. What? Extrememist. Like Dutch. And to just spread it around a little bit. Little Italiano. L'Omodele colpul perfetto. What does that mean? L'Omodele colpul perfetto. Girl in bed. AKA the amante case scotano. El ombraidele colpul perfetto. And hot time is in cold blood. Oh. She was also in shul margchen. Another one in German flicks. And hot to just a whole bunch. She's all over the place. You have to. Once upon a time playboy the part of continues. Hammerhouse of the mystery and suspense. She was in hammers house. Long time ago. Murder. She wrote. My camera. See, see the hammers all over her footprints. All over the place. Mad Houston. So fantasy. Wow. Bad news. Bad bad news. David Brudno and I you have no idea who that is. I do because I used to live in Boston. I'm from. Many of it. Boston radio. That are radio talk show host David Brudno. I did it. 64. Should we have like a moment of silence? Do you have you ever heard of David Brudno? No. He's going to make two. Do a moment of silence for. Okay. Patthau. David Brudno. The most recognized voice of Boston talk radio. From more than a quarter of a century died last night. The Massachusetts General Hospital is radio station. WBZ reported he was 64. WBZ the home of Jefferson K. And Carl the Susan Bruce Bradley. And Jay Dunn. And who are they about? And Larry Glick. Brudno who is soothing voice could be heard every week. Ninth thirty eighth states in Canada. WBZ since 1986. And out of the answer. Ten were 2003. He was suffering from Merkel's cell carcinoma. A form of rare but treatable skin cancer. He had already lived with AIDS for more than a decade. Beating viral infection that nearly took his life in 94. His death came a day after an interview concluded that his bedside. Massachusetts General Hospital. He announced the cancer is spread into his liver and kidneys. And it was ready to die. Boy, I've all part could have just gotten there in time. I don't know about the kidneys, but she could have brought him a brand new liver. Okay. I'm not asking my doctors to do anything illegal, Brudno told the veteran news anchor Gary Lop here. I wish I could, but they won't. I will make it through. My head is completely accepting of this. I'm absolutely ready. He said. Are you ready? He left his show in November of last year to fight the cancer. We covered returned in March interviewing Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. Governor Mitt Romney and former in the start of Governor Jesse Venturon. His first night back, his voice was noticeably, our horse. We're guaranteed nothing in life except life itself. It's something what we get as an adventure. Not always a happy one, but always a learning experience as well as like now a time of fear and maybe even despair, he said. But for what I was hospitalized again this month in his condition, he deteriorated quickly and now he's dead. He's dead. David Brudnois. He was like legendary in Boston. That's why you don't know who that is. You ought to check out Boston next week. All right. Why you wrong medication? Oh, look at us. Here's some liner stuff. Just came over there. I was ready to put his new circular file because it didn't look like anything to important. And probably still isn't. Join QM tonight for a live broadcast with a big, oh, it's one of my favorite broadcasts. The big O. Located at the AAA and with the QM QDs at the Hooters in Bayside. Step on for specials on present and table. And watch the heat game. That's at seven and I'd bang those hooters with a big O. And look for the QM Van tomorrow from two to four at World Ford Kindle and 15551 South, 60 Highway. Stop by for free food drinks and prizes. Now you're going to be there at that or not. No. That's right. You're on vacation. Right. But they always say it's on vacation. Here's today's pool. Oh, what a place. Who is the biggest seller? That's the pool. I was a good suggestion by our good friend Sean. Who's got a few other good ones on there. But we'll see. In time. Who is the biggest seller? All right. By the way, Booster is talking to the San Diego Pagre. Did you know that? Maybe that's probably the head of that call yesterday about Booster is leaving. Whatever. But we still like Booger line. And maybe the Marlins. Well, if the Marlins stick around, no, we don't go to Vegas. Maybe the Booster will get the head TV job. Or they stand radio job. And they can send Dave Van boring someplace else. Who's the like to San Diego? That would be. The L.S. San Diego is very serene and mellow and the climate is very temperate. Right? They do. Ever been in San Diego? No. You haven't neither advised them. Why are you, John? No, I haven't. Never been there. But now we say it's very like peaceful and plashing and very. The L.A. It's not peaceful. But they see it like if there's any place that's got like perfect climate in the US. It's San Diego. Anyway, now where did that come from? Wasn't, oh, that's the boot. Who is the biggest seller? And who's the list of Tronhead? I'm sure the audience will add some more. John McCain. Roland Cole and Paul. Phil Henry. Phil Henry. Okay. Dennis Miller. Rick Wally. Rick Wally. Steve King. He used to be a course at Little Talker's and W.S. New Year's of Go and then he found Jesus. Any found the right wing. Any found all his adopted children. Any found Brian Craig. Any found Nick Lawrence. He wants to send me a little Roger. It's loosely. On fire 60. He's there. He's there. He's there. I bet you that was Jack Lemon. Yes. Will Tronhead assume? He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's everywhere. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. He's there. Yeah. His brother. Yeah. And my brother is there. Why is it that it's not a little too much in with that of night? All lies down. All it's like we do a Gary's girl! Got all of you, if you dare you steal! And who you go, you go, just like that? Little lunch, George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? You're a reason I played that as close as the Jack Lemon Effect, okay. Well, just to broth that to mine, I can't play the other drop it. No. Now, you probably wonder, how can we play the Gary kind of thing, you're in there a little bit out of the law. No, it's not. No, it's not because here's the latest. Gary kind of has rated Wayne's questions about his sexual history so we can pursue a slander case against the man. I didn't change the portfolio. What a see? Now that I got to do that, that's just a little piece more of work that Eric does now. So we can keep eating him sandwiches. There's a gross sandwiches? Okay. I changed it. Now I'm coming off the sabrona nerve. Do you see the new pool? They look. They look. They reflect. Oh yeah, worked. Okay, I'll get to it in a minute. The sexual history, so we can pursue a slander case against the magazine writer. It's suggested the former congressman is hiding information about the death of intern Sean Ralevee. His lawyer said yesterday. Oh, especially right in the middle of Sonica to be hearing about Sonra, of Sonra is very disturbing. On Wednesday, U.S. District Judge Peter K. Leisure ordered condens to dispose information about his sexual history and finances. In 2002, kind of filed and left me a dollar loss against Dominic Dunn. You know, the one with a little, uh, spectacles. Yeah, you know him. Special correspondent, Divinity Fair, saying Dunn, statements like millions of people to believe that condo was criminally involved in Lebie's death. And a lot of us still do. After the 24 year old U.S. Vera prisons employed disappeared in 2000. Month, condo reportedly told police hadn't affair with Lebie, but knew nothing of her disappearance. Her remains were discovered in Washington, DC Park in May of 2002. He is not considered a suspect in the homicide investigation. The then California congressman was defeated March 2000 to primary after months of negative publicity about the case. Uh-uh. And on toast. Well, there you go. Very kind of spec and lose not a big way, but I sure read the herbout him and about, uh, Scott and Lacey Peterson about here anymore. We know he's guilty. Fry his ass and get on with it. Okay. Who cares? But his mother is so alien. And I think the reason that he was fishing there is he wanted to see if he could fish the body up again. Because he forgot to get the diamond offer. Fringer. Oh, yeah. That's why he went right back to the exact spot where he dumped her ass because he wanted to get that, uh, I'll get the ring back. Here's some good news. How you want to. I like some good news on a Friday. Sure. I'll take it. Group with draws lawsuits seeking a broad recon on South Florida, spa machine amendment. Oh, and he liked that. Well, good. A group opposed to gambling said yesterday it's withdrawn a lawsuit, seeking a recount of amendment for and Howard County in county. The group, no casinos and Heather Velano, a broad voter who's managing director of an animal rights group, found a lawsuit in November and tell I have see seeking a recount in Broward on the basis that questions over 78,000 votes remained unanswered. The amendment was won pass it by margin of almost 51% of the more than 7 million votes cash. Changes this state. See, that's not right. It didn't win by 51% a one 50 one to one by margin of 2%. See, but they always write that. This is the AP in a Harold. Didn't win by margin of 51%. But anyway, it got 51% of the more than 7 million votes. Changes this state constitution to let voters in, uh, and date the site later whether to law slots. It's 7 South Florida, Ray Threx and highlight Frontan. Any tax revenues on the slot machines will be dedicated to schools around the state. About 94% of those 78,000 ballots, which were not correctly counted on election, they favored the constitutional amendment that approval margin exceeds Broward County's countywired approval margin of 70%. The amendment was passed by margin of nearly 120,000 votes, so throwing out all of the student Broward votes still wouldn't change you outcome. We want to stress that our case has terrific merit. Right. But even if it were successful, it's unlikely we would change you outcome in this selection said Randy Johnson, a central Florida Republican, phony who chairs no casinos. Our best course of action is to withdraw the lawsuit, be infocusing on the next phase of the fight to protect Florida's families from the expansion of gambling. Johnson added he'll try to continue his fight in the legislature, which will write a lot of implement amendment for including how to define slot machines. See, it was already in there. I was already in the amendment when people voted on the suicide. Continues to try and is best to a subvertible of the public, which these right wingers love to do just like just like your governor with his previous plan since the birth that the class size amendment. Citizens group with support amendment force it will create 18,200 new jobs with annual wages of about 36 grand. We're happy the opposition finally recognized the voters of spoken said GM Horne, spokesman for the campaign for yes for local control. Florida residents still amendment 4 can provide billions of dollars for public education. Thousands of high paying jobs and improve the economy and Southland. So there's a little piece of green news right little of them are hope. Sure. Okay, let me vote. Biggest sellout is colon poll. I mean, John McCain's in a run. I have those. Did you vote for McCain? I did. What good that even is about? colon polls got seven. A first matter. You vote. The biggest sellout. Somebody would know principal. Somebody just sold their principal down in November for whatever reason. Maybe somebody made it off of they couldn't refuse. colon polls seven. John McCain for Dennis Miller too. Phil Henry has a pair. Are you sure? Well, we'll look. You first Steve King won Rick Riley won. You know that was Rick that voted for a Nazi. I might have to play that today. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless. Let's get a whole bunch of calls in between down to a clock which I say every day, don't I? Every day. And we do we get a few. Smattering here in there. W to Q a. I'm hello. Say there's one right there. That's pretty good. W to Q a. Hello. Hey. Okay. I got one for you. But you need to take Steve can off today. He's taken. He's taken somebody to notice. He didn't sell. He just sold his state. We got. Who you got? Is that a good one, yeah. So you're going to have a credit card, you don't know where the good thing is. They'd take him to put him in a box. Okay. Okay. Say. What do you mean a box? I mean don't do any harm. Just put him in a box. Don't let him out. Nature will take it's course. Is that a dollar? Democrat. That's a good one. I'm sure that you put people in a lot of this is a pull it's endless. You know what you know like thousands of names. There are so many gutless spineless cowards in a cellar. They just don't have any principles. He's just standing for nothing. WQAM, hello? Hey, Neo, just on your website. Is that your forehead? That's my forehead, right. No, it's your back-to-mas. WQAM, hello. Feef King was Cornell and called girls. WQAM, hello. At, at, at, at, at, at, at, at, at. What is it? At a pole to get shit. Now, yes, sir, go ahead. Mark McGrath. Mark McGrath. Good. No. He was a leep singer of Sugar Way, Kick After October. Right now, he's like the host of Access Hollywood, or some, Robin Kelly. Mark McGrath, he's a total cell-eye who that is. And by the way, that group blows. OK, thanks a lot, Tom. Sugar Way himself. Oh, he just, oh, he's Kick After Short Group. Yeah, yeah, Kick After Short Group. Sugar Way, boy band light. No, boy band, ugly. They are really, anyway. Get him on it. Whatever these people say, they agree. Ability Day Josh, because it's Friday. We're going to put a whole plus it's to Newton. It's almost Christmas. It's that holiday time of the year when we bring good cheer, unless of course you work at QAM. 560, 560, pound 560, and a Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? Great. Never better, man. I got a suggestion, and I wanted to mention the magazine article I read the other day. OK. It's called, have you heard of the week? It's like a digest of news? No, it was that with two easier than EA. Two eases. OK. And there's an RN says, so you want to live in Canada, and they could care, like Canada for all the blue status. I guess the only advantage we have here is that it's warmer. Other than that. Yeah, that's about it. That's the only advantage you had over just about anywhere. I said, it's warmer. That's about it. My suggestion for the poll would be root off, Julie Arne. Rudy, I actually like to try fantastic. I love it. And the argument, I had two little ways came to my door. I did a day to tell me the good news. And I chased him away. But we had a different review of your telling me. Love it, good news. Neil, you too. Let me just give the whole audience a little clue. OK. Any of those religious nuts come to your door. Try to put all that propaganda and interfering with your life. Shintin in the lake. That's right. You're low, so it could possibly do any like liquid, written injuries, stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that'll get him dancing. I mean, you don't have to have really good aim. Maybe like a bullet, a toe off something like that. Get out of my life, get out of my face, take your religious bobbin my shoes, and get a loss. Take your, what does that magazine they got to watch tower? Oh, yeah. Look what it did to Jimmy Henry singing around by that watch tower. Right? And look how about the guy in Texas? You're listening to Neil Rogers. You're on the list of your 156. Or two people. Yeah. Something is in a tin tin. Not talking to one or in a tin tin. That's special one. I'm shivering in a hole. I'm watching TV. And joy in a piece of fire that I really need. But I know that it won't last forever. You're a bell has to ring. I'm not about to go most goodness. The things they want to save me. They save all I save me. And for that time I never will run away. You'll make two things. I will drag your hands and my whole job away. Right, though. Yeah, he's still warm as an actor. I drag your ass away. I'll get out of the bus. I'll come to your house. I'll make you a blue with a face. So don't you come up. Not him. Here's how we win. They have my 103. A little bit too much ash in that bit. If he asked me. 29 till noon is 5. 60. But if you haven't got the mad dog at Bruce Ruralman to the staff. You get ready for that big game in Denver on Sunday. But that's going to be ugly. Patrice played the Bengals in the New England this weekend on Sunday. Wanna clock? What do you think, Josh? Mangals got a chance? Right. But the Patriots point a bunch of terrots, man. You have the Browns last week. I should put out of that. Your dolphins lost the Arizona. My dolphins? Your dolphins lost the Arizona. They lost a little girl's team to the schools of the blind. Girl blind girls. With their hands tied behind their back. They're at least tied together. In fact, in shackles and whatever. What goes with shackles? Leggarns. Catles. People's choice awards nominate Fahrenheit 9.11 is the favorite probability of this. So, pull over taken. I think maybe pretty good today. Maybe big. Who's the biggest sellout? 73 votes. John McCain 23. Colin Powell 22. That's the battle. Phil Henry is right in the ass. Are you sure it'll live in? Dennis Miller. 8. Zell Miller. How about Steve Miller? Yeah. I mean, that's his name. It is. Steve came to. That's the two who know who that is. Oh, wait. I'm just saying. Who did you land? He just moved. He's still got the two who know who he is. I'll recall he's got a pair of Mark McGrath. Don't have any. From that great that had banned. Yeah. Hot rock band. Right. Hot rock band. Sugar and spice and everything nice. Okay. WAM. Hello. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Speak to me. Listen to the radio. I know you. Yes. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Hello. And then he gets a call. What are you? You're a punch man. WQA and hello. No. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Nice to hear. Listen. First time call. Bad phone. You sound. You sound worse than the clearance in that spot. He just did. I just wanted to tell you. I'm on the bat. I think listen to the. There he goes. Watt and back. Round. Right. On the last six days. Uh huh. And I'm in the upper toe. And unfortunately, as of the last week, you totally disappear. And there. That's it. I don't know. It's a thing. That there is a number. I don't know. It's a lot. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That's it. Unfortunately, um. You know, now the bat found music. In a jet. And you hear 30 to 40 seconds of that year bond. That's what he said. And he said, well, I'm going to come back. Huh. And you know, that like, you know, you know, you, um, first of all. When you say, when you say any idea, where would I get the idea from? The only way I get it. And I got to cut your off because your phone blows. Uh, is if somebody would talk to us about that. And so far, they're like in total denial. It's like, oh, they haven't even discovered that. Even though we get Zidians of calls, people complaining bitterly, practically in tears. I would have fact that they would love to hear the station. But they just can't hear it very well. We've got this loud loud Hispanic interference in the background, which is either maybe Castro pumped up on his, uh, AM giants with about two million watts or maybe cheap channels like sabotaging, because we're about to leave nine cheap channel station left on the AM dial. So, uh, they got to, you know, do something to wipe this out. Because they sure can't do it with the lane programming they put on. And anyway, uh, I have no idea. We just, we just keep doing the best we can under almost impossible circumstances, Pral. So that's it. So I can do it. How many Q AM? Hello. Gentlemen. Thank you. I'm back to you. I'm happy to know about you. I've got some broken bandrath there or hashcroft. Sir, choice. I don't understand any of them. Why would you say they're a sellout? Well, you know, I don't think so. I don't think so. I think so. His, he is what he is. He's a right wing fanatic nut job. But exactly, he, uh, pretty much, uh, back down on President Bush. What do you mean by that? No. Nice drive, pal. But the answer is, What does that mean? Oh, Santa says Jim, but John Kerry, that is a good one. I never really thought about it in those terms, but that is, I would say. Absolutely correct. Very good. So about. Yep. Yeah. Nice going Jim. If we let him off, we should all been lined up in the shot. I think that is what happened soon, by the way. Five six. Five six. About 0.5 60. Town five 60 out of Verizon and SIG at a whereas on, I don't think the other guy understood. I mean, how is Dan rather a sellout? So he's liberal and, you know, and CBS put his feet to the floor and he said, by the way, you were fired into it. One would say that way, take early retirement. Tom broke off out. Why? Maybe he's thinking top out. Well, we're not talking about that sellout. Sellout. Another word, somebody who's supposedly stood on some kind of principle, whatever it was, and then kind of like meeting mouth is way like, uh, whatever. And just through in the towel. Like towel rhymes with towel and pretty foul. If he asked me. Cool and pals lead. Oh, if I look at that, we got a dead foot in time. Love a cool and pal and John McCain each have. I'm 30 minutes. That is not, that's going to be a very tough race. I'm glad to see that our audience is sharp enough to realize that John McCain is a total phony who talks to a good game about campaign finance reform and about baseball and steroids and all this other crap. But in the bottom line, this is so about to bush who tracks him and his life and his whole family in 2000. I mean, in the primaries, just trash him on a visual personal level. I mean, just unbelievably. They said it means that Dup the daughter was a love child from an affair. Right. And he didn't even bother coming back with the real story about Bush and his love child and the abortion. What did we know? Well, I made it okay. The made a kosher then. That's what the priest always said. By the way, I noticed there's still in their thing up again. But this is a pre-scan little bit. That'll last a couple of weeks. That'll go away again. What a six sick thing that can't let church to the sickest and the most corrupt institution on the face of the globe. It makes them. Matthew looked like everywhere. Of course, there is a little cross over. It makes them. Matthew looked like a bunch of voice cows. The little cross. Okay. These company on a company on yours. Happy related birthday, George. 12, 6. On that side of the church is birthday four days ago. I was a bit offended, but I thought it was very nice. And I want to say happy birthday back to her. The nice book. Oh, Cuban lady. Well, that's all right. You're already got your birthday gift for me. That's all matters. And you might be getting another one too. If we ever get the answer. I'm not quite sure. But I've done it. We share the same birthday says this lady. The Cuban girl, Cuban Bokie girl. And when I lived in Bokie, you and I chatted a few times. She says, and I was this getting personal. Oh, that's what I became of itself. You didn't do her? No. I'm not with an insuric use. And still of the show by the internet, Miss My Soft Florida teams in a course family and friends, you were along with the, you'll make my cold, dreary days. You're in central New York a little bit brighter. It is a cold, dreary day here as matter. In fact, as I'm looking out the window, it's gay. I mean, gray. Very gray. And it's also now the Canada says, OK, to gay marriages. The Supreme Court. Thanks to both of you, you may have a fantastic new year. Love Cuban, that Bokie girl. P.S. I'm dying of a yes. Probably higher register. Well, that's cute. That's sweet. We got some nice stuff here today, which is a pleasant change for a joint. Two amd tonight at seven live broadcasts with a big old bongo is located at Triple A. At the Triple A, it's a Mickey Urus in a Renoir. He and your mayor, Alex Penga, whoops. Now it's just stuff myself. Oh, no. Amist Pini Picanius. And Mickey Urus and slipped the Mickey to the voters in date. Can anyway end at the QMQ. These will be there at the Hooters in Bayside. Stop our perspectives on President Day beer to watch the heat gain. That's at seven night bongo's in the Hooters with the big, such as he is. And then look for the QM van of our two to four at the World Ford in Kendall. I sure hope that that's not a competitive opportunity. Our good friends at Armstrong Ford and homestead is because that would make me very angry. From 2 to 4 tomorrow at, uh, Located at 15551 South-Tixie Highway, stop by for free food, Grants and prizes too. You are listening to Neil Rodgers, who's in late on five six. Oh, no, no. Hey. Then show how manure covers over this performance by the dolphin. Oh, right. Oh, no, no, no, no. There's a job in the way out. Working on any good friend and voice, Rough and never less than who are in the opinion. Oh, it's cold and cold, cold, cold, cold, cold, cold, and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's cold and it's raining. Oh, it's raining, it's 1, with a child. Boy, youCloud has left spectacularorld. Oh, there's aแล głos. I had a great full idea for Monday. I usually don't do this because there's something about over the weekend. There's so many people who belong on this list. Who has their job? All the because of their physical appearance. So the reason I was thinking about this is last night, they got some stupid new teen goofball movie with Ashton Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi. He's running around like naked in the home of week. He can't say he's looking at the knee more. That's about it. I guess you can do that. But allegedly. But there's another one. Right? And then of course our good friend, our good close personal friend, Brittany, and Rikai and Brittany. Right? Don't just get a great full idea. Always endless. We have that on Monday. I have no. We have never done that before. What the celebrity? And that's the word celebrity is popular only because of their physical appearance. Now there was, if they didn't look good, they wouldn't be making a nickel. They would have like two nickels, Steve nickel, or rubber together. It's funny when he used to like a, like a, like a, a praying mattress. What are those things? Like a cricket? Yeah. Yeah. He used to like sit up there in the dark in that orifice. You know, rubbing his legs to give his luck at cricket. So, here it is for our poll today. It says former mayor Alex, uh, peepy pecania. I don't know how else to say. Even put it on anyway. You won't forget about as much as I can get away with because otherwise, joyous gets really upset if you go beyond peepy. Oh, and NHL, we got how many people care about that? Oh, third man. That little weasel Jerry Benton on TV at 630 last night. He is such he isn't idiot man. I just remember, I stay, I've always said it. He's that he's the problem. He is got to go. A shocking deal. They have to say the NHL players associations stun the league and even its members, with its latest effort to save the hockey season. I've actually got these excited about it. When he only has walked away yesterday after the first bargaining session three months day, a 236 page document to go through and offer a 24% rollback of all salaries to consider a 24% rollback that we're shocking for me to hear. It's a Dallas-Torrid Bill here. I remember the executive board. That's a lot of money out of a guy's pocket to begin. We have two bad bill. You can handle it. Talk about overpaid. There's another one. But like this September 9th bargaining session, it triggered the lock out a week later. The new offer doesn't provide that cost certainty that Commissioner Gary Benton is seeking for the 30 NHL club. That's third man. Some of whom I guarantee are going out of business. I don't want to mention any particular guilty. He noted that one aspect presumably the rollback was significant, but he still isn't in favor of a luxury tax system that players prefer over a salary cap. A cap is an option that you can say it will never, ever, never accept. So that's the latest in the low-fronishing. Gary Benton is already peeing on it. They're meeting game in Toronto on Tuesday. Up to Street, down to Street, Central. I'll take a peek at it. I'd like that pull idea for a Monday. Great. We've never done that before. 560560, pound-560, univerrisen and sing it a wireless line. My line is on fire here. QAN hello. Okay, pal. I'm going to give you a report on the grassers or want to see them when they're at the same time. They're awesome. They're going to be on TBS and March of 2005. They were filming and while I was there. They are done in my man. One of my favorites. There you go. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, I'm not there raising that place. About what? About the ranges they have when I see a buddy. Yeah, those ranges have a lot of the game, man. They're dynamite. I think they have lots. They have plenty of people. They have plenty of stuff. Cool. It's a nice little runway. It's not a little runway yet. It wasn't a perfect. It was close. But not perfect. We got to work on it. It was a little more of a step down. One of those flyways is like some of those screamers every now and then. Yeah, let's always. That's always a good tip. By the way, if you're somebody talking to like like that, that means they're gay. In fact, it really means that they're gay. Anyway, let's see, what's this you just facts. Frank and Melbourne who's also a chronic fracture says that your army issue bit rummied and bit were rummied in the butt. But the neocons, the neonossies are trying to spin it into a good thing because W. Had a response and didn't choke on a press. That's right. So it must have been okay. The point here is the troops don't have the equipment they need and haven't had for over a year. The neostradic claim that all the armor available is out and over there and use. But the armor company say they're not a full capacity. I just got to read that story this morning, Frank. Jesus Christ Almighty Motors. Some of these remind the idiots that he's commanded and chief that they're going to be out of the idea. Yeah, Frank, it's not a very good fact today because it's started to show with that. Tonight, I started writing a lot of what that's true about rummied and the latest and the pentagon isn't there. They're busy figuring out how many they want. The manufacturers says, oh, we can make all you want. We totally that for like months now. Wow, we're working on it. Well, rummied so that they're lying and lying through his teeth of those soldiers whose lives are in jeopardy. Even out of Strabac as in there. And tell you kids, one thing right now, okay, there are people who cheat people who steal people who are screw around on their wives and husbands and their girlfriends. There is nothing in the world worse than a liar. Okay, just remember I told you that all your kids out there, like Don Sherry would say, all you kids just remember there is nothing in the world worse than a lie. I'm not talking about little white lies. So you know, harmless everybody does that. I'm talking about a liar like Don a rummied felt who is jeopardizing the lives of people through his lies. He's a crazy person. He's certifiable. In fact, we ought to hire him a QA and make you up like that all day long. Wouldn't that be great? Just leave this nail his ass up on the wall and every time you walk by, just smack him and head and go. What a fool like that. Oh, I feel like I remember, that's right. And put it and hang his ass right next to him because in spite of that offer by the players, you know, I don't think the, I'm not gonna say, we'll see what happens on Tuesday. Okay? Well, you're gonna miss all the good stuff next week. Yeah, Jay, especially that pool. I better write that down because you know me, I got this Alzheimer's real Ben. People's choice award nominates Fahrenheit 9, 11 is favorite film of the year, where it's Michael Moore. Ah! Not that it's a self-serving article here, Mike, but that's okay. Dear friends, I take a break from our post-election to spirit to share with you a little piece of happy slice silly slice cool news. Thuronite 9, 11 has been nominated by the People's Choice Awards as the American public's favorite film of the year. And I would certainly, wholeheartedly agree with that, haven't seen four times now. The five nominees were chosen from a pool of thousands of Americans in mid-delay November. The other nominees for Best Film are Spider-Man 2, The Incredibles. A turtle sunshine of the smallest mind would Jim Carrey and Dreck a Shrek 2. It is the first time ever a documentaries been nominated for Best Film by People's Choice Awards. The People's Choice Awards are considered among all awards to be the one, which most accurately reflects the mainstream public opinion in the USA. How do you like that? I do know. Do now. And it says, OK, Michael Morse, here's the best part. You get to vote online. Now just go here, click here. It's on our website so you can click it. Like it, click it. Click here. Click on the little circle nice to fair 9-9-11 in the favor movie category. We're impressed to vote button. Boding is going on now. And continues only through this coming Monday, December 13th, 3pm. So send an email to your friends, both of them, they can vote too. Winners will accept their awards live on CBS January 9. Normally, I would make a very big deal out of something like this. It says it's nice and I'm honored, but it's not exactly the number one priority on any of our minds these days. In fact, when we found out about what we were nominated over week, go ahead and even think to tell you about it or put it up on our website. Well, get where that mic. But then a group of top Republicans took out a full page yet in USA today and placed a similar one in the Hollywood trademark magazine variety, proclaiming that an election is over but a war of ideas continues. The point of the end was to say that while they is right when conservatives were proud of getting rid of Kerry, there was still one more nuisance running around loose to hand it deal with me. They also wish it did not so settle to the Academy Award voters that in essence said they don't even think about nominating 391 for best picture. And Bill Arroyley recently bellowed that if the askers recognized my work this year, middle America will boycott Hollywood. I guess I said yes. Sure. It says, oops, I guess he spoke too soon because now along comes middle America's favorite war show, the people's choice. And the people's choice is zero long with a spider-man superhero and leveled green over is a film that apparently continues to resonate throughout the country. The truth about Iraq, boished terror and fear. The election has an alternative made irrelevant, unfortunately a single one of these issues. That day in the film that dealt with these issues are still in the forefront of the majority of the public's minds who give serious pause to Mr. Bush as he brags about an unresistive mandate and begins to spend his so-called political capital. It may have been barely the people's choice on November 2nd and Ohio Reconyx excluded, but now the people get to vote again this time for a movie. It's about the best we can do right now and trust me won't be long before we start to real work we need to do to get our country back. Again go to PCAvo.com. It's got the link on here in the store which is on our website. If you want to vote for our film I promise if we win the given ice and polite speech. Don't give an ice and polite speech. Let him have it. My ripperman ass. Tell him like it is. The fact that he was booed when he did that at the Oscar. That was so outrageous man. I was seeing what it was. It was American. It was the American, and that's what that was. It gives up there. He's got the balls of cones to tell the truth to him. It's a nice, funny, illegal word that Bush has got us involved in. And they're booed. We'll get out this day. Yeah like that. All these phones. There's another bunch man. Some of them people in Hollywood talk about cell outs. They got to hone the size of babies. If they have any. 560, 560, pound 560 and a Verizon and Singular Ribles line. WQA and hello. Hey no. Yes sir. By the chance of Hank Goldberg, one of the QAM duties. Yeah he's going to be there with his compounds right? And George W. Next to him and Trent Lodd. Somebody QAM hello. Yes sir. Hi got done for your poll. Okay. How about Dick Morris? Dick Morris is excellent. He was Clinton's man. And now all of a sudden he's right wing off the way. And he's in Kremlin. Every time he comes to everything he's seeing on the air. He is just crashing. Yeah. Trashing. He's been his ridiculous. He's a nice, excellent one. Fabulous choice, pal. Oh, my friend. Hey. Anything. He's going to use the bottle. Hi. I don't know. They're working on it. You know, I'm on my satellite. I'm on my cable ride. I do do do cable like the satellite. Network of affiliates. Yeah. They're still counting by hand. Now they just started a couple of days ago. The votes for Governor in state of Washington. I think that if something comes out of Washington. There we see. All the all he has changed is really going to focus on. I'm not even though it's a big difference on the margins. But you know, if they did something in Washington, they really did something in Ohio. Yeah. I got him. I have a chance. They're counting on it. Okay. Dick Morris, you got that. What a what an absolute. That would be like James Carville come on on the bar and start in a phrase bush. You know, didn't make any sense. Here was what a Clinton want to Bubba's right handman. And of course, during the impeachment, that's when he started turning on Clinton. And he didn't waste any time. He was, you know, he stuck his finger off the window and when you see which way to win was blown. And when he started blowing in the wrong way, like hop chip. Then he should win this thing. Dick Morris. You want to see him to the middle. Roger. If he's going to move in the light. I want to see him. This Dick Jamie. I like the relaxed vibe. It's very magical. And we're sorry my balls. I listening to the melodious welcome on our. Okay. Okay. About Pamera Scott. What a cycle path. And it's over in time. Scott's gonna go away to prison. And we just left. He never took a decision. Something else can't be. We're the scrawl fair in it. Scott got everything. And just a couple of months. Scott said, hey, Amber. Let's go buy Christmas trees. And this little bit later on, I'll go on a two-length street. Let's go take a look. Oh yeah. I'm very new. But first I have this little thing. I'm going to do this. Oh yeah. We'll be in place. To this I get over my palm of sight all free. And I'm going to be the big. And it's about Amber and Scott. Two-length kids will never charge like that. Probably that's five, six. Amber is there right now. A couple of names on his pool for Monday. I never do this. But what's in the past in the future? But you're a good girl. Kuchiku. Kuchiku. He's doing the me more and you're not. So there you go. I would have. Okay. For today's poll. Here's a very, very good one. Excellent job. And quite a fancy thanks. George Lucas. And you are. Absolutely correct. So there ain't no intrigue. No characters. No dialogue. Blanned crap. I'm going to say I'm going to be a good one. So you're going to be a good one. Alright. I told you there's so many cell outs and so little time. Fine. I was speaking of cell out. What a great segue. Marlon's an initiator talks with us. Vegas on a possible move. Can you imagine that? What are we going to do then? No, I do. What are you going to do? Josh? Would not be able to work with Dave and Boer again, the booster all that time. That's not going to happen. What do you mean by that? Not moving. Are you sure? How do you know that? You know. Got my sources. He's got his sources right. So I have recordings to desse. What do you guys want to do? You want to hear through to the service? Mayor. Court for Xbox. Rice for safety. God willing, and I wish it wasanne da. You need to keep moving. And then I can add off for these scenes. I want to add onto these scenes. And here's where Sam guy goes. All right. Don't even kill him. But, really? That is what I must do, Bill. And want to talk to timbre. I feel strange that Michael Johnson is about to do. 그래요. Lil. That kind of thing. I'm this man. I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it. Okay, baldy. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this for so right, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Marlon's Vice Chairman Joel Mail and Vice President Kim McKayson's broadcast to P.J. Loyalty. Matt Woodloss Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman and City Councilman Larry Brown on Wednesday. And what was characterized as an initial get together to know each other meeting. Marlon's owner, Jeffrey Loria wants to continue building a competitive team in South Florida. But most consider alternative as well as stadium deal said Bruce Rubin, a Schkooksman for Loria. Jeffrey's committed to Miami Rubin set up the same time. It's appropriate for Jeffrey and Joel Mail to examine all their options and let us something that's taking much, much longer than anybody anticipated. Rubin was elected to his existence. The meeting was a signal of team as ending talks for 38,000 seats. $420 million of retractable roof stadium east of the Orangeville. It means what it means he said Las Vegas wants to baseball team. The Marlon's or baseball team. It just makes sense for the two people I have a meeting and say hello. And we haven't said that, is it? Hello. Hello. Hello. There you go. Josh. Hello. What a jackass. Officials said relocation was off limits during the 90 minute meeting. Brown said he arranged with the Marlon's and the Marlon's. And not requested permission to be located. So it made you really baseball president Bob DePuy. The last day is was an answer. I'm sorry. I just don't see it. Do you? No. How is Las Vegas going to support baseball? There's a minute permanent population in Buffalo. Buffalo can't support a major league baseball team. They have no NBA team. They just, the bills blow. But how is Vegas going to support first of all? You're going to say, well, I got all those tourists going to. They tourists don't go to a place like Vegas to go to a baseball game. If you put that sports book team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I'm not sure if you can get a chance to go to the baseball team. I have to be real careful on that. Oh, speaking to be real careful. Talk show host, TV Talk Show is very springy. You're favorite. Send a few or three hour weekday radio Talk Show in January and Cincinnati. All brother. A liberal Talk Show in Cincinnati. That's like Hall of Art and horse pull. I don't get it. I'm not going to see the fights on the radio. That's like how many grits in Manhattan. I just don't get it. That's like White Heights in Pioria. The former Cincinnati mayor and TV anchor will launch a nine-amed in noon. Call and show on WSAI Cincinnati. Dick Pertn used to be on WSAI. You know that? No. No, long time ago. 100 years ago. When the players tell us, it's like, you went to a hunt. I have the window open because it's heated so just unbearable. The start of official heat. So I crack the window and they're like, oh, all kinds of stuff going on. When the clear channel station switches from oldies, music, the liberal talk. That's probably just the NHL parade up and on the street. Hey, Gary, how you doing? Get a no job. He wants to syndicate to show naturally from Cincinnati's premier said. There's currently an opportunity for new voices to be heard around the country said for New 60, yesterday. There's so much going on in the world that day and to be part of that dialogue will be fun, he said. Talk about another overblown ego. Jesus, guys, is everywhere. Darrell Park, South Asian director for Clear Channel's 4 AM stations in Cincinnati. He said the station had been negotiating with a former politician for months. The one year radio commitment will not affect his TV show, taped in Chicago. We said, he'll do the radio show Monday through Wednesday from a Chicago station before taping his TV shows and broadcast through the entire channel studios in Kenwood. And it goes on. And it goes on. He did this. He did that. Taped up above. There goes your icebreaker and you go the size of the Mount Rushmore. But at least he's making a big bucks, right? Yes. All of that pull support for President Bush on Iraq now. Approved 48% disapproved 50%. But up a little bit from a June up in the last six months. Because things are going so well. On the illegal ride. Because we don't have all that death in the struggle. Because Felugia's safe, even though all the dogs are having a rabid revising, they can't go back in their do anything. Because the place is just a bloodbath in the nightmare. But other than that, and the hospitals are all bombed out and people are dying over there. But other than that, okay, let's take a whole bunch of calls like I said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 under Verizon, singular wireless line. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sure George will agree with me. What about tree park or meth phone? The guy has to create a deaf part. What are you big about? Light. Well, it seems like this has to be the first thing. For me, it's not really good. And... That means they sold out? You've been heard. I mean Hollywood. Huh? Running out of material? Me neither. Well, I just wanted out there, so go right down the auto. Oh, no. Oh, no. I don't want to. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Let us dry your picture. How's that? I don't even know if there's any of those drop-ins anymore that we can play, you know? Yeah. I'm not going to do that. Yeah, we can play that. Sure, that's a safe. Uh, and I can't play that one. Okay, definitely can't play that. We can play that. Go to good and good. Yeah. I can't play that. We can play. Yeah. Can't play that. Certainly can't. Oh, we can play. Great. We just go right now with all the infructions in bidding floor to know that the I can eat and dollar over there. Oh, yeah. But I'm sure they are all over. And that's right. Now that that loony is a way up there, man. He merking dollar dropping like a stone man, like a gigantic boulder off the top of the Empire State Building. WQA, and hello. QAM. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Yes, sir. Great. Since he's. If you don't mind, I have a question about God's father too and an observation also about the movie. Oh, yeah. Yeah. In the father too, after Michael has that they have that machine done attack on his bedroom, and his wife K is in the bed, and, you know, where his children come and play with his boys. Right. He goes to Tom Hague, and then he says, Tom, you're going to be the new dog. You're going to be in charge of family and everything. And then you don't hear anything else about that. What is that all about? You're going to be the new dog? Yeah. I don't even remember when Michael goes to Tom Hague, and he says, you're going to be the dog. You're going to be in charge? No. Do you remember that? I don't remember that. Wow. Maybe it was, uh, he was going to put it in charge temporarily while he's got his family to hell out of there. Yeah. Yeah. That was right after the machine gun attack. I'm going to have to rewatch that now. There's another excuse. No. They're going to be able to reach the watch it again 40, 50 times. Okay. My observation is he noticed in, in Godfather 2, uh, this Michael has a problem pronouncing his ours. When he says, Rocko, it comes out, Rocko. Yeah. And when he says, the rep will be says, well, like, I'll be fine. But don't forget, he got that broken jaw from a clusque and everything. His shit, even though he's, you know, finally healed, but, uh, it, uh, it, uh, affected his speech. Okay. That may be, uh, reasons for that. Thank you. Never got a fact right again until I've been very blown rise. Yeah. Anyway, I think your fans have to do the greatest thing on radio and not saying, well, I've had a great day. They should have found out how they have a great weekend in the written holiday. And last week, I took a picture. I don't remember that. I thought I was going to be a big, with the number of 20 cents. You're out of time. They get the wrong. You're out. Oh, man. The small, the small tearing is just dripping from this to the fantastic girl. And, uh, and it goes on forever, something, and I've played. 560, 560, 560, 560, and Verizon, Singular Wireless Line Jim Manich, had bruiser room at two in Margin. The Humper Henry Al Goldberg at four, who is going to have his pompoms in the whole deal with them. The big ol at Bongo is seven to ten to big. Oh, it's a kid ten o'clock. That's our pristine line. Because we got no panther games for you. There's a right no panther games, but a thing yesterday looked a little on the promising side, little bit. But, I never know what a Gary Bettman in those owners are on the other side. They're meeting again Tuesday and who knows. Who knows what evil lurks? I hate Gary Bettman. He wants the most detectable subhuman pieces of crap that ever came down to fight. Gary Bettman. I said, like, he's a walking ad for anti-Semitism. He's just obnoxious and disgusting. It's performance last night was so outrageous. You know, just very grudgingly saying, well, you know, they did make an offer. 24% across the board's salary reduction. Honey, like that, I bet you even Josh Cortis don't want to give up 25% of what he's making. Don't think it down to three bucks an hour. Providence passed no in at five, 60 WQM, the holiday season is here and our good friends at Armstrong for the homestead one, thank all their loyal customers for their business and trust. Everybody knows that Ford makes great vehicles to be competitive. Armstrong Ford realizes they need to offer you folks more value. So Armstrong was the first Ford dealer to offer tires and batteries for life. Plus, a Florida sun pass with each vehicle purchase. Vice President and General Manager David Richen again, also want me to remind you that Armstrong Ford always has very competitive prices. For example, right now, you can drive away in the new 2005, F150 from just 13,938 or a new expedition from the 24,190. Great prices had it value in friendly service. That's the Armstrong of the homestead difference. When you're ready for a new vehicle, come to the needle and that treats you just like family. Armstrong Ford homestead and you find him at Southwest 307 Street in US 1, exit the Campbell Drive off the turnpipe. Price is included all factory remains in this house with a pro credit plus tax tag in fees. Armstrong Ford homestead was you and yours a happy sensational holiday season. Like I said, I happy. All look what I did. Oh, you changed it to the audition run. How did you know that? It's the grandfather that looks good. Look, it didn't. Hey, listen. Freedom and safe cheese. We all need love to make a show. We all need love for love. The more it's in the better places. Oh, break your legs and break your arms. Hey, tell it. Go back on the road. All the dogs in the street. No more pets being our dogs. Oh, no, you must be. No more pets being my dog. I'm dying out of here. Pink Floyd wants somebody else. Kids anyway, they want somebody so they can go away to the wall. So they can come to the walls. Yeah, yeah. How many years later was it now? About 30 minutes. A little bit later, if you ask me. 1218 at 560 WCM, we've heard the story. I had yesterday about the guy at Comberland Farms who smooths the sandwich in the guys face. The counter because he didn't the microwave. Houston road rage. Try restaurant rage. This seems to be an epidemic. One thing about America when some jack ball does some idiotic thing. Then a whole bunch of people say, hey, that's a good idea. Let me try a 34 year old man apparently angry that his $6 stick in cheese sandwich was too cold. Was arrested on a charge of threatening the killer restaurant manager Wednesday. Police said the manager offered to reheat Delvin being Nelson sandwicher. Make him a new one when he complained. The third is led to instead demanded a refund. Through the sandwich at the manager and then threatened to kill her and blow up the restaurant. Yeah, I think he's got a point. Nelson, a Houston public works in play has been relieved of his duties. Pending the outcome of the investigation, he remained in custody yesterday. Wow, how do you like that? I tell you, your stick in cheese is like too cold. It gets like the cheese gets like mung. You know, the stick in cheese is like melted in like a real. You know, otherwise, if it gets like congealed. You know what I mean? It's like glue for the meat then. Right right. It's called gil. Oh, it's like it's been sitting around like in a refrigerator for about a week. And just then stuck in a freezer for half an hour. So like frozen like a, what do you call it? Popsicle. Ha ha ha ha ha. Like a pothical. Five, how's that pole coming? I'm not talking too much about the pole because they're at my mind and they're one for Monday already. I'm going to weigh him myself. Who is the biggest sell-off? That's our pole question today. We got 260 vote. John McCain. We got our great paddle going on here and I would agree with the audience. It is very, very tough there and neck and neck side by each. As Frank Sleib would say. John McCain's 70, colon policy 67, Dennis Miller 32, despise him. Phil Henry 31, Phil Henry Boy, how the mighty a fallen. Are you sure? Mm-hmm. Positive. John Kerry 15, Rudy Giuliani 13, Zell Miller 9, good old boy. Alex, uh, eight. Alex, uh, Picania. There you go. Rick Riley 5, Steve 10 forward. That's the double as audience. Mark McGrath, where to see. I didn't realize Mark McGrath is sugar ray. I mean, that's the name of the group. That's him. Right. Yeah. See, I try to get that out of my mind. I know exactly what that is. And I remember seeing that picture on Rolling Stone when they shot him through 85 layers of Vaseline, I thought, well, he don't look too bad. And then I realize he is growth test. He's one of the mud-wump country kind of people. Yeah, but that was a hot rock thing. Oh, man. He's got Zitz. In fact, Wayne Heizinger could put his entire head inside one of them. Zitz and he's got. Oh, geez. Mark McGrath's got three. Seven. Dick Morris is only got two George Lucas one. Dick Morris should be doing much better than that. He just don't know who that is. I thought you people were politically savvy. I thought you read all those bedtime stories and put on their forehead. I thought you wanted to know. I didn't see how the election is over. They just threw in the town they gave up. How could you not know who Dick Morris is? He's on 85,000 times a week there. Peddling is propaganda. He's right wing crap. Oh, you're like this, Dury. Police. I'm sorry. Poor thing. Police. Poor thing. Well, we haven't heard from him yet today. But I'm sure we will. Yes, we will. Poor thing Lucy Wilman strangles neighbors. Rothweiler, police say. I mean, it was in here somewhere. I just think I've a little head start. Police are investigating Wilman who strangled the neighbors. Rothweiler after an attack to Yorkshire, Terrier. This is in poor thing. Lucy. Shortly after five and a half known Wednesday, 130 pound. Rothweiler 130, man. It's heavy duty. Dick Dougs. Name rocks. R.O.X. Bull did pass no to Rebecca Hartley and grab candy. A Yorkie owned by Robin Bush in her mouth in the 2,900 block of southwest Ventura Street. In 14 loosely. Bush said she was in a kitchen talking on the full $1 son Jacob 10 took candy who weighs about eight pounds and her Chihuahua outside. Oh, she's in a little tiny dorg. I heard my son screaming and heard her cry from my Yorkie. She said it was a god awful screech. A crudgahotley statement to police. Bush threw a beer bottle at Roths and chased and kicked a dog. Bush is son then took the Yorkie inside. Bush then allegedly grabbed the Rauwala's collar and began choking the animal screaming she would have killed at the� on Monday for fourth states tedious try the animal in afflicting clues C leave it down. Dissupplies said it was 당 aba when the year timer was dropping Sarfine Kenny. One year old. said her actions were justified. Sure, it's a fair fight. I think so. That's right. The dog was his biggest me. It seemed bush said I was afraid to let go of this dog because I thought it was going to hurt me. Nobody was helping me. I was trying to defend my animal, my child, and my cell, she said I didn't intentionally kill this dog. It was an accident. Rock on it. I mean, rock solid. Priced a few as a review in Animal Cruly, War and Application, and turned him by the Jewish War and for Bush's arrest and office, a Robert W. A Robert Vega, police spokesman, there's always two sons of every story. The officer felt this should be written up in forward. They stated, turn yourself as a victim of the sin. He said, hardly said, rock wilders got a bad rap as being forrocious, describing your dog. He's very friendly. They just sometimes get a little up heo. They don't like little dogs. It looks like little old Furba. Like little toys. I remember all the times I would bring home like those little stuff. Animals, you know, my mother would always buy for my dogs. And it's right. I think it would, and especially the little one. Tiny would, you know, just grabbing around all around. Like he was auditioning to work at QOM. Like that. You think that out of instinct if someone were choking you, you'd resist it, hardly. Life for long, poor San Luisly, resin. Rockston resisted all. And it was a suicide. There you go. Rockston resisted all. She just sat there, calmly, and felt him a much plain water. Bush's landing the dogs head against the wall. Probably. She did. I could have been united. I'm not a cruel person. She said, noting she tried to be five rocks. I feel a little hard to link my dog and myself for the victims. Hardly said, Bush had a severe overreact and witnessed old police. That Bush was slipping out. Well, we know Bush looked out long time ago. As for candy and animal control supervisors, they said that dog had three small marks on her belly. Didn't even puncture the skin. Bush said candy is traumatized and not moving well. You can hardly pick her up. She just left out the terrible cry, Bush said. Eric Bush, 34, Robin's husband said candy was written more than once. And we were in under a veteran observational possible internal injuries. They said it could be fatal, he said. Partly said, the incident left her kind of numb. On the one hand, I went and refused to be camping the dog back. She said, well, I'll give another dog. You know, right, I mean, it would have been like if some big dog attacked tiny once upon a time. I would have really been upset. Huh? Would it spangled it? No. I don't know what to say. You go boy. I mean, that's terrible. That is so bad. You're supposed to be a dog. Well, I am, but sometimes they think that I knew nerves a little bit. How is that TV doing? We're going to be a raise money for our band of pair rescue this year. I guess when all the dust appears when the smoke appears, we've always talked to me all about it. Yeah, we're supposed to say he'll say in S.B. I'm still a course. No. You're listening to real Roger. I'm going to be a school student in the car. On 566. A Q A M. Why do I use breast? Can you just lie in the prison? Oh, I lied. Oh, I lied. Oh, I lied. Oh, I lied. Oh, I lied. Can you just lie in the prison? Oh, I lied. Where do you remember when the picture is trash? Well, when back, back, back, back, back, back. Well, when the people who closed their heads, they'd never closed down. Oh, I lied. I'm getting scared of my family. Oh, God. I'm just shooting clouds and rhythm all their world. Oh, man. I'm just shooting with my family. You. Whoa, man. Man, man. Of course, you're not there to shoot. How are we going to be? To start the fun to meet. I'll pay you one little guy and my two parents or police. Oh, God. We've been a little closer than the old bus here tomorrow, which is so nice. And when I hear someone, we're going to stay strong. They get into the mountains and they say they're so wet. So far, far again, I'm going to stand for a race with the snow. Oh, we love this. They think they're having to pay the snow. They don't want to get there. They don't want to get there. They don't want to get there. We put the fun and fun of that. They throw a race together to forgive you. We rejoice so much for the appointed you. So we don't down the river of five of the storm. And the storm has been never with my hand. Oh, oh, Jesus Christ. Christ is called. Christ is called. And the hell you die. Oh, Jesus, man. Christ is called. They think the friends of the Holy Spirit. God have played for the time. Man, we have been two hosts. And we can't separate them. They're tied at the hip. Co and powerful. And John McCain, 79 of peace. Did you believe that? 79 of peace. Ty, did even. So hang me 37 is in the third. Dennis Miller, 36 is Ryan Phil's ass. John Kerry, 16. Rudy Giuliani, 13. Alex, your former mayor, 11. Zell Miller, 9. Rick Riley, 6. Dick Morris, 5. Mark McGrath, 5. From a sugar rate. Steve came for it. That's it. That's his audience. And George Lucas got a pair. That's a bad news for our new James Brown fan out there. Do you think there are any James Brown fans? Oh, not in this crowd. Well, maybe one day I got it. James Brown, the guy to file the resoul and the legend in rap rock and funk has announced that he's got prostate cancer. They'll be paying right then and no thing could be. In a statement released to the AP this morning Brown 71 said that it'll undergo surgery for the surgery for the Amantiescember 15 which was today at the 10th. Sounds like next Wednesday. I've overcome a lot of things in my life. I'll overcome this as well Brown said Brown vests no for a seminal hits like I feel good. If you ever heard the any can't find showman, it plays out how many times an eye. Hey, Warren over and over and down and then I feel good. Added it at I feel good. Wow, love any a lot of man. Next song. Please please please and cool switch. Also is a diabetic. Oh boy, that's bad. That's a bad combination. B.B.S. and a colon cancer. What is he got? A prostate cancer. Dubbed the hardest working man in children. I thought that Tom Joyner was the hardest man in working man in Children of radio show business. No. Does that what he says? Oh, that is working man. In something business. Are you auditioning for the Al Frankenstein on the side of his Extension? If you're playing with his cat and lamb. Dubbed the hardest working man in show business. Brown just finished at two weekend. He had the interior on Thursday night. Gee, I wish I didn't know he was here. I had a gone scene and not. He's expected to spend three weeks recovering from the prostate cancer procedure. Earlier this year he faced other troubles and he was charged with domestic abuse after an obitcation with his wife. The allegations was resolved when he failed to convince the charge. Brown is due to release an autobiography next month. That should be spicy. He said, going into project with a stool of appearances. He still finds a tour of Asian Australia. Really nice to you. He is really. What a good luck. What he feels good. He feels good. Oh boy. Gee, I sure hope we don't have that song running where they've honest to get. I'm going to ask you this question. And you also might mention today it's like Friday at 12 30 now. I still don't have anything from premier that this get on. I'll make sure again. Did you mention it this morning? Yes. You mentioned it again. And again. And again. See FedEx works like it really works. I want to say this one more time. The HL sucks. FedEx works. But I really need to ask you because I know we're not the only station that does it on the sports shows. That every time they do a regional and after a commercial break and they come back and they've got to play music. Which kills a lot of time. I mean, especially on a station. It's got 85 minutes breaks like we do. Why do we do that? Yeah. Why do we always like, I mean, is that you know? It's cool. I was not. I was not. I'm using it. No. I'm using it. Most of it is like from the 60s. It's more time. I'm using it. I'm most of it. We've reflected the taste of it. I'm not. I'm not. No, it's not. If we're having 25 to listen to me. If we're looking for a 25 to 54 male demographic or even say 80. 49, stuff from the 60s is 45 years old now. Carol, at least 40 years old who are you to question their programming decision? What? I'm just I just always find it bizarre that you know, when you're really pressed for time and the people are tuning into hear the host and not just the 75 and a commercial break. A lot of corn your old James Brown music. I want to hear the post, man. I want to hear the people. I want to hear the people. I want to hear the people. I want to say the host starts talking with the music in the background like he's a DJ. Right. Haven. I can't stand that. But then again, listen anyway. 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 and a Verizon and sing it a while. And I get to hear the pre delay. I wonder if Joyce knows that I can listen. I hear the pre delay. I'm sorry. I got. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got up. Got your pole. Okay. Ricky, take you William. We're a rookie, William. I'm a soldier and down to river. I'm a soldier. It's all team. Okay, pal. Thanks. Ricky, William, sold the dolphins right down to where I see Dave Wants. That's going to be doing a game that nobody's going to be watching. The Cardinals and who is it? And the ran something like that? Some coursecraft game. That's going to be watched by half a 1% of the country. They want that Iran TV is just beginning. The other one said he was over because he was on a fight. Why, why do they always do that? Do they think they're really fooling anybody? Maybe his children. Oh, I see. They don't want to offend his children. Like Tim Williams is a data. Oh, I got children. Oh, the. Too bad. Your children probably are reino. You're on moron. Okay, Tim. Why do you need to be a bugging me? The. The. The. I need to write a book. I just heard of Christ. It tells me. I mean it. It's easy. It's just the stuff that I've experienced in this business. The kind of wackos, the kind of lunatics, the kind of garbage. The kind of swivel. Tim Williams is a data who just happened to me. They son of law the station owner back in the day when it was owned by Guy Gannett broadcasting. And all of a sudden, Bob, he says, General manager. Wow, Kim William. Yeah. He is just and I'm trying to remember what he got off said about. I said something about pissed off. Hmm. I mean, even now during the chilling area in which we are operating, which is a thousand times worse than in the history of the radio, even now, nobody gets pissed off about pissed off. But, oh, that doesn't sound like you really make it never to be a boy. Go away, Tim. Okay. And I hope that your kids who are now I'm sure fully grown realize the old man is a real bozo and always well, moron, a silly person. And I'm not sure if you can see the old man in Egypt. And how about Stanley J. Cohen? I wonder if he's still alive. He used to drive that yellow pimple beer, Lion Z. W. K. W. A. M. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Has anybody mentioned Wayne, I think? But you sell out. You know something you eat, we eat that, that's right. You got it. Didn't he really screw us over? He screwed the whole town over. That's right. How's that blockbuster park coming by the way? I'm sorry. I said, how's his blockbuster park coming? Oh, yeah. How was your band there? You know, you got crazy. We're still there. We're laying it out now. I'm going back to town just so I can go there. Good choice, pal. Thanks a lot. I'm going to show you something right now when you are going to die. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here. Uh-huh. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, Here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. All right. Told us out. Told us down to River. He does it all the time. All he spoiled owners. Jose Hoffman said you got everything Peanut 얼ense. But you got both. Tell us more about it. You got 20 out of 7. It's hard to get anything. Thank you. I told him several times that I was going to go to an all- ihnen neighborhood. Did you have a lot of fun tonight? Thank you stora folks with us. Well, thank you. Use the other theory of life King B Kobe's Bjorn E, that conqueredwerk history in the mainland of north African... I think heesh. Mitchell and Otto Graham and Luke Groza and Paul Brown. It's a scam. It's a bait and a swish is what it is because our mode deliats through his teeth about losing his ass and he took the team at the moment of the bomber but that boring raven team that he's got those raven lunatics who also got crushed by the way by the patriots. I just mentioned that in passive voice. What the hell is that kid's name? The quarterback for Baltimore. Bolzer, Kyle Bullwer. What is it? Kyle Bullwer. Bullwer. Yeah, we have Bullwer and Bulger and Bulger and Peedy Bullwer. Well, whatever they name them, they just, oh brother, I almost felt sorry for him. Because you know, we're too bad. But boy, they just beat their crap out of him, he got how many times he gets sang? God, you know, you're the man. Wow, it was great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Josh's motto is set the fact that the patriots are a dynasty that they're real for real. They're sensational and they do not do steroids. Now, maybe, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You were, you were happy. Maybe, maybe. Maybe. Couple of people on the team. Maybe 20 people on 20 players on the team. Maybe. Not 30 men. Maybe 40. And then on the roster. Tom Brady and Anovan Terrier are not doing steroids after that. And also that Randall Gay, he don't do steroids. I think that's good. You know, who Randall Gay is? The fence is back, number 21. He's like either hot or cold, either plays a great game or he just thinks to join out. He gets burned like a piece of over toasted toast. Man. But anyway, don't start with a football now. Next thing, you know, they want you to do a sports show like that time, Terrence. Oh, come on, just want to a sports show. Hey, blow it out your butt. Okay, Terrence, and don't you ever come with enough thousand yards of me. All right, I'll get it. The court injunction, you little quiz-ling, you simpleton. He can't even get to this issue of on time here. If our him, I would deliver it. Just don't come upstairs. That's all. Just wrap it off the other side of the concierge. It'd be some deliverance. You know what I mean? I mean, what kind of a project is that? How difficult is it to convey those people at premier, even though it's on my team channel? Look at where we're giving you spots for this. It's not like we're getting this from the kindness of your heart. And there's a deal we got going here. And you already made a deal. And back when it used to be airborne, expression was there on time. Just like clockwork meals, the comedy, but stuff. No. And it has nothing to do with the time of the year. People say, well, you know what's Christmas to it? It's got nothing to do with that. I will bet George's life on it right now that if you take a FedEx package and send overnight mail, which you have to pay more. But if you do, wherever you send it, it'll be there tomorrow in the country. Or even up here. Never fail. Never fail once. But if you send it by DHL, if anybody ever even gets it, it doesn't mind up in somebody's dumpster in a backyard, it'll be a major mirror. You're listening to me, you're not your host. It's glucidly. There's an arm's gone. Look, and some of that is so out. 5, you know. It's November sweeps into rehab, reality TV. When the creator of Extreme Makeover, the director of queer eyes of the straight guy and the producer is of wife swam. It's extreme queer wife swam. Oh, look at you. You guys filming this extreme queer wife swam. Great. You're on the covers and you snore. I want to roll over and go to sleep. 144, 16 to 156 to WQM. Now this term is going to be a little delicate, because Joyce might be a monitoring. Some men would have normally small things. This is the best. If you ever had somebody say, well, I'd give my right arm to have whatever. You don't fill in the blank. Yeah. That's our left arm. Some men would have normally small members. Give a portion of their left arm so that surgeons could create a more normal size organ. G-dane. It's a warlitzer. What if you got a really short left arm? Well, then you got real problems. You've got to give an arm interlike. An arm interlike. The operation known as total phallic reconstruction, dramatically improved their quality of light and for some allowed them to experience a full sex life for the first time. The condition known as, well, I guess I can say it because it's a medical condition. It's known as micro penis. Really? It's a word. That's a word. That's why I'm saying it. She can't get all bent out of shape about that. Although some guys, if they got it, I'm sure are. Some of us that are pet names. Is defined as a thing, no greater than three inches in length when fully erect. I'm going to take my left arm here. Micro penis can result from a variety of causes. That's the name of the condition. It's a medical condition you bozo you pervert. Micro. Can we go for a look? For a variety of causes, including inadequate exposure to testosterone before birth and genetic factors, according to study findings presented Wednesday at the European Society for sexual medicine conference in London. I took a look in European. As the name implies, total phallic reconstruction is a comprehensive operation that addresses all aspects of penal function. The main tissue for the new member is obtained from the forearm and incorporated into the patient's existing member to take make force to get the. This is a good way to get your force going back. Micro surgical techniques are used to connect blood vessels and nerves. Last they got a lot of nerve. Lastly, an inflatable penal prosthesis is placed to mimic a normal erectile function. Also it's like a stunt thing. Right. You got an in-the-pressant study doctor David Ralph and colleagues from the University of College London described nine men between nineteen and forty three years of age. What are what to proceed with their institution? The subjects included three hermaper dites and two men with testosterone problems. The average member length was just over an inch. Well, I'm starting to feel like a real big shot now. All of the men were satisfied with the cosmetic outcome of their operation, which aims for a new member length of about five inches. In addition, the operation law foremen to urinate in the standing position and love. No. You mean these are guys that I guess had to sit down. Wow. And a lot of foret to have regular sexual intercourse. Despite these benefits the procedure was now about its risks. Infectious complications they shift in the prosthesis position and the need for surgical reversions were all fairly common problems. That shifting thing is kind of dangerous because sometimes if it's like sticking right out of your side, that's not probably a good thing. None of the past treatments for micro penis had been very effective before Ralph filled right herself. So it's not uncommon for these patients to undergo multiple operations. We don't know if they can have multiple orgasms, but they can certainly have multiple operations. Complications are common with several fabric reconstruction, but at the end of the day, I love that expression at the end of the day. All of the patients achieved good results and were 100% satisfied with their outcomes Ralph said. Despite his potential for changing life up men with micro penis, Ralph noted that total fabric reconstruction recently hasn't caught on yet elsewhere. But he's hopeful that the presentation at the current meeting might help change. There you go. Something that we look forward to. Just take a look at your left arm and see how much you got to give up. 560560 pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines. W2A and hello. Hi. Told you. W2A and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are we going? Great. I'm from the subject of your condition at your house there. But did you get the new part of it yet? Yeah, got it. Got it. How many don't do a couple? How many are you for? I'm your friend. I don't have to. A couple. A car pool. Yeah. What would be the, what would be the question? Your favorite car all time? Yeah, that are, you could find out what your list is. That's the, you'd be, you know, stuff like that. That sounds like you're doing one for Tuesday. Now that you mentioned it. Perfect. I didn't take the news. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, got my new 2005, the one with the Achilles thing. And three. Right. Don't say entry. Achilles. But, uh, haven't seen it. But I will very soon. But that's a good idea. So Tuesday's pool. Oh, if these people only, and Eric is playing hard to get, man, he, he refute. He keeps pretending he doesn't hear me saying that I know he's your, Aaron it about like, you, well, couldn't he do that? He must keep track of all these old pools we've done, right? Everybody's got a few old pools laying around. Right. Like fish and pools. Come on, Eric. Give it up, baby. Give it up. Give up some propsural pops. Little bit. Yeah. I mean, he's got him. So that's what we haven't done the long time. Just like that. What about movie in these? I found this. I don't know where I was leaving through some old craft. And here it is from July of last year. Now that's a year and a half ago, that's playing long enough. The audience doesn't remember this, right? Right. Of course, me being the smuck that I am. I shouldn't have told him where he did it. But then, oh, you already did that. Well, well, listen, probably he's in the year and a half. You've seen some other movies of great endings. Like, Magnolia. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six in the prize. And singular, rather, it's line. WQA, and hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Hey, don't panic. Love you, show man. I love you. I like the best thing out there next to Howard. But hey, how did you talk about Frank Sapper the other day? What's your favorite album? I'll give you my favorite cut. How's that? All right. Ready? He's a, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I like that. You are the man. I love the man. All right, see him, Kelly. Yeah, well, we used to play the whole thing. But now, of course, you also have a Schmidt fit if we play that thing. Well, not way to. I mean, let me try it. Because you know, I'll put you good with these buttons here. This is a sweet, great. Hey, there are people love, but they cry from the sea. I'm the cutest boy and down. My car is fast. My teeth is shining. I tell all the girls they can get flying. Here, let me show you. I'm sure the pain of my shoes. I'm worth some sharp and I'm acting to. I got a cheerlead. I hear a one thing out with my face. Well, there's you all the work and maybe it's me. I'll be the role of God. I am the American figure. I do not think I'm too extreme. I don't have a hand so I'm so stupid. I'll drag on the tail of the job and be real, real, real. I'm scared of it. I'm scared of it. I'm scared of it. Women will forever raise your pain. Freedom of love and nation. Ready? I'm sorry, you're a face of our work. No, no, no, no. It's okay. That's so clear. There was a shower in the morning. It was the work. Oh, even our opinion, I got to work. No, it's seriously. It was not the wrong one. I played with it. There was no part of that word there. It was fine. The breathing. You could see me like a... Listen, there's other subject matter coming up that we used to be alone. No, there's that because I'm not playing anymore. I know what you're talking about. Just like this here if you keep too quick. I know. Right. Any windows. Stop. Stop now, or even have another inquisition, man. And this time, you'll be up on the wall. In fact, I'm pretty sure you write about Easter time would be good. If you're feeling a little cross, the George, we're going to nail him up right on the corner there, right by Chuck's up, and we're going to have George up on the cross. They hold it at Mel Gibson. Move on to Democratic Party. We own it. I like this story. And it's about time we have some people with some balls. Okay? The Democrats need to grow up pair instead of just sitting around or whining and despair. Liberal powerhouse move on has a message for the professional election losers who run the Democratic Party. We bought it. We don't know. We're going to take it back to which I say. Oh, right. Yeah. I say. Like that. That's right. Just like the QM wave. How many times did I say that? Yes. Oh, my God, man. That yesterday was a day that we live in Interman. The interesting is it was just a couple days after Pearl Harbor Day, even the Japs never saw a day like yesterday. Unless maybe Nagasaki and Hiroshima. A scathing email from the head of move on's political action committed with the group supporters on Thursday targets outgoing Democratic National Chairman at Wimp Terima Calloff. He didn't even know Dick McCollough from the Tigers. Remember Dick McCollough? Josh? No. Come on. Let's hand it the second basement of Handhing used to hold a bad way up on a strange stance. Anyway, we're going to have a lot of Terima Calloff as a tool of corporate donors who alienated both traditional and progressive Democrats. For years, the party has been led by elite Washington and Senators who are closer to corporate lobbyists than they are to the Democratic base said the email from move on past LA Eli Pariser. But we can't afford four more years of leadership by consulting class of professional election losers. Boy, that's sure he said it just exactly the way it is. Professional election losers, man. They're the experts at it. Under McCollough's leadership, the message said the party coddled the same corporate donors that fund Republicans to bring in money if expensive vision and integrity. Oh, integrity. What's that? In the last year, grassroots contributors like us gave more than $300 million to the carried campaign of the DNC and proved that the party doesn't need corporate character be competitive to message B. San. Now it's our party. We own it. We bought it. We're going to take it back. Foriser, urge move on supporters to help support a DNC chair with a bold vision representative of the grants outside Washington. Democrats will vote at their February meeting in Washington as is on a successive two McCollough. The government, Jan. Cabrera, declined to engage in a tit for attack with move on, but Fraser McCollough's efforts. Oh, geez. We're like, right. We're dancing on the edges now. Call me crazy, but I think the fact that for the first time in party history, we outwraised the Republicans and did so primarily to grassroots fund raising suit of the hour again. We did so through grassroots fund raising. Is something he proud of, perversive. See if I can do a little bit better this time. If I don't lie, I'll blow that cookie. It's great. There. All right. You have to do like about a half of it too soon because otherwise, right. You're this in there. And you will say, well, stay. Yeah. Among those vying for the party chairmanship is for me for my governor Howard Dean. We love you, Howard. You demand. That's the great white hope right there is Howard Dean. You let's out a screen. Right. In fact, next time when he runs if he does run again, he's going to, I think it's a little bit like that. And that'll get him in. Tony, everybody QML vote for him. Chris will be a whole new crew. And early darling of move on, cyber network back to this, what he ran for the Democratic presidential nomination says here. Howard Dean. He was the man, and that's the reason they ruined him and they inspired what the media and they, they just knocked him out there because they even called Robert Mitted. When the election was over, we were scared crampless of Howard Dean. We wanted to carry on. And I was going to go now and move back to go. We're going to California and Texas in the yard. We're going to South Dakota in Oregon and Washington. And Michigan. And then we're going to Washington. These seated. They said, no one else. You're listening to me. You're watching. You're watching. Exclusively. On five. Two. Two. Two. But heads. It's the one to do our. Go lay they work in Buffalo City Mall. And we see him flip in a nice way. He ends the other side but Jerry's at them four hours a day. When we start we are lifted that day. When you're worried every day about a tent tent tent tent tent tent tent who wants a job anyhow. It was the hell this kind of leads the rice. Or she'll take it. It's the day. All we were told the matter a time. Before he said, I'm done with you clowns. Mama good luck to come to Lisa Cole. All in step an ounce. What he said, Mama. All in step an ounce. One o'clock in five six. He never he QAM. Cole and by the way is leading. He's stepping out in the spray 95 votes for lion cheating a colon pile of soul right down a river man. Lied like a champion. First he says, I'm not going to wait this boss. Man, he throws the papers off. And then all of a sudden he comes out of there like somebody made him an offer he couldn't refuse. And he's sitting there with you and with it was pretty wild. You know, and we had that violence supposedly. Answer right. Cole and Paul 95 on the king 93. The biggest sellout in the world. Dennis Miller 42. Phil Henry. Are you sure? I'm really, really anti 21 John Kerry 19. Zell Miller that yay who man from Aintree got some. I bet you he's up there and it was right now an Aintree with him guys. But that family. Probably season that baby's ass. Zell Miller 17. Alex of the mayor 14. Ricky Whitamston. Dick Morris 10. H C is this Rick Riley seven. Mark McGrath is in a graph from a graph. I don't know. I think it's TH. We got FF. Well, they know who that is. I think it's. It's a graph. It's McGrath. Well, whatever. We don't care. Wayne Heisenberg's got five. Steve Cains got five. That's two and a half times as audience. And George Lucas got four out of almost 400 votes. Now, there's one on one in the phone has a ring yet. That's a good sign. Myself on. Although it's not a good sign that those are Dennis aren't here. They'll be here this afternoon because they were sent overnight. FedEx. So confidence is very high. They'll be here later on today or maybe this hour. If I just go racing in the other room to pick up that phone and they say, you got a gigantic package down here. Oh, shit. Can't say that either. You got a gigantic parcel down here. Yeah. What the fuck? What the fuck? I've heard about that. I'm talking to the package down here by the way. What happened to your left arm? According to a new Gallup poll only about a third of Americans believe that I know I stayed this in my pile. But periodically I have to read this out loud. I saw a thing on the Discovery Channel there. And I right now was on PBS. You know, one of the best HD channels is PBS, which I totally this before it shocks me. Okay. Because they're always whining about money and they don't have enough money. I'll avoid a crawd either. HD stuff is just phenomenal. And they show a lot of these like travel shows, which you know I love that. And they were showing Sicily, Sicily and they showed Mount Edna. And we're talking about how Mount Edna is. I think they said 800,000 years old. Okay. According to a new Gallup poll only about a third of Americans believe that Charles Darwin's theory of evolution is a scientific theory. There's been well supported by the evidence. While just as many say that it's just one of many theories and it's not been supported by the evidence. The rest said they just don't know enough to say. And it's a third or more 45% of Americans also believe they've got created human beings pretty much in their present form about 10,000 years ago. A third of Americans have biblical literars to believe that the Bible is the answer word of God and it's to be taken literally word for word. Oh, I forget what story this is from what it says. Well, that certainly explains a lot. It explains it all right. That explains to results in that last election. That explains why the mugwams are all over not just in the red states, but that it's throughout even the blue states all over the place. Muglums. See, I want to tell you a little especially with the holidays here right now. If you participate in rituals of any kind, look in the mirror and say to yourself, I have been brainwashed, okay? No matter what it is, if you part like the lighting of the menorah and the Chatskis with a Christmas tree and the the nativity scene, all of the stuff, if you participate in any kind of religious rituals, then you are brainwashed, you need to be deprogrammed, you need to be not sooner, get the 2A anonary or something, right? Or a slapperie. Yeah, who is slapperie? The slapperie, the slapperie, the slapperie, the slapperie. It's not complicated. If you do things by a rope, that just means that you've been conditioned. That's all. I mean, I just don't believe that people want to be so weak. It's one thing to be weak. It's easy way out, right? Do you want it? They want to be weak thinking, you know, as efforts. I mean, the monkey said, I want to be free, like Michael said, Godfather 2, free. Now that I did have a good point. He started talking to like him because even though the puffiness and the cheek went down after McCluskey broke his jaw, he started talking I would have speak to him. I don't remember what everybody thought everybody. Right. That's right. But I don't remember that part with Tom Hagen. I got to see that again. I love a rock ball. And the only reason he wasn't in Godfather 3 was whether it's a money thing. He goes to show you when you go to the cheap way out and you bring in George Hamilton of all people. I mean, George Hamilton belonged there about as much as, Oh, be it. Yeah. So the acobalai. Yeah. We should have a pro-sacron to a death. Yeah. Yeah. So if you read over to see Iran, okay? So just open the door and please. Okay. We had a lot of open lines on here. I was prepared to take Zidians a call, even though my pile is still Oh, I like this story. Speaking of, in fact, we've even got a little drop in here. That's perfect for this story where he says, Yes, for the home of. Yeah, perfect for this story. London. A group of Christian protesters in Scotland. Oh, did I ever tell you about the time I got to let bust with him silly Scottish people and emmstered him to the airport? You busted. Oh, brother. That was like last December's matter. If I go, hold back the Scuttman on there. Wow. And what language do they speak? I'm not talking about the Scottish little bro. But they have their own language, too. What is that? Is it what are they called? I mean, yeah, I think it is. Yeah, I don't know what it is. But if some bizarre, and then I thought the most bizarre thing was when a one guy went to hell is that? Oh, no. What is that under? Which is, you got to stick your spoon in it. Stick. What's under stick? See, I thought spoon, not stick. As in Sunday. Why? You got to stick your spoon in a blind. Don't worry. And you should have seen where he stuck that spoon. But anyway, a group of Christian protesters in Scotland was called on police to prosecute a theater company for blasphemy because it's putting on a play about a game. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, no. If there's a blasphemy like this, Christians have to stand up and steal and green or Christian voice. Jesus Christ, who protested outside of the theater showing turns to make now a controversial play. Corpus Christi is in and was university. Body Christ. Jesus Christ is being portrayed here as a foul mouth, drunk and permissuous, home-oest sexual, and that's an insult to my faith, green told BBC radio. I'm a homo. But the place director, Zoosie Lenzzi. I wonder if Zoosie is kind of a duffling Z. Defend of the production. He's not portrayed as a drunk and foul mouth. He doesn't say one bad word throughout the play. Even though he might have been gay, rhymes with play. Christian voice was not placated. It's formerly allowed to complain with a police. Police. Arguing that the American playwright's work was blasphemous. Notest issues have been taken yet. That's in Scotland. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. They are really special but in kills like good Charles, for example. Prince Charles would have killed right. And says, kills me. 560560, pound 560, unabarized in singular wireless lines. The biggest sellout in the world is, cool and tall and John McCain have a race to the death going right. I do. Why 9 Q.A.M. Hello? Yes, sir. The scene is, I remember the scene in Godfather 2. He says to Tom, Fredo is, I love Fredo but he's weak and stupid in this life and death. Tom, you're my brother. You're going to be the dawn. You're going to be in charge of Rocco's men, nearly everybody. And that's why he, that's why when they walk out, they find that two dead bodies Michael walks out to the train to go to Miami and then down the Cuban Tom tells Rocco, okay, get rid of the bodies and Rocco says, oh, where's Michael? He says, Rocco, take care of it. And then you see him walk. Oh, yeah, yeah. He's outside of the house. They're right. Right. So he, and that's why he did he goes to Carson City to the, to the brothel and take secret of thing with the senator. Right. So he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, comes to boss. Or you are good, man. But you know, what did I ever do to you? I was doing it. You did it. Oh, I did it. I was smart. You're smart. You're about to be funny. You're smart. You're smart. No. No. No. No. No. Eight minutes after one and myself own has run yet. So Jordan, what do you think that means that they're still confagulating. Yeah. Some high level pow, I'll go on on today, which I don't want to get into here on here, which maybe I will I'm under. Or maybe not depending on the outcome. It's just talk about a place where you'd love to be a fly in a wall. I'd love to see that. I would just, I would give a little piece of my left finger. My index finger. WDQA and hello. Yeah. Hello. Yeah. Joel, I'm going to implement for your poll. Salah, oh, you've got to go to an excellent one. Sir, yes, he sold out the party. So loud is religion. He sold it all out. And happy, chronic, by the way. And thank you so much. As he's in pace off, happy circus. Happy Sympathastora. What am I? Happy pace off. Oh, you know, since we got a drop in that I was anywhere that you ever did this one. We're at a conversation pace off. I knew she had a plan. But to know that. Have a conversation pace off. Yeah, since she passed away, life hasn't been worth a crap. You know, right? And not only her, but she, a mother of all. Yeah. Well, so it hasn't been the same. And you know, something I think I think this is the Lord's way of evening out the grief. That's why we work where we do it. Because now that my mother is pushing up daisies, now that there are other people compensating for the lack of grief and stress and service in nagging that I would get where she still alive. You still have sense the end of the end again, man. The end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end. That's life. It's crap. WCQA and hello. Yeah, real. Yes, sir. How about that gap to this one? Condolizard right. Condolizard is a good one, excellent. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Pauline. Have a great week. Thank you. All right. Good day. Condolizard. I like that. I like that. She's a four-toned, tongue bitch that kind of lizard. Oh, don't be picking on doctor rice. Yeah, right. Let's pick on whoever we want to pick on. Okay. Go back to Fox News, Heather. You bitch. You idiot. Even though a lot of people are mind-of-building did want to do you. But nevertheless, just put some duct tape around that. Well, and I don't want to get too deeply into that. I will speak out of that. Prison reviews were said officials had mined document show. I got some stuff to hear to intersperser. I want to get all my fish, my ducks, whatever these are. My ducks with hoisin sauce. More than two months after the abugar, a prison scandal in Iraq shocked the world. An official memo described how military intelligence officers witnessed further prison abuse and bagged it, but were threatened to prevent them from reporting it. The memo was the most recent in the collection of government documents released Tuesday. It was dated June 25 and written by Vice Admiral Lowell E. J. Kobe, who directed the Defense Intelligence Agency. Lowell described how two, see, I don't understand that. If his name is Lowell E. J. Kobe, why do they say Lowell? Why do they call him by his first name? See, that's the mistake. Do Kobe describe how two DIA officers assigned as an interrogator to a special operations unit designated this task for 626. Witness evidence of prisoner abuse while working at an unnamed temporary detention facility in Baghdad. The extensive collection of government documents exist. The abusive detainees in Iraq and elsewhere was more widespread and systematic than senior officials have festered up to. Officials repeatedly tried to characterize abuse last year at Abu Gharaib as an isolated series of incidents. A small number of low ranking soldiers already been prosecuted. In other words, they're the ones that they're going to sell out. Speaking of selling people out. They're the ones that are going to like be the scapegoats. The documents released Tuesday, however, revealed that senior U.S. officials who claimed that they were unaware of the abuse were repeatedly informed of accusations of abuse through official channels. They also suggested that these are not the reports of abuse failed to trigger investigations. It would have increasingly appears to have been a widespread pattern of prisoner abuse and Afghanistan, Iraq and a Gitmo in Cuba. You see that? We can always get Cuba into the mix. That's another expression I could work into the mix. Oh, we've been doing 24-7 and in the mix. Oh, or in the hunt. They use those expressions in Gulf of Iraq because they like Gulf of Iraq. Well, he's back in the hunt. Yeah, well, they like hunting for okay. Like quail, what's that all about? Don't forget join QM tonight at 7 o'clock for a live broadcast with a big bangos at the AAA and the U.S. And with the QMQDs at the Hooters and Basides, stop our professionals on President Day beer to watch the heat game too. If you like, if you care, which I don't, that's 7 o'clock to that at the bongos and at Hooters. You know, it's that amazing time of the year again. Unless, of course, you hate crowded malls, long register lines, parking hassles, crazy shoppers. So this year, why not make your gift giving a little bit easier for you and your loved ones. Give them a dial mattress, give two to the ticket. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dial mattress, give two to the ticket in any determination. And the new bet makes a perfect gift that lasts for years. Now, when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll say that additional 20% on select models, law supplies last. Two is from a ceiling. Sort of. Simmons King Croix, Durans and Foster Hewitt and Tempor Petic. And when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll give same date delivery. You pick the day in time for a little bit of fit your schedule and keep in mind, dial a mattress continues to be mighty proud of their on time, 99.7% record of being the on time, like I said. They're on time because they're on time. They're right. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what is it, the 2004 better business beer or local purchase of excellence award. If you want to waste a lot of time, gas and cash, then get in your car and slept your betting and department stores and just to get ripped off. But if you want the best deal going and before those guests arrive, just pick up that phone and call them today. 1-800 mattress or log under their website, netflix.com. Dialometrist 1-800-MATTR-ES. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they're what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer husband satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. Number one, a customer satisfaction, they were what they wanted to do. One 18 at five, 60 WCM, a drug and soldier, by the way, these stories that come out of England, man, I guess, are real, more people are bringing me there, you know? Lots of problems. A drug and soldier sparked a security alert when he left the costume party dressed as a suicide bomber, wearing a turban, false beard, and a combat jacket, stuff would pretend explosives. Oh, British police said today. Why don't I take about him silly, Brits, huh? It's pretty funny. Do you go to a costume party dressed as a terrorist and full Virginia? Of course, if they British, they gotta be right here. I remember the public called police after seeing the sergeant in his costume, walking along a road near the Alvarish hot army base in Southern England, one day. That's definitely a good place to be walking around near an army base in full Virginia. 15 police squad cars armed with officers, dog cameras and members of the World Military Police were called to be alert. Suddenly, that's 119, my phone has rang up. The soldier and, by the way, if it does, I'm going to pick it up right in my stream, like when Hank's bookie calls me in the middle of the scene. The soldier remember of the cold stream guards who've been attending your costume party, celebrating his regiments rule in the 1815 Battle of Waterloo was arrested in Spent the 90 custody that we charged with the public order offence and find around 15 bus. Big deal. Hey, no thing. Now, here's a big thing. Where is a palm harbor? You know, up there, the ways. I think it's on a west coast. Is it on, I don't know, we're a low to peace. I have no idea. Palm Bay, Antopomp days by Melbourne. We're a palm harbor. Anyway, Burger King got some tourists, maybe. They're not taking us too lightly. This sponge Bob Square Panciting again really pioed about this. How these balloons have been missing, right? Stolen. Because while our troops are trying to defend themselves in state alive, with very, very inadequate protection, with air in Iraq, what we've got is people worried about sponge Bob Square Panceling. That's what people care our concern about. Not that Americans, not that Iraq is certainly because after all, with them lose their souls there. What they are. A Burger King manager fired an employee after she refused to return a 10-foot tall sponge Bob Square Panceling or Boss Gabor, which he then sold for a thousand 25-buston internet auction. Well, what's wrong with that? The Boss Gabor tour for Christ's Sakes? Yeah, but he didn't think she was going to make money on that. Finally, Richard's 36th at a manager recently gave her the 50-pound balloon at Fluitop the Burger King, as part of a corporate cross-promotion for the sponge Bob Square Panceling. And I've said it's part of that sponge, what they used to be making in burgers at Burger King. Because that's what happened. And I always said, taste this like rubber. Maybe it's not rubber anymore from good year. Maybe it's just sponge. But when she asked her permission from the company to be photographed by the Tampa Tribune, she had so that her an act co-host, which was writing a story about the balloon and insisting on the internet auction house eBay, she was told to stop talking to the media and return to balloon. I really liked my job at Burger King, which she had said, but I just couldn't give back to sponge Bob. Or of course, a thousand bucks. She said she worked part of her lunch shift when she was fired from her $6.15 an hour job for not returning to balloon. Storm manager Paula Kilgors said to her in some ordination and determination papers. They gave the balloon to me and I can always get another job just like that when I guess Richard said, things just turned bad after I told my managers I was going to take pictures with me. She said she had time to get the balloon to her two year old grandson, but it wouldn't fit in his room. So if he posted it for sale on eBay, where was one of the dozens listed, the balloon made national lose recently after they started being stolen from Burger King Rofs. I wouldn't want to have their own sponge Bob Burger King Square pants to balloon, right? That's right. Well, so I respect you. I work in one want that. Sure is now, but beats eating there. Virtue sense. He would you and probably taste better too. Virtue sense. He used the money she got from the winning bitter and tyrowne Georgia for Christmas gives him to pay off that from Tyrowne Georgia. Restraut manager Kilgor to climb comment today. He referred calls to the offices of Clifford Clearwater LLC, which owns Burger King where which is worth a calls he can come at Friday from Clifford Clearwater was never turned. There's still an analyzing it. Whatever really blows. George four minutes says here, says women love meal to us from a lady obviously. George for me now. Why did he sell out because he's doing commercials now? I reckon. I'll put him on there, but I love George for me. I love that lean, green green machine which George got me for whatever many years ago, but that many years ago. Right. Anyway, it's a good thing. I probably should get one right here. You know, the lean green green machine? Sure. You can grill it. He's got new ones now, you know. Those are really bigger pants here. I'll be in no wrong profile. I'll tell you that. Nobody, nobody can sit and forget it like Ron Popeye or an aircraft. Although they got that fat tubby guy. What tells his name? She's not a chef Tony. There's another fat tub that's you infermerschel's for a thing that's a rip off of the what do they call it? The thing that Ron Popeye will sound the rotisserie. The rotisserie. Very good. And this one's it's come on those goofy looking things with a round top and he eats by infrared. Whatever it does. And he says, just said it and his matter of fact, walk away is what he says. Just walk away. Yeah. Just said it and walk away. And we just said it and they'll walk away. Who are you kidding you? I remember somebody off. Oh Jesus. I mean, who don't you can us infermerschel watches? How about you Josh has seen the Ron Popeye or infermerschel? Oh yeah all the time. Yeah. Get out of here. You haven't seen that? Not a lot. How about the ones for the knife set? The knife. The 87,000 knives for like 84,000 easy payments of $2.99. Yeah, I've seen that. Yeah, you're life is just so narrow. You have to expand your horizons. No, it's not. That's that's the problem. Maybe that's 0, 2 out of 0. Yeah, he's busy. Okay. He's busy. So what is Oats eaten his Oats? Whatever he's doing. Sniffin this finger. Five six seven. Oh, five six seven. Oh, five six. The pound five six. I need Verizon and singular wireless lines. It's 124 in my self. I mean, the mixture. It's turned on. It's turned on here. Yeah, there it is. I can test it. How do we as full? Yeah, go ahead. Give it a that's a good idea. Down my cell phone. This is the first. This is a radio first on this show. Never thought about that. Most of this is my new cell phone. Here we go. Yeah. Thanks. Ola. Hey, there you are. Yeah. Bye. Bye. Well, I was short and sweet. I don't want to talk to a phone because you ever know who might be calling. That was good. That was the first ever on the radio. I'm sure it was a real first. I sure hope that gets a big front page. You're thinking I heard it a son, Sentinel. We just broke some new ground here on the show. Speaking of breaking ground and breaking people's neck and doing. What's that? And it mean, we've called you going time. Wait a minute. Oh, that could be the call. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Can you hang on one minute? I'm going to do a spot. How's that? How are you doing? How's your mental state at the moment? Yeah. No, I am, but you're not. I could put the forward up to there. You want to see how to the public out there and you might have an audience. Do I see something? No. Just hang on. I'm not out of here. Okay. I'm going to put the phone down from and do a spot and I'll come back to you and find the a little land. Okay. Can I find a little land now? This isn't going to be disturbing is it? Hello? Hello? Yeah. Hang on. Hang on a second. Idiot. Sure. If I'm not talking, I'm listening anymore. I'm doing a spot 26 after one a queue. You have to get seen out. You notice how close that was when you call. That's my second powers. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. I'm going to sing the Bible real quick. You put up time, all the phones rang and you bite a港. Why don't you go ghostjacking, what do you think and what if the Demon Lord Goss plasma doesn't go through? The octopus is a thing we can put up the money to help the giants on New York We can put up the money simply right away. balance. Oh, they're like I have to wear a park and here and you're wearing remuner shorts in there. Yeah, sitting on a block of ice. Try to keep cool. It's 73.2 in here. Just so you know. And that's how to be able to see it. It's a 89.5. We've got to thermometer for that room too. Then we can compare. Hey, what's going on? It's good news. Yeah. I was the lady from FedEx to a commonly- it custom charges are going to be $191.291.26. Which also by the well, be sure and expense that and it'll be her Monday. Other than the project for like Monday, I thought I was going to have a project for a week in but I want if the audience wants it, what we're talking about is the CD-DX to ones that you hear skipping and popping and hooking and like and I don't know why. Why they both went out at the same time? You're lucky. And our findings, you know, here who's really excellent. He just didn't know nothing about realigning the lasers. I know it was never but I figure what we'll do is I'll stick in the new ones there and then we'll take these and send them back to the factory. We will always have our CD-DX. Because what is life like? And then of course if we can just get the CD-Ds to put them at the same time. Oh, you're asking for too much now, Neil. So it's premiere people. I'm just going to get a little paranoid about that. You know the Chief Channel connection because they won premiere, Chief Channel that hates me like poison. And of course the feeling is mutual. We hate Chief Channel, Pete Bulger, Wana, Pink Wolf, all of them. They should only croak a wicked death. Especially Pete Bulger. The assassin. Hey, by the way, Pete. Yeah, that wasn't a good one. That's our message from QM to Pete Bulger over there. And by the way, all your stations suck, Pete. Every single one of them they suck. They stink. They're pathetic. They're tragedy. They're embarrassment. And so are you, by the way. And congratulations on destroying so many careers in lives. There's a guy here. We do wonder, how does Pete Bulger go home and look at them mirror? No wonder he's got a beard now like facial crap. You know, he probably doesn't look at him here long enough to shave. Because he sees a real evil door in a reflection. Anyway, speaking of the people to do is here's the other one. I'll get this out of the way and then we'll go to like some fun games, right? Okay. Okay. Goodbye. Terrorists may seek to down aircraft by shouting, powerful lasers into coppits to blind pilots during landing approaches. Oh my god. US officials more than they bulletin distribute nationwide. The memo sent by the FBI and a whole mind security department where their new skin head is in charge. Or will be very soon. Says there's evidence that terrorists have explored using lasers as weapons. There's no specific intelligence indicating al-Qaeda. Other groups might use lasers in the US. They added, although lasers are not proven methods of attack-like improvised explosive devices and hijackings. Terrorists groups overseas have expressed interest in using these devices again. The anti-antune incite the memo said. In certain circumstances, if laser weapons adversely affect the ISAT of both pilot and coppilot during a non-instrument approach there's a risk of airliner crash agency said. In September, a pilot for Delta Airlines reported an eye injury from a laser beam shown in the cockpit during a landing approach in Salt Lake City, Utah. The incident occurred around five miles from the airport to plain landed safely. Like that. And of course, we're now wearing that come from. Well, they use these lasers all around airports as range, finders like my radar detector, which also detects laser always goes off. So in order to monitor one of the threating all these aircraft is that? Oh, yeah, that's me. FBI and other federal officials are investigating. It's not clear if a crime was committed or if the laser was directed in the cockpit by accident. Steve Lucky. I wonder if he's kind of that dog, you know. Steve Lucky, a retired airline pilot who's chairman of airline pilot association, National Security Committee, said pilots are concerned about a recent increase in laser incidents, but don't know what to make of them. He said he's learned of two or three cases in the past 90 days. The most recent incident appeared to be ended in the palace in the vicinity of airports Lucky said a few seem to be intentionally and we're wondering why and what's going on. How do you like that? What's going on? And if Marvin Gaye were only here to answer the question. Why do you ask, Steve? I'm dying on the air. Every day, the news is morning we have a yellow light that must be. They have something to hide that's happening. Oh my god, if you lay hey by, what's really the end we have no sub-sub-sub-you to do what's like a yellow light. What are you sure? One for you five, it's yours. Nice of that very sweet Canadian lady calming confedex and saying we have 50 tears for the next one. It's going to be delicious. Thank you very much and I'll make the check out for how much. And so you know what that enables me to do now that I know they're not coming today. I don't have to sit around here on my ass waiting for that delivery. You can turn your photo on the desk. Yeah. How do you like that? Now I know I don't have to sit around like Patrick McGoon in the prison or I can go to the desk. Yeah. Will you go to lunch? Okay, okay. Man, oh man, he's awful. Okay, let's take a look at that pool. I just smack the mic. I never do that. That's great. You know, we've been over a lot of stress. Yeah, I think it's like a worry. I like it like an old sponge. You know, he just keeps like ringing it and ringing it. This plops. Flops for pops. Who's the biggest sellout that's our pool question. They're going over pretty big. It's going over bigger than Murray town. I'm more and the six million dollar man. 493 votes which you may not sound like a lot but I'm afraid of that into bed, right? Right. We'll take it. Coal and Paul and John McCain continue to be like today in a unbelievable like an advice grip. Coal and Paul 113 and John McCain 110. Three votes apart after you're nearly 500 vote. In that amazing. It's pretty close. We can't separate the two. When in doubt they both sell out. Dennis Miller 56 he's starting to move up. Phil Henry 54. How do you like that? Phil Henry. Okay. 54. A total sellout a total turn coat of BS artists of the worst kind. We used to like him for about five minutes. John Kerry 26, Rudy Giuliani 25. Ricky Williams. Twenty two. He knows. That's pretty damn sure. Ricky Williams. Who else we got? Zell Miller 22. Alex de former mayor of 20. See that's safe. You know why do I want to say like I don't know any word with a P. I'm not saying it. The fifth more is nine. Wayne Heizegate Mark McGrath or McGrath. What did you look it up by Ainscance? Probably not. Yeah. That would be a little work. Well, Josh don't have time to be looking stuff up in Google. He's busy getting ready to be watching the information so to begin. And he's got his little loosely finder to start taking notes. Yeah. Who he likes better. Chef Tony or Ron Popeo. Mark McGrath seven Rick Riley seven George Lucas six Steve Kane six that's double his audience. I can't believe that even people who don't listen to you hate your like poison Steve George Forman one kind of Lisa what the guy called her kind of lizard kind of lizard is got one and who's on the bottom there They don't have any of this quite juley woman has none. Oh and easy to understand. Okay, we probably got some more names. We've got a n on there. Let's squeeze a few in before we get on here. Mad Dog at the bruiserman market today at two. WQAM Hello. Thanks a lot, Maddie. Don't you QAM Hello. Yes. I don't know why you're you're jumping on the wrong people. You just got all wrong. I'm jumping in the wrong people. How do you know who I'm jumping on? I'm just Polish is beyond whack. You know you're you're on the wrong spot. If the dolphins lose again, you've landed. You've landed a opposing quarterback. You've landed a team. Go to your point. What are you trying to say? What are you trying to say? It's very it's not going to be public in this. It's a Democrat. It should be on your pole. I'm going to jump on John Kerry is John Kerry Republican. Is a Democrat. Yeah. Alex DeFomermary is he Republican. Do you think that Democrats? Yeah, so Dick Morris. What is he is he Republican? Wait a minute. He's jumping off. John, as the French say, John Bonzier. Just like they were to Bush when we shared candidate. We're standing the hand with the only one finger. That's what I'm doing for you. John Bonzier. As they say if he chimp back to be in Paris. They just stand for him out. I like that. I'm jumping on that. I don't know why that but his sterical hysterical. The last thing we want to do, especially at this stage of our lives, is history on X. I'd like to suggest that to many many people around us. He's a peaceful place in life. George has got his own issues of course. And that's the way it is. This is life he is chosen and it ain't too good. But nevertheless. And I just want to be far distant. See that's one good thing. I want to be very far distant from all of this. Controtops. I can understand that. Why those old farts in the condos. I'm beginning to relate to it. I'm beginning to be one of them a little bit. I mean, they just want to live in their own corner. They're going to be left alone. They don't want to be bothered by screaming little kids by little brats. Unless of course it's a wrong grandchildren. They don't want to be bothered by people with pets and barking little dogs like tiny. They just want to be left alone. They're about their years in peace. Everybody wants a little peace. Do you know anybody who does them on little peace? No. There you go. I'm about to risk my money. No peace of whatever you can get. I need to pizza. What did they do to their hands? They slice a pizza. Yeah. See, yeah. You probably got everything you ever said memorized. I had to listen to those tape. Remember? Why was that? Remember the lawsuit. Gary Bruce. I had to listen to that whole year you guys. All Gary Bruce. There's a lot of losers. Gary Bruce will wound up being my next door neighbor down the block for a while. Until he finally we everybody kicked his ass out of town. And then he, yeah. So everybody inside to the stations. He said give me a video tape for the whole Prisoner Series. How do you like that? I have watched two of them now. All right. Look, I got on these other great movies to watch. I saw a video drama. Like a video drama. No, why did I get that? And part of the reason I got it. I told you after the fact I can't blame you for that. We didn't blame you for a lot of things. It's like the best. That's a deal. It's in vote. But I can't blame you for a video drama. Look, you go into a, you go into your neighborhood video. It's like here's HMP is a big tenets like blockbuster without Wayne. And everywhere they got eight million DVDs in there. What is what a selection? And you know, you look around to try to find something interesting that you never saw before. Or maybe something that you did see. But you'd like to watch it on DVD. Whatever. And in your prison and whatever. And it looked pretty interesting. You buy it by the cover. I did that all the time. Right. And I read the liner notes on there. It sounded like a boy. This is really like very esoteric, very strange. You know, kind of like a pie was like that. When you say, do you watch pie? I haven't seen it. Sorry. You want, I'm kind of let me tell you everybody he puts the drill on the side of his head. Then moving. And I was just, no, no, listen. I just folded for it. But look at all the money I'm saving you. There's so many thousands of great movies. Don't go out there and get pie. If you want to get a strange movie, ten. It's better. It's got only one more letter. And it's much more entertaining. And it's about a real perfect. But the pie is just like, Oh, there are some letters. Excuse me, or some sure you'd like it. You and your old account more like it. One that brought to me that that low carb halivar, whatever it had it was to the hockey game at time. And I had wild diarrhea for two weeks. One thing who'd be where a orthodox dude is burying a dietary halivar. Okay, I'm just saying, especially during a son of a time, the very, very, very Timothy Lery. And like I said, the other day, you've got to be Timothy Lery. You've got to be on acid, do enjoy a video. You're going to even then you probably think it blows. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, top of the park racing and poker is got all the gambling, the plunging action you're looking for. Just a half mile from both I-95. The turnpike, top of the park is easy to get to. And best of all rhymes with bull. Top of the park features free admission in pre-general parking everyday. Live hardest race is in the poker room or for every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and Saturday too. Now, the poker starts at noon every day goes on till midnight. And live racing gets underway at 725 tonight, every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Like I said, don't miss out dollar nights Wednesday when draft beer soda hot dogs and more just a bucket of peace. Starting at 6 p.m. On Mondays is a way two for 25 dollar full course in a special at the top of the park restaurant, even I eat there. That's you've had I do because the price is right for me. Even if we're cheats there, like because he's a free loader. This Saturday December 11, that's tomorrow. Poppino Park features its richest night of the year with the 400. Now, what does it say to the dining rooms open? It's open now. Can you believe that? But that's open right now. Like I said, I'll be home soon. This Saturday December 11, poppino Park features its richest night of the year with a $8,000 Florida Breedier Super Night. That's tomorrow $860,000 stake races for the top Florida Breed Trotters and Paces. There'll be free silver and ear t-shirts. It's toys for Totsnight with great price drives for everybody who brings in a new unwrap toy. There'll be free mini horse rides for the kids and sand. I'll be back at the track all starting at 730 tomorrow night. Pompino Park, a block sound of a landing full of art on Powerline Road for the racing schedule call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or check them out online on the wickedwebbed.com. Huge night of great racing this weekend at Pompino Park. The weather is a bad passion, the only way to get to the world. The sweet night of the country. The only way to get to the world is to be far away. The only way to get to the world is to be far away. The distance with your pride, with your future. The sun, with your blood, with your blood, see your future. I rock the sky, give me a chance. I hope to get to the same day of the show. I can serve these out of my chance. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be far away. The only way to get to the world is to be far away. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. The only way to get to the world is to be free. When you know thousands of days, why does you grow away? And what they do? They go through the time that they see When they're happy, they try to watch you play You know, they're happy, they're happy How they can make sure Some are going to be out of the city I'll show you the life And have a smile, they'll be in the middle of the show And they'll be out of the city And they'll be out of the city And they'll be out of the city And they'll be out of the city And they'll be out of the city Jim Mand is coming up next Now, let me ask you this No, I do the full on two days The carpool, the carpool See, I don't think that's very interesting To say, well, what kind of car do you drive? That's boring to me But what's your favorite all-time car? See, all right Like a 57-teabird Okay, right I like to 55, but yeah Or 57-stingray Right, right, sure Or whatever Anyway, here's the original of the pool Then that guy that called before him And just took a crazy person Like most of our callers Who's the biggest seller? Colin Powell and John McKean And this is going to be really fascinating In fact, I guarantee you this weekend Instead of watching information Josh is going to be monitoring our pool All weekend long Watching the back and forth and being in the air And watch it? Oh yeah Sure Who's the biggest seller? Colin Powell, 122 John McKean, 117 And it's way on down Dennis Miller, 58 Phil Henry, are you sure? 56 of very strong fourth Ricky Williams 29 John Kerry 27 Rudy Giuliani 27 Zell Miller, Yahoo 23 From Aintree Alex your former mayor Bacania 20 Wayne Heizing attend Dick Morris 9 Mark McGrath 8 Rick Riley 7 George Lucas's got a Steve Cain 6 Condolize it lizard 2 George former one And Julie women's got the big one Bye bye