For his dog and his wife, he's dumb and comfortable. Hey! Stand-tube cowbors over this performance by the dog. That's Lucy. Come on dad. Get out of here. Come on dad. Come on dad. Come on dad. Come on dad. Let go my amy has to stop and bear the worst football team. There's fake love above and goals goals like goals ever seen. Just turn around and crown that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. So pin-win you say my amy. You're talking toilet, old is there. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. Don't bet on them you'll always lose. They don't know how that's tackled. No. They don't know how to block the. Their coaches ought to tell them to put thin day in their jacks up. Then they would want much faster than even in defeat. Then we go to the stadium. We'll see my amy. Keep in there the same. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. My amy soft is the is. I amy. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the ball. I amy soft on the all Bart bay. But dolphins have no fence, just 50,000 apples Still in the stands, they watch the game and all they do This moment gripe and bitch, I wonder how Joe Abbey got the piece of bat And rich in there the Miami dolphin Oh, Miami dolphin, oh Miami dolphin Some ver hulli jeans and the league Yeah, yeah, Miami dolphin Miami dolphin, I hear the crowd beating the blue And I hear the blue dolphins have no fave That quarter facet tube run down the field and he will fall Up past over you, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised When he gets cut that does it mean that he was circumcised And there the Miami dolphin Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number, I use the list Hey, chair, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins Miami dolphins, jacals just signals and he will But dolphins have no teeth and sand their often says it Joe Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke They'll always be subpointing when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than fuck marks on high singers of the way facing there The Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins number, oh What the hell, 32, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins Miami dolphins, jacals just signals and he will fall Hey, stop, absolutely, but hey listen you gotta be used to it by now What I tell you, you little face, I told you they could pull off How many people right that game is today? Not 30,000, not 30,000, Christ is 20,000 I mean yeah, I was watching an on TV and it was just empty You're watching it on TV? Yeah, how come you weren't there? Well, I didn't have to go there to see that Now the words why should you be the one? Right Gosh, so there are about 20,000 people, or what are front running 40 times This because you got a crampy team, thank you so much for coming Hey, some smelly ass right there and sand Lewis against the Rams This is 42 to 20, something like that, 42 whatever was 42, I believe How about that end of the tour? He was kicking it, he was thrown it, he was yanking it, he was incredible Anyway, that's the way I go, is the Patriots of 7 and 1, the dolphins are 1 and 8 Oh my god, how about he got fired yet? I can't believe this Nobody got fired yet, at least that I know of, of course, being our sports station I'm sure we're right on top of it, and we do one break this hour, would it be this half hour? Oh, it's going to be 2, yeah? Oh, that's 2 and right now, how about how we're going to do that? We got 13 minutes before 11, we got 8 minutes of spots Oh, right, well let's drag out the lives spot, okay, let's do about a three minute job here All right, give our customers more for their money Now it's only 12 minutes before we got like 8 minutes of spots Thank you, I've played my cards right and stall around for a little bit Hey, you can't guess coming for the holidays or you wonder what to do with that dirty old carpeting In your home, well now is the time that you rid of that carpet replace it with laminate or hardwood flooring from laminate designs That's right, visit laminate designs, sure I'm gonna find him an 82-80 state road 84 in daily And choose some over 300 samples on display Laminate designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week Call 1-877-8 laminate to set up a free noobrogation in a home estimate Laminate designs carry all the well, no lines including Wilson, our quick step and pergo If you call the day they'll set up an appointment for your free estimate Tell me what the WQM discount for an additional 10% off their already unbeatable low installation price Laminate designs during daily dry stuff i595 between Pinellular University drive And the show will be open Monday through Saturday from 9am to 430 afternoon And on Sunday from 10am to 2am Call them at 1-877-8 laminate laminate laminate for laminate designs The flooring company where service comes first Boar roars remembered whenever xi and over shots i had to write this You shares all his feelings, and sheBoysack, like every single person understands her. City's practiced well, and health dodgy 무대 and a pair of Clays in a scene that is NYF is wearing her as a new lipstick school pharmacist of the first life psychology 2009. Simultaneously, people like those who show up onto costumes for Until you have killed like your job, then you'll give him a last dance And if you've said so rightly, you're not looking to be kiss To the fans right off you, and call you an ex-star, shinny's, all the back there stare and balance But I, when he calls and nights, he's looking for a lassie, who likes it as it will soon be the right Reckem, go and deal alright, honey, sure he didn't, so no one spins on So when they're alright, he's silent, you best not take up your phone 10, 54 minutes almost time for that last break, and then we get it locked the 11 o'clock to the real show If there's just a little foreplay, if there's a bit of a way for a while, or if there's a departed, whatever the deal was, okay, well we don't start official to the level of the clock This is just a little foreplay, all the breakers are all in the warm up, huh? All the break all the time And I hope George is a cathartis of today's taking his vacation piece, I don't know what the George or Booker brand was the one because there was no note in it It could have been either one, some of you a nice birthday, you at least they thought it was, all the way to have absolutely no use for it I mean, what? I don't want to stop on grateful which I'm not, but I've always, 90 bucks on a set of 10 DVDs, the prisoner Patrick McGoon I've seen him all, how many times have I seen each one? About 30 minutes, and it's a beautifully packaged, you know, it's a nice package And what are I going to do with it? It's the thought that What is this seriously? What am I going to do with that? Am I going to watch those again? The prisoner Patrick McGoon is a great series as a classic, a cult classic, 17 episodes, I'm 10 DVDs, it's all right there Am I going to watch him? Did I want this? No, no, I want anybody to spend any money, I'm going to burn my birthday Oh, can I say please, don't do that again, but these birthday gifts are ready enough for the spending wasting money You can't, you can't reach these people But I appreciate it very much, don't I? Oh yeah, and across me, 21 dollars and 54 cent Canadian A to for the opposedives down there What are 10 of the NES that was? 21 dollars and 54 cent, I could have bought 10 lot or tickets for this, 64 year and I want a few million But no Ha ha ha ha ha ha You're just an ungrateful old miserable bastard, is what you are That's right, so I don't deserve a birthday present see you see what I've been saying Here's how I'm miserable old crmudgy, a piece of crap fat, I don't deserve any birthday present Please crack or please say your money Okay, we'll start to show it 11 o'clock We'll start to be a little rungy Exclusively 156 15 Play like men and they look like women Filly box sorting, brings back his most beloved character for another film about America's most beloved story You're fighting nightcar I reckon on board down you walk to front You leave on sorting as carol from Slingley coaching high school football I go to jail back, so both go to half back, I go to the jail back Hmm, body back, we'll make a quarterbacks meet in the yard I rank a rule book, I should have known it quite a bit Inches of man, not the block of never man from man, I don't know keep all burned Hmm, and don't miss coach cars These were racial halftime theftsaw And with his earphone game, we're all going to know a lot for business customers I'd like biscuits and mustard Hmm, five eggs, nice carol Great, these cheese tastes very soon I reckon though we only under the age of 13, or for Jesus, we'll be without their mom here, that is Hmm, I'll say to right now, I think we just discovered my accident What's wrong with America man, why? I'm most of America the blue states, at least the population Blue states want to join Canada, the United States of Canada Biscuits Biscuits in gravy man, little rotting your brain I just don't mind me, people of North Donate know biscuits Now only the people in the red states eat biscuits, very biscuits Not to Southern Bang, it's like grips and schmits and Oh god, biscuits, oh, that even the glam say fat, of North I'm saying do you need biscuits? No, no, have you ever had them? Yes, like it's like eating powder It would be like eating a croissant that just doused in light flour Of course, I thought that's good For a sunset, good, I'm talking about eating one that was doused in white flour Not in powder, like sugar powder, which would be great But I'm trying to buy like just white flour Biscuits Starts you scratchy, tasteless Biscuits and gravy and chickens in Southern Downhole, Malach grantman, what's your brain? Anyway, it's a little bit too, welcome, it's a Monday We've got some night go on with two, we got comfort for it We got guilty, it's smoky bones and mocha It's seven of you talking about the hacky season that's coming up So hacky season, y'all, you're the man that killed a panther single handedly And then the 80K at 10, that's our line up today, looks pretty pristine Things are just rolling along, waiting for the other shoes to drop Speaking of other shoes to drop, when the dolphins are going to fire one set already I was just gonna wait, you know, I mean, wouldn't it at least make a look like they're trying something I know it's hopeless, they only got seven games left Would you realize how bad that is that if they won every remaining game, which they've got no chance to do it They'd still only be 500? That's what you call a lost season little boys and girls That's pathetic, well 500, or 500 be a miracle But that got no chance, no chance of that And if I could best chances already gone, their best chances to win a game Cincinnati They wouldn't have won that one, no, Arizona yesterday, no And who one other little girls came to lose to? There's one other one Cleveland, wasn't it? No, I'm probably not gonna play that one Who would they play that was a really weak sister in the lost two? Was it the bills? Well, they lost the bills. Yeah, that's what I'm saying Any game that they played where you thought, well, this is the week that this is the one that's going to win Of course, then they up to one of that one game against the Rams who liked to have for about five minutes and four days And didn't any miss the bus? And people are saying, oh yeah, that's it We're going to turn it around. Yeah, you're going to turn it around all right Back to bed news from Iraq already Oh, there's an allowigar, I'm getting ready to kill a bunch of them evil doors Baby it's the it's the god people the god squad against the evil doors That's what it's all about. Let's kill a bunch of innocent people Here's a report from MSNBC near Follugia Iraq with warplanes pounding the city US troops thought their way they were to ask for its effollugia today Seizing two bridges over the U.F. Ladies river and helping Iraqi soldiers take the cities man hospital And the first day to they made your ass off on the insurgency stronghold Let's get them evil doors US military reported its first casualties of the offensive two marines killed when their bulldozer flipped over into the U.F. Ladies river Some 10 to 15,000 troops to vest majority American law with 700 Iraqis are taking part a military spokesman estimated at 42 And surgeons were killed across the Lugia and the opening lines of the text doctor's in philugia early reported 10 Iraqis were killed Love another's injured overnight and the blood bath has only just begun Trust me when I tell you it's only just think on it going to be lots and lots of dead people That Americans dead bridge dead evil doors dead innocent pain in the anti-standard that collateral damage lots of dead people because we've become the real evil Doers of the world mass murderers were butchers is what we are for more you know since back and like any election was fixed I just want to point that after right now we'll get in many of those stories a little bit Some of these little stories we got We got the old jastery are you familiar with this and not the incredible exclusive old j busted you're gonna love that story We got the Michael Jackson latest. He's got more tourists than you ever dreamed of man. He's got big problems The bachelor by ren velvet graphic photographic photos featuring the bansler turned up on the internet and produces clear the scandal could destroy the shows image with viewers The producers all look at this picture here in the inquire. They got like it got her movies blacked out before not by much In fact, there's an upper movie right there Gwen The producers know these portal pictures of iron and his former girlfriend stripper Gwen Rogers about it. It's my sister and they've been cringing as a thought that their bachelor Maybe we've built this having a very sleazy side of them and inside it's only inquire I was in probably a viewership. I won 30.40% That would help them. That's what the public wants don't buy this board again bullcraft. Okay, don't believe any that garbage the public wants please This guy's bill or wildly he'll tell you. And what do you fact me and then don't be faction Georgia's out today So he's gonna be pissed off anyway, but my girls are not gonna put up with you seven long seven page long facts is no Bob and my my my my likes who's got a very very small font And types very tiny too. I think everybody should just relax everything's gonna be okay. Oh, we're fine Don't listen the fascist been obsessed with the more I have time to think about it the more the action right Baby, just come on the instant people are gonna die just like six before anybody remember Vietnam. Yeah, it is like 64 Only 64 was a lane slide. This was not and those people would say it's a man dated to land slide even with a fish being in just keep in mind If you switch over 70,000 votes 70,000 votes in Ohio in fact if he gives her probably about 200,000 that's taken away But if you switch over 70,000 votes carry it with you election he only lost by 30 electoral votes If carry wins Ohio it gets to 72 and Bush gets to 62 Carry wins Bush loses so that's that's a landslide that's a man date And of course the same people were poop pooling the popular vote four years ago and I was saying oh, yeah, but he won by three and a half million votes in the popular vote Big thing can deal what does that mean being gigantic margins where in those red states You know, remember that the slogan three and a half million red next must be wrong. Yeah, that's right They were wrong. Who the hell cares what those people in Texas and Oklahoma in Nebraska and those places in Montana those mud lumps those people would like one eye in the middle of their forehead those cyclopses Here's about them And by the way, you people that think you've got all marks up here to Canada. They say hey nice knowing you a but just slow down Thresh slow down a little bit you'd have to wait your turn online Here's another fact that says remember when you used to play back to back recorded this for extended blocks at a time Lines you do that each morning after Howard showed to 11 a.m. that way people know if they don't they can tune into another clock they wouldn't miss a single word of your genius Those that do tune before they don't be hired entertain me I don't want to take comedy tips. They're cop us remember those. Well, what they did we do it to zero Wednesday Yeah, Wednesday we used to do the whole one to two hour shows what kind of management we got much of morons man. It was a cop out Because four hours was too long and now that we got stern on you're going to like the 1041 this morning. Thank you, how he Even though I have no idea what they're sure is all about because I don't listen. I'm not interested in lesbians. Okay, just I just don't care about that We are what you are and that's it, but you know listen to the steering show No, I'm in here Oh, I speak it a people on in a morning. I don't want to like rat on a poly again But we have a spy report from a squeaky tummy who's one of our very favorite people squeaky tummy impression says that Captain over to the bit called sofa King, I was sorry, I was at long origin there between yes very original poly and even when he fights it smells like somebody else is probably old run Everything that he does is just a riff off. You got to be stiller than you last year's months of man. You're prophetic castred over you are weak. We We have to be a good turn. I sure be interested in hearing that bit too because if it's so what I think it might be wouldn't surprise me that we like to complain the FCC is clear channels And again didn't when they're less with all those fines when they paid them off. I didn't learn your less money had to get stern off here No, considering putting a bunch of pornographic filth on the air. That's you castred over potty mouth loser old-tode Speak at all toes Howard Keill is dead here. They're celebrating death of the day. Haven't had one of these little while And we're hard keel. Of course you know it. He was 85 he was in Dallas You didn't watch Dallas For you need show that right Well, how do you like that? I forgot about that. That's record by somehow missed that cause I never watched the show anyway Now, let's see. J. Are you and Noah? What's his name from G. Edgar Indigene that's the Larry your hegeman. It's been dying for like two years now Every time the tablets come out there's another picture. He's like five minutes away. He needs a new liver. He ought to go on the Oprah show because everybody on the Oprah show gets a new liver Anyway, Keel died Sunday morning at his home in Palm Springs, California probably died because you don't want to see that Dallas reunion show He started Margers and Harrison musicals in the on the New York stage before we tuned the movies after WWE 2 It's been included kiss me Kate any get your gun and seven fries for seven brothers his career was you five and 81 we drove the castred Dallas How come they left out showboat? That's a one-time remember he was in showboat Howard Kiel got a big booming voice big We're a masculine manly guy the kind of guy that Pat Robertson and George Bush and James Thompson respect a lot He was a manly man Howard Kiel that old man River he was a one those guys anyway. Here's the pull from not over Friday Wasn't really a pull we did the pull in the first part of the show on Friday about how come so many Americans are religious Look at that nutshots stupidity what one by a million miles That in fact that's the problem with America stupidity ignorance superstition Just plain dumb dumb folks in them red states after there aren't some dumb folks in blue states by the way You actually was fixed that I mentioned it. I also want to mention the very sad story Kate was dead. Do you know that no You know Keto No, I just mentioned the OG story Amateur Oh, Keto Katelyn no come on and calls beloved dog Keto diesmously a name. It was named after Keto Katelyn The other end in the bad part of it is now. We'll never know the truth because he was the eyewitness to the double murder Probably OJ done it probably killed a dog The only eyewitness to the murders in the quittal gets to the OJ busted stories in the a and choir world of swiss if you're gonna love it They busted his ugly ass. I love it anything bad that happens to you OJ We love it here a QA man spread him of course those two or three but look at you about there still kiss in your ass like the water match A we love OJ See what happened to the other OJ look or you won't see her no more, okay? Better total lines sweetheart The only eyewitness to the murders of Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman is dead Keto Nicole's 11 year old a key to dog named after house guys Keto Katelyn passed away October 21 sure took a long enough to get the news out Keto died of old age Nicole's just been the East O'L. In choir and exclusive in room from her parents Dana point California home with the dog live for the past 10 years. He was part of our family But my mother jubba mutter jubba was especially close to Keto It sounds crazy, but we all felt that Nicole was nearby whenever Keto was around They're seeing the cool as a dog is that what they're trying to say yeah, thanks No, she was not a dog It's just a morning huh if you looked all right, she was okay. She was a little while by the time you saw her She was a little worn looking you know after the first 400 beatings The morning he died and he swoke up and walked in the kitchen usually Keto would jump up and mag his tail There's time he didn't she walked over to where the dog something realized the blood of Pooch was gone He was Dave my mother is devastated. We all are she said Keto was our connection with Nicole last very sad If I could rather had OJ die any day than the dog He died Any day the week we'd rather that OJ die a wicked painful death. I mean like like fall get thrown on the wheels of a semi Like this could rush crushed over and that would be too fast and you know too quick Yeah, that's right right over with a Ford Bronco with AJ if it would be good just an accident We hate you OJ okay. I wouldn't be surprised if there are people out to get you to I don't know I would be ashamed I wouldn't be surprised if there's people out to get that double murder work Look at them hold well again. It was a survey was a religion survey from Friday and over the weekend We got a lot of spots today, which is good 11 13 at QA I'm a little bit The state lost papia's take the Ramses and San Luis the bills beta jets. Can you believe that yeah? Go, Bill that was shocking. I'm sure that a lot of papia fans are real pleased to see that including some that I know like me Twenty five hundred eighty three people checked in on her pool and I waited till the Catholics told him believe you know See over the centuries Catholics about a way to do and I cuz they generally tend to make people laugh at it Can't refuse Yeah, what religion are you a member of not when you were born and do but what do you believe you know and basically We got Catholics which is I'm sure they had a spikkin that continued. We got out there who else would that be Huh to Irish Catholics now. What a supposed to be mean You yes me you are born a you don't believe in a crap now you were an altar boy. We're you know No, no, no, they would like to you Do you remember very popular? I'm sure with father-to-law What what I shouldn't put him a dendro while I was a good move Anyway, we're original you are what what what fantasy are you involved in Catholic 643 and not six thirty seven 80 is 500 holy moly you second or human espaceted you you're all gonna right now James Johnson's gonna tell you back He's gonna make the all burn and hell cuz he's a good Christian man who hates everybody Yep Reform you to oh seven oh Conservatives you 85 see the reformed you's in other words of ones that don't even own a bany much less wear one Conservatives you 85 the ones that call a hana hi hallways, but you know reformed you as just like they eat a little belly once they're while I'm extra Jewish So that back to 76 I did leave off Hindu. I apologize for that. I put sick on there And I don't know you guys wouldn't know the difference between a sick in a Hindu with you. Yeah, how about a sick Hindu? But I'm not I'm not in that Indian road and I don't very little about the now George or working day well, well I assume tomorrow He's the expert on furry tails some in back to 76 press material in 73 Lutheran 55 How's Martin Luther? Nothing as he kills a guy in the car can know whatever the hell I chose smallville I haven't watched that in a long time anybody watching that no, yeah, is it right you want are you? Yeah, no It's got much steam here lately all well, maybe I'll start watching again Lutheran 55 Methodist 54 Buddhist 42 rub boot on a heed Wicken 37 which one those is your favorite it fiscal 35 shinto we got Shinto people Quakers 25 I I don't even know what that is all I know is that Nixon was a Quaker look what happened to him What are Quakers and they eat oats the exactly the killer oats Muslims 20. Oh look out Christian scientists 15 worth an hour's you 15 Oh, I guess it's like a little snapshot has only like the percentage of the audience We will only hope a lot of the people audience the way this place is going Mormon's it doesn't well we started off slow in a moment Cause George pissed them all off years ago by talking about that magic under where we'll bet and make it fun of them One thing I would never do is make fun of people's fairy tales Sick eight we got eight sick people out there and they're probably the chronic colors 7th day at Venice eight and science colleges six positive points There's a six times all Shocking let's see be the curtain today. Well we sure have a lot of stuff It takes us to 1130 to even get the agenda going you know Right, which is good Short show okay, so I'm going to lunch and took a clock maybe a little sooner maybe Josh and Miguel will do the rest of the show starting it noon We'll play that piss like I got a song. Yeah, you're just like back to back bits, okay? Tibbles in bits and he ever hard who looks really nasty and I purchased you put on their Josh You like that picture You know she's a little pasty, but she's fine. She's not a little she's wearing a little pasty or oughta be anyone at and very Man, she is really see pasty didn't do it for me or I know we're not no matter what we're talking about Let me take it well first of all she's a right head right right well right off the back She's got 40 it's all the way to most of that real red think to look at the roots. It looks real to me. Yeah, it's real And she's in her face looks okay. There she looks a little demon She looks like a little like a little like Lisa Marie Presley Doesn't she The features of her face you're crazy a little bit less Flushy but she looks a little bit like Lisa Marie you're crazy and then she's got her hand on her left booby But the right booby is she I don't know that's kind of a saggy booby to me Pasty Maybe if I'm very she maybe she's worried of pasty, which is why she's covered up She has a lovely naval and any but of course we don't see below that Angie ever hard. There she is now who the hell is that? Well, you ought to know by now September 9th, 1969 she was born in which her 35 in Acrohile I would have how many votes they stole in her precinct Now it says she's never posed new to how much she made her grandmother, but the rest of her bio goes on to say this She was what was the movie she was in where she appeared nude I know that she was in boardello of blood. Nah. That's not the one. Oh, she was said well I said in for that part of it out. I never put the fez I can go on for hours about these frauds But she didn't appear nude in some flick. I don't know anyway cloud nine is in post-relection right now It's coming out next year her other work Hollywood's mom's mystery the cradle will fall How about the hand that worked to create? I was a great movie. Did you like that movie? I was a good movie and have you ever seen what that was her name that played the evil Rebecca tomorrow we're a bucket of morning if you ever seen her and hell over you together. That's the same person Now you're not gonna believe that either you didn't believe about Lisa Marie and this bitch You're not gonna believe that we're back into morning. It looks just like her real-time You don't think so stop and think about it. It's the same person the same miserable heatful bitch Longer way bowl bandido bugs First to die the real deal wicked minds bear witness Uh-oh hard to stone last crash. He dated a slice long for two months for a while back in 1995 or something like that Angie everhard and then she was embarrassed by that little tiny Yeah Titan's died and can't talk about that though. Please George get really upset Joyce for a life little time and she likes big and the manly Anyway, so the pull for today is See Well, that's right now. I apologize for continuing to be presidential things all the way. I will do another one tomorrow I was say this is the last one the one tomorrow has a well. I don't want to tip my hat Asked to do with his lines. The lesson this fixed the lesson again. Oh, it's our grace me I knew liberals hit now was fixed. I got 150 articles here to approve it And of course, they never crash so we roll over and play dead like they did last time and immediately just to totally ignore Is it there going on? I would have all looked at this here's breaking news Jane Iraq is She's in bed of error with US Army and Peluja. They're killing and nice to evil. There was maybe Appointing Phantom Fury. I'm so thankful with Uncle put that up there It meant something no matter what kind of insanity this administration in Barxon all the talking head networks right away Got some kind of glorious cliche operation Phantom Fury All right, and I'll have that that'll be on it for next-to-week or two Who would be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008? I know every guys we just finished this life-based election But it's certainly a lot of people already thinking about that aren't they? Yeah, yes, they are here's my shortlist so far You can add to it Hillary Clinton she looks just like Rebecca Demornay Rudy Giuliani yet Bush our fat ass governor tower dean Barack Obama or John McCain and that a good list so far. Yes, it is who would be the strong And regardless of who you loved or who you would vote for and then that's not the question But be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008 Hey Then chip how in the North Huffers It's all On inside the mind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story they have a long distinguished career But our key demographic doesn't remember it all they have to go on is this piece of crap? They were yes We've actually been playing together since 1969. Yes. Yes. Yes. You're answering my question Or are you just saying the name of the bat both so yes has been playing together since 1969 Yes, yes, yes, excuse me. I'm having an embolism after years of playing to a small coat following Yes, it's John Anderson new there was only one way to break into the big time What you said it's like a really horrible song? Yes, no, yes Oh And the cinnamon the song struck a chord with listeners the almost rebel only heart it is when you say give it Probably better than the owner of a broken art. No, yes, yes For a band with such a positive name they sure had a negative impact on my brain Make it So big Jesus I think that look at show business tonight. I'm inside the mind It's so I'm a 31 and five sixty nobody came here's a fact that says Former Republican Senator Alan Simpson from Wyoming who tried to pass himself off as a moderate all the time But of course he's from Wyoming which is Dick Jamie some state so what you expect Really got into what would Bill Marron fried in and although he supposedly pro choice against a constitutional amendment to ban game marriage All since and could do was Rages finger of Bill Marron say keep making fun of us and you'll never win another election again We'll fix them all as Marys said the Constitution should trump the Bible as far as running governments concerned it really is us against them Well, no, she makes you a lot How can we get you to the red space forget about them? Okay That's what you'll forget about the red space right am I? We got to get to two to some of those states that aren't really red states like Ohio where the thing was fixed Like Florida which two years two times in a row now I mean if they could get the amendments forced your weight where you know once you got to 30 2000 votes they started counting backward and you were losing votes I think it did that I think they do anything well we're gonna hold much of those stories Probably should take purple calls get some more names on the list here. We got a couple of pointers Every couple of appointments to decide before noon you're right forgot to do my big book here Come to Q and hello Well, thank you so much it sounds like one Oh, yeah, I was wondering if you'd be making a fun of a WM hello QM This is our social now W2M hello Hello, in the issue. Yes, not the warranty anybody Okay, sorry beautiful is about the 38 oh Oh, a little nippy little happy related birthday to you. Thank you I hadn't listened as much as I should have been. Why is that? Work a lot but stone a nice pool the whole nine yard well you better get with it man We can't afford we got all those rushed limb off crowd out there. We can't afford to be losing our I know that down there Look to look to the until the hunt and I also wanted to say I'm sorry about the passing of your mom. That's uh I know you are a newsman. It's true. Oh, I know. Why this is the eighth I understand But I haven't spoken you since then and I know you do I know you John like one That you can't be sexes right now I thought you didn't listen because you listen to Randy not us now. I listen to you But I'm a lady from the day before you're not pulling me No, no, no, no, but you do go up again You go up against the love doctors up here, so I kind of split in between the two The love doctors. Oh my god. Yeah, they're good. Hey, they love you. They speak very highly And you're under she'll are original material. Okay, John have a nice day. Get out of here I thought we get some more names for this poll. You know you people out there know one day one floor to man You're moving like that and don't be not getting the young people Michael Moore's it'll be on our website tomorrow You got a great piece about the young people came through thank God for them and they did Huh, I did this morning. You did something today. Oh, see sometimes I Send those Derek or anything can that they be on for tomorrow to get ahead of myself and now you're put them on there today And you go say well, I'll come even said as a bunch of stuff for tomorrow I will Well, it's good see Josh is right on top of the man that's because he's not answering the phones like he's supposed to be Just a joke So what they did that on the election day and it was okay. It was fairly panelists He just said don't ever make me do that again. Yeah, yeah Because he might really interested in hearing from the mob readers and they were whisperer and all the the Rice-bray guy Hi, hi, Ron crazy Ron project Ron at that crowd, you know W.A. And hello, yeah, I for the full on-source maker Yeah, okay, there's a good one for you. They have to make that customer remember first thing gonna happen yet So we don't put them on or put John Edwards on there. I'm sure somebody will say that eventually and put John Kerry on it again Two even those are very poor choice, but somebody would probably say that thinking oh, we're how close you came this time This imagine if you know we could find a few more than strip boat veterans Conservator rate you host the apologizes over slur a conservative talk radio host is not you want to make tell you my choices Renepold Who's that? I yesterday they had a couple interesting people first they had Barack of an offrister had Carl Roe The most evil. Where's that article? I have a book curl row what a nerd he was when he was in school with big giant glasses You know he was a class nerd and now he's trying to make up for it by being one day worst evil doers in the world He's been a hell of a job Also sets guys one gave their blessing to same-sex marriage. I realized that the United States of Canada just state ready, but Even a bunch of cowboy and redness and sex catch one up here Friday approved game marriage isn't that pathetic oh The Lord says it was anima that you not animan see you know about all the Southern craft It's another excuse for a hate that's all religion ever was meant all it ever will be making money and excuse for hate Bible says this is the Bible was written by primitive ignorant hateful people biggest Women couldn't do this and we had slaves all of the Southern craft. Don't confuse us with a truth because the Bible says this And anybody that starts preaching you to Bible man get the butterfly net. I'm so needy right James Thompson Pat Robertson all of these go in get their butterfly net Conservative radio host apologizes over slur no walkie A conservative talk lady of host is formerly a polymerized by using a racial slur on the end joking about it for a week Mark Billing never hit him you hear him now you use the word right back Good next thing you know have you seen spitconnier a duagatory term to describe illegal Mexican immigrants I won't be just a cabiner's a lot more. I don't know in a discussion on this October 27th Show about potential voter fraud and Wisconsin you watch the voter turn out on an ears house item a walkie heavily Hispanic and Compared to the voter turn out any other election You're gonna see every wet back and every other nonsense is not their voting you said He's our castedly apologizing to your last Monday Then joke about the situation for days and pull listeners about whether he should have apologized. Oh brother talk about needing some material The comments sparked the protest of 300 people Friday in the walkies WIS studios with broadcast buddies daily video talk show and cause one advertising a full answer from the show And as a apology released over the weekend building city would try to grow and be a better person based on the lessons my terrible mistake has taught me Yeah, fair. I'm and he blamed the error on arrogance It's clearly offensive and shouldn't be used in any context whatever class of Hispanic immigrant you're talking about Billing said it shows there for 15 years and we're gonna leave types of ratings in Milwaukee would have loved beard doesn't last use Yeah, Milwaukee, well Wisconsin carry one Wisconsin nearly whatever he wanted That's called the remote banks Oh, let's do your Friday. We had a story out about that bomb number Josh the bomb under the car when he would took to get a new mupper or whatever once right And he put it up on the lift and it was with a bomb a grab the entity the car We seemed like a strange coincidence and the one of the chances you take your car in a minus buffer Somewhere to get like this and worked on it and they put it up on the left and oh by the way Joe. You noticed there's a bomb under here. Oh What are your coincidence a Botsie device that's what it says here a boxy device everything we can say that anymore With wires and take that look like a bomb and force the evacuation of Hollywood neighborhood last Thursday It turned out to be a fake damn it and here. I thought we had something really exciting going on probably would be using our site That John and Lake Worthport calling the I just I don't get that and by the way if you heard from my Jeff Cohen at the pizza law play the no now Boy So many things I could say you just wait on my last show still authorities are investigating links to the Irish Republican Army and Self-loaded compatriots who raised money here and should guns to Ireland from local post offices I understand it one connection the geoprism Would be suspicious device under its bumper was once registered to Connor Claxton I are a gunrunner and Federal authorities want to know if Jim R. Panwar who now owns the cars being targeted because of his former ties to the IR AR A He was chairman of the Irish Northern A committee software to chapter a second late panorow has had living in contact with Claxton a few emails Since Claxton's release from prison about a year ago There are ways to 100 grand for the defensive class in three others who are prosecuted in 2000 for smuggling weapons in on the nation to Northern Ireland It was also a teeny to testify before grand jury regarding his knowledge the man known as the Florida four and the smuggling plot Next thing you know it will be Columbia bush will be smuggling more crap in It's not there how he can be driving the prison but he wasn't terribly ready to admit that it had been belong to Claxton It would be just my luck that through a total coincidence that Connor's car for narrow said on Thursday Panorow took the prison was mechanic they noticed something hanging off the rear bumper Hollywood police along with the FBI the Bureau of ATF and I called the Hollywood it could call to the Hollywood garage Examine what seemed to have been a very convincing fake the plastic boxes record black tape attached to the car with a Putty like material red and yellow wire Yeah, pretty good fake red and yellow wire snake from the box for the light fuse the car's license plate The sheriff's the BSO robot removed the box and blew it up Authorities including the FBI investigating some hot-rekept and Tony road in socials on about the island More that little time of the German a Catholics in the area of the Protestants Right, yeah, and there's still throw on rocks and those poor little kids all you want to do is go to school I'm not fried brick and I'm strawberry and I'm a thick dog music Powerances My No, you trying your baby no You pick the white one baby I can't help it It's gonna be one wonderful And your cage is suitable And they got no multiple You pick the white one baby I can't help it You can't help No white one baby You know who it is Why? You just got the baby You can't help it You can't help it You can't help it You can't help it You can't help it You can't help it If you're going to leave my vulnerable You're going to be vulnerable And left the blame for the bull You pick the white one baby I'm 46, so I left it myself The reason I played that is I was Smechanical Rovers on Eta Prechaist That I came like a real Nazi that he is a crazy person And then we had Barack Obama on your aim By him on your aim, by see that No, because you guys don't watch that crap He's great He is articulate He's kind of like the poor He's not too dark, he's not too light He's just right, he's particularly He's brilliant in being some of his feet And people will say, well he's an experienced Barack Obama Yeah, but guess what? By a 2008 or four years in a Senate And I think he's the man I gotta bring out a dark course If you're from another expression I'm pretty impressed And that's the point He isn't in fact, which I remember and his great speech He made it the Democratic Convention about The Red States and the White States and about how we have some gay friends And the Red States, he's a great person And he loves everybody who understands what America is Read all about this idea And I don't care who it is, but these idiots Like we haven't been at another source Well, the Democrats are going to have to start appealing to the middle of America In other words, you're going to have to outgoing your Republicans Well, I never going to happen They have to out the fanaticize Become more religious, that's not going to happen That's madness, that's not what the country is supposed to be all about anyway Barack Obama is the man And if they can come up with a good running mate Like maybe somebody could literally be already got wrapped up But can you imagine how many black folks would come out for that? Would be huge? Yeah, I need to know what that is Everybody And now who would be a good running mate? Somebody from the South See, that's a problem They just aren't that many contenders Somebody from the South I mean, you can't have both Richardson on here from an investigation Because that's the South's west, which is like what about three elective votes Have they all together? There's nothing out there For Graham back in there Bobby Graham, a whole week, 95 by 2008 He's a little shaky at this point By that time he ought to be like The Dips Door, love Bob Graham, he's great for no chance They should've done that this time, they don't want to go election That's true I'm telling you right now, is there anybody who disagrees They would have won Florida, hands down your pants By so much they couldn't have fixed it this time If they had Bob Graham on it, it said the very ineffectual John Edwards Who just kept reading them, tried cliches and talking points And the three by five cards He had nothing to say, he brought nothing to the table I shouldn't pick out another as wife He's got a press fan, so what's that kind of to do with it? Let's see, J. Fieler and Dave wants to That star and dumb and dumb founded For J and Dave, every game is an old brainer Jim Ed, which says four stars All right That's cute It's beautiful Okay, we get this on our website I wonder where that can, is this an art? It doesn't matter, I call it a two-door by email I'm going to burn He's going to copy George Fieler All great, you folks are going to want to see this It's beautiful, he's put He's put He's put He's put He's put He's put He's put He's put It's beautiful And he's put It's crazy He's put It's f16 fighter plane He's put He's put He's put He's put He's put Dune. Sorry. There must be some evil doersman at that school. The pilot was meant to fire the rounds and three and a half miles away at a military target range, Lieutenant Colonel Roberto Nietzsche of New Jersey Department of Military Veterans and Affairs over for his, and he jerseys short townships police headquarters. Oops. Nobody was injured as school was out in the long-tast opportunity and was inside the building with a bullet sit. Well, love those pinly ass butt-close and move, but he's okay. He probably was Kim the Freddie Cougar anyway. The damage was minimal as the not-escoding 20 millimeter bullets, luckily puncture marks in the school's roof and the asphalt outside the building. The fighter jet was part of 113rd teams, winged just with a combat air national guard assigned Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland, and investigated the conducted and had the pilot mischief the school located on Frog-Pond Road for a target range. Finally, Operation Phantom Fury is underway. The flu is a battle is underway, and it's gonna be a lot of dead people, which is why they postpone this till a few days after the American lesson. Because it just would have been bad PR, because it would have been a constant reminder that Mission has not been accomplished, that we're killing a lot of innocent people over there who would much rather be alive in living in a democracy, and a lot of our people are gonna be dead also, two Marines already dead. And this is Epescapaid. This has got to do with religion and moral values is fighting wars against people that did nothing to us, that didn't represent any threat to us. This has to do with moral values. The ultimate takeover of America by the religious nut job right. That's all it is. And so when somebody who pretends to be a moderate, like former, I always send her out on Simpson, I didn't see it, but if he comes on and starts threatening, well if you're gonna point to fingers at us, you may never win another election. What kind of crap is that? The Constitution and the Bible are separate, okay? Just ask the founding fathers, okay? They'll probably speak back to this so pissed off at his point. Some of you people just don't get it. And that's the one thing, man, about these Barbison agreement that I've always said, they won't leave everybody else alone. It's not sufficiently living a country where they can believe in their furry tales. No, that's not good enough. They gotta impose it all on the rest of us. The red states are gonna impose it on the blue states, and granted it made me a lot more red states, okay? That's one, with the exception of Texas and one or two others. Nobody will live as in most of the red states. Am I right? I mean, forgetting about Ohio and Florida, which had big populations in our not really red states because we know that we know that the Kerry are that the girl won't have a lot more than 2000 hands down. They're left there farms. Nothing can be fine that they've get out of Lima, Ohio. But anyway, the rice they're about to red Mexican farmers and in reds and Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Montana. I mean, just take a look at that freaking map. It's enough to make you bang. And those people are right. We have nothing in common with them. Nothing, zero. But you'd hypocrites about your phone number. You'd be busy listening to watching Bill O'Ran and listen to a wrestling ball pop of you. Pills of women just got the new shipment in. Don't do as we do, do as we say. That's their motto. Phone number only hypocrites. Just like that Jan and Paul Crotch, every single one of them. Man, I can't wait to find out Jim James Dawson's got a boyfriend. I can't wait to find that out. Probably miss Fudge. There's another one. And then, and Colford, they were afraid to her around yesterday on the talking edge. She was talking crap, talking swill. And in one of the lines, she said, I was hooked up by breakfast. About how well is it? We finally discovered this is a Christian country after a... It's not a Christian country, you stupid, dite bitch. What is wrong with you, honey? Well, it's pretty obvious. How come it is that these right-wing women? None of them have a husband. They're talking about families and family values. None of them have a husband. I don't know what do you want. Check it out, Convallies. Eli, son, I said, she don't have no husband. Get her, are you little girl? What about Laura Ingraham? Is she married? What about, uh, and Colford? I don't think she's got a husband. She's got a boyfriend, Miss Fudge. Who and a how are you, people, kid, and phony, baloney? And I sure hope that you fags are real happy the 22% of you that voted for Bush. Now that he says, look at the article a little bit later, Bush, this he gave marriage man in the new term. Oh, yeah, that's a very pressing issue. Religious leaders prepare demands on the White House. They're not letting any grass go under their feet, okay? They're wasted no time getting in there. They want to turn the clear country upside down on your head, man. Turn it into board again America. Be the laughing stock in the world and of course we're already the most dangerous country and what do they want to make it a hundred times more dangerous? Wait to hear this, speaking to the operation, what do they call it again? Phantom Fury. Operation Phantom Freakin Fury. With US forces massing outside Falugia, 35 Marines swayed the Christian rock music as Jesus Christ and protectment, it would be the biggest battle since American troops in the Middle Black Lives Matter. I thought mission was already accomplished. I thought it was done. Men with buzz cuts and credit or camouflage waived their hands in the air. M16 assault rifles beside them and chaired that heavy metal flavored lyrics and praise of Christ laid on Friday and the yellow brick chapel. They counted among thousands of troops surrounding the city of Falugia, seeking soluses they waited a rocky promise to her, he had always the season of whether or not to invade Falugia, which since then of course he said, go ahead, jam. You see, of course, his are pink. You are the sovereign, your name is Holy. You are the pure spotless land of female voice cloud out in the loudspeakers as the Marines packed their hands and closed their eyes. We're flakily on one lay ahead for them. Jesus is all right now man, Jesus got to get him and we'll bring him now gifts and showed him books what it's all about. The US military with many soldiers coming from the conservative American south and in West has deep Christian roots, no shmit. In times that fighting looms many soldiers around their evangelical or born again heritage to help them face the battle. It's always comforting church attendance is always up before the big poise had first started miles backward. Sometimes all you got is God, he said. If we in a service is electric guitar with a just tunes, Marines stepped up on a chapel small stage and we said a diverse as scripture meant to fortify them for war. Once spoken to the world testament hero, a shepherd become Israel's king, family and millil steams 3,000 years ago. Thus David prevailed over the Philsteams and Marines said, reading from scripture and the Marines shouted back to rock, king David, using the signature grunt of approval. The old back to arrive, thought they said, that's what I thought they said. The Marines knew parallels from the first with their presence situation where they preceded himself as warrior-spiting barbaric men opposed to all that is good in the world. How you like that barbaric men? Victory belongs to the Lord, not the American Red, their chaplain named Horan. Told a worship for the West station outside the Louisiana Wackies, feeding from oppression from rape torture and murder we asked you God of blesses and effort. The Marines then lined up in their chapel oil to protect them. He said, the spirit of Christ protects you. Necure, God's people would be anointed with oil, the chaplain said he's likely dead to oil them, Marines for his. The spirit of Christ compels you. Everyone killed these evil doers. How about get them? Go kill some people. It's on 57 at 5, 60, W. Q. M. if we get with the original Boz Ray radio in 1993, popular science called a sonic marvel. Now Boz is engineered into a whole new standard and producing the brand new Boz, the wave music system and reproduces a one-half octaves lower musical notes plus even greater instrument to the definition. The sleek new design features no buttons that's got a convenient credit card style remote enough controls all functions including FMAM radio and a new slot loaded CD player or is it not loaded? A new slot loaded CD player called Boz directly in 1-800-560-43832 to order what they would know back the gadget prices can easily replace whatever components system you currently have. Order today in the shipping is free. That's correct. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan, the list you may convenient monthly payment choosing your own major credit card with no interest from Boz. A risk free trial guarantees your satisfaction. You got nothing lose. You want to hear it in fact, maybe even the show was sound pretty good. If you want to hear the new Boz Ray music system call them full free right now, say no risk trial, 1-800-560-43832. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 1-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-560-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 2-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan. 3-800-43832, many call me should have asked about the new Boz payment plan.