I am out of hell, I am not thinking about you! I am out of hell, I am not! I am out of hell, I am not! I am the boy that's making me feel horrible! That makes me feel free to make my life feel full! I am around here for nothing, you are out of hell, I am not thinking about you! I am out of hell, I am not! I am out of hell, I am not! I am not! 1042 at 560 WDK, a warm-up time for VDR of your show. And what's the deal? Because that was just a butt-up brup as we've ever had. What was that all about? They told me to stand by when I was on. Really? A few seconds to wait from the time they hit the ID from the name. What tell us that? Just to keep you on your test. Josh. Well, I'm not on my toes, I'm on my fat ass, I feel like that. Anyway, now what's the deal with the brakes? Are we doing both brakes? Are we going to be a drunk or a weak brake? It's going to be a weak brake. Now, is it a weak brake? But we got to get into the lives of spots because see, we're not doing the show with the 11 o'clock for anybody who's been absent without leave. So we just kind of like fill in the time. If you haven't put me into call between now and 11 o'clock, you better get your calls aligned up so when we come back from the weak brake. We can get to you. Then 11 o'clock will start with our business. I will say that not, but I'm not saying. I don't want to tip our hand. You know, I'm talking about right. Don't tip a canof. Don't give no information that we're going to start with 11 o'clock. Because then the people that tune in 11 o'clock, actually, hear the show or like, like, what's going on? That's what was happening, I guess, for a while there, to the way I finally wise up and said, hey, screw this man. This staggered starting time. As we joined the list of the QM screw-Ease man. Let's do that pull again. I went over really big. So, of course it was management. 1044 happy Thursday, 2 o'clock, I'll get to Joseph Gaki for the Humphrey 4. That's a sad. There's a guy can stop. Yeah, we know. A Herkun Hotline at 7 o'clock, the big, oh, the quarter that could point in Beach from in his fast pace at 9 o'clock in any K from 11 o'clock at 2, very strange schedule. Right now, I'd like to tell you about my friends over at Gueranty mortgage backers in your field Beach. With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them, they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently, these folks helped out a list of bars who never dreamed that you'd be able to qualify to buy his own home. Now, we're right with they able to qualify him. They were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get and work closely with him to determine which was best and then made it happen. As Gueranty mortgage backers in your field Beach, you can wait him pull free at 1-800-734-6616. Whether you be looking for an interest only loan, a 30 year fixed rate or they may be low rate adjustable mortgages, Gueranty mortgage backers in your field Beach has exactly what you're looking for. They offer you payments as low as 532 bucks per every 100-day barrow. Gueranty mortgage backers not only will they make it happen for your mortgage, but they can also send you out of crews in a will. Because after closing your loan with Gueranty mortgage backers in your field Beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven night crews as compliments of Gueranty mortgage backers what's not to like. Call them right now 1-800-734-6616. Whether you're looking to buy a new home and investment property, we find it your current mortgage, Gueranty mortgage backers. Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty mortgage backers, Gueranty go cards, maybe they'll score a one but I doubt it. What a pathetic little series. Nice going on your Red Sox fans out there which I haven't done a lot of dirt many. But for it I was just boring. No excitement, no nothing, right? I agree. I mean I guess you don't get it over with fast. Cardinals just rolled over and played dead. And now one of the Red Sox fans going to bitch about. I mean it'd been hanging on this thing since 1918 for the Bambino curse and what we're going to do now and now are they going to crap about. So it's going to be a big good New England sweep this year. The Patriots go on undefeated when the Super Bowl and then the Red Sox have already won a world series and then of course next Tuesday carry Wednesday elections. So it's not like. 567 you don't have to have an appointment by the way. We only have about five or six minutes here if you have something really important for us. What? Well the people that already made the appointment. We should let them in first. Yeah that's true. If you do have an appointment, we'll put you in the front of the line. 5670560, pound 560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. I don't see much going on there. QA and hello. QAM? I'm a host of BF. Okay, it was week yesterday it's even week today okay? You're pathetic. I think that's the honey and palli gun. I'm not really sure which retard that is you know. It's the load of planes that he voted. It was an endless good news if you let him vote to let anybody vote. WQA and hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Okay great. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes. Are you doing my friend? All right. Hey, let me tell you I wasn't one of them. Absolutely. We got a whole bunch of colors logged in with the appointments to call in today. Everything is beautiful now. See? Oh we're fine. No thanks to the local heads. They just didn't know idea. They just jumped right in. Don't look down there in the pool to see if there's any water. When it just jumped from that 30 30th store story, we're not turning back. Maybe 25. Okay. This makes sure Barbara Carrera Carrera is our being a curlated day. She was born December 31, 1951 which makes her an old bag makes her 53 almost 52 in three turds. She was born in Managuadika Raguah. Nicaragua. Whatever happened to Isabella Cassada and Alas squeak. Go ask him to hear what happened on a squeak and her big fat ass. He said she had a great ass, right? He did say that. He did say. Anyway, she's old bag. But the picture we got is from some time back and to say fine photo if you asked me and believe me, I know. She was in paradise. Yeah. Isn't paradise? I don't remember. There must have been more than one movie named paradise. Well, this isn't paradise with really aims and your girlfriend. He be. Okay. He be. Kate's. Panic 2001. She was in Tuku Cafe. She was out to the rescue waking up Horton. Now, of course, was about Tim Horton. Or maybe it was about Willie Horton and Michael DuPakas. So that was about Horton. The elephant. Love is all there is. The rockford files. Godfather knows best. That was a TV. A deal. Of course, Russian roulette Moscow 95. Sobones. That would be archer trist point of impact. Well, she's got a lot of good stuff. Her. She was even an Emma Queen of the South Seas. Remember that queen? Mm-hmm. Lakota moon murder in paradise. What if that queen was kind of built to mow? Under achievers Dallas wild these two sins of the past never seen ever again James Bondial. Loan wolf McQuade. I have a jury condor man, my side. Oh, now we can't fight Isabella Crestada, but we've got my side. I think. I wonder if the Kennedy is really my side. What do they say? Probably a due plot. Okay, so that takes your your beating crew in there. It'll give you something to do for a couple of minutes. Don't forget. I forget that we still have it on there. Can we get that Olympic swimmer with a booby? Let's get that off of it. All right. It's kind of. Oh, it's one of my favorites. It is. Ah, but she's grow test. What's the I was thinking about? I got to get beyond that her knee there and give them a lot more to do all of a. After this we're putting the brain back and bushes head. They can play with the like mad dogs. Says, come on, a photo of these. He's, you know, she can't say that no more. Or in just cordia, just a rural your mouse around on it. And watch them move. Here's one of the really great stories to show what's happened to America. The great united, the great, uh, a compassionate conservative as brought America together like never be full. Baby, you bet. I love this story. West Palm Beach, an 18 year old Marine recruitment remained in jail yesterday. Charge with threatening to stand his girlfriend over her choice for president. Channel five reported in his new broadcast yesterday. The enlistee Steven Scott's super. Certainly, I hope he's no kid to our good friend fat box. So far. I'm sure he's not. No. Steven Scott's upper of like where it became enraged two denied when his 18 year old girlfriend said she was leaving him and voting for John Kerry for president. So per who led her the Marines as soon as he passes the GED test. Salad a supports bush or he had some pasted GED was got out of camera with a friend. You're a field. You're led to the told girlfriend Stacy Ciela hera. You'll never live to see the election. Palm Beach Sheriff's office dip in these called him a home and lake where it said they had to use a taser and let the price stun gun to send you so for a tata scrap to press and rage and say was holding still her a captive. He was on the the screwdriver and threatening to stab her in the necklace and when still her eventually broke free a W fire detaser. Shot in the middle submission. Charge with aggravated assaults are for means in jail with our bottom to the other goes to suck you for exam channel five. So why you like that? You're voting for Kerry. You won't live to the election day bitch. Well, that's great news because now he won't be voting but she will. That's a good point. So there's a net one plus for Kerry. The early voting in the van. By the way, Kerry's ahead. I have no I read that thing. I don't know if that's illegal what they're doing. How are they counting votes? Well, there are seven thousand votes ahead to the early voting in the absentee. I don't get it. Over to this. This is good that you just sent for the well, let me do first. Yeah, boy, got too much stuff now and we only got two hours and fifty minutes left minus the next to several breaks. Here's the poll today. What campaign issue is most important to you now? Some people are probably saying, Yeah, that's all he talks about anymore is a bullshit. Gary, Gary, why don't it? It'll be over a couple months when they finish coming to the house and fixing it all up again. And it'll be a relief when it is. Oh, yeah, I agree with that. Let's do it now. What campaign issue is most important to you? I've got a list. Iraq, religious extremism, civil liberties, jobs in the economy, Cuba, Israel, oil, semisail research, abortion, none, get it over with already or the draft. We get a lot of votes for none of these, get it over with already enough already with this crap. Now, what we better do the break like I said, never do that. About a voice-moted voted movie villain of the year. Now, voice-moted voted movie villain of the year. The shooting done a stop by the pocket of resistance. The game is getting way too hard. We got a bunch of strong attacks. Without the mob risk, no one's failed. The game has been voted in the green lane. We've got someone else to take. My way started I made. I can't listen to the job. I can't listen to the job. I can't listen to the job. I can't listen to the job. I can't listen to the job. I can't listen to the job. I order those of the president. Don't want to do that. Now, all of this get a ceasefire underway. What's a consensus on world round? So much, and enough of this, for it I think we're done. That they nothing ain't do the job of shooting off our guns. This way you don't look like a mob stop failed. Then my reelection's name. We're finished trying to lie to him. We're talking to the two shots. We're talking to the two shots. We're talking to the two shots. We're talking to the two shots. We're talking to the two shots. 118 bandos from the rest figure left. Millions groups said on websites that they killed 11 more. Rocky National Guard members. Millions said they'd be hit at one of their victims in shot 10 others. The group, the army of Ancir Al-Suna, has spent responsibility for several attacks and kidnappings that it can have been seized recently and a high would be between Baghdad and Al-Hila. They'd be saying. For more than that, Rocky soldiers, we don't have a job. Things are really fine. Everything is just like they've tanned. He said, this is one of the greatest pieces of work in history. Nobody said? Something like that. Quite the compass. He thought of it as a crabb. Now in London, president George W. Bush may see himself as defender of democracy and compassion in conservatism, but film fans have voted to him. The movie Villain of the Year. The American acts as an evil fighter as wooing voters with security pledges ahead of the presidential election Tuesday, but it was Bush's role in Michael Moore's Furnit 911 film that one of the villainous title. In a pool for a total film magazine, the US leader fought off competition from such well-known baddies as atomic scientists Dr. Octopus from Spiderman 2 and pets in the other face from the Texas chainsaw massacre. The overwhelming response of our leader's voting Bush Tom Villain just goes to show how frightening people found him in Furnit 911 total films editor Matt Mueller said he was absolutely terrifying in that film. The infamous scene where he's informed about the twin towers attack while visiting a school and since they're absolutely paralyzed, is enough to start fear and do anyone's heart. He said, It's so low, little bit correct. The answer is, you got a little extra time on your hands once you're through looking at Barbara Correa and moving in boobies around on the meat on our V-deferting page. You can go back to theillirrideges.com and right there out near the top. It's a beautiful thing I love that. That's that war my all-time favorites. We ever had on there. We've tried to drop the brain into Bush's head, and if you're lucky enough to pop that baby in there, hey, he comes up with some really great information for stuff. He says a bunch of dumb stuff. I'll speak in a dumb. This could be the greatest fraction of history in the human race. I watched it as crap yourselves in real time. We got that as much of a different JC as crap it. I'm talking to the audience. Oh, oh, I'll always strapped in. It says true story. I was talking to a young Republican yesterday and by young, I mean about 24. The conversation soon turned to Hawaii. When the young lady said without rage, I don't understand why Hawaii gets to vote. Yeah. One week after Bush lecumist that the insimic class I replied, well, every state in the union has a say in the presidential race to which he explained, when did they become a state? Is this guy the accepting of the ruler or a typical Republican party voter, you decide? How do you like that? Also says, why can you play a bit about farting, but you can't play the fart drop? I mean, I think it's about that. Also, he says, I swear I hear somebody riff on it and one of your bumpers. This is not as the bumper pushing it out of the way, but you're right in the Jewish can hear it. Was he speaking to you? Was it? How are you? What are you going to do? What was that? Like this story too. I got a little frog. I finally got where I overcame that pole. I almost got. But it wasn't even a quote. It was the change of season. How are you kind of crappy? It happens every year. I'll understand it's still a hundred and ten degrees in the shade in certain parts of South Florida. What I'm hearing. Man says live-living bath was to save marriage. Here's an idea for George. Yeah, I'm taking notes. Across Wisconsin, a man who said he threw a live electrical wire in his wife's bath, hoping a near death experience was to save their marriage was convicted of attempted first to be intentional homicide yesterday. William Dalby said in court he was only trying to scare his wife the evening of May 9. He told George the wire was hooked to a ground fault in a ruptured design to cut the electricity when the court encountered water. His wife was not heard. Prosecutor said Dalby was trying to kill his wife to start new life with another woman. You go, boy. Dalby's wife Mary testified to the dead that her husband drew her bath after they spent to be taking her walk in a long motorcycle ride. Lossie took her bath. He was been came into the bathroom and dropped the court in the bath. She said he jumped out of the bath but her husband tried to push her back in the tub. She got free. This sounds like that movie. Don't it? It does. Fadelot Trash is what it sounds like to me. But then she just wouldn't go down man. Also the spirit. She jumped out of the bath but her husband tried to put her back. And she got free went out of the bath. Her husband was also convicted of intimidation of victim was scheduled for sentencing the number 10. Now, not only actually have a few people listening. Now we got a little bit of organization going. Here is the story that is going to set your ass free. Man, you're going to go nuts. This is from the BBC of course. Like our friend Greg Polas. New Florida Hook scandal fear. Now they actually had this on an SMBC last night. And how come we're out seeing us all over the place today? Can only be because the American media wants to get us covered in it up? A secret document obtained from inside and the reason that they obtained this by the way they sent to the wrong website. Did you see the story? No. A secret document obtained from inside Bush campaign headquarters in Florida, a suggestive plan, possibly in violation of US law, to disrupt voting in the state's African American voting district to BBC news night investigation reveals. Oh, I thought blurb on that. Two emails prepared for the executive director of the Bush campaign in Florida. And the campaign's National Research Director Washington DC contained a 15-page so-called Beijing list. It would have puffed those dark posts in the cage. It lists 18 and 86 names and addresses of voters in predominantly black and traditionally democratic areas of Jacksonville. And Lekton supervisor in tele-hassy when tone the list told news night. The only possible reason why they would keep such a thing is to challenge voters on Election Day. And Jeff Bush just got through saying, oh, that may not be such a bad idea. Especially if it's close. Eonsancio would never quite noted that Florida law allows political party operatives inside polling stations to stop voters from obtaining a ballot. Then they may only vote for visionally after signing an Affidated Attest in the League of Oden status. Next challenges have never occurred in Florida in D.C. Mr. Sancho, and at one challenge has been made to a voter in the 16 years, have been supervised by revolutions. Quite frankly, this process can be used to slow down the voting process and cause chaos on Election Day and this storage voter is from voting. You see once again, if you're second 2000, the Republicans don't want everybody to vote because they don't think they do their asses grass. There is ten to find and they've done finito. Screwed and tattooed. Central calls it intimidation and it may be illegal. Yeah, I'm looking back on them. Have I heard you heard? Let that set or stop them. The list of Jacksonville voters covers an area with a majority of black residents. U.S. federal law for aim is targeting challenges of voters even if there's a basis for the challenge. If a race is effector in targeting the voters, oh, that couldn't possibly be a credit. When asked by who's that for next election, the list of Republicans, folks people can't list merely records return mail for me their fundraising solicitations. Are we turned letters sent in newly registered voters to verify their addresses for purposes of Maine and campaign literature? Republicans state campaign spokeswoman, Mindi Muddertucker, flatter state list was not put together the word acclaimed a challenge was but refused to say would not be used in that manner. She did acknowledge though that the parties poll workers will be instructed to challenge voters where it's stated in the law. There was no explanation to watch such careful matters would be sent to top officials of the Bushmanist campaign in Florida and in Washington. In Jacksonville to determine if Republicans were using the list of other means of intimidating voters, we filmed a private detective filming every early voter, the majority of whom are black from behind a vehicle would black that windows. The private detective claimed not to know who was paying for his holiday services. On the scene, Democratic Congresswoman Karine Brown said the surveillance operation was part of a campaign of intimidation tactics used by the Republicans to intimidate and scare off African-American voters. Almost all of whom as we know our registered Democrats, Kamalini's take Kamalini's take control. Our emergency, our emergency, our emergency, our emergency, our emergency... That's the money tune yet. Have enough to lecture officials left you, computer, series your guys to understand how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it could be. Let's get started, shall we? Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Mermel's team. Who are you voting for? I'm leaving. You're I see. Now, read the butterfly baller starting with Bush J.D. and the left column. You can, and tickle-group, or, mangala, I've made any bubbles in the right. Where's our label? Over there. This guy goes, guys. Yes. Is this the guy who makes my baby food? No. Now, simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac deep punch guy. Okay. Wait, over there. Here. Use this microscope. Okay. Is that it? No. Okay, how much again? Is this so? No. Is that invalidate your vote? No, I can. I'll punch you again. No, no. You can't do that again. I'll punch you. I'm gonna be a awesome quick match. Are you? You're a great match. I'm not gonna be a good match. I'm not gonna be a good match. I'm not gonna be a good match. I'm not gonna be a good match. Remember, Karl Razzes, you want to live in Florida? Exercise your rights of both in accordance to the little brother. 113 votes on the poll so far, which campaign is to his most important to you. John's in the economy 38, civil liberties 27, Iraq 19, religious extremism 15. I was my vote of course. None of these get over with already eight. Stem cell research too. The draft one, abortion one, Israel one and Cuba. Thank you, but. So many uno. Let's just say you just passed here. How did we? I'll give you this a line of first. Work for the QM van right now. Right as I speak, if the shell station could or parlon a commercial bullard, stop out of pickup and tear tickets to check out absolute fighting championships this Saturday at the Wilma Memorial Auditorium in Florida. Got it. Right now quarter of a car line of commercial look for that QM van. Right now. Rich says I need your help. I'm trying to find out which early voting station in big county is open this week. And I've tried to call the election to determine numerous occasions. Those friggin' fake results on answer the phone. I'm at work. Don't have access to the net. I was sticking and going to mommy city hall to the Gables library. Please help a lot of both for carry in for this last and on going this weekend of vote. Well, we can find that out. Somebody will tell us right? We hope. Right now. We don't have a, he's not your computer right now. Got it. Got it. It's someone to call. Some of them will call and tell us this weekend that we're so open. I think they're all open. The ones that are open. Sure of it. But nevertheless, somebody will fact, they'll call, they'll whatever. Just calm down, Rick. I speak in a voting on the, of the amendment four. Yes, of course. I'm getting some feedback about some of the anti all brought you talk about neurotic repetition. The anti gambling propaganda that's going on in your commercials on local TV, I'm freaking believe him. I'm acceptable, ridiculous. Oh, if we have those small machines that's going to bring an organized crime and it's going to bring in violent crime and drugs. Oh, my God. It's only going to be at the seven per mutuals for quite a lot. Well, do you think they're going to bring back a highman Roth? Well, what are these people? How can they continue to use the same rat? It's the same old lies. And of course, we all know who's behind it. You know, all the people with the vested interest first of all, you got your religious nuts. That's an other story. But then you got the people who are trying to protect our little empires. The Mickey Erwiss and the Indians, the Bahamas crowd. Oh, we don't want to have no slot machines at the per mutuals because they'll bring it all those of you. Bahamas don't have all those evil things over there to Bahamas that they're warning everybody about. That don't have all those evil criminals there at the Indian casino. There are. Yeah, I want to crack a crap. Okay. I go out here to wood by and all the time. So there's slots. It's just clean. You can go off the floor, baby. Evil? Yeah, right. There ain't nothing evil about it. And it's just safe you could walk around in there with 80, $100 bills hanging out of your pocket. It's the trail. They might take one or two. Yeah. So don't get sucked in by that bullcat. And by the way, Berkeley, I've got your facts on what they'll say on all the about it. I see it. She means right. She just confused. I see her role in that place. Speaking of that issue, amendment 4, which you will vote, yes, on of course, because only an idiot wouldn't want all that money for education. And if Florida voters open the door for slot machines in Broward and Dave Counties, the Tracks and Front Concestive benefit, have signed an agreement to hand over 30 percent of the slot profits to school throughout the state, even if the state legislature never votes to let be a tax on them. 7 per mutual facilities in the two county or in-dane Broward of Sunday Legal Agreement with a Florida School Board of Association, the hand over profits that they estimate could reach 438 million in the first year and 2.5 billion over five years. There's been a lot of talk about wanting to guarantee this money goes to school, said former state education minister Jim Horn was a Howard spokesman in favor of amendment 4. There's been a lot of cynicism and questioning of motors, so today we're putting our absolute guarantee on it. How do you like that? Opponents of the proposed amendment, which has state voters to let Broward and Dave Counties hold local referendums, a weathered or a spanned gambling, called a move a desperate attempt to swing voters in the final decades of the campaign. Right. They know that we're in striking business, and if they can pick up a couple of percentage points on one of these ideas it works, said state representative Randy Johnson has faith that we have that story on there today, outing his phoniness, who takes money from the per mutuals business against amendment 4. Randy Johnson, Republican of celebration slaughtered Chairman of the Orlando-based no casinos. Recent polls show that state voters are more amenable to supporting the slots proposal if they feel assured the promised dollars will actually go to education, expected gambling efforts have been defeated three times in the past 26 years, but this is the first time the proponents have asked the profits for you to help schools. It is just incredible. Where is the line to celebrate kids from gambling Johnson asked? How will they deliver the money? Will Tony soprano just deliver it to the back of the schoolhouse to resume? Let's scare them. It's going to be that mob. Now, your land's going to use going to quit walking his dog on Collins Avenue, and he's going to drive right to your kids' school. Horn said the performance are hoping to avoid any comparison of the state lottery, which has sold the voters in 86's as a way to help fund education. A men and four is not the lottery, he said the lottery's raised bidden's for public schools, but legislators use those dollars to replace other tax dollars that had been funded education. A men and four specifically, however, required the dollars raised through slot machine taxes to use to supplement education. Wayne Blanton, Executive Director of the Florida School of Sports Association, said Florida's public schools are woefully underfunded. We rank in the bottom 25% nationally and at the same time have unprecedented demands twice upon us, and then we'll go a long way to help all our schools. Under the agreement, the school board association would distribute the money to all 67 school districts using the state education funding formula. The school board association need law promised it would ensure there is public oversight of how the money is distributed, and annual public audit of how it's spent. Are you like that? Be careful, thanks. How could you not like it unless you're a lunatic, unless you're either a religious fanatic, and if you're religious, then what are you doing as a track in a first dice? By the way, the four horses are going to win. I'm just passing along the tip. I don't know about race or what day or, you know, what track, but check out the four. I look out for the six of it's more than 10 to one. Rourer to recent thousands of this, I better take you call her to, I think I missed a couple of appointments. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Pretty good. How are you doing? Oh, good. I'm voting yesterday at the early voting, and I want to share something you were nervous. Yes. All right, this may not work in date counting, well, probably won't work, but voting is Spanish. Now, of course, you got to study the ballot. Just go to do that anyway, if we get there. But I was there yesterday, and I was like an hour and a half late, and then I'll hang out. And the lady comes down and says, whoever wants to vote in Spanish, it might not appear. Here is me as a scanners. So, I think, what the hell? This is the same ballot in an out 10 minutes. There you go. There you go. I'm going to go to the ballot box. But we have some taxes on it. They do the same thing. I mean, how much I do understand? No, and see how it's seen. That's it. The numbers will same. The names are the same. Right. No, no, no, no, no. They've changed to protect a scotty map. Right. No, we're here. Specializing, how a good job. Go to the end this weekend. We need to find out for that guy, Rick, this weekend where he can go. And I'm sure this audience has always delighted to tell you where to go. Power to recent 1000 missing Fcnt. Valets were getting bad. Green dog was on an awful Larry control. I said don't do that again, Marine. He's a prosthetic. We built Sapphire. They all Sapphire. Oh, God. What are some of these greetings going to Croco already? Sure, this engine. Neal, Russia. We're going to get a solution for the car. On 56060. For you, A. Can. 599. 599. You're going to get that nice red vintage name. Now, I want to get to the top of the door. The top one. There's a lot of face to face. You wear a crack and sit in back. I would never breath. Oh, oh, black hole. Of the spoons of gold. That may appear there. That's where I hope it's going to be. Don't you move by to the field field. You can't wait to see the real group. You're just momentary. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. You can't be. Don't you move by to the post. It's snow almost day, days the disc had gone by, but it too 40 years, 12 days. We're totally safer. They've got to get us confused and got to save the head and me. You may have been adamant for his honome moation. It's okay, a little bit. You can't look down on mother's body and land for you. No, couple's trying to make a difference. Come and get us a brave man away from him and ask him. It's too late now. Oh, I hope that boat, who I bought you ever though? I'll just be your race pushed out the planet Open the saddle, please. So grab it, they pick it to the street And the bad hit, where could I let steal the boat? We should be shooting, and try to take this before I choose a game Can you tell me? Are you a boy who made four to the town of Blackbowl? We don't want no less expensive boat, and I'll tell you that. Remember, Republicans, we don't want none of them, folks. Go ahead. Pick yourself. We shall, and that's their motto though. We want to get a lot of people out to boil, but only if they're nice white folks who are always support the president. Michelle said it is on NPR, they had a story. All things considered as a name of the show I guess, since he was new at the end. Yes. Hispanic voter registration is challenged in Joja. Oh, we don't want no spiss and spoofed, Colton. Three white residents in rural Georgia, probably an aim tree. Have challenged most Hispanic voter registration in their pre-sting charging their fraudulent. Most of those challenge about, ready to prove in their legal status of voters, but one wants a public hearing. And then there's a thing. There's a story, Pam Fesley reports, which you hear her story? There she is. There is. Michelle said it's a must listen to. I was right to steer when I heard this on NPR. I'm going to put that up there. And I'll be there later. And here for Rickle must have found out where to vote this weekend. Rickle, problem. Here's the fact that says the best place in the day counted a vote is downtown and the Stephen Clark building. If I see him, have another one. Steve and Clark building. One letter north was first read. No lines. No waiting. They'll be open Saturday and Sunday. One to five p.m. All other locations are crowded with long lines. But not this one for whatever reason. I guess probably because it's downtown. And we've got to want to go downtown, right? To do it Clark. What person is it's right. Monterbuss. So there we go. Stephen Clark building. One of the north was first read. Saturday and Sunday. One to five. Then we got somebody facts. Which we've thanked them. A list of all the early voting locations in the county. It was not going to take the time to read them all. I'll just give you like a the North. We do the library. The North Miami Public Library. Lemon City Library in Limone City. North East Library. On Aventura Boulevard. Miami Beach City Hall. But they're all going to be open this weekend. Rick all the early voting phase. They're open Saturday and Sunday. One to five. West Miami City Hall. Coral vehicles library. South they'd regional library. Florida City City Hall. West they regional library. West Kendall region library. Miami Lakes Public Public Library. Kendall Branch Library. Model City Library. Coral reflibrary. City Miami Hall. And North Shore Library. And a lot of places. Okay. So Rick no excuses baby. And don't just be voting. Four or five times. You've got to make sure you vote a whole bunch of times to make sure it gets counted. I've heard of man. You've got it. Now. For our Theresa and thousands of missing action team battles. And of course if they were sent out originally on the 7th of late October and yesterday was the 27th. Okay. Think about this. If they're resending thousands of them out and the election is Tuesday. What? What are the odds that you're going to get in the, uh, you see what I'm saying? And they're going to get in the turn. Okay. And it's just, uh, here's a whole bunch more of these. Okay. Why don't please enough of those locations already, right? Plenty of locations to go and vote early and often. Hoping to vote another presidential election for you ask, go fat chance. Brown County official, let's speak at a front fat chance. There's Brenda Snipes. Look at that. Totally moly. Brenda, I hate to break the news. You have to think you got Maria of Elephant Disease. I think you're rough. off on it. Brown officials scrambled yesterday to replace tens of thousands of missing action team. Valets cut long, wait for early voting and beef up a phone system. That's been very used with calls from angry voters. Angry voters, man. They're not going to put up with this. This is silly election again this time. Diamond's mother. Elephant. Elephant. He's taking the vote. A day after acknowledging that up to 58,000 absentee ballots have not reached the voters who request to them. Election's stupid advisor Brenda Snipes decided to mail new ones. She'll pay extra for overnight delivery of those sent outside Broward. And the vote was in the office of ensuring voters can return them before Tuesday's deadline. In a hopes of ensuring I love that sentence, man. In hopes of ensuring that you folks can return them before Tuesday's deadline. Try to commit to this also assign 40 employees to advance your phone calls. It snipes offices and process people in line early voting sites. More workers could soon follow as a steps kind of play to extend early voting hours. And upgrades are full system to add more lines. Just like a present. You know, you can never do too many lines. That's what he always said. And of course don't forget about his fan asked Governor Dauder. How's she doing? Don't hear too much about her anymore. No way. No way. Some of the problems have played as a broad elections over the past four years. Long lines are far away. No about that. A common collected snipes defended a election preparation. She said voters should have confidence in November's second ballroom. In fact, he even held up as a symbolic gesture of stupid preparation agent. Say, if you don't like it. There's been a whole lot of partisanship about the election. So everything that happens is magnified. She said, but when we see something questioning like a student, we fix it immediately. Not everyone agrees. These seven Christian leaders, if you listen to everything that happens is magnified. She said, but when we see something questioning like a student, we fix it immediately. Not everyone agrees. These seven Christian leadership conference call late Wednesday for Governor Dauder. Jeff Bush does his fan snipes. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. A retired educator when we appointed last year to a place in the area of elephant. The civil rights group charged as snipes is making the same mistakes and Bush cited. And if this is betting elephant. I learned that these problems only be attacked for political reasons. I said elephant who lost the democratic primary and obvious to snipes. I wanted to about the poll workers. I wanted them about the phones. I wanted them about the Amsterdam ballots. The breadth of the problem is putting Brown and again in national spotlight to help during the 360. We count in 2000. I still want to see the Palm Beach jugs looking at the. You know, I think he'd use that footage over and over again. It's not like he's eye ball is going to like top right on the socket. State officials said the only complaints they've received about early voting come from Brown and Palm Beach counties. Cano bell. A national hotline set up by a coalition of civil rights groups and force twice as many complaints about. Broward. Then any other community. And of course we know that Brown is the most heavily democratic and at. Tons of curries votes are going to come from there. So I wouldn't want to do it with you. They can't just screw it up. And then it's got those waiting for ballots are expressing deep to set a special hand in the election. Linda Lennel Lennel. None of our name is Goldberg. Said she requested a ballot early October for her mother who is homebound with Parkinson's in Palpano Beach. But never received it. She said official silver more than two weeks ago. They've been male and then promised to send her another one. But it also has to arrive. Well, they saw the last name is Goldberg. They said forget about that. I'm angry in first week and feel like crying said Lennel. Goldberg was sent you to drive before lottery. They had to pick up about his ballot. Murray Hirsch, a cemetery village counter community in Femburg, Pond said he finally received in Wednesdays. They have sent the ballot. He requested an October. It was postmarked October 19. Meaning that Tosh Snipes office 12 days to process his request. And the post office another eighth days to deliver it. Someone is trying to sabotage this election. Hirsch said no Schmidt. No Schmidt, Murray. Snipes said to Lennel. He said to Lennel, he said to the officials for extra money to pay for the new remaining but didn't know how much the end of this fence will be. How they may or highly in the Librum and other county commission said they're willing to give her additional money. Or stand for ensure that the election is successful. I'm tired of being the laughing stock in Broward of the United Nations. I want to get it right. So commissioners, Suzanne Dunnsberger, who served on the vote. Candacing board during the 2000 election to speak. All voters need to be sure they can vote and that their vote will be counted. These people will apply for an absentee ballot. And a perfect and imperatory. Oh, this is so sad. So sad. What we've come to, man. Right there in Broward daylight. They're doing everything in a power to keep the dark portion voting and anybody to the left of a telebehund. And a public sits back and goes like that. WDQA in Hello. 2am. I guess it was a little passage of one minute. Sorry. WDQA in Hello. Yes, sir. I wanted to inform you listeners and you the Michelle Yand Sunday. We're going to be doing a early voter drive for carry. Land. And this is going to be 200 volunteers. The goal is to leave 100 teams and 5. Isn't those not. Oh, right. And they're going to be driving people to go vote. So if anybody wants to actually stop whining and get off your awesome command. I'd say you got to call this number. Is there a clue who's on your window? Actually, it's not Miami. 3.5. 6.5. 0.0.1. 6.5. 0.0.1. And off your house and go help carry. You bastards. Exactly. Okay. Yes, sir. Okay. 6. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. One was any black person going to the wall for this country. Could it help me ride? Me, to hell out of me. They shouldn't visit that kid by the way. They're all ready. Okay. Okay. Any white person going to go to the wall for this country either on the kind of where we're now. That's not a war. That's insanity. All planned ahead of time. Just lay it right out there. And of course, you're putting in front of the facilities. These automatonians, these people can't think for themselves. They're like robots. Oh, gee, no, we don't think that he climbed this ahead of time. And of course, we know that Sonam had those weapons. And we know that he was certainly up to his earlobes in 9-11. And this president just making things safer for us and for the rest of the world. Right. Oh, by the way, the only good piece of news is that yes, sir, I'm on the fart is that he, they pulled out his gallstone. And I guess maybe also his kiss piece to it the same time. He's ill and that's good. Of course, after he gets out of it, then I'll say, Oh, well, the other guy, he's even worse in the shirons going to start building bigger fences all over the place. They just lead a little hole in the fence so they can get that pipeline through there. You know, good. They finished a whole job. That pipeline that goes through Syria, you know, the one that we open up right away. Once we went into a rack to make sure that fat ass shirone gets it. Maybe there's a question between fat ass bush or governor and fat ass shirone. A lot of fat asses are rolling around. Right. Do an evil thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I have a, I have a, I have a, a plumb in today. Why? I have it. How about how about? WQA and hello. QAM. Yeah, good, good morning. Good evening, sir. Yes. You know, the Michael Moore is going to be in front of the election born in, in Boko Raton. Great. So we want to be there. A lot of people here from day county are going there. We're taking a couple of buses. It's not by invitation. It's open to the public. You know, I had a couple Jewish friends that are at told me, especially North Miami in the, the far big temple there. That they're going to be 40. Because he's very good with Israel. And I just, I just, it's only that I really don't understand. This is like like like a black person voting for the club to explain. That is right. And they've been doing it. I think it's so absurd that intelligent people will draw away a vote to the enemy. No, no, no, no, no, no. Why did you say it's housing people? Well, the, the so many people are professional. Yeah, you know, I, I got this right, maybe if there were so and so does it, they wouldn't, we weren't in Bini's in public, okay? It's, it's, it's, it's not, but it's not even, it's not even Orthodox. I'm trying to, I'm trying to get you to say goodbye. I gotta go. Well, take it. Like, eh. Ha ha ha. 157, a QAM. You are the same as me, you're Roger. The rest of the world, I'm going to ask you to say, in AM. You go, we missed the move. And I've been with him, to do it well to warn it out. I suppose to push answers as a project there. And too much of the prize, this person came. In the first soldiers, and in ladies and gentlemen, and she did the play with Tusa-Dong who's saying he's not I, Raps. We're not too high in my ground. They're not that high. They're not the ones for a child. They're not that high. What's going on with this dog? They're not that high. We're not too high in our act as defense. We're not going to be the one having the ball. I'm going to show you how to explain the freedom of the world. The more than you can, the more bloody problems, the more they just become. For a healthy energy, and hello, Berton. We need this piece and in our kids to die. And including our works, it's both a sky. In defense, nature, stiffness, must be the reason why they've been in your choice, this Jesus Christ, I write. We're not too high in our lives. We're not the ones for a child. What's going on with this dog? We're not too high in our lives. Boy, George, why do you hate so many of the things? It's our work, it's our work. They're by no side work. We're not allowed in our work, I see how much of these things that I'm on this. Yeah. And a golf is very strange, was you know, it's sometimes you throw your shoulder out of joint. You know, for you to look for the QM fan right now, if the shell station corner or power line, a commercial ball bar, stop by to pick up the parents against the check-up, the absolute fighting champions here. This Saturday at the Wilma Memorial Auditorium in Fort Lundell. Or if you want to go to the Wilma Memorial Auditorium in Buffalo, you can go there too. Mooring down rights in today's New York Times, White House of Horrors. If you said, Dick Taney, Pete too soon, we still got a few days left until Halloween. It was scary enough when we thought the vice president had created a zone that was made for spin purposes, but if he actually believes that a whack is a remarkable success story, it's downright spooky. He's already got his persona for Sunday. He's the mad scientist in the haunted mansion, filling with test tubes to force the world of conformed to his twisted vision. After 911 Mr. Cheney swirled his big black cape and hunker down in his understose dungeon, reading books about small pots and plague in worst case terrorist scenarios. His goal is imagination ran wild, and he dragged the untested president and did the suffering of his house of Horrors, painting a glory picture of how a wreck would let fear some munitions fall into the hands of evil doors. The anthem arc ended the war to preclude that chilling bloodbath, but in the spine tingling switch, the administration's misty gun in Vasion Barak has led fearsome munitions fall into the hands of evil doors, and also as forged the links between Alcott and the Sunni-Bathists that Mr. Cheney miscreated as crazy eyed egress of the Pentagon and fantasized about to justify their hunger to remake the Middle East. It's often seen in scary movies you play God to create something in your own image in the monster you make ends up coming after you. The term of the Throne Good Scaredlyer bore the vice president ended up scaring up the swarm of geodist evil spirits he had conjured, like the overreaching sorcerer in Fantasia. The Pentagon bubbled the occupied occupation so badly, it caused the insurgency to grow like the blob. Just as Catherine DeNove had bizarre hallucinations in the horror classic repulsion, Mr. Cheney and the Neocons were in a deranged ideological process of setting about imaginary weapons while allowing enemies to spirit the real ones away. The officials charged with protecting us, said how so many false alarms they ignored all the real ones. President Bush is like one of the blissfully ignorant teenagers in the Friday of the 13th movies, spouting slogans like freedom is on the march, while pretty crudeers in the closet ready to claw his skin off. Most of Bush ignored his own experts warnings that Osama been lawed and planned to attack inside the U.S. that an invasion of Iraq was a toxic partnership between outside terrorists and bathets that had increased sympathy for the across the Islamic world that Donald Rubensfield was planning to war knock a patient without enough troops that sat in Hussein's aluminum tubes were not familiar purposes that U.S. troops should safeguard 280 tons of silver slices that could bring down planes and buildings and that after the invasion of Iraq had erupted in the civil war. And of course the president ignored colon palis pottery barn warning if you break it you own it. Their Iraqi puppet I out allow a turn on Mr. Cheney and Mr. Bush this week and right out of Chucky. Mr. Alawi used coalition forces of major negligence for not protecting the honor of arm deraqui national guard trainees who were slaughtered by insurgents wearing Iraqi police uniforms. Iraqi recruits are getting killed so fast we can't even pretend that we're going to turn the country over to them to let him more today by the way. If you really want to be choked of the bonus Halloween listen about Peter W. Galbraith a former diplomat who helped advance the case for an Iraq invasion as a request of Paul Wolfowitz said in the column yesterday in the Boston Globe. He said he had told Mr. Wolfowitz about the catastrophic aftermath of the invasion the unchecked alluding of every public institution in Baghdad the devastation of Iraq's cultural heritage the anger of ordinary Iraqis who couldn't understand whether the world's only superpower was letting this happen. He told Mr. Wolfowitz that mobs were looting Iraqi lands of live HIV and black fever viruses and making off with barrels of yellow cake. Even after my briefing the Pentagon leaders had nothing to safeguard Iraq's nuclear sites he said. In his column Mr. Galbraith said weapons looted from the arm's side called Al-Kaka might have wound up in Iran which could obviously use them only to pursue nuclear weapons. In April 2003 and Baghdad he said he told a young US lieutenant stationed across the street that HIV and black fever viruses had just been looted. The soldier had been devastated and said I hope I'm not responsible for Armageddon. Two bad men never occurred to Dr. Frankenstein. I think it confused the doctor Frankenstein. Good call to the usual morning dad she wasted her time on the Iraqi last night with Bill Safaran and just a total waste of time. Why won't you watch you know? I want to see if those suspenders are going to snap off. Doug Davis and News Day writes the quality of anger streams of polls. See if this is where I said and of course the media does not attend this because that would conflict with all these polls that keep showing about the well Galapz says this and this one says that. A lot of furious angry foaming at the most people that ever would have dreamed of voting before. And Doug Davis writes a few hours before the third presidential debate I saw a tiny headline in one of the countless tabloids circling my city for 180,000 new voters register in Florida. I kept that headline in my mind and made that a fragile state pivotal in the country's coming such a crime of enthusiasm. Long ring into my favorite celebrity cafe on Prince Street. I ran into a crusty old city politician whose name I protect for his own sake. I repeated the headline for many asked what skeptics everywhere were asking will they really vote? His lack was a boomer. Of course they will. I've never seen so many kids, so many women, so many old guys running to register. Don't you get it? People are mad as hell and they're not going to take it anymore. How do you like that? I like it. Where we heard that. He says he's right. The country is see that you can see it. Feel it. Smell it everywhere in bars, parties in the streets. And most of all on the web that crucial anti-medium needs of the press somebody else seems to understand. The rest of America doesn't really camp on the web right now. Floating chasing after the other sets. They're speaking, shouting, giving us a direct personal and sensory anti-apul, that may be more accurate. Leason and emotion and gallop or pew. You can smell that pupil all the way up here. Doug Davis says I grant you which held the fact on all the hot spots where people are raging about the war and more, but I've started prompted by my crusty old friend. It's awesome. I asked crusty Google to tell me how many contributors were waiting on the web against Bush or against Kerry. The total is produced in roughly 30 seconds where a landslide that is against the President roughly 7 million to 4.6 million. Of course Republicans can claim these web boats are a showman as proud young, intellectual, nerds mostly, but the Democrats consider this in about the widely oscillating pools which always reach the rich, plus their voice males, not the poor and the fullness. Why hasn't the press properly ranked the importance of the quality of this anger are tied to the tainted Bush minority victory in 2000? It's not only because the quality can't be assigned a number where that fury isn't as sexy as editors to editors as style, they meet a can't face the activism surging through the web. No wonder even the mainstream gallop CNN polls telling us that more than 70% of registered voters are determined to vote, told Mr. Peter Hart says, the electorate is more energized and passionate than I've ever seen before. If we were ever a land of gullible happy Americans we weren't anymore. President George W. Bush's only hope is that America's anger is mixed with fear. We're all afraid of a summer bin Laden that he'll strike again, but usually Bush offers no solution other than we should trust his character. John Kerry wins if anger trumps fear rather than the reverse. And that's in the civil wars we face take so serious, so sober unpredictable. If all those new voters show up in line the street as they did in Kabul, it means a sharp turning in the road. It means more than Bush simply going back to Texas. It means we won't take it endless war and thus job loss anymore. George W. Bush's only hope is a religious man. I'm not going to let go. This is Rush W. Bush's symbol. So if you're a man, I'm going to let go. This is Rush W. Bush's symbol. So if you're a man, I know the anger may have this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation Rush and my Rush to excellent suppositories. Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhagl to you. Just go for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from all IB. The obesity and broadcast ring of work. The 15 at 560WQ on 3506 votes on the poll. What's the most important issue in this election? Found in the economy, number one, 0101, Iraq 86, civil liberties 59. Where this is extreme as in 46. Notably, he's going to go over with already 38. Stem cell research 14. Cuba 6. Israel 3. All the draft two and abortion one. How would you just this to the nine people devoted Cuba or Israel, which I did put those on there for your amusement and pleasure? How would you just this? If you're so concerned about Cuba, I'd go over there like this weekend, right? If you're so concerned about Israel, Casal voice. Nevertheless, moving right along. Springsteen. As the hotly content and presidential election races to the finish line, nothing I can say for sure is need a lot of them can sing a lick. Coming just days before election day today's downtown rally, featuring Kerry Springsteen and Fulfightersley vocalist Dave Grohl could be the largest political gathering ever in Wisconsin. How do you like that? That's a corn do, Wisconsin Alderman Michael Verrier. Sounds like a dustman to me. Could be. I think we're looking at a record breaking turnout for the senator and the boss said Verrier. And Volking Springsteen's widely used nicknamed, it seems like everybody in their uncle was coming to this. Verrier who represents the downtown district city was basing his prediction on a mile, weather forecast in the upper 50s, although there's a chance of spotting showers. The closeness to the election, the fact that Kerry and President Bush appeared locked in did he in Wisconsin. Kerry Edwards campaigned spokesman George Twig, said the turnout is hard to predict that 60,000 be a lot of people. The largest rally was held Monday in Philadelphia for Kerry when estimated 80 to 100,000 people went to see Kerry and former President Bubba returned the campaign some after her surgery. And today's event against opening the capital at 10 o'clock this morning, which would have been love to clock our time. So they're open already. The music and speeches by Governor Jim Dorello, the local official, the sent to begin at 11, which would be like now, right? Right. And Kerry's expected to speak about 1215, which would be 150 in our time. Those attending the rally are asked not to bring signs, big guys who are in the rally will be screened for security for viewers. In Madison, no less than Wisconsin, which is only close because there's a lot of crowds there. There's a lot of not-season Wisconsin, a lot of beer-grasland crowds. And that of course is also a bunch of cheeseheads. You know those big football people, they've got to be for Bush, they've got to be real macho, they've got to be Republicans, they've got to be for the right wing, they've got to be for the right wing. And that's what that's all about the dolphins, they may be one of Barff. I mean, even with all the stars, they've got to entertain their all for Bush, even a Jewish board like Jay Feeleer, you better check your Torah man, we're going to have tourists like you ain't never seen. For Bush, I mean, he was quoted there, so he would all know it's, but that would really shock me, you know. Here's an article that's going to shock the pants off, and some of you would want to mention old coach down there, and some of you would want to talk to the ones in Sweetwater and Lil Havana who just won't get off the dime, who never ever have ever become real Americans who are just locked in his damn pre-1960 mentality. You know, Bush has always talked about the pre-9-11 in the Bible world in the post-element, well we got in South Florida, we got some people in the pre-1960 world living in the distant past. Presidential pool may track big changes in date, rights to these fat Jim DeFedian and the hero that they did you see this? No. Well here it is. If the latest hero pool is, and by the way, I hope we don't have any appointments between now and two o'clock, because I may not get any of these fine-rollers. What? I said, well I just got a lot of stuff here, man, it's the countdowns and ASTURES the already. We only got a very small purchase amount of time. Van is gone. Van? Well, who's been a turn the letters? Oh, the van is gone. Yeah. Well, you know, the words they give the tickets away? Yeah. Well, that's a good sign, it was for free, and we actually had to couple people listening, I mean that's power line and commercial. Maybe somebody feet on the tower, and the signals get not free good. I mean, thinking it's all the way up there, maybe I'll just pop louder, how's that? All right. Jim DeFedian, right, Presidential pool may track big changes in date. Oh, right. How do you like that? If the latest hero pool is correct, it robed the White House no longer runs exclusively through a little Havana, now it winds its way through the streets of Winnwood and Alapada and Homestead. And if that's true, President Bush is in trouble. The hero pool shows Senator Kerry winning the county with 54.3% of all compared to 41.5% or Bush, 4% still on the side. Spitting the on the side of voters down the middle, Kerry goes to 56%, Bush 43 in A Native Atlanta for less than 1% in date. If Kerry wins date 56 to 43, then likelihood of him winning Florida is very high, and here's why. In 2000 Al Goreby Bush found most 40,000 votes in date county. According to Harold Fould, by Zabi International, Kerry is positioned to win date by anywhere from 90 to 100,000 votes. A margin that large in Florida's most topless county will be hard for Bush to make up across the rest of the state. Now I realize the fee of he says if the polls margin of error were to fall in the president's favor, Kerry would be Bush 53 to 46 and set up 56 to 43, right? He's down good. But even then because of new voters, Kerry was still walk away with 50,000 more votes than Bush and date, here's why the Harold Fould rings true. Between 2000 and 2004, the split between Democrats and Republicans is virtually the same in almost every category. In 2000, overwhelming majority of Cuban Americans went to Bush and later several polls shows the same thing happened again. In 2000, the Jewish and Black voters went overwhelmingly for Gore and the latest fool has him doing the same for Kerry. Among Anglo's Kerry's ahead and date, the Bush is tightened again. Among crackers. The one group that is radically different in its wide of full-make sense is a shift among non-cubanous spanics who are backing Kerry almost 21. Overwhelming. Overall, his Spanish both Cubans and non-cubans still support Bush according to Harold Fould with 62% say they'll vote for the president. 35% say they'll vote for Kerry. That's overall putting them all together. But again, Cuban and non-cubanous spanics are backing Kerry nearly 21. Nevertheless, due to the Fidi Rice, there's a tremendous improvement for Democrats over 27% of his Spanish-slavery Bush only 27% say he voted for Gore. So that's like, let's see, eight and 9.5. Almost all those gains for Kerry have come from Mexican Salvadorans, the Minicans from La Reifu La Guedumini-Kana. Colombians and Puerto Ricans, among others, many of whom are going to be voting for the first time, even the can I won? No. The raw numbers in 2000, Bush won among all his spanics by 135,000 votes based on the Harold Poll, Bush has read among his Spanish in 2004, but because of the just 95,000 votes, that's a loss of 40,000. Now, we're waiting to get by 40,000 votes between last time and this time is a huge accomplishment that Democrats show us a very real impact photo-wide distribution group such as me, familiar our having industry's election, in six months mean for a million registered 66,000 new voters in Florida, many of them in Dave County, and most of them non-cubin Hispanics. The New Democrat Network, the service employees in the National Union and the Environmental Action Funders, spending $1.6 million on ads, directed at Hispanic voters encouraging them to vote for Kerry. Indeed, this election can mark the end of the disproportionate impact that Cuban Americans have held on presidential politics for the past 25 years. It's always been assumed that if a Republican country is 80% of the Cuban vote that they'll win Florida. This is why politicians vote Democrats and Republicans have catered to this Cuban-American block for so long, and everything from the embargo with Cuba to travel and trade with the island to the Westwood Drivewood policy. But in this election, President Bush could get 82% of the Cuban vote and still lose because of the enroads Democrats made with other Hispanics. If that happens, it will forever offer the perceived importance of Cuban-American voters to which I can only say, Oh, right, thank God. Thank God. Right. I'd like that to him to feed you in the hairline. There's a little bit of hope out there, you know, it's a word of a sunshine. And here's some more hope. The Supreme Court this week, the client of the independent presidential candidate, Ega Tister of the arrogant obnoxious, dodging old-fool Ralph Nader on a ballot, and the ballot-ground state of Ohio. That's, oh, hi. I'm Friday, and you're asked to high court review of how's this industry removed him argument that all the state law that request people to collect signatures on candidates' petitions, the registered voters violated free sprites as speech rights. Neighbors requestary review went to Justice John Paul Stevens, who referred to the matter to the full court. The justice is denied to request without comment. Democrats, fearful that Nader could sit in votes from them if his name was unaballed, and present evidence to Ohio Secretary Stake hands blackwell. That petition called out said, Julie Kohl, Nader stayed by volunteer coordinator in Ohio. We've got three times number signatures we needed. Third party shouldn't have to go through this. It's democracy and its ugly as form. Right. Carl O'Poreau, a spokesman for blackwell said he was pleased noting that all blackwell's election decisions had not was to afford challenges. He said that some Nader supporters who gathered signatures were not Ohio registered voters. And others admitted to fraud. Now in 2000, running as the green party candidate, native got about 2.5% of the vote no Ohio and Bush won by 3.6%. So you see how pivotal it is to be important that he's not about no Ohio and guess what? What? As we already talked about earlier in a week, on Saturday, he's super in court and out of similar emergency request by Nader to be placed on the ballot in the Battleground State of Pennsylvania. And they looked at him and they said, are you kidding us? No, it's the answer. We'd our lips know. Overall, the bad news is that Nader will be on a ballot in 34 states and the District of Columbia. The Ohio Supreme Court last week ruled 6 to 1 against the New York State of New York City. The Ohio Supreme Court last week ruled 6 to 1 against the New York State of New York City. But third in the House. The Constitution's a face out of a Mickey Mouse campaign. And that's Nader, if you're going to vote for Nader, man, we will shoot you in the late night of the week. You can't just cut the crap. 5, 6, 7, 1, make him the numbers out for we're not taking any call. This is nice to them feel better, you know? Why, we might take it for the one 2 a.m. See, we have an appointment, so we're going to put his answers. You want the scene, then? You want the scene, then? Roger, it's collocally on 5, 6, 8, and... Tonight on House, you're zero. It's the Muslim world's number one sitcom. It's the Muslim world's only sitcom. Everybody loves Ramadan. Starring Ray Ramado as everybody's favorite radical lyrics. We can't help it. Outside. boundaries. I've read all the right words. Bad drugs as I had to loathe. Queens, there the Jewish West troops withdraw from the job. John Fantier Boyle has the grand-eye of Towa Ali Al-Sisami. Holy War! Everybody loves Ramadan! For the Chinese, the United States, and the World of the Dunn. That's tonight and every night of November. It's all my tour to have a strong man. And CSI's Honor City on Al-Jazira. Copy to our Magogatool. We got the Joseph Eccu for the Humphrey IV. It's kind of strange. We're running all in my regions about the Q&AM.com website. And I guess we got to commit to the advertisers. They actually just put it back up. Holy, did put it back up. How long ago was that when I finished fixing it for them? Well, you had a fixer for them. I was interesting. I hope you put in lots of heavy charges for that. Put in like 75 hours of overtime. Had a fixer for them. How do you like that? The incompetent silver there. Some believe a little judge court is who used to be involved with aggrilism on any part of it, by the way, Q&AM.com and embarrassment. For sports there is only. And I checked at this morning, if he told me he was screwed up. And it said, no, we're experiencing technical problems. Check back what is some future date. Maybe it was open to everyone and other games. But it is back up. Now are we streaming? I don't know. What do you mean you don't know? So I kept saying it's out again. It's back on its own presidency. When they lose, the opposing candidate wins. The redskins play the packers. This Sunday, just two days before the election. Again, it's after redskins. If you're for carry, chair for the packers. Let's go pack. This is Robert. And let's be Robert creeper even he must have found this in light. Did I? No, he's hopeless. I'll speak in a little dors. Wait till you're this story. Awesome. Right in scientists to find a new species of how-it-sized humans. Oh, yes. A little dors. Who lived about 13,000 years ago on an Indonesian island said today. They expected to discover more new species of hominids on neighboring islands. Wooddors. The partial skeleton of homoforeseen endsis. Four scenes to whatever it held is. I'm a halve. Founded a cave on the island of Floreys in 2003. Most of an adult female that was three feet tall. And a brain swallowed in a chimpanzee. And probably lived alongside modern humans on the island. Australian Indonesian scientists have since under seven small hominids called Floreysman. From the Lingboa Lines Stone cave, the youngest living 13,000 years ago. 13,000 years that must be another county-pink-of-plot because we know God made the world five or six thousand years ago. 13,000 years ago next year we're going to be talking about carbon dating and all other county-pink-of-sudo signs. That's all right. In fact, speaking of the devil, don't forget Halloween. The finding of this distinctive human species is this in Denmark human species on Floreys also implies that there'll be similar endemic species on other islands in that vicinity. Projectly or Mike Moore would associate professor in archaeology at Australian University of New England, said he had today. So you're likely to have a distinctive, little-hawented population. I wonder if he meant little as small in the, you know what I'm saying? A distinctive little-hawented population on Lombock on Sumbawa on Timor and on Sulawesi. Any of those will be distinct species because they will evolve in isolation. Oh, you've all of these seen there. Go ahead again, too. But that awful devilish evolution plan. Floreys meant it's thought to be the Senate of Humor Erectus, which had a large brain with full size and spread out from African Asia about two million years ago. There's nothing like that Humor Erectus. I'm not sure we can say that anymore. Hey, joy. We can't see either one of those words. Moore would said that discovery of hominids and flores was unexpected. There's no Asian land animal that's the planet across the sea of the islands at Eastern Indonesia. And hominids were not believed to be developed enough to build and sail a craft. In other words, how did they just pop up there? Oh, my god, like she's fed her animation. But if homo Erectus reached Floreys and evolved into forest man, then others probably reached nearby islands also evolved into new human species. Legends tell a small, manlike creatures existing on Eastern islands long ago, like New Lake Long Island. Need to discover how it is in Southeast Asia. On the start of agriculture 10,000 years ago, means they were contemporaries of modern humans, say Moorewood, and another piece of the complex puzzle of human evolution, the hominid family tree which includes humans and humans that are heard from chimpanzees about 7 million years ago. Are you Bible-thumping idiots? You drew in morons, okay. Well, the Bible says, yeah, right. Isn't that pathetic? And that's why we are today. That's why I voted for religious extremism on a very important floor of ours today. I didn't put this between court on there. I'd carry a set of, well, with Rincrist and his to-to-to-to-toomer. But the fact that it matter is why, because we put individual things that, you know, like civil liberties religious extremism and abortion, which is only got one vote, which is, we don't have any, we have no single limit listed to show there. I know women listed in this show. And I just saw the thing of the latest Gallup, which of course is distorted and the right. But nevertheless, it shows, carries only 6% ahead of young women. You women out there. I'm not talking about the old coppers, looking there as cemetery, there was no golden vote for Kerry, or you old Juliets, there in little Havana. They'll be out there in droves, with their guava, there is there, whatever and hell there were. What do they wear? I don't know. Schmottis. I tell you what they wear me out. But they'll all be out there. But what about these single women? What about the younger women? What about the, oh, where are they? They've just abandoned this, they've just been watching moric poovitch and the jury's springer and all that, and all that copyright waiting for Oprah, Oprah already took some. So what are you waiting for? And that's so depressing. When you stop to try to think of who these people are, I mean, they had a piece on the CBC last night and they were interviewing a bunch of people in Texas and they were the biggest bunch of drooling yay who's man. They made the people an infeeer, look like biccini slickers. So what he expected, vote for. Oh, he's doing a good job. I'm voting for George W. Bush and Dick Chan. He's going to find job over there when I rack and say I protect most from all of his evil doors and yeah. So if you're in that category, if that's where you're coming from, by all means, I go out there and click on for the Bush Mister. Here's a good article by Jennifer Kurr on a website that you despise, capital Hill, blew the, he spent 704 grand on 450 trips to lawmakers on 2 key rational oversight communities. Their families and staff members in the past three years, they watched a group reported. The biggest beneficiary was represented a bully thousand former chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, according to a study being released today by the Center for Public Integrity. Thousands of Republican of Louisiana took 87 industry funded trips to Vegas and the angle in New York elsewhere and across the 139 grand report said, thousand it was retiring from Congress this year, stepped down as chairman on February 16. The Center is the Center based at Stigus on Congressional Office travel records for members of that House committee and Senate Science Commerce and Transportation Committee. Both have jurisdiction over Kukonrad Burns, Republican of Montana with 31 trips, founded it over 41 grand, represented Fred Upton, Republican of Michigan with 14 trips worth 27 plus grand. Burns defended his travel status part of bringing better services to his constituents, calls to the offices of thousand Upton were not immediately returned yesterday. If you're regulating an industry, raises questions when you've set free trips and other person in the same industry, it looks bad if you look at Bansit.dumbar lead author the report. The National Cable and Talk and Communication Association paid for the most trips, 102 and all toldly on the 200 grand. The trade group is lobby coverage in the past year and take a hands-off approach to regulating phone calls on the Internet. It's also original I'm at acknowledgement to force cable committees to allow subscribers to pick individual channels rather than pay for a package of channels as they do now. Other Spankford and Rushwell trips included the United States Telecom Association, SPC Communications Inc and the National Association of Broadcasters, the NAB. The report found that the communications industry defined as broadcasting, table and telecommunications has spent $1.1 billion on lobbying in campaign contributions since 1998. Over the same period, the industry-favorite George W. Bush would autotl of $1.8 million in campaign contributions, Democrat John Kerry received $1.1 million. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The states of clean court agreed that the report had been sent to a hospital to the hospital. The report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report was not a big deal. The report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the report found that the he had to be done that a wanted no better if you're like about develop an out of out of the people are using his food running all the timeld in about which is loaded with sugar and cars and something about the work. It is the reliefs below so he speaks to me. Yeah. You know I would keep data gives an attorney for the woman pair women's parents Bob and Murray Schinnler who has been fighting their set along court for years asked so they'll stand a day past uh... six deadlines. So all possible appeals could be exhausting. I'm exhausted. Just from hearing about this crap. Basically, it's your call against all the judge you had the discretion. Greer City would rule as early as tomorrow but told Felo said probably would run past November 9. Greer is you this day last week and he rejected requests from the shimmers for a new trial. And whether their daughter would want to be kept alive or decorous as a persistent vegetative state, Florida. He have said he's preparing an appeal to the second district court of appeals. You ought to yaw the audience just goes on and on and governor Fadass. He's got a personal interest in keeping this subrout alive. I don't understand why, it's here. The only people they care about are the unborn fetuses and people in a vegetative state. If you're actually living and breathing and can like function, they don't keep a flying crap about you. That's just the way it is. W. Q. M. Hello. Yes, man. I just got to your spotting for sure. I'll be right. I waited for two hours. It was worth it and everybody. They ought to wait for hours. It means there were tons of people holding, right? Exactly. And how on bail. I. And everybody else took the same way. They did with work. Actually. They never got me F.T. Do you never got one? And I worked for the post office. So I can guarantee most people worked for the post office or our democratic. So we did not do this. Now it's a time to meet like an inside job. They're probably going to ran off of them. I think so. But that's a good lesson for anybody else out there is waiting. You're saying they're sitting him out again. It's already Thursday. You know, it's not a child. It's not a child. It's a child. It's a child. They're going to get that ballot. And then send it back in time by Tuesday. So they got to follow your lead and go down and take a couple of hours. It's right in poor. Early. Thanks. Thanks. All right. How do you like that? That was excellent. And a lady. There is one. Yeah. W. Q. M. Hello. Yeah. Exactly. I. I. I. I. I. That's the most important for the. That's a. This sounds like rich. I know it's not. You're in the meat rich. No sir. Well, good. Don't. I got. With. If they. They. For. The. The. That is correct. They're going to. And if it's more in back abortion, it's just the. It's just the inside. It's a nice word. Right. They want to control the internet. They want to control Hollywood. I saw bumper sticker that said. Uh, both of the boys should say. Finish liberating Iraq and then pick that Hollywood. You. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, great. People. Yeah. Anyway. These are the same people by the way. They got all the group of. They're running around the country. Accountating for them. That's sin crowd. Yeah. Not hypocrites. Of course. Then again, as always. Bill or Riley and Rush. But you know. Don't confuse them with the facts. I don't know. Thanks. The. Providator. He's running around in Ohio and me. She again in the campaign for the president. I'm actually the Kennedy's aren't too happy about that. No. Oh, speaking of that. Speaking of putting up a little bit. Manhood question and Senate campaign. I bet you that Josh there who pretends to be a little bit of a sportsman. He'll remember Jim Bunning used to picture the tiger before he was born. Yeah. When he's a senator in Kentucky now, he's not one of those. And of course almost every time a jack turned the politician. It likes Steve large. You remember him, of course. Yes. Right wing nut. Well, here's another one. In fact, he's becoming fruity or nutty or by the minute Jim Bunning is losing his marbles. And now he's almost blown the election in a big lead. A top state Republican called Democrat if you ascended candidate Dan One Jardo Limpers did. And another GOP state legislator said he questions whether the word man applies to him. And speeches to a senator Jim Bunning's disparate campaign. And he's been a very serious today. Both state Senate president David Williams of Burstville on state senator Elizabeth Thurrier of Rand flu Kentucky. Tonight they intended to raise questions about Montgiardo's sexual orientation. Though Thurrier later said that if any listeners thought she was referring to his sexuality, so be it. After being told to the comments, Montgiardo's campaign manager said Bunning and his allies are wanting a gutter campaign, a campaign of sleas and smear. He said, basically, what the Republicans are doing carries a bad man. He said, he's so far to the left. He may stand and he'd look like a conservative. And they don't talk about what they've done for years because why would you? Well, what's the talk about? Right, exactly. The disaster. Whether it's jobs in the economy, whether it's what's going on in Iraq, whether it was 9-11, whether the environment and the issue. Do you name it? After being told to the comments, Montgiardo's campaign manager said Bunning and his allies are running a gutter campaign. I just said that the Republican's election grab is on the ropes. So it came Gebidden during the Montgiardo's own bus to an Eastern Kentucky. He had about a 24 lead not a lead. I just checked it this morning. He's one point ahead of the alleged, and that was before this incident. Bunning and his family and GOP officials are on our five days swing across the state. I hope to show that Bunning is healthy and active at the age of 73 and doesn't drool too much and also went for size to be a Republican based in conservative and world parts of Kentucky. The tourist kids are looking for food to heart-ewing and Georgetown. Williams, at least twice, are always gay. Limit for us to denote weakness. It's not a sexual slur, William said. I'm not going to have them limiting my choice of vocabulary. My freedom of speech you said referring to Bunning's opposition. Besides, I don't understand that Democrats on this one, William said. I'm not saying anything about anyone sexual orientation, but if I were, are they saying that's prudierative? That it's bad to be homosexual? I don't think they would say that, but I'm going to have it both ways. How can you have it both ways? Well, it was bad to be talking about Mary Cheney and the fact that my president is still having an evil state of mind is not meant to be and it's just a girlfriend who gives birth to people. I think we should read your main finale. That's a potential of , but if you call it this way you take aELLA The base of the base gets you a bit, There's a sin inside We don't even care if there's a medicine That doesn't seem like a peppy man Then don't try and make a fool She'll be sure to prove And call personal I know it's with all of you I want to kiss you You're the best I just want to kiss you I wish you the perfect life I'm proud of that I'm proud of that My good friend I'm so proud of that I'm proud of that I'm so proud of that I'm so proud of that My good friend So, we'll name host Quef residue Really, is that police station Is an important number That's safe To be, now And def olviders And the one that seemed to have been Breaking through that true twisty. See that? Yeah. He said, he probably thinks they'd peed on his falafel anyway and they probably did. And it'd be something if he croaked right before the US elections. Have you ever had the Pope died there like in the middle of night with a bad cup of tea? And anyway, these things happen. Speaking of people of town mysteriously, friend detestify about OJ Simpson's finances. Oh, brother. I still wonder. Am I the only one who wonders how it is that he kind of like walks around on a loose. I mean, everybody knows he's a double murderer. The lowest form of some human slime. And now that's cruelly noted there anymore to cheer even for I guess we got to water that sea and probably you're a buddy. The commander would teach there at that place. But other than that, I don't think we have too many OJ liquor isn't that building you think? Put up. I hope not. Anyway, a friend of OJ Simpson has been ordered to appear in court regarding the finances of the former football star and double murderer who was acquitted of course of double murder in a fully trial. But slept with 33 and a half million dollar judgment. There remains unpaid with the victim's families. Not a dime, not a penny, not a peso. Alfred Drzley must appear in November 23, Los Angeles, Superior Court in Santa Monica. The order issued Tuesday was at the request of Red Goldman, who some Ron was brutally stabbed to the floor with the cold brown Simpson by OJ in a fit of a peak. Maybe he'd done it with an ice peak, oh, I think it would have been that nice. I'd be bothered to chop. Yeah, that might have been it. I got a paper jam. Uh-oh. I fixed it up with some jam on it. Alfred Bursley must appear in November 23 in LA Superior Court in Santa Monica. The order issued was at, I've just got through reading that. Fred Goldman's attorney wrote in Declaration Fowl of the Court that Bursley had no one's of since-in-stunnational condition and of his non-exempt property, which may be ordered to be applied to the Senate's National and Judgment. I hope they take his shoes, those ugly, brutal, malleys shoes, his pantaloneses underwear, all in his crat. His crack pipe. Right, the attorney also wrote that Bursley, who works in the entertainment and real estate industries, may have control over some of Simpson's property. Good. Simpson was acquitted at well. We know about that. That'll be pretty good. But about word him to pay 30 to be in half minimum. They found him building the civil trial because Simpson lives in Florida, which we all know is why he went there in the first place, his pension cannot be touched. He said he feels the obligation to pay because he didn't commit the murders. Right. Never those days when Bursley was going to put him on the area. Remember that? Especially in last two long did it. Well, you guys over there teach town, you should know how to do it. As a matter of fact, I was also thinking about this in the last 24 hours. Think about the fan. Remember the fan, total bomb, disaster, yeah. Think about Fox Sports Network, okay? Another clear channel disaster because they didn't want to pay anybody who was a real talent. And I think about these engineers that came along with just endless amounts of money that put on the ESPN 780 thing and they right away, first thing Howard Joe Rose and got only knows what they might be hearing pretty soon. And they're going to have an impact. See the difference? Let's see. Here's the fact that says 100,000 plus Iraqi deaths since the war says the study. And of course they never talked about this because they keep Thomas about how they love freedom. They love freedom and democracy. It's what I want to be free. Of course, let's you dead man you're free. You can't get much greater than that. So we never hear about that anymore than we hear about all the wounded Americans just with and there were other, I forget how many of the last two days now, they at least two more so that US soldiers, they aren't even reporting that anymore. It's took close to the ocean time. Right. Anyway, deaths of Iraqis have stored to 100,000 of abnormal since the war, mainly due to violence and many the victims have been women and children public health experts from the US said today. Making conservative assumptions, we think that about 100,000 excess deaths or more have happened since the 2003 invasion of Iraq researchers from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore said and report published online by the Lancet Medical Journal. Violence accounted for most of the excess death and an airstrike from US medical relations forces accounted for the most violent deaths the report added. George Bush, jumped at conclusions about weapons of mass destruction and any rush to war without a plan to win the fees. George Bush jumped at conclusions about how the Iraqi people would receive our troops. In other than, they jumped at conclusions. He ignored the facts that he was given by his generals by the Congress, by the experts. George Bush's own words, he shouldn't be our commander in chief and I couldn't agree more. You go John. Anyway, the new figure's based on surveys done by the researchers in Iraq are much higher than early arrest and was based on think tank and media sources which put the Iraqi civilian debt pull up to 16,000 military fatalities in the high 60s, we 70. Any idea goes on, what numbers? Once you get to too many numbers, they can't handle it. First think about 100,000 innocent dead people, okay? We're not talking about the evil doers, I mean that's so over and above. Sure we are. Those babies attacked. That's right, they're all evil doers, I forgot about that. I'll then schmothaids. I ain't to break the list here but if you're at these archmothaids, in fact, the schmothaids that we ought to be the Saudis are schmothaids aren't you? Yeah, yeah. They sure are. So the Iranians too? Right, oh the Iranians with that Iatola. The Iranians who may be right now, using some of that three of an 80 tons of crap that we had, the hazardous materials to build God only was what? But they're evil Iatola. A freak tie, this story makes you want to cry, speaking of evil I. Maybe I better take a call or two first to come you down, about the life of your college and the rest of we can be looking at again, you think that 2000 was bad. WQAM, hello. Hey, I'm behind one right now. They got the yellow license plate choose life with a WO4. Oh my god. And I was wondering, when could get one of those rocket launchers grenades for calling things that they have all over I rat right now? These hardware man. These hardware. I could take one out right now. No. A perfect job, Pally. If you're in a rat you can just pick one up anywhere. Oh yeah. I think that you float them. Or lie down we haven't talked to them today. QAM, hello. Yeah, yeah, I'm going. I heard you all right. I've heard you say that the dolphins are for bush. We're okay, great. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Any are you? Okay. I know you were talking about the 3N lead time. I call the... QAM, that's your 80 pounds. You're a big customer. I call it the KERI campaign. They're the best substance of the 3N 80 times. And actually say it in pounds. It's over 800,000 pounds. We're sorry. I've gone no more than one. I've gone no more than one. I've gone no more than one. Plus round it I've told you almost a million pounds of explosive. And one pound was enough to bring that kind of 103. Right, that's correct. So I think if you will have more impact, I hope you're in and out of the hands. You use it more. And I'm glad you use it the year. The finally that the bush is worth in some against the yesterday. But he's right. Well, you have to be a commander in chief. You can't be... Well, he jumped the conclusion. Didn't he? Yeah. You bet. I mean, he jumped the conclusion. That his own military, his own CIA, everybody had a... Well, you can't hear him on the fast. Maybe this was all written up before he every day, every stroll, the election. And that was part of the plan. He had a steel election to get in there. 9-11 had a happen in order to pave the way for this to go in. And this is all part of the plan. If you watched it from plan as a program that he's went back about being a war for this original back in 1990 to the first call for what they wanted to go to back that, he had that plan from 92. But fish, wish one didn't do it because he was afraid of this thing that is happening now. Those new conservatives have been there again. Somebody in there that can manipulate with IQ or lower than their thumbnail. And that's exactly what they did. The American publicans, I'm not a... By I'm not a neocard. And I'm voting voting against them because as the Republican he has violated every conservative thing that I was believed in. Not to mention all the other gigantic deficit. Oh, that's exactly right. Yeah. That's the sixth. We did it from his no nation building. Why have we done one? Yeah. And then he's a flip-flop. He promised no child left behind. He promised we'd going to be a humble nation. People are going to respect us more. Right. Oh, yes. Yes, what? Nobody likes us anymore. You know what to do, pal. Yes? Go to office. All right. See, there you go. There's another Republican who's going to vote for Kerry. A free-time result in the U.S. presidential legend could mean the House of Representatives would choose the next president, a scenario that would favor Bush. But since the Senate would decide the vile vice presidency, Bush could end up with Democrat John Edwards. If you thought the club, he did say, he was in the same issue of good looking guy. Remember that? Mm-hmm. How about better than his running mate? Yeah. We know about the 538 representative of the electoral college. We don't need to get to 70. Nathan Richie, a young-stown state university mathematician, calculates there's a three-and-a-quarter present chance of a 269-a-269-time electoral college in the United States of increased since late summer. Looking at the 10 closest states, there are 17 ways this is going to occur. 17 out of a thousand 24 possible outcomes, which he said, was been track-and-s Statistics in this year's contest between Bush, Mooch and Kerry. The odds of attack fluctuates his states move out of knock the battleground, list accordingly this falls. After all, nobody if you must go across states like Hawaii would for electoral votes or Colorado would not even be in play. Even if Bush wins two-day by a single electoral voter still a chance of it hits because a small town mayor in West Virginia who's a Republican-electro may not cast his vote for Bush when the electors convene on December 13. Gosh, I dressed out no, a soft Charleston mayor Richie Robb said, he said he'd lie the first president George Bush but opposes the sons of Iraq and tax policies as if yet none better when he also presents the attacks on Kerry's war record. There've been a handful of so-called fatalist electors in the last century but none have ever decided the presidency. Robb acknowledged he could find himself in that position but said a bit nervously, I don't think it's sad likely, as he looked around and tried to crawl into the bed. Can you imagine? No. There is no federal law requiring electors to vote according to the results of the popular vote in the United States but some states do bind electors to popular vote results. The only previous ties, speaking of that was in 18-embre with Thomas Jefferson, Aaron Burr, each got 73 electors of those. The House chose Jefferson and Burr under the system then in place. Burr became vice president. Got it? Got it? Got it. Put a Burr in his cell. House Alexander Hallendell. That's a humblable. 113 at 5, 16 WQN, it's always a great time no matter what time it is to call dial a mattress, 1,800 mattress. And I was an even better time than ever because dial a mattress is flashing prices on surfer mattresses, call 1,800 mattress, now let's say an additional 20% off their super low factory-dread prices on top called a surfer-fig-sacres only at dial a mattress. When you call 1,800 mattress, you'll get same-dabel over all across town. You'll pick the day in time for a little bit of your schedule whatever to our window you like and dial a mattress is proud of their not on time 99% record. It's unbeatable. dial a mattress right number one across the rest side is fresh. Number one is the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award. If you want even waste a lot of time and gas and money and stuff all over time from bedding store to department store and back and forth, instead you can be smart like I always do just sit there on your ass and pick up that phone and get to the best deal on a mattress all way around. Call 1,800 mattress today and you'll have a great night sleep as soon as tonight on a surfer-fig-sacres and for years to come. Just log on to their website, mattress.com or make they call right now. 1,800 mattress 1,800 MATTRES 1,864. 1,864. And And Be a god! We're looking to play documentary filmmaker George W. Bush comes up to him about the real Michael Moore and the real reason behind his invasion of being in source Zach aisle. Michael Moore is a weapon of mass destruction when it comes to bang dogs and funny bones. Maran Hife 711, exposing the man who is becoming the most hated figure in the Arab world. Final boss is cupcake his favorite sword, his best gift of fame, his family fight on the board again and then send the power to everything. For washing them to the Middle East and every place in between it sells swimsions and condy bars, we'll find out that man with some bad beard and baseballs have held bent on and stolen it all. Here once come and do it is involved. Michael Moore is not being on that ice. Maran Hife 711. Actually is my encouragement. Yes. What we're recruiting to children and politicians to work in tenement source when Michael Moore comes in with a hanger for 20s. Sir, please come back in on a second. Maran Hife 711. Now we're showing 24 hours a day. 7 weeks a week. And this is going to be on Pau-Zon, a clock on CNN demand. I'm certainly not news network. Michael Moore? Good yes. I didn't like that. So he's everywhere. He's in Broward trying to help find him. Maran Hife 6000 lost absentee ballots. He's working with the move on people and then he's going to move on a clock and the beyond what Pau-Zon. Which I'm really amazed that they're actually putting him on and somebody must have gotten to them, you know what? Maybe it's because of that sincere thing. But I don't. Oh yeah. Now, let's say when you got a little bit of spare time, but today over the weekend, you might want to go to the O'Rages.com. Not just the usual fun games like we got Barbara Cabrera. We had to be the current today, which is fine. But even more exciting than I think. And then I miss my videos on there. Which I watched the estate. So that's a bad. Right. I see for him. All right. And more importantly, the math, the two things above. First of all, the dive will welcome the Florida State vote. Electronic voting system. Did you try that? Yeah. Yeah. It's just trying voting for Kerry on that. And then of course the button. Not only doesn't register, but then it's like running away. And then it turns into a bush button. That's Florida. That's the Florida F in way. But underneath that, maybe the greatest thing we've ever had on our website, the bush, the bush of brain game. It's hard to get away from that thing, you know? Remember the one we had the dancing bush? Yeah. Yeah. That was great. But this one might even be better. Because you have to try to drop, you know, and has a bunch of brains that keep popping up on there. And he's got the head opener waiting and it keeps moving around. Like one of those things that are carnival at an amusement park. Right. And when you actually, when you finally get lucky and you drop the brain in the W's head, all of a sudden his head starts like a light nut, like a light bulb. And he starts to be like, oh, some really fantastic stuff like. I boog our rap even better than that. So there's some point to play with over the weekend. So to speak. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a year, Verizon, singular wireless lines, WQAM hello. Hey, I'd like to make a suggestion for the bull today. Yes, man. I think that you should add national security as one of the choices. Okay. Is that your choice? No, actually it's not. I can't decide everything. My main issue is getting the head of office. Okay, good choice. We have thanks. Thank you. Okay, national security. You got that on it? How about whole-mind security? How's that sound? You got a garage? Can you handle it? Yeah, that's H O O O O O S C X. I'm sorry. I'm a homo. WQAM hello. Yeah, I'd like to speak to you. Speaking. Oh, no. On Wednesday, we're all going to have a very religious experience. We're all going to hear from a burning bush. You're not. You're not. We're going to hear the voice from the burning bush. Let me, let me say this. Oh, it's like his idea of freedom. His the same as Janet Stopplin. Freedom just another word for nothing left to lose. Right. That's how we're going to be. We have nothing left. I knew Janice was good for something. Okay. Thanks, Bally. Bye-bye. Zachism. That's what the Chinese say. Zachism, Rodney Clay, I'm out there. What kind of code were talking? Okay, we're talking Jutalk. Okay. You get it? Too bastard. WQAM hello. What about the B. Yes. Yes. I'm sorry, too. Okay, great. Boy, you're quick on him. QAM hello. Mr. Rodney? Mr. Rodney, yes. How you doing, sir? Huh? Okay. I've always wanted to involve in demigrant this year. I'll ride. And I want to tell you the reason why I'm trying to. I'll maybe I'll see once I go for George Bush. But I'm listening to his click low story. But 22 years mean my father and Virginia. I'm not here visiting my father, mother, not her retired man here. But 22 years, he's a guy in a similar electronic part for the government. That's two years ago, we get a letter from the government's senior boy in our contract. And we've got an important course for that. And in terms of how to do our contract with some company in South Korea. And in terms of how to do 17 percent more for the product. Well, we were charging. So when we got our own stock, they're outsourcing your life and your business and they even put your business in their own business. Because of this, my business, we had to went bankrupt, and we had to close down. And we were, I get 90 percent above business for the government. And I knew a release that was 600,000 employees of my company. And this is a great, I'm not going to be probably the last 20 years of my life. And I'm not going to be the end of the day. So I've had a second man. And they destroyed 600,000 business man did. And he's capable of doing anything now. And I can't have the family letter destroyed from the guest or the kids that are quite in the war that we should be in first place. Now, just let everybody know what to work with, you know, he is. Okay, good luck to you, Palik. All right, man. Thanks. Are you like that? I don't. Lots of stories out there in the making city, all across the country, boys and girls, who continue outsourcing your jobs, outsourcing your life, sending your kids away to we made into a human sacrifice. I'm glad the woman called, I couldn't have was afraid for a second. She was going to say that was her issue. And then of course, it turned out she had more sense than that. But this business about, you know, the women of America, especially the housewives, now they're going more toward Bush because they're worried about homeland security. Here's to go to it's made the world about a thousand times more dangerous than ever was before. Under his watch, we had the only terrorist attack in the history of this country on our soil. And he's going to do something for our homeland security. You see, one thing I will say is that generally, speaking, women at a one-time sexist, but women's scare more easily than men. Yeah. So the scare attack is that they've been using constantly, but, well, you know, they were going to have nuclear weapons. They're going to be attacking the major cities that kind of would know, I mean, changing every other day comes out with none of what he's wild accusations. And about if Carrie gets in, it's a hell of a lot more likely we're going to have another terrorist attack based on what? And about how weak he's going to be. Yeah. So this made crap up as they go along. And like Carrie is starting to say, last couple of days, they have nothing. They have nothing after four years in office. All they can do is make personal attacks. Here's a decorated warning, hero. And it has spent two months of the summer time defending his war record against these so-called Swipbo veterans that they dug up and paid for within our money for all these spots you see on TV. It's a smear because that's all enough. He didn't have to John McCain. He's been doing it. That's how he spaked his way through his whole life. Faking his way through the Yale to the National Guard, to the Texas Rangers, you name it. Not of course, I mentioned his fat ass brother who's busy trying to keep people from voting and Florida again. See, they don't mind if everybody votes as long as it's the everybody that they want to vote. Everybody else bug off. That's story alone about how Jim comes up and he's wanting to pull a talk about brazen and blatant. And I guess they figured they can get away with it again because they didn't write him broad daylight four years ago. And just like they did, they book a brand that we just got through playing about. You know, let us in. Let us in the ship and all these outsiders, they'd bust them in from DC and everywhere else who have nothing to do with Florida and they were there because it's winning by intimidation. That's what it's all about. They intimidated they, intimidated their way right into the White House. So if you're happy with four years of fascism and all of a sudden insanity that's going on and human sacrifice for your kids, then by all means you should vote for four more years of this. How's that pull coming? Don't let me get too agitated. We still got a ways to go, okay? All right. I'm out to go before this finished counting the votes and fixing it up again. I'm out of this. Which campaign is he was most important to you? We've got 633 vote. Homeland Security guy, when we just put it on there, jobs in the economy, 171. Iraq 161. Civil liberties 105. Religion's extreme is a 83. None of them get it over with already 69. Stemstar research 23. Cuba 9. It was Cuba. Cuba. The draft four is real four. A abortion three. And like I said, Homeland Security we haven't won. I think Tom read voted. I think we'll write this. I guess we'll see what we can do. I just got it. Well, my God. I'm dying out of here. Every day is in him 20. We never yet alive. That must be. They have something to hide. That now they respect a Canadian by rights. What's really good, we've had no subdued to do. Like a yellow line, they're dying by the corporate media by. And that's why if we have a yellow line, can't explain. The beginning of what these might do. I told him we'd see that his bench with the shenner's no good. And you don't start to move. Eight, eight, a round day. One, two, three, eight, a very yellow line. Look at that Italian upboard right now. The bottom line. We have a yellow line. Six, six, six. Eight, eight, a round day. What is that thing? What is yesterday? I'm a fart. I'm a fart. I'm a fart. I was in his like his pj's. What is that? What kind of a schmuck is that? And when he's not going to Paris to gaper, he says he's standing right there where he is. He likes it in his compound. W. Six. Even I'm a muse by that. Six hundred and sixty six votes on that pool. What does that tell you? The antichrist is alive and well. He's rolling the earth. His name is George W. Bush. So all you religions out there, if you think you're going to be doing the right thing, you're going to be doing the far right thing if you go for the antichrist. Of course I shouldn't tell them because they're itch and for Amrigin baby. Which campaign is she was most important to you? Johnson, economy, hundred and eighty. Iraq, 160, civil liberties, one fourteen. Religion's extremism, eighty eight. Crazy religious nuts. Excuse the redundancy. None of these, going to go over with all ready seventy. Stem cell research twenty three, Cuba nine. The draft six is real four abortion three and one month's agreed to go one. You have six six six hundred you think? I did. That's what I got. Let's move it up. Yeah. It's moving on up. W. K. N. This is a small amendment. Are we going to have meetings to decide on the property set the raise traction front of the make it's divided up? You mean from the slide? Well, let me. Can't get us to the right. Wait a second. Wait a second. Calm down and say no get all the dump into a frenzy. Because it's usual. I got to the story. I got to stir right here. I read it before. And I hope I hear it is. In fact, if you go back to your radio and listen, I'll read it again. Okay. I know the sense by no to say about the taxes, but the profits didn't make. I look at it. I'm going to get it back to some of the employees. The horseman. Some by theft. There's no question. I'm going to go to it. Well, but what do you think they're going to attract a lot of them for in the first place? Of course. Well, I'm in the wrong book. The toilet is a waste of the truck. Are they going to get away? I can't tell you about the individual people. But when you have that much more handle than money going through there, they would seem likely that everybody's going to benefit. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I can only get better, man. All right. I'll take you away for. Okay. Good luck. Four horse. Don't forget. Seriously. I mean, the person is like here would buy. It's overdowns. Forget about Kennedy. Look at the overdones in Delaware. Think you little track there. Harrington. And the person is gigantic. Why? Because they have slots there. And because they have enormous amount of revenue goes into the first season of the horsemen. The industry that is enabling them to be there. And then plus the big chunk that goes to the state. In this case, specifically here, I will read this again. I'm glad he mentioned this. Because you really need to be motivated to go. Yes, on amendment four. Now that all these scare mice here is about there again. Oh, they mob is going to come in. And man is going to be so much crime. How can there be crime at the racetrack? What are they talking about? Well, you know, whether it's gambling, there's crime in drugs and prostitutes. Right. And it's just an evil door for sure. I see. If Florida voters open the door for slot machines and date and grow the traction front on sentiment of an assigned and agreement, they sign it on paper, maybe. To handle were 30 percent. About third man. Of their slot profits to school throughout the state. Even if the state legislature never votes to let me attack on them. Seven per mutual facilities in the two county area of sign a legal agreement with the Florida School Board's Association to handle were profits at the estimate could reach $438 million in the first year and two and a half billion over five years, two and a half billion. There's been a lot of talk about wanting the guarantee this money goes to the school said former state education commissioner Jim Horn, who is the Howard Spokesman for amendment for. There's been a lot of cynicism in questioning the motor. So today we're putting our absolute lot of t on it. The school show that state voters are more amenable to the support of the stock proposal if they feel assured the promised dollars will actually go to education. And of course not about the Florida's public schools are woefully underfunded. It's at Wayne Blanton executive director of Florida's School Board's Association. We rank in the bottom 25 percent nationally and at the same time have unprecedented demands placed on us and then before we go along with it, help our schools. Other day, we mentioned school board association with the strip of the money to all 67 school districts using the state education funding formula. The school board association meanwhile promised to would ensure there's public oversight of how the money is distributed and an annual public order of how it's spent. I mean how can you be that? As of course you just give it a you know we're going to pray in a big generalized promise they put it in writing in there about a specific as you can get. What's not to like right? It's a sign. It's a sign. Except all an evil to worse. You see this is this is the only way that opponents of a rational society can operate against this scary everybody to peel the most to your fears near worth instincts. Everything is evil. Everything is bad. They're going to bring the end of the world. And of course in a bookwish in Oregon all his right wing lunatics that could certainly bring the end of the world. Not that I'm trying to scare it. Right with other to one. A top democratic congressman is accused of the food and drug administration. Not that we don't want to enthrase your government of course. Of deliberately withholding documents that he said describes severe problems that cure runs through vaccine factory until after next week's presidential election. How do you like that? Just like all those other documents just like that C.I.A. report about top officials who were responsible for our 911 allowing it to happen. Well that's not telling anybody until after the election just like Bush and Lowe to the base making that comment about well maybe in December or let's sum it up Canadian drugs you buy them. Yeah maybe in December after you put me in there again just maybe he'll stop helping out of friends in the promise of cream history but don't count on it. And letter this week to the FDA representative Henry Waxman of California the senior Democrat on the House Committee on Government Reform said that confidential source inside the FDA told him the office of acting FDA commissioner Lester Crawford had received documents describing the FDA's findings if they live a pool plant and addressing whether the flu vaccine prices could be prevented. The agency is so far refused request from congress and media for copies of FDA's special reports and other documents describing problems that the C.I.A. run plant including the results of an inspection June 2003 about the time that C.I.A. required a facility. Because of the problems that the plan and Liverpool England almost 50 million doses of flu vaccine were with health in the market this year about half a west of fly. Lester and quoted the sources saying that Crawford or someone in his office had made a decision not to release these documents to Congress until after the election. A spokesman for license have the sources an individual known to Waxman staff and we believe the person to be speaking the truth. The individuals name is being with health because if he were from nations and because obviously he wants to. Say a lie. You are listening to new Roger. You are on 560. Thank you. Amen. Do you brush back on? Here. Back on. I'm dying out of the hands. Why not? No. One election. Said I like no. One election. Have to vote. Countable. Badly. Countable. Countable. All of. Countable. Badly. Countable. Countable. Countable. All. Ever since this presentation. Recently. I've been wondering who was going to win. Some probably people went to do their voting job. Some countable the ballots and but I was got more. Those old folks who don't have one thing in common. Looks like others have just be able to petryk view cannons. So I'd rather know who. One the election. I don't know. Yes, I'd like to know who. One the election. Countable. Countable. Good. Countable. Countable. Ever. Countable. Good. Countable. Countable. Countable. Final tabulation started from a new. Then I saw a new splash on Chettleton. Oh my God. Some may we keep all all together in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which all the punch. Like them. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like others have just be able to petryk view cannons. Oh. So I'd like to know who. One the election. Said I'd like to know who. One the election. Or I'd like to know who. One the election. Yes, I'd like to know who. One the election. Countable. Countable. Steady. Countable. Countable. Countable. Countable. Countable. Oh. Countable. A man if we're push, wouldn't both countable. I'm in. I'm in. A man if we're push, countable. I'm there in a mall. Countable. The next step. What was that? What was your dream? Countable. Yeah, you dropped something. I'm both dressed. Oh. Now I was scotty, Mackigan. He's a celebrity again today. Scotty Mack. Why? Boys and the parents. Thank God. I'm a big and scotty Mack and silly college kids. I was go, um, I don't know. I guess I did mention this few days ago, but it bears repeating again. Scores of college students in Pennsylvania and Oregon have had their voting registration switch by teams of Republican canvassers circulating bogus petitions. And in some cases, partially concealed voter registration forms that students were requested to sign. Partially concealed voter registration forms. Are you following this? No. The canvassers of all visited campuses asking students to sign petitions advocating lower auto insurance rates. Medical marijuana or strict or rape laws according to election officials. After signing their names, the students were pressured into registering with the Republican party, by being told that their signatures otherwise would be invalid. Or they were asked to fill out the signature and address portions of black voter registration forms as proof of citizenship. In multiple, and in other would just sign here. In multiple instances, students already registered voter had their registration chains without a consent. Elections officials said yesterday, this is a Pissper Post Gazette. Petition campuses in Pennsylvania, apparently did not identify themselves. Although one told the University of Pittsburgh student that he was being paid by the Republican party. In another instance, the head of the Oregon Students Association said a canvasser report on state university told him he was with Project America of votes. Republican badge registration effort. Elections officials said the switch in party registration would not affect the student's eligibility cast balance for the candidates of their choice number two. Although we could determine the party parameters which they continued part in the future. Several said they were mystified by the candidates who were bothered to change registrations. Although one told a student in Oregon that he was receiving 12 bucks for each no Republican registration. They got more money. The Democrats, you want to get paid. But put it Republicans is thinking of switch over to a voter student who get 12 bucks. Students have the Indiana University of Pennsylvania in a branch camp. A Montgomery County community college. The officials they were tricked into selling out black voter registration forms. Listing the names and addresses when they signed a petition advocating the legalization of marijuana from a digital purposes. Yeah. That's what they used voting for the canon. It's the same thing. Oh, that's choice. I'm pretty sure that they weren't students who needed to verify his status as a voter. Several days later, the trouble received a mail notification of this party registration. The party registration and switch to you've guessed it Republican. IUP appeared to have been hit hardest by the scan. County voter registration director Donald Hoover said as many as 400 registration suspect forms arrived in the office. Most of them, she said, change the register party. Students would sign up to vote just days earlier during registration drive by two other groups. America coming together and VIP. Most of the students have registered Democrats that maybe four who were said, I've talked to the sheriff. The sheriff is coming in baby. That's right. Markings on many of the forms appeared to be in the same handwriting she said. I think like that. Just sign here. Don't just sign anywhere. Okay, before you sign anything, read it. Perhaps somebody weed it to you. Well, first of all, if you're like a college student you have been. Have some you read it to you. Let's understand it. Oh, there you go. Oh, great. Greg, may I call you? Greg, may I call you? Greg, may I call you? Greg, may I call you? Greg, may I call you? Greg, may I call you? Greg, may I call you? Good children's life. But you reported that the discovery of fossils of Highness Chancellor Von. And you did that, my father. I'm not that old. He said he's just a wolf. But you reported that the he's gendered well in etrie's termnonsense. He's also a figure that's new. Gra Robbie. See, here's the thing I don't understand. Why would you want to waste your time doing that when you didn't do the early voting anyway, right? Right. I mean, you probably still got to probably have to stand online longer to do the voting, at least get it done. At least that way there's a chance at my count. Gregory says I'm working as an attorney for Kerry, not only is it a great thing to do a salsa of the way way to meet women or men, so come down to your local Kerry office. And here's the victory in 2004. This is very in the road, Helius. Hey, like that. Do we do I also mention to put help here on there? How can we lead that off? Am I a moron or a dergo-what? And you didn't remind me help? I'm sorry. Major, Major issue, baby, went and out, stick it out. You're in the same group as me, you're in the same group as me, you're in the same group as me, you're in the same group as me. The first, the first, the first, the first! The second, the second! The second, the second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The second! The third! The third! The old! We found it! The third! We're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're going to be the first time we're We're going to be a perfect place, we're going to be comfortable and comfortable and balanced. When you have aawia, science is unharmed and positive. We walked to regular bakers in horse sportsMO InRead explain the fact that we  one of that. The fact that we are at littlemoon days, the fact that you have a knot. Especially because of our training winning styles with a  Mozart and a new technique, we are going to beparkers or with a tangers or even a chance to create a fanYem forantox combine plays The territory of the house, Bye bye bye! How was the bathroom? You're so cute! You're so cute! Why are you so funny? Oh yeah, that feels great.