I'm gonna fly through the floor. And I'm first in Florida with an HD radio digital signal. I'm gonna get gorgeous traffic, but... It did. My enemy Ford Mother Day, huh? Her free. Close it up. BAH BAH! Why the you bastard? Hey, damn demon! All right, Tom, everybody together round. A condiment here. What kind of process do you want? Sit in, Robin. In it in your waters, Bob, is it non-violet? You come for a right month, they come. I'm the condiment. Boop, can you organize a bullet, pal? I'm gonna supply, come. Turn the other cheek. Put that the bread up, rock or cold, a bread and pour a wing. The gun live on. The gun live on. Boop, can you organize a bullet, pal? The gun live on. The gun live on. The car she makes is it with love and extras, it's them, don't care. Boop, can you spot it on just for a while? But there's just one more thing. What the fuck? Who can make his own clothes, not a great deposit, the gun live on. The gun live on. The gun live on. The gun live on. The gun live on. The gun live on. The gun live on. into six pennies, young, or the other religious persuasions. What a very new park, is young. So, do we? No, open the railings, say the beat, say the beat. We can't really take a punch. We can't punch a punch. We can't pass without the dinner or the breakfast or a lunch. The guy demand. Oh, the guy demand. Oh, the guy demand. The guy demand. Because he makes his head with love and makes his head soft. Makes his head soft. Yes, the guy demand. And because he makes his head soft and makes his head soft. Oh, and the orcending of his frees his head. You're the best guy to do what they say. Oh, I swear. I will. God of my snow. Thank you for good bandie down. I'll say that right now. 10 or three at five, 60 WQM. Happy Friday, May 14. And man, oh, man, you must be QM ratings party last snow. From what I hear was a real blast. Yeah. There was a hoot. Harry Sarner was there smoking and drinking. Drinking and smoking. Not any of that trade food. I'm sure. I don't know. We all have witnesses about that. And the bad news is that he got back safely from the York. I just plain didn't crash. Well, we wouldn't want to plane to crash because a lot of innocent people would have been done. Probably on a good people. Right. So we'll find some other way for Gary. I'm sure. So in any way answered all your questions that you were asking during the open there. Does he really? He does. And. And wait, he's got a waterload of the microphone. That's a long trip for him. Come on. Let's go. A cue ball. Joe's out here because Goldie has his charity golf event today. Joe is hanging out with Goldie. Yes. Maybe he ran the herald this morning. Maybe. Goldie was there last night. Who's too. Our pretty and tight. I'll take it as they are. Joe Rose and Kelly. And I'll take it as a break. Oh, I know. I know that. I know that. You're going to get an answer. No, I wasn't asking you a question. No, he's just a babbling. Sorry. But why do we have Tom Jick on here? Because any K is going to be doing Hank's lot. By the way, Dave Johnson will be calling that 11. We'll give you the winners in the pre-gnist again. Just like I did in the derby. But why do we have Tom Jick on here? Is that the best we could do? And why do we have the big. Oh, on this morning. Oh, my goodness. With Mo and a big O. That is painful. What's the answer for that beast? Look, he doesn't that one. The Omo show. Isn't one Omo enough? I'm a home. Anyway, let's cut the crap. Some Sentinel has a nice error on their sports section. At least on their website. I don't know about it in the newspaper. It says sharps and flyers when playoff series game three. Yeah. I actually went to bed. I didn't watch the rest of very boring sharps. Calgary flames game last night. Charms one three nothing. But the flyers did not win game three. They got beat by 10th of a very, very solidly four to one. They got walloped. nicely. Ice going lightning, baby. So here's the Sun Sentinel once again. Showing their ass to the world. We'll have Tom Jick on tonight. At the 10 o'clock right after the Marlins game at St. Louis. There'll be Philan for 80K. Philan for 80K was Philan for Hank. Who is not going to be on because Joe Rose was a guilty's government. So Jeldi wasn't going to be on. So we had the big. Oh, what a mishmash man. That's one of the problems with his radio station. That nobody ever knows who else going to be on. What's your number one complaint? It was our pull question yesterday. Probably should have put that in there too. What the hell is the lineup? A QA met the only station in America that's got you can pencil in the lineup. 1971 votes. What's that all about? Pretty heavy duty total. Would you say it? Especially for this time of year when there's nobody in town as we discovered yesterday. Number one complaint bush is destroying America. 984 votes on that. I'm not getting enough sex to 1121. I'm getting older and it sucks 131. I'm as fat as a cow and can't lose weight. 99 tell me all about it. Nobody's speaking English in Miami 93. Laws of parts sounds on the Arojou show. 69. My wife isn't bisexual 68. South Florida driver 65 the American media sucks 55 and we know that's. That's a lootly correct. I live in Florida 47 pretty bummed out about that. Mohour David had still on the Air 46. My boss is a pull 33. How about my bosses and emotional cripple? That's the case here at QAM. Our boss is an emotional cripple who needs his we team and now to come him down this morning. Muff is in their spoon feed into him right now. Come on Greg. Have another. Come on. Come on. Here you go. This a coming down. Give him some doggy downers. Okay. Man. What an emotional cripple. What a lunatic. I have no line. Get a wife Greg. Doggy bug me. The homeless voice 18. O.J. Simpson is still free 15. It's too humid to spell with 101. Oh no why. 10. The child supports his him 8. The mommy hurled 5. And giant mosquitoes. Big is bowling balls. Only 4. Worried about that. So it is a little bit. You scratch. You make it bleed. All out of the stuff. And then of course you want to put West Now virus. And you have all sorts of horrible things happen. It's a big thing of things happening. Very jackass writes in a hurled this morning. He says WQM is considering pairing Steve Gully Geldstein. With Joe Rose 8 to 10 AM. Weakday speaking of joint at the last. Currently team with Howard David at 5 to wait. And Goldstein said he's speaking with Panther officials about the team's vacant radio play by play job. Alright. Let me just. Can I interject one thing about Joe's McDonald? There's another one with no like. Get a life, Joe's okay. Quit emailing to Rimmer. All kinds of rumors. Our needle is ripping you and how come you're going to lunch with him? Because I'm buying. That's why which I did. Although the goodness is Rimmer only had a bowl of Montevall soup. Because they didn't have his kishki. Oh, so I lucked out. And he actually reached for where his wallet was supposed to be. Oh, I don't think it was really in there. You really saw his on moves. So go up, Jogs. Okay. And quit being a dotting old fool like like Mohour David. Alright. You already retired just sit back and enjoy life. Go out and play some golf model around. Anyways, as meanwhile, WQM is considering we hiring Joe Costello to work on Howard David's morning show. Wow. Poor Joe. The Mojo show. The station fired him in co-host Mark Eisenberg from their late night gig earlier this year when Internet picture surface of them fully clothed with naked women in WQM studio. Right. It's very jackass. Indianapolis Sportscaster Dave Benz. Formally of Wami, 69 in Miami, remains suspended and definitely by station yesterday. After helping the heat market in department can access to the Colts locker room at the, at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Of course he wants work. Once upon a time works for Wami. Do you have any idea who that is? Wami. Got it sucks. So that's a, huh? Beast does. Who's the Dave Benz. He was on their sports desk show. I heard he does the deep knee. Benz. This is what I heard. Nobody cares about him. Nobody cares about Wami. No speaking in place. There are any more either. Another one of those spik stations. So that's the LA this done at. That was our poll result. That's the very jackass column. Which is much to do about nothing. We like Joe Custellable. That's all I'll say about that. We'd like to have him back on here. That's all I'll say about that. As far as him working with more well. You know, I wouldn't wish that on Hitler. But it's a paycheck. No, it's a paycheck. It's a paycheck. As far as guilty being hours. Joe Rose. I'm a little bit skeptical about that. Because even though I know they just love each other like crazy. Uh, Joe did just great in that last book yet. A 5.3 share in the eight o'clock hour. A 5.3 share in the nine o'clock hour. In other words, no matter how you figure it, he did a 5.3 hit a big book. Nice going Joe. Little dog. Blockhead. So why would you again? Why would you think you were around when you got a guy that's doing so great? How much is signing a contract with a guy and putting him on a payroll? That would be good Greg. Another net just leave the hell alone. Quit dittling and dittling and dittling man. He just never leaves bad enough alone. Did we just have a great book? There's a what the hell's it probably? Leave it alone already. Put Joe on there with mull and then leave a guilty go do the panther games. Like guilty go hang out at Jugs House. Which is a good idea. By the way, I'm hearing rumors about how much money guilty is making you. I don't dare tell you even off the year. I don't you would you'd never be the same again. Whatever. No no. You would not say well. I'm used to it. Now trust me. All right. What we got behind the beaded curtain today. Lisa Bonne. See. She's not one of my favorite looking people. I'll tell you that. Nevertheless. Nevertheless. She's like she was born November 16, 1967. If you got 75 pieces of ID, you can take a look at it. Right there behind the beaded curtain on the arages.com. Which I'm sure many of you have already because you really desperate. I have no lie. I agree. You're saying I have no lie. She was born in San Francisco. Did you know that now you do? But she's also sometimes credited as Lisa Bonne. Never Bonne, Moroni. Look. And sure if that fanny. No Lisa Bonne. I don't think we can even say that. Lilacoy Moon was certainly cancer that and Lilacoy with a cue you are. It's like Iroquois Moon. Did you know that? No. Yeah. And every now and then, what's in a while, she's credited as cock-a-long. Yeah, that too. Some of her movies, some of her great work, Biker boys, Lays of a heaven, High fidelity, enemy of the state, dead connection. Oh yeah, dead connection. We know about that. New Eden, Bank robber, a different world, Walt Disney Celebrity Circus on TV, Angel Art, The Cosby Show. Oh yeah, I remember she was on the Cosby Show and I didn't even watch the Cosby Show. And then, not that, the big of a deal. Anyway, so there she is. She's on our website if you really desperate. Just keep your hands under the above. I mean above the table, under your knees. Now, we have to do the break. Got a lot of heavy duty stuff here today. Here's today's poll question. I don't, there was something I inspired me to do this. I don't know what it was. I don't think we ever did this one, exactly. This way. I don't know. No, we just recently did the one about the worst. None. The worst. Chain. None fast food. Remember that? That was the last food thing we did. I think years ago we did something along these lines. Maybe we say. Well, let's do it again now. They all forgot. Because it's a list. Oh no, got for it. Jason's not there in four is it's Sean? That's Sean. For Sean and is the beast going to be hanging in there or what? He's hovering. He's hovering as long as there's food going to be coming around. The beast will remain. We're more I'm hearing is that he sucked up lots of food at that party last night. That's what I'm hearing. We all are very sarnetful. My good close personal friend Yuri Sarner. Who's a schmuck? Here's today's pool. What's the best sit down? No fast food restaurant and software to today. We're not talking about restaurants from a hundred years ago. The famous we've done those a million times. Open today. Open for business. The best sit down. No fast food. I put down roots. Chris. That's what I started with. And it can be any category. We're not going to be like while steak houses on Monday and Italian on Tuesday. That would be ridiculous. Although something to think about. 1013 at 560 WQM you know, Vulmas TV but it's not just pedestrian ordinary regular TV. It's high definition TV delivered by a satellite dish and HD receiver. The picture is so clear. It's like reaching in there and you can almost touch these people. The quantities like comparing the latest DVD to a scratchy old Thomas Edison flick. Viac, what is it? Vulmas say Viacom? Vulmas the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV. It's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver and of course the remote. And Vulmas got over 30 channels of salooning of HD programming here. Watch ESPN on high definition that three times more than you get from cable. And they've got all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV, even your local channels too. And again we apologize for those. Vulmas got over 120 channels of great entertainment. They've even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music, and sports that you can't out get from your cable or satellite company. So with Vulmas you get everything you've got now plus all these awesome high definition channels. They're awesome. Call Vulmas today for limited time offer. 1-8-6-8-48-86-86 special offer includes free installation, no upfront cost, no long-term commitment. Offerance may 31st. They begin with a call toll free 1-8-6-8-48-86 or check them on the way of at Vulmas. I'm I. And look all this is 4-3-05-60. You way away, you way ham. The Rogers God. A ride. Let's up you some more prisoners. Only, let's free nice and loud. Get me some words and a fat free pack. I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't care if they ain't from my rack. You'd use to the torture cause we're just playing their game in the past. It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying. 10-17 at 5-60, WQAM. Now somebody's lying. We want to suggest that your government would lie to you because that would make you very cynical. We don't want you to do that. That would be bad. You've got to believe everything your government tells you that would never lie. They're good people. They're there because they want to take care of us. They want to work for us. Take care of our business. Why would you doubt that? But somebody's lying because diplomats email showed that Nick Berg was in custody. A US diplomatic official in Iraq told a family of Slain American Nicolas Berg that he was being detained by the US military when they lost contact with him for several days in early April. According to emails provided by the family yesterday, they got the emails there. They are right there. US government officials, though, have said Berg who was found dead last week in Iraq that was detained by a wrecky police and was never the custody of American forces. How do you like that? So who do you believe you believe your government? Only if you're a moron, only if you're a total moron. He has believed him in kidnapped within days of his release by either a wrecky police or coalition forces, and later be headed by militants who videotaped the slain as we all well to know. Bad. To back its claims that Berg was in US custody, the family showed the associate of press and April first email from Beth A. Paine, the US consular officer in Iraq. Who said? I have confirmed that your son Nick is being detained by the US military in Mosul. He is safe. He was picked up approximately one week ago. We will try to obtain additional information regarding his detention and a contact person you can communicate with directly the email said. And two emails later that day, Paine wrote that she was still trying to find local contact for the family. Berg's brother David Berg called on the government to come clean about its contacts with a slain American before he died. The family is blamed the government for keeping an custody for too long while anti-American violence escalated in Iraq. In other words, he could have gotten out when it was good, but they didn't let him because they were holding him. Now they said, we didn't have him. Well, if they never had him, how could they have offered him that free ride home? Whatever that was their story a couple of days ago. Now they're saying they never had him in custody. Right? Right? Are you doubting again? Yes. Because your government lies to you, Democrats lie, Republicans lie, in the pendants lie, Ralph Nader lies, the green people lie, the purple people lie. All the lies all the time am I right? Absolutely. You lie? Yeah, you bet. Just like if I were to tell you that I worked for like a real radio station. Oh man, that wouldn't be, that would be like a sick joke, not a lie. Now speaking of sickness, New York Post today, there's all kinds of stories, the new inquiries I'll tell you, please know that. We got the MS on the John Vanne Killer who committed suicide, the real killer, now that, what's his name? What is his name? What's his name? Daddy, he's running for Congress of Michigan. Oh, I thought, did you know that? I don't know, but I have no idea. No, Patcy and John Ramsey. And that is he? I guess? I don't know, I'll decide that out of mind. I haven't even talked about them a long time. We want to apologize, in fact, you ought to apologize because you've been playing at nasty. He made time for me to open the hall. He made time when he took me up in the hall. See, now come to find out that the real killer is committed sausage, it says the inquiry, and the inquiry don't make mistakes for you often. But we'll get to that eventually. Iraq's feared Abu Graib jail was one big sex rom sometimes by candlelight with an audience watching you as troops said yesterday. Your girlfriend, she was real busy. Sex and booze were commonplace in soldiers frequently set up candle at rooms for a voyeuristic sex shows, and a soldier who served at the set of soldiers served the notorious prison. There were lots of affairs, there was all kinds of adultery and alcoholism, and all kinds of crack going on. Said Dave Bishal, a national guardsman with the 870th military police unit, who returned home from Abu Graib last month. There was a bed found in one of the abandoned buildings, there was a mattress on the ground that had chairs all circled around it, and candles all over the place said Bishal adding that chairs were obviously for an audience. Maybe Alex Bennett was there. They had a live studio audience. The soldiers said the ex-witted liaison said the prisoner made easier by its maze-like layout, and that other troops frequently turned a blind eye to what their pals were up to. One of the female soldiers supposedly had sex in a gang bang said Terry Sto and MP from California, from time to time things like this would happen, a gang bang. The horse Virginia did it at all turn. News of the shocking sex campaigns in the controversial lock-up come as a friend of the disgraced reserveist Lindy England last out into the fence yesterday saying, Tates are having sex in the prison where personal or her and her boyfriend with whom she is in love. Right. Congress members of huge shocking new pictures of recently Iraqi jails at England appeared in a sick-o video, having sex in front of prisoners in Abu Graib and that she was stat in graphic sex acts with other US soldiers. But one family friend and sister the Racy V. Ziris had sex only with her boyfriend's, a specialist Charles Granger, one of six others from the 372 military police company facing charges for the abuse and that the pair are madly in love. He said the ex-rated tapes have been taken from their foot lockers. We were all amazed by this, he only had sex with him said Kenny Flanagan was known England since childhood. The pregnant England who's now stationed at Fort Bragg North Carolina met Granger 35 of divorce father of two, shortly before the Paris Merlin based unit was posted to a rack. At this particular article about, it's, Granger is charted because there's more. I already smicked it, but I'm going to dig it out of the trash. They want about the inquiries to it because it says that she's pregnant but very likely not by him. You following that? Yeah. Well, you haven't had a little gang bang. Maybe they were having like a little Sodom. And they could have a morey povichou just done. What's wrong with a little Sodom? You know, a little Sodom wouldn't, but Sodom might. A. Granger is charted with overseeing numerous abuses of Iraqi prisoners in Paris and several photos of the on private living at Himalayas and Iraqi captives. Another soldier involved in a scandal, specialist Jerry Jeremy Sivitz told Army investigators, Granger would mock the detainees and brutalize them. The LA Times reported last night. In one incident, he allegedly punched the detainees so hard he knocked them unconscious as eyes were closed. He wasn't moving. Sivitz was quoted saying, afterward Granger shook his fist and said, damn that hurt to report said. Sivitz, who the paper said is expected to plead guilty at a court martial proceeding next week, also disputed England's claim that she was ordered to post for the snapshot that shocked the world. One picture showed her holding an ikka-diracchi men on a dog leash and in the others, she shown making thumbs-up signs in front of a pyramid of ikka-diracchi men and putting at the generals of an ikka prisoner. Sivitz at England was laughing at the different stuff that they were having to detainees do. He also shocked on her claim that the soldiers were ordered to abuse the prisoners and said, Granger warned him not to tell a higher-ups about how they were being treated. Our command would have slammed us if it said. New photos and videos revealed by the Pentagon to lawmakers and private doing Wednesday showed attack-daw sterling at countering prisoners, Iraqi women forced to expose their breasts, and they could prisoners forced to have sex with each other. I better get the other one out of the trash. Because you are sure when he heard a lot more about Lyndy England, I'm all they are people to the villagely, banging. But MSNBC reports, photo-made show intelligence officers in charge. So in other words, somebody again may be lying here. I realize that's very hard for you to stomach because most of you folks aren't used to having people in charge, people in authority, people with uniforms on a liety, like police and military government officials, things like that. A abusive treatment of the supervision of military intelligence officers may have been intentionally used as part of the interrogation of Iraqi captives at the Abograe Prison According to a previously unpublished photograph of US soldiers, another personnel obtained by NBC News, have you seen this one? It's on our website. No, go there. The photograph was taken during the interrogation of several Iraqi prisoners who are depicted naked in a heap on the floor, according to a military police officer, faces a court martial, a connection with the alleged abuses at the notorious facility on the outskirts of Baghdad, the officer, again its Charles Granger of Green County, Pennsylvania, is leaning against the wall of the photograph, which is provided by his attorney, guys, Walmart. Granger identified for their soldiers in the photo labeled numbers 4, 5, 7, 8 in the copy of the private NBC News as military intelligence officers, when we said we're in charge of interrogation at the prison, a civilian translator's labeled number 2 in Granger's number 1. The involvement of military intelligence officers encouraging obesity trainees is emerged as a central question of the burgeoning scandal. Representative John Merthodim, a member of Pennsylvania, said last week that Granger had his photo taken with prisoners as proof that military intelligence officers force him to take part in abusive behavior. And of course, on and on, you can read the entire story of very long story of like nine pages, okay? Long story. There's the picture, okay? Which I'm sure that most people are much more interested in looking at the picture. Right. Where is it? And it's nothing, and not really a big deal, because you just see these guys all hovered around. They got numbers on their backs. Oh, yes, I saw that. See it? Okay. It's there. 20 says we'll get this a name shoot a poll. Here we'll get that thing going in a while. Well, we're good and ready, okay? We'll get around it. Like line 9 is first here. QAM. Uh, I like to talk to Neil. Speaking. I know that I went for your poll. Uh, my graduation didn't last year. We went to a cast of the Angelo. It was marvelous. We sat right at the tip of the next list with the Valerie Burr and the Kocazloff. Wow. So what do you got? I proved right in my pants. All of the end. So today that's why we got them off the team. Give us a hug. Okay. All right. Casa de Angelo, you got it? We got it. Okay. 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQM buying a mattress can be so confusing. So many brands, different model names that are restored. So we're almost impossible to compare. Plus all those phony sales, false promises, strings and tats. In other words, lies again. Everybody's lying. You really have to read the fine print. Which is why Dalama actress is so amazing because it's the easiest possible way to buy your mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get the best prices on the best brands with your delivery on your schedule when it's convenient for you and the best customer service in the business. Why would you want to shop any place else? Dalama actress won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Fortune War for excellence because they were harder than anybody else to earn your business before during an act of the sale. When you call 1-800 mattress and talk of one of the rest-red betting concerns you can rest assured, you can bet Greg's life on it. That you're getting the best possible mattress and deal all the way around. Choose from a complete line of silly, cert as Simmons King Coil, to have her peatig even turns and foster you it. Dalama actress takes same day orders all day long from candle to steward from Ojust to wish for me from Palm Beach to Fort Myers. So call 1-800 mattress right now and you pick the date and to our living window you want that mattress delivered and guess what they'll be there. They're on time 99.7% of the time. Believe you me I've been by my mattresses from these folks for years and you've once you do it the first time you'd never slut to those betting and departments to us again. Give them a call 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com. Dalama actress 1-800-MATTRES the only smart way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come. I have no luck. I have no luck. I'm a bottle of ramen, concentration, you replace the porter, have no shame on the bread. With the matter right to raise and torture himself. I'm currently in I-RACREAT because we hate them. Or something that we know they did not do. Push up our Nazi occupation. Yeah. Yeah we're all through. We're there, open to you, let the freedom bring. And I'll let you fight far, fly to that place. And those they get in my back, let them in my pile. There's a call back home and some safety in my home. We'll burn free in all that great that's far, far. And we'll go across the deep more stars. Like we're burned, we'll only follow our orders. What will be called? Oh my God. I'm in the East of Michigan. I like that little guy. I've been hurt like rubber on my powder, they got me. Pepper D2 has five suits. Okay let's get some names for this pool because I did dig the side of the trash. You're going to want to read about this national disgrace and then ask it on Quire. About your girlfriend, Linda England. You want to hear this? All right. Twice. Okay, what's the best hit down? No fast food restaurant and software today. And I will say this, you can put just about anything on here you like. But don't be putting on like red lobster, for example. Somebody calls in and says that. Or we put that on it. Oh no, because that would be an insult. That he, where everybody's taste. Well, you know, you're all talking about. Yeah. Got some smart asses out there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Line 9 again, QAM. Hello. Yeah, good morning, Neil. You sure. Okay. I want for your poll is the Sage Cafe on federal highway and for low to sale is consistently good to French restaurant, but it's not too French. And the food always comes out hot and everything is well prepared and delicious. Excellent. Thank you. I would be there. Thank you so much. Okay, that's it. I guess we're not going to get any calls on this. I'll just go to my stuff. We can just have two or three names on a poll. That'll be fine with me. I already don't care. And Ruth Chris and get all the votes. In fact, they have all the votes right now. There's only two names on here or three. Oh, Joe. Now how did it? Where Joe Stone crabs come from? How that's naked on there. Basically. What an idiot. What an absolute butt licker. Why you got to eat a free meal or something? No, I love it there. I waited for our teeth or I love it there. What is this? The Josh Dero just, what is this? What in God's name is this? Free cancer screening day? Really free? I don't understand this. This man lost his and here's a whole release on his. A whole plus and plus release. Planed parent of the South Palm Beach in Broward County's will offer one day a free reproductive cancer screen. He's due to the 18 for unintradement and women in Broward residing in Broward County. Residents can go to any of the three plant parent and health centers in Fort Lauderdale, Pembro Pines and Tamarack for testing. The fourth health center in Boko also operated by the local plant parent of the Fliol. The third health center in Boko is the one that will not be included in the software. So I even mentioned it. The three in Fort Lauderdale Pembro Pines and Tamarack. What is with this Josh Dero man? This kid is just a lunatic and actually a way to happen. What have you been doing to him, Beast? We can still say on the air. WQAM. Hello. Pretty good. I wanted to talk about the restaurant. Yes sir. What have you got? You got a lot of food for our percentage. Can I get one other? Hello. Get out of here. See we're one other. I'm going to have one. What is the best? How can there be one other? I'm not not playing that game today. Maybe sometime in the future like Go Met Monday. I'm not today. What is the best if you're going to have like one meal and take like somebody very important. Like a hot day or like a prospective boss or just somebody, you know, good friend. Life. Well, I'm sorry. Good friend. What's the best sit down? No fast food restaurant south for today. Not just name of what's your restaurant. Okay. We play that game way too many times on this show. Absolutely. WQAM. Hello. You weigh them. Thank you. WQAM. Hello. Uh, Ruben. Ruben? Ruben? Ruben's cafe. Ruben? It's on commercial and federal highway. A Ruben can't find it? I mean, commercial and A1A. I'm sorry. A Ruben can't find it? A Ruben. Yes. It's right on the water. It's excellent. And your buddy eats there. Who's that? You know who he is. Oh, this idiot. I forget about that. That's Ruben Jones. 5.670560. I thought it was him. And I thought, why he's actually seeing the name of a place. Don't even put it on there. Okay. Don't even dignify him with a response. WQAM. Hello. Yes. I have an entry for the pole. Yes. My suggestion would be to use MAMBO Chombo. It's a Latin American cafe. They have one in Western and one in Cull Springs in there. Their fabulous presentation is good. It's not just the one for beans and rice. They're really good. They're great. I hate a lump of beans and rice. So it's certainly beefed that. Is it MAMBO Chombo, MAMM and B.O.J.A.M? J.A. M.B.O. Right. Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Friends, soldier and prison love child scandal. Is one of the prisoners the father of the child she's carrying? This is in the inquiry. No. The female. The female U.S. soldiers become a symbol of the torture, readie, Iraq's oboe grave, prison is also the center of a shocking love child scandal. Oh my God. HeFC, Linda, England, 21, son of photograph smiling in 20 and naked Iraqi prisoners, worked at the prison to be a close-to-where lover, specialist Charles Greiner, who's thought to be the father of the child she's he's expecting, but there's a big button there, okay? Correct. Don't say it. But sources of toldy inquiries exclusively that there's speculation among guards serving in the prison that she may have had sex with an Iraqi prisoner in the Hukud be the father of her child. On May 7, England, who is more than four months pregnant was shard by the military with assaulting the detainees, conspiring to mistreat them, meanwhile, Granger was said to have relish supervising the brutal treatment of Iraqis as well as posing himself in a dominating attitude over prisoners forced into humiliating positions. When England was present they delighted and sexually humiliating Iraqis while carrying on hot love-and-pre-themselves, a military source toldy inquire. Other guards say they often sneak off to have sex and it seemed to fuel their delight in pushing naked Muslims to tears, desperation and near insanity. They talked about being engaged, but no one was sure that that was true after sex in the prison barracks, they'd return to humiliate naked prisoners. He sneered at their distress, she took her cues from him, they were both amused at her treating a prisoner like a dog, leading a moron on a leash. There was a strong tinge of a rauticism underlying their cruelty they were getting off on this stuff, but they were shocked when the scandal broke back home. And just when they thought things couldn't get any worse, she told him she was pregnant and being sent back to the US away. They? Many of the prison guards were breaking the law and convinced they were getting away with it, one of them was known to be having sex with a female Iraqi prisoner who wanted special favors. There were also questions of whether England was having sex with an Iraqi prisoner who could be the father of the child she's carrying, she definitely had an eye for some of the better looking guys being let around naked. She had an eye for the good looking Iraqi guy. Satan's so litty. England who was married in divorce before she was 21 real trailer trans, worked at a chicken processing plan of West Virginia in 110 pounds to become a meteorologist. It's the weather lady. Green is friend and union town PA neighbor Tom Zavato told the inquire Charlie spoke to my daughter about two months ago and told her that he and Lindi were planning on getting married. Charles and Lindi decided to wait and see when they'd be returning home before making any wedding plans. The military source added England and Granger have brought dishonor and disgrace to our funding men who are being killed gets pregnant and nobody seems to know quite for sure by whom. Nobody knows quite for sure by whom. This love child scandal is just part of an ongoing mess that's bringing on this honored or hard press troops. The other military and started told the inquire there's absolute fear of the highest levels that this love child could be the product of England and Iraqi prisoner of war only future DNA test will absolutely prove that the child is Granger's or not as the case may be. My God, your breath, our beautiful son of a shield. Gildy Young's Dean stars as Big Mackey. I've got none to say to you, Matt. You're a bad man. A very bad man. I'm gonna point your face on the snowy. I don't want to keep it on the rat. See? I don't want nobody know what we're on there. To be my career. Good, good. Hey everybody. Captain. Important people. You can have your joes. Okay, you can have your crabs. They got that blue liquid, by the way. It's real good for that stuff. Keep up the good works as this facts are and keep. I love this expression as he keeps speaking the truth with candor. Well, I may speak the truth, but certainly not with candor. Who's taking it? I'm gonna start lying a lot. Seems to be the deal. Let's lie like crazy. Oh, look at Catherine Harris. Look what just happened there. 560, 050, 560, 080 and 10 Verizon. Catherine Harris just had a remissive bed BM. WQN, hello. Hi, talking to you. Speaking. Neil, good morning. How are you? Pretty good. How are you doing? Good. Thank you. Isn't it interesting that will do you agree that the current administration is in a bond with respect to the prison? The Ask Go. Do I agree? Am I in a debate? Well, given that, do you not also agree that they need to divert the attention? Well, my, my, my, why do you keep saying you not to agree? Do you have not also agree? I mean, I mean, you can say whatever you want, but does do I have to agree? No, you know. Okay. Isn't it interesting that these guys are supporting? They'll makeburg rather than when the Muslims take credit for and are supposed to be hailed in heaven or wherever the hell it is? Right. Do something like that? Yeah, when they go to the early gates, they're for all those virgins waiting for them up there. How they're going to recognize them? Well, then why is it that two days later? The administration claims that they know who it is that was the hooded man who killed me. Well, sir, how we end? Of course, we also have reports that he was already killed months ago. So, you know, just like chemical Ali, some of these guys, he come back more over and over again like Jesus. You know, what I think that it was the administration who did it. Somehow, if somebody had to do it to divert the attention because of the attention. There's an article on our website. There's an article on the website that I read yesterday that about the whole deal that pretty much says the same thing. I didn't realize that. I looked it up. Okay. Thanks. Thank you, sir. I mean, we don't want to get too carried away. But the timing series offers strange and the fact that they lied about whether or not they had him in custody. So, it didn't really stinks there. And then, of course, they leaked out this stuff about well, you know, he was on the same bus in Oklahoma with Zacharias, Masawi. And he let him use his password to get into his computer to check out the email. And his password was found on Zacharias's ass. And all of these things, see? So, right away, let's start turning around. Let's start ripping Nick Berg and let's start ripping the Berg family. Let's, it's always the same crap. But the timing of the whole thing certainly was very, very bizarre and peculiar, wasn't it? Although it doesn't seem to be working, does it? And then, of course, you've got these clowns out there saying, well, you know, if the media would spend as much time exposing these barbarians who are decapitating our mind young Americans. And don't you think he's talking about that? Thank you, Panky. There were those prisoners in Abu grade. And then we'd have a little bit of parity there, you know. You see how important it is for us to be there, see what kind of people they are and why we need to be there. Right, exactly. Why we shouldn't be there. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly the reason why we should not be there is a matter of fact since you mentioned that, I'll use this story right now. Outrageous kiss player mouths off on the Muslims, Gene Simmons, who spent last night at the holiday in Express. Yes. But nice Jewish boy. I don't believe it. Kiss. Born in Israel's matter of fact. Had those, you know that? No, I did not. Gene Client in Israel. What is it? Gene Client is Israel name. Right. Are you start with your anti-Smanthesis again? Probably remember the kiss army, thank you very much. Kiss based player, Gene Simmons is caused an upper among Australia's Muslim community by launching an attack on Islamic culture while in Melbourne. The lizard town rock god who is touring Australia with the world's most enduring glam rock band, Lutz and attack on Muslim extremist during an interview on Melbourne's 3AW radio including comments which were labeled inaccurate. Extremism believes that it's okay to strap bombs onto your children and send them to paradise, paradise. And whatever else in the behead people is said yesterday. Absolutely. The Israeli-born US musician, when on the SA Islam was a vile culture that treated women worse than dogs. Muslim women had to walk behind their men and were not allowed to be educated or own houses. You said, your dog, however, can walk side by side. Your dog is allowed to have its own dog house. You can send your dog to school to learn tricks, sit, bag to all of that stuff. But none of the women had that advantage. He went on to say the West was under threat. But what's wrong with having your wife being taught to do tricks and sit and bag into all those things? Yeah, totally. This is a vile culture we said. If you think for a second that it's going to just live in the sands of gods, armpit, you've got another thing coming. They want to come and live right where you live and they think that you're evil. Evil! 7 said that you went approached did not work and at the West had a speak softly and carry a big stick. The radio station fielded calls from Muslims upset at the comments, including us ready in Muslim of the year, Susan Carlandous, that us ready in Muslims rejected extremism, had did not fit 7 stereotype. Ms. Carland said she had two degrees was doing her honors and certainly did not walk behind her husband. Behind her husband's behind. Chairman of the Islamic Council of Victoria Yasser Solomon said, Simmons comments were very unfortunate. I wonder if he's can do Abraham Solomon. His very famous obviously in Papadana's Result in Pohentile, he said, mixing the entertainment world with political and religious world as a mind-vealed. He said Simmons had begun by talking about extremists but had gone on to vilify the entire Muslim culture. A number of his claims regarding women and what they're allowed to do are not correct. He said, I thought women were doing really well in Iraq. Shut up. Simmons had a right to free speech but this had to be bounced against the damage done when us in people. He said, I think it would be good for overseas speakers and commentators to be given some sort of advice regarding our vilification laws here. He said, they leave and go back to where they arrived from but they leave behind a big mess that we have to live with. They leave their entrails behind. I think it's what he was trying to say and we have to sweep it all up and sniff it. I guess I got to burn my kiss records again. There you go. Well, it is more crap coming in here on this fax machine and that's not good news either. Most of it is from Clarence and he's really getting them. My nerves big time now. Man, just wait till I'm there. Oh, brother. I'm going to give him a piece of my mind. Join the QMQ East tonight from 6th to 8th of gas bees and Davey located off 5.95 and University Drive stop by for specials on bass beer. Plus a chance to win Marlon tickets other prizes. That's our usual low budget stuff. Six o'clock with bass beer and gas bees and Davey and join George tomorrow. Here's the important stuff because he needs the money badly, especially since he got charged so much to fix his car at Kim Boa Boa. Boa campers place. That's all good though. No, that's how it I heard. Should have been a freebie. Come on, Kim. Straighten that out. This guy's working for peanuts. Anyway, I'll say I just throw a little thing in there. Maybe he'll knock off a couple hundred. George tomorrow 11 at 4th of Pompano located at 1,000 North Federal Highway. Stop by the spin the wheel for prizes and joy. Free food from Atlantic City subs. That's with George at 11 o'clock tomorrow morning at 4th of Pompano. George will tell you about that great for that he was driving while his car was being fixed. Oh. There's a reason they call it a focus. See, at that point when I got through saying that, that's when you should have done one thing and that was dummy up. Here you go. The blue moon fish company says bill and four lot of day. Oh, they got to bill and blue moon. I've heard of that all along. Yeah. I've heard of that. I've heard that. That's very good. Look at you. Good list of restaurants. In fact, you cannot only vote on a pool. But then when you get through reading a whole thing this weekend, go out and eat a one of them. You know, or two of more three of them. WQA. Go to your own hotel. Yes sir. I like to at your phone. I have a comment. Go ahead. Arturo's in Boa and Boa Boa. Okay. And I like your said. 560, 560, 560. What is it this week? This has been the week that these people all of a sudden just like a mushroom climbed up inside their ass or something. It just started expanding. These people are just gone wild. Just gone insane. Gone way way beyond the usual call of duty if I can still say that in the air. Hi, how are you? What do you mean? What do you mean? I don't know. Man. WQA. Hello. Yes. Yes sir. Does it matter? Does it matter? Does it matter? Because it is matter. Because it is matter. Because it is matter. Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. I'll make sure that you get to eat there. I'm sure that what that steak house in New York that he ripped because it didn't kiss his ass. I wonder if he likes a lot. New York prime. New York prime. That's the one. New York prime in Boa. And he went there. And I guess they didn't like immediately sit him down and pat his muskware on the top and give all kinds of special treatment. I didn't pick up the check and so as a result it goes on the riffs him and ass. And Hank, I think if there was any chance, not that there ever was. But if there was any chance of the Hebrew hammer and mole like bonding a little bit, that was really the point. I would say just took different paths that came to that folk in the road. And Hank of course was working his fork and I very heavy duty, which is why he maintains that tremendous strength and mole in the meantime was to visit a trying to rearrange his muskware. They kept crawling down the side of his head. They hate you mole. Let me tell you that right now, they despise you. Can you imagine poor Joe Costo having to put up with that guy's crap? And what did I tell you about Geldi getting off of that show, huh? We know that I've been predicting that. He wants off of their bad desperate. He didn't even really talk any mole is what I was the tool last time I was there. And he moped. Don't talk no mole. I said to Geldi, I said how you and the old man get along these days, that we don't talk. Yeah. No mole. No mole. No mole. No mole. Can't imagine why. I know the beast is gotten back into good graces. In fact, maybe it'll be Mojo and the beast. It might be. You think? It could be. Wouldn't that be something? Wow, wow, wow. Just kiss and make up. All is forgiven. And where does that leave Moishi? Whatever his name is that they slept down from New York. What does he do on? Shai. Shai. Right. He would say the loser. Hold Robert Grippers hand, huh? Right. Who loved Jews? Okay. What is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida today? Not fast food. Ruth Chris 40. Joe Stone Crab's 10. Casa de Angelo 4. Kenyan's 3. Sage Cafe's got a pair. Emerald Coast 2. Foxes here went into. Mombo Jambo 1. I know you don't need it for a Blue Moon Fish company. We better get with it. Can we put our Taro's on there? I thought we were not because that was a uh. Nah, come on. Put our Taro's on there. I heard it's pretty good. Just because it's Jeff Heiz boyfriend. What do you want for me? WCWM line 9. Hello. Yes sir. We are also. I've been questioning that. But Nick Birnting. And I saw the whole video. And if you's why. Because you know what real? I'm tired of vanilla. I have to feel something. I'm tired of the media. Glocking over the sheer brutality of what's going on over there. That's why I had to see it. Okay. And when I did see it, I noticed there wasn't a lot of blood. Like you would expect coming out of a major artery when you put it. So what does that mean? I mean, it's it's it's probably. He was probably already dead before they did anything. But I mean, how could he have already been dead? You see him sitting there. I didn't see the whole thing. But I saw right up until the slicing the neck off. How are you been doing? I mean, something was going on. Because there wasn't as much blood. I mean, there wasn't. I mean, you would think if you kind of major artery. Yeah. It's called a lesson. George has got a list of good stuff films for it. I got a lot more blood. You'll enjoy them much more. Oh, I got this. Oh, I don't. It's just a joke. Google. Just a joke. A sick joke at that. But I mean, why are we arguing? Who's dead already? He's sitting there and moving around for quite a while. He's the thing. He was alive once upon a time and they found his body so the timing is really moved. Don't you think? Yeah, really. Whether or not there's a lot of water. A little bit of blood there. Monday or at least. Exactly. Right. Here's one. It says, please add the big cheese to your list. It's located on US one in 67th Avenue. Miami Great Food, Casual atmosphere and the beast still sucks. Well, if we're good, the Fax Elmer, thank you. Elmer says he's still suck beast. He's like that. Hey, Daniel. Stop back in the same facts over and over again. Well, what is Daniel got? He's the he up. We already got his and he wanted both of them on there. Well, what is he got? Just give me a rest and so. Okay. Don't start playing hard. Ask for these poor people. It's the one you already got. What? It's a Joe Lion. I'm old co-host and Joe Lion. And he keeps practicing. You forgot Joe Lion. You forgot Joe Lion. What? What is Joe Lion? That's Joe Lion. Joe. Diane. 1057. Maybe it's Joe Mama. I have no idea what he's talking about. Just once isn't off okay, Daniel. You got the Emerald Coast, which we love and that's fine. It's on. Otherwise, uh, just get lost. Okay. What's your problem, Daniel? I have no life. I can love. I just just watch when you're thanks to you. You way am. For you talk about punctual man. Dave Johnson, you could set your life by him and your watch. Right? You're there. I knew. Well, I just I just looked over because I thought to myself. It's 11 o'clock. Dave's going to be calling on you second and sure after the line is flashing. And you like I said, you could set the atomic clock on your head. It's post time. And not only that, but uh, you're talking to the guy that gave you the triple in the, uh, Derby. You are the king. You are the best. The king. No, I did not. Oh, listen, when you make it a big box, you don't have to like be vetting on silly things like horse races. But you, you were very, uh, negative on imperialism. You said, uh, that horse ain't fast enough. I'm sorry, and you let you pick that one. But we were both on the winner. That's the main thing. This is this, that's the, how many years, uh, where we've been begging. Not third man. Or a real great story. And of course, with all the grotesque things happening in the world right now, this would be so great. Have a real, nothing that's going to change anything. But you know, a nice story. Smarty Jones. It's a great, uh, the whole thing is bizarre. The story about the owners getting shot and the, uh, everything. It's, uh, it, uh, it went Joe Hirsch, the wonderful turf writer. He used to be come to the Derby. We always used to say, Joe, who do you like? And he'd say, the best story. Well, boy, he didn't come this year. It's the first year in 50 that he's in New York. Uh, not feeling that great. But this is the best story in the game. Speaking of not feeling that great when the owner is breathing oxygen, man. I thought to myself, this, this is, you couldn't have written a script like this. You know, he's breathing oxygen from a tank. Yeah. I thought that when the horse crossed the, uh, you know, one of the race I thought he was going to like loser right there. He just about did, I think. They're very nice people. And, um, you know, the money doesn't mean much to them. It doesn't mean I don't think it means anything to them. Well, then you and I can split it. I take them. Okay. Smarty Jones. I mean, obviously we're going to pick him again because we want a triple crown winner. We want a champion for years and years. We thought it was going to be funny side. We thought it was going to be, uh, who? No, no, no, I never thought it was going to be fine. I never liked funny side. Really? No, I didn't like him at all. I did. I did Empire Maker in the first. And, uh, I think I forget maybe peace rules in the second. No, I didn't like him. Well, but, uh, hey, that's water under the bridge. I think it a water, the track of course in the derby was like a mud, you know, was really a off track. Oh, it's awful. And it was splashing through the track. Now, what's it going to be in Baltimore? You're there right now. It is, it's dry and hot. They, they, they, we might get a couple showers, but it, uh, it appears that it's going to be a fast track. And they'll have to put water on it just to have a little bounce to it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little bit of a sour thing that's stored Elliot was find, uh, the jockey. He, of course, like you said, he came from obscurity and to be like a bass shot went in the derby. Uh, he, uh, neglected to mention, what was it that he was convicted of? You know, I don't think, I think he just played guilty to a solving of, uh, and I, and it was, uh, must have been some booze involved. I think I was a pretty good drinker when he was young, but, uh, I'm wondering how many, how long, when you have to write it, suffocates, why not? I understand he's on the wagon for a couple years. So, I, I, I've given the benefit of it, out. Absolutely. Yeah. That's just adds to the ambiance of the whole thing. But even though jockey, let me ask you. Yeah, I know he is. I actually saw him write and suffocates down. Some of the 10 people still living went to suffocates down. Really? Even when they had harness racing, 100 years ago, with Eddie Cobb and Alex Winger, but that's another story. Wow. Now is the cliff edge in or out? Uh, as of right now, he's still in, but the, the way I saw him walking around the shed row yesterday, he looked out to you. So, uh, I don't know. Uh, I know Nick's either won't run him unless he's right. Plus he's got another horse in the right way. So, shackled him. Yeah. But they all got to beat Smartie. Yeah. Now, how much of a difference do you think that the Obtrag made in the derby? You think that was part of the effect or not? Probably not in Smartie's factor, but a lot of the other horses didn't fire. But the Smartie Jones is one five races on her on a fast track. Right. He, he, he probably, you know, loved this fast track to mom. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm, what I'm going to do is the same thing. I mean, why go off when you got to win or why go off. I'm going to do the same thing I did for the derby. I'm picking Smartie Jones to win imperialism to be third and then just use the all in the middle. So, what's seven all eight? What about the Lionheart? Do you think he'll finish second again? Could be. You know, now you've been going to the track for about 100 years like I have. And so many times when you see similar horses, the same horses and a race together. And you see them finish one two. And you just are looking. You're trying too hard to find something to beat that combination. It happens very often that that's, well, what, what comes out? These are the, maybe these are the best two horses in the race. But history is on the side of Smartie Jones. I think this will be a lot easier for him to win the pre-tunist in the Belmont. Why do you say that? Well, in the last seven years, the derby winner has won the pre-tunist five times. That's pretty good. So when it gets to the Belmont and they get on first of all on that track, which is totally different than of course the mile or half. That's interesting. It's a different ball game. Yeah, that the mile and a half is the, is the killer. I'm not, I'm, I hope he wins the pre-tunist because I'll, I hope that he wins the triple crown. But I think of the three races. Don't you think the pre-tunist is the easiest of the three to win? It seems to be, even Ronnie Franklin couldn't get beat in a, in a pre-tunist. Ronnie Franklin and Howard Cook fell to a vertical. Oh man. That's a shot at Porrani for you to put him in the same category with Howard and go sell. And we'll throw in more Howard David it. That's what you're at it. Brad, but what a trifecta that is. Holy cow. Ronnie Franklin is young as he has no hair. He's completely bald. Well, it was probably that, that riding a Belmont is what he did. Somebody should have told him was a mile and a half and out of six for a long sprint. He just forgot about that. And then of course, buddy, Dub Kim goes rescue make-out that story about the safety pin and a foot. That's too bad because I really like spectacular, but he was a member of my favorite all-time horses. But just one of them. I mean, buddy, Dub, he was honored yesterday here at the track. And he's still training in a very, very nice way. Yeah. Like I said, he covered up form real well. So anyway, what's your pick? I gave you mine. Seven all eight. The smarty Jones imperialism on the for third. I'll take smarty Jones on top with Lionheart second and the all button for the third spot. That isn't going to pay too much, Dave. We're looking for some cash. Hey, the favorites finished one two in the Derby and the superfacti-pate 41,000. That's what the superfacti-pate in the Derby. Wow, I wouldn't realize that. With the favorites finishing first and second. Because I saw the triple with my imperialism in there for third pay 940 sum out of bucks, I do believe. That's a signer, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Last time I checked, that's what fat rich tells me. Are you in Canada or the United States? I'm in Toronto right now. I'll be in Florida next week briefly because you know, I don't know. It's just one of them things. I keep coming back. I don't know why. Do you ever go to any of these race? You ever go to the Belmont? Why don't you come to the Belmont? If the Smarty wins. Oh, no. I don't want to start that gambling thing. You know, then you become a degenerate in your whole life. Changes and then you want to put GA in all of that. I just, you know, I just like talking about you. It's like I have the racing channel here and I watch the races from all over the country, especially my harness racing. And you can't lose the dime on it. And it's sad part of it is as you know, you pick all the winners when you watch. And when you have no Bitcoin, oh, no, probably you have a program. And you still pick and winters left and right. Just like Smarty Jones. Yeah. I think that's a new spaper article here in Toronto. Based on the story behind it. Is that right? Well, let's see. Get where a hand. Come sure. Hank is around. Are not too far. I saw him at the draw on Wednesday night. What a great guy. He's a real. He is a he is a super person. He's a giant in the broadcasting and in the Thurbred industry. Make no mistake about him. When you guys get back on TV on ABC, if that ever happens, then we'll see you guys together on TV again. If that happens, that would be great. Why are you chuckling when I say that? Because I don't think it'll happen. But if that's that would be great. I'd love to work with Hank. There you go. Well, listen, give him a big kiss for us and keep him away from that buffet. Please, we want to keep him around a long time. I'll be in front of it. Don't worry. Have a great race. Dave and we'll see you in the Belmont. We're talking in three weeks. Take care. Bye. Dave Johnson, who they called on the radio, the pre-nistemorrow. Smarty Jones and Imperialism. I didn't realize the super paid 41 grand. Jesus. He just played it right. Nobody sent me any money saying, hey, here's the horse of the money. You want me in the Derby? Do they just listen to me? Okay, let's see. The best sit down restaurant, the Raskelhouse. Oh, my God. Holy moly. That other business. If you also, it says in this recipe, you don't put the pizza loft in plantation and Davey ponytail will have a fit and brick and nail. We're not putting the pizza loft on air. I mean, pizza loft is excellent, but it's the best sit down restaurant in South Florida. It's just like this other one. Here's Smokey Bones, Barbecue and the Fountains shopping center. I mean, I don't even like barbecue, but if I did, you can put that on there. You can put pizza loft on there too. Make Jeff feel happy. I don't know. Especially with all the meals that he can't keep buying the rimmers. It's one I'm here. That's what I heard yesterday when I was buying. Smokey Bones, Barbecue. See there you go again, Judge McDawable. But you get a life in turn off the radio. I have no life. Go hook up with Mollon. Go on and play some golf. Get some exercise. Man, you actually, if we didn't have the hair, he looked just like the beast, Judge McDawable. He's the beast with bad glasses on. Or no, he don't have the glasses anymore. He's got those contacts. Although, you know, it didn't help much if you listen to the games. Police revised rules after 97 year old ones. See, one thing I can't deal with is sensitive people. It just bothers me. It bothers me. It's just a radio show, okay? Could you say your sense of politics? I don't have any problem with you McDonald personally. He's an ice guy. He certainly was a humongous improvement over Chris Moran. I got who used to do those Panther games. I mean, that's like the difference between day and night. Just hearing Judge McDawable's voice. You say, hey, there's a hockey announcement. There's real broadcaster as opposed to Christina Moran. Yeah. So I don't have any problem with you, Judge. But just don't be so sensitive. Don't be so uptight. Rimmer and I are good friends. It's cost me a lot of money, believe me. But he's okay. He's a good guy. Means well. You know, it's always a disaster. But he means well. But the jugs and mo and somebody's old. And he's always the old buddy, Dougdies and mo and you hear what he said about me? You remember that and we're from the very beginning. Right. You say the things that they're saying about me and the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. Well, what may have been the greatest call of all time. I got to find it now. Oh, here it is. This may have been the all time best. The doctor that performed the surgery on the J.C.L.S. Some didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.A. Um, Um, The doctor who performed the surgery. What's think about that? What's his name? Klein. You feel a doctor? No, I don't know who you, you, you're a call. I'm going to come back. I'm not sure where you're. I'm not sure where you're. I'm not sure where you're. You go to Holy Cross. I am. Not sure. Well, bottom line is that. The doctor's can't tell. Oh, and Jay is going to be out. No, you're not sure somewhere. At least the month could be up to eight weeks. Some were in there. While he had the old, you're on Q and M. See, the whole deal with that is that he had the Robert, whoever was in there dump the call because he didn't want to go on here. And that hadn't been very early on in his Q and experience. He didn't have any idea how to hold the lay thing work. Right. So he thought that if he just paused and stalled along around long enough, somehow that that would be the way it wouldn't. It wouldn't get on the years. I don't know. I don't know if he was going to refer to it at all if they dumped it. Right. He just could have put the realized that. We never understand that. So he was like, uh, well, it was the name of that. And then of course, Gully. Well, like, you know, boards a little bit there, which is what makes that whole bit. He was going Gully's for me. We're not talking these days. No, not very much. They just sit in there. It's kind of like an iceberg. In that studio when Mo and the guilty mice do in there. So that's probably why these deals go on because Gully badly wants off of that. He wants badly to work with his good buddy Joe Rose, who is real easy going. Really easy to get along with a good close. Close tight. Chums. Yeah. They're real tight. Anyway, what's the best fast, uh, Bams are a best sit down. Not fast food restaurant in South Florida today. I don't think I'm getting my email again today. I think I haven't some, it's not me. I'm sure maybe it's the, uh, the email people. Ruth Chris 50, Joe Stonecraft's 14, Emerald Coast 7, Blue Moon Fish Company 5 already just went on there. Kenyan's 5, Costa de Angelo 4, Sage Cafe 3, Mombo, John Bo 3, Fox is sure it in three. The big cheese is got three. The big cheese. Our chose one. Pizza Loth's got one. I've had you just boat now. Rascal house done and Smokey bones barbecue. It got none of the first 99 boats. See, we're not getting tons of votes yet, which is why it's good that this is a weekend pool. Because they're favorite in honor yet. And if I would ever take some more calls, I had to do the print nesting with our good buddy Dave Johnson. That's good, but give you some help you cash some tickets again. Right? Right, it's probably a year's we've been doing that. Boy, today's been calling on to show you for a long, long time. In fact, once upon a time, he had Chelsea Candy calling with him. She was also on a phone. Of course, you don't know Chelsea, who's even over your horse racing. Chelsea Candy, she was her husband as a trainer or was or something. I don't know. At least 10 years he's been calling you. Oh, I think more than that. At least. We're talking like this is the 70 year on this station. And I would say maybe like, 12 or 15, something like that, long time. 113 at 5, 60, WQM, you know, Vulmas TV, which you already know I would think, but it's high definition TV delivered you via satellite this and HD receiver. The picture is so superior to regular TV. It's unbelievable. The quality is like comparing the latest DVD to like early kinoscope. Vulmas the old entertainment system designed for high definition TV. Vulmas got the most HD TV anywhere and provide all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience including satellite dish, HD receiver and the remote. And Vulmas got over 30 channels. About 30 minutes. On HD programming, you can watch EESP and high definition. That's three times more than you get from cable. And they've got all your other favorite channels too like HB. Oh, MTV, even your local channels too. Vulmas got over 120 channels of great entertainment weight non-ya. Vulmas has exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company at all. So with Vulmas get everything you have now plus all these new awesome high definition channels. Call today for a limited time offer which includes free installation, no upfront cost and no long term commitment. Call Vulmas 1866-84886-86 or check them on a web at www.vulmas.com. The offer ends May 31. So you better get with this now because it's already the 14th. Call toll free 1866-848-86-86 or online it's Vulmas. Live in local, your sports radio 560-C-8-U-A-M. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. I've been waiting for you for a while. Oh Grisqah, a stroke, another 70%, only 70% of them can be washed in public. You've got all of your thoughts and thoughts.  a button. Peace beide, and every energy for you goes all by yourself. All by yourself heath, beating my shoulder, weak ethymer, that you'll never. We've got to be with you, we've got to be with you My darling, can you feel? I got the kids and booze We've got to be with you 11, I'd seen it five, 60, WQ and we got to Madball That's what the schedule says, he's on it too But I don't know the way this schedule is working out today It's like nobody's around We had Moe with the big, oh! The Kimba, who's, uh, I just heard that Kimba has been, Do all I repair on your car for free Yeah, I heard it, yeah, he's going to work on it And the car too Madball is scheduled at two, but you never know, Eddie Kay and Vegas, the 7, and 4-7 for the hump He's up there with Dave Johnson and Baltimore, the pre-test You got to mark, while the crow, don't leave him out for crying out loud He's got a 35-minute show, that's a little bit too long He's on it 7, 735, it's Marlins, I decked Marlins at the Cardinals Marlins pulled out last night, I do believe that they win 3-2, I think Yeah, they won 3-2 8-10 is game time, Marlins at St. Louis, and then Tom Jika, oh my god Because Eddie Kay's on the set noon, so Tom Jika Is going to be doing at the EDK show Right, so, and of course, keep in mind, Joe Castello may be coming back to QM We got our fingers and legs crossed, we love you a lot, Joe, okay? We're hoping for you, just think about it long and hard, though, before you Hop into the frying pan Now, speak to that, remember that story ahead on a few days ago About the 97 year woman that got the handcuffed Yes Highland Park Texas Police guidelines calling for anyone wanted on a warrant to be arrested And we've been following the public outcry, the Gashri, over an Officers arrest of a 97 year old woman The woman was handcuffed and taken to jail for an outstanding traffic warrant Officers in the Dallas suburb of Highland Park can now use discretion in a Rest in case it's in a rest case if they have a supervisor's approval Oh, she looks dangerous Several factors of a way to make a decision including physical disabilities Or old age The same criteria they used in determining if the person needs to be handcuffed The department was inundated with emails and angry calls from around the country After the April 22nd arrest of Dally Kilton The revisions terrified the options officers having arresting offenders that he took They've ran to the American public information officer for the Highland Park Department of P.W.S. Safety, I think it's appropriate to say we define some discretionary areas The officers are facing our officers at risk She's dangerous man, look out She might have some sweet and low and ed bag Very sad, that's the America for you, much of Nazis Let's see, now here's another one Another one that's got two, why do they keep doing this? Why do they do this? I think they're in a way list all day long Oh, I see Faxing in phone book page I'm gonna explain it one more time, okay? In just a second Well, I am, I mean I keep trying and they just did they can't penetrate their skull Caleb and Del Rey beats his my favorite sit down restaurant after 18 years They transplanted a transplant man, and I did his Eduardo they say an angel in for Loderdale Well, that's funny because somebody else mentioned that The best Mexican in your life says Caleb Eduardo they say an angel saying on hell You got it? Wait, we got it Good Looks here's another one says 1909 cafe in South Miami On bird-row near 57th Avenue Incredible soups and sandwiches No pretence just great food and credible soup That I already said, well, whoever faxes knows I'm a big soup lover I love soup It's not good for it's mostly fatning but I do love soup In fact, I can really eat a meal without soup I don't know about you Yeah Don't have soup a lot, I like soup But just don't have to eat it I don't mean at home, I don't make soup at home very rarely But I'm talking about a restaurant, very seldom do I go to restaurant I have soup But anyway, number two on this fact El Cattis-Lucian broadcaster, Roxanne says show day and night They'll crawl out from under their rocks and surrender Some likely take their own lives as well Or maybe just rip it right around the neighborhood It would be good Here's one that says, I love the way this is spelled Siam Quizzine Spelled C-USS-I-N, which is kind of ascending Siam Quizzine, Thai food and wild man Somebody thank you so much Okay, now let me just say this again for the harmony million times But third man 30 million times When we take these poles on a show and you got it It's does love the ones where we just, you know movies, restaurants, kinds of food, TV shows What is actresses? What hit wonders? One hit wonders, ten hit wonders We always ask always We have never taken a pool yet where I said Name a bunch of good restaurants Maybe we'll get to that someday But we haven't done that yet Gluten desperately, but you know, maybe we'll get to that But the pool reads very clearly to me And since I'm the one who wrote it out, I guess it makes sense Because I always make sense to me What's the best sit down, no fast food restaurant So far today, the reason I put no fast food is because Some smart ass would say, oh, call us proper cow Or some of our, or a Wendy's Yes, they are And it's pretty interesting that Ruth Chris Which is my choice is, you just, not anybody close Which shows you magnificent taste that I've got But when we say, what is the best and we even underline For at least, yeah, we did, even Eric underline it The best restaurant That means one, no, one, not a bunch of really good ones The best, if you had a pick one, how many restaurants can you date? No, it's not that typical, it's like if we ask you, what's your favorite TV news anchor We don't want to hear Tom Brokeau, Dan Rather and Walter Kronkai We don't want a list of names of TV anchors Who do you like the best, which one of these people do you see? Give a stand, and then think so But I tried for you, Fred Huh? I got five for you I got a few for your list I don't even understand that I can't relate to that I can't, you know, what's your favorite chef boy, Rd product Oh, well, I like to be for Rd and a big attorney And a little bit of attorney and a rabbit, only in the Spirity Meatball myself Yeah How do you QA and hello? Hey Neil, yes sir That's a restaurant for you Okay, it's the black orcus The black orcus, which is located It's an Oakland and an A1A, right behind shooters, awesome food, great service Okay, great place Thanks a lot, pal Hey, my wife, Larry King had Dr. Phil Lyme I know I turned it off immediately, I saw I did too That's a lot, it's good thing I saved that bag from the plane coming back from Europe I saved the Pup bag just in case it turned Larry on again And he had one of those really anxious people who he likes to lick their cheeks Oh man, Larry King and Dr. Phil Amash made in purgatory 20s, this past 11 at 5.60 QAM My life and low This is 4.2560 Wait, you, man If there's a butt, I smell it Welcome Oh, my, oh, they said all the back of my head Oh, my, oh, they still like the white eyes Oh, my, oh, they still like the white eyes Oh, my, oh, they still like the white eyes Oh, my, we'd not want to throw a jacket from ourselves It's got the white one You, say you better or else You're my, say, you're my, say So my, honey, I'm on a train Oh, they, oh, they Oh, my, oh, they have my name Like the day say this, I'm free Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I hear, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Right, right, right, right, right I'm running in my separate eyes Around seven, eight, five, seven, four, six We're going right, we're going right, we're going right We're going right, we're going right Let me pretend to care if they're in it Even if they win it, if they're dead Even hit them like a hard moment Wow, yeah, God! He's ready to, if somebody says the palm and coral geobals better than Ruth Chris Anne Smith and Melinsky. Well, we did like that cup of it though. They brought us from Smith and Melinsky. It was really special. I almost felt bad about that if it hadn't been for the fact that the pool was so awfully bad. I mean, just grow tsk. I remember it like it was just yesterday. Oh, too. Oh, yeah. But they brought us in a whole bunch of steak knives and good stuff. So thanks a lot to the cup of it and the food sucked. Nice 670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WQAM, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I'd like to suggest the palm restaurant in Merrick Park and Caraube Abel. Okay. And thank you so much. Well, that's amazing. How do you like that? I must have been a psychic collar because I just got through reading the facts. Is it the palm and coral geobals? How do you like that? Amazing. Well, the palm and your cargaline was great. I thought the palm was on Kiva's game. But then again, I don't hang out and keep a screen or in a geobal. So I'm not bad. Who does the beast? What's the story? Poms in the cables. Thanks very much, Beast. This is the palm is in the cables. I've been there. And guess what? Joe's still sucks. I never ate there, but I still say it sucks. 567 now, the Rascal has we put on. There doesn't have any votes yet. That's good. You want to know why? Because all those old, uh, you block. They're not listed in this show. And if they are, they have no computer anyway. 549 votes on there. And Ruth Chris is kicking serious ass. I'm amazed. 69. If I can say that. Joe's has got 21. Emerald Coast doesn't big cheese 7. Cossity on July 6. Blue Moon Fish Company's got 6. Also pizza loft got 6. How do you like that? Well, I thought that we respect the ponytail because we love the pizza loft and the food is very, very excellent. But if the pizza loft is the best sit down restaurant in South Florida, there's a problem there. What do you mean? If that barbecue places the best sit down restaurant in South Florida, there is UNO problem agrande. You know, this restaurant talk is a really hungry. And not me. I can't, I go stuffy now. We're about 500 pounds. I'm just as fat as a cow. I'm hungry. W. W. Q. M. Hello. You too. They're my. W. Q. M. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm calling a new. What's your name? I'm speaking. I just went to recommend another restaurant. Right. Texas, the Brazil. Texas, the Brazil? Yes. Where's that? That's the dolphin mall. The dolphin mall. Yeah. I'm sorry about the location, but it's a great place. Okay, thanks. Ha ha ha ha ha. After a apologize. He sounded like really embarrassed to say that. Well, I mean, we don't hang out in at least I don't that part of town, but never lies. Texas, the Brazil. I should've asked him what it was like, but once he told me where it was, I can like sourd on it. Mutpoint. Jombone killer commits suicides as the inquire about this authorities have ignored suspect for years. According to then, the man who killed six-year-old Jombone Ramsi's committed suicide, the inquire was learned exclusively in what's more may have even left a deathbed confession. That's the stunning evidence the inquire is uncovered. Oh my God. I knew investigation of the little beauty queens Christmas 1990s is murder and border Colorado. During our probey of Tain Police Photos taken at the scene of the suicide, they reveal clues that like to victim 26-year-old Otto Jumpyard worker Michael Helgoth to Jombone's brutal slaying. Clearly, visible our pair of high-tech boots and a stun gun items at the center of the Jombone case. Another item also stands out, a mini cassette recorder close by Helgoth's limp hand. The recorder vanished in the 30s looking for what's there could be a confession on it. The encar also learned that home video is found hidden in Helgoth's house. Each or random shots of young girls and a news clip on the still on Sold 1993 kidnapping a murder of another Colorado girl. And we discovered that Helgoth told a friendly was involved in Jombone's murder. Helgoth has body festooned with tattoos of the grim reaper of Robert Greeper bearing the word next, and a skeleton dripping blood, shot himself dead in his boulder home on Valentine's Day 97. The day before then bolder district attorney Alex Hunter edition of Warning to the Killer, he was hunting during a televised nude conference. We will see that justice is served in this case and you pay for what you did 100% as he stared cold item to cameras. Of course he wasn't talking to him, he just talked to him in general. Helgoth came to the attention of a 30 shortly after his suicide and it goes on and on and on forever. Boulder and it goes on about the police weren't really all that interested in him. They focused on the parents. But John Kennedy, a friend and co-worker of Helgoth grappled with his conscience, Kennedy 50, told the inquire that before Helgoth suicide, his friend told me he knew something about Jombone's death that he was involved, that it was a kidnapping gone bad. I had a little bit of a moral conscious. It seemed to me he wanted to confess. Three weeks after Helgoth suicide Kennedy said he set that with boulder detective Jane Harmer in a relationship Tommy Harmer, one of the cops investigating Jombone's murder. She took my information and never contacted me again. He said, I like that. So many bad police investigations, you know it? But, to the essence of the story, it says, relatives of Helgoth vehemently deny it, anything you do with Jombone's murder, to anyone trying to link Mike to the death of Jombone. Ramsey, I would say it doesn't appear that way to me, Helgoth's uncle Dick Helgoth told the inquire. I don't believe it was a killer. I know Mike had a pair of high-tech boots, but so does just about every outdoorsman in Colorado. Because a stun gun and high-tech boots were found in his body. And of course they were like, huh? I have a stun gun in high-tech boots. Uh, George Dunnett, because we have a never-before-seen crime scene photo here. And, well, it's just got all bunch of crap. So there you go, believe it or not. And then, of course, John Ransy knows running for the Michigan House. He's going to be a politician, not, I thought he is nasty wife. Of course, he's got, she's been dying a cancer for a very long time. Hasn't she? Yes, she has. For a very long time. Too long, if he asked me, I mean, even if she had nothing to do with it, I still just don't like her. Isn't that bad? She was a pageant mom. She inflicted that on her little kid, which is 10 amount of child abuse. And that's where everybody might say so to her. That was the raspberry, but it was a way for anybody that's sitting out there. Don't get all panicking now. That was the raspberry Danish. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They're very best sit down restaurant in South Florida. I got to be honest with you. I mean, seriously, why compare Ruth Christ to some of the other names that are getting mentioned on this list. I think of myself, man, what a bunch. Either too many slepherds out there or too many Graham are both. Although I don't see any Jews eating it Ruth Christ to be honest with you. Why, I don't know. I don't know. It's just dawn at me all the times that I've eaten there. Probably me and the rumors and Sid Levin are the only Jews I can. Mostly like old white-haired Graham eating it Ruth Christ. That probably because of where it is in Florida, you know? See what I'm saying? It's not really like a, it isn't what you can like Jesse would call Heini Town. That part of town. It's a gay hood. WCW ain't no, it's not. QAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Go ahead. Christian is in the Gables. Christy is supposed to be sensationally. Absolutely. Unbelievable. They've had not a bad meal in 12 years now. Good choice. Thanks a lot, pal. The palms stinks. Okay. He said his palms stinks. Well, of course, we know where it's been. Now, he said the palms stinks. Okay, they're been at the one of the Gables. I don't know why the Chicago was great. Or they have the assadas on the floreno. Great. Okay. In fact, you know who waited the, because you weren't there. You weren't around to enjoy it. No. That's the palm of the cow. Well, back through those Cubs and really feel days. No, you know, it wasn't allowed to leave. Cheryl, ween, Riffkin and also Mitch Ween, I believe, right? With us in there. Everyone, what? Did they, but you weren't there in New York, because Disney brought you back. She should be off right after the broadcast. Why do you just in count? Well, guess who's getting married by the way speaking to that. I don't know whether it's for on the air or not, but speaking to Cheryl, she's getting married. Again, again, to some wealthy Jewish people. Well, they do wish guy. How big is this one? Again, I don't want to get into that. All right. Let's see. Look at this. Well, what is this facts? It says a few nights ago this week. Our own new squad or rich sances was filling in for Martha's A Galskion. WB39 News at 10 and then Willard Shepherd to discover the horrific Nick Burst or Recommon that Rick had talked to Mothi or about independent contractors thinking twice about working in a rack Rick said, yeah, do you think it'll cut into that? Oh, no. So if someday when Merch Sanchez runs over himself with his own current dies, I'd like to urinate on his caskets as this faxer just thought you'd like to know, says chronic Todd and Hollywood. And they said four pages of crap. Did he really? Yeah, he did. P.S. my 10 favorite restaurants are. Oh, Donald Rumsfeld and Asperteam. What is this? What was that all about? I canceled it. And so he refaxed it. Now, what is that all about? Well, I'm a spell then. And asperteam. And Asperteam. It says in reality, it's a drug not an additive. Oh, this is some of that hoaxed pocus from the internet again. If I'm going to tell you, Asperteam is going to kid you out of it dead a long time ago. I remember that one day we had those people calling in all those conspirator lists to believe all the crap that's on the internet. I just don't believe that. I drink gallons. Gallons of nights, so in every day. Like I gave it up for about two days. And then I said, I must be nuts for years. Right, for years and years and years. I don't, I'm not in great shape. But I'm certainly not dying over here yet. But anything's going to kill you. It's the part of it. It's a very painful, difficult. Dification. So says, don't. Huh? I said, life is a pain in the ass. 20, so known to QAS. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. I'm not going to kill you. 1145, Kua. Jim in somewhere... What a pleasure to hear you discuss. April A. Glassbee and the fake Kua D. Nurse yesterday. Please get from the network. I said to reporters, Who thought he'll take all the Kua. Tell you how to keep Glassbee and Kua. That is absolutely correct. She gave the win quick. Not. Oh yeah, we don't interfere in error versus error of affairs and I go have a good time. Besides, please, a bigger part. Psych. Please be my guest if you're in town at my play desert storm which opens at Edge Theatre. In the Miami Design District on 8 PM June 4th for a month. Tells the wheels to where the first person go for from the point of view of the oral office. It includes the events you mentioned on your wonderful program. Yes it is, Jim. It also tells how we could have captured tension or tell a rainy, more-aligned Republican guard if we could have kept that word going for only a few more hours. Bush canceled the war because the hundred hours' war had a nice ring to it. Hundred hours since the start of the attack. The early ending led Hussein claim victory becoming here to the Arab masses. As patrons leave the theater, I'll give them a copy of the interview with Saddam Hussein. We're glass-be gravel to him. Very good Jim, excellent. See there are some people even in spite of the fact that they tried desperately to keep this stuff under rep. Are some people like Leakin out the truth? Oh, but he was an evil man and he used gas on it. Yeah, he used chemical weapons on his own people because we sold them to him to use against the Iranians so that we could keep that word going. We could keep the stalemate between Iraq and Iran so that we could keep the Iatrol on his heels. That's what it was all about. He was our evil doer. And anybody who tells the other ISIS is a freaking liar, especially that crummy rummy man. Who goes over there yesterday with a dog and pony-shoulder, try to resurrect his image and try to save his fattled, wrinkled up ass. Who's he kidding? Obviously a lot of people because about 60% of Americans- Oh yeah, rum-strel's great. We got to keep him in there. We don't want to change your ships in the middle of whatever. He was so brave. Yeah, right. Yeah, they hustled him in his ass in an other real fast, you notice. And he didn't even have a turkey with him. Anthony's runway 84. Now we're talking some real food. Now we're talking a really great restaurant. Univory theory yet. No. Why not? How's that going to happen? Oh, that can fix you up there to eat for free. You can take part in the wife and the kids, huh? Excellent. Oh, talk to my good friend Derek. He's really tight with those people at Anthony's. Now you have to wear a pinstripe suit in the head. I got one. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bit closet. Yeah. And one thing don't be concerned about it. I don't get how many day go get any walk, free smoke, come bust, come out of the one one. Right, don't worry about that. Well seriously, it's a great place. Vinter a long time, man. That's one of the oldest, uh, that's still around. And they give you, I mean, just the enormous amounts of food. And I'm not talking about for me, special. They know who I am in there. But I'm telling you, they just give you enormous amounts of food, like muscles and all kinds of appetizers. And by the time you get to the main course, you're like, oh my god, are you kidding me? I'm going to eat more. Anthony's run away 84. Get that on there. It's one of the reasons that it is outstanding. It all in me for a year when I'm back there. I'll get, uh, Derek to fix you all up. Okay. Right. They. And hopefully in fact, maybe if, you know, I want the whole family to come out of their alive, we can probably fix that up to. Uh, here's a fact that says from Bob, just a few things. I did this is great because now there's a big, you know, I, I have to apologize to that to dark and click the guy to call before about the hidden blood. Because I didn't watch it. It says I didn't watch the video, but I saw still pictures from none other than Fudgy, Droggy site. There is no blood. And the picture of them holding up his head, there is no blood. How is that possible if he was alive when he capitated? Why was he wearing an orange jumpsuit the same as the US uses on its prisoners? His body was reported to be found Saturday, May 8th, but he was killed Tuesday, May 11th. How is that possible? How do you like that? And that's got some links for us to check out. For what? That worth. Yes. We have the video. If you want it. I don't want to see it. I don't want to see it. Did you watch it? No, but I have it. And? And I don't want to see it, but we have it. Did the beast watch it? Beatswatched it. And? I saw it. And to me, when they be handed in, when they chop this head off, they looked like those pools of blood. But when he did the fascist right, when they held up his head, there was no blood. But who knows what the time difference was? Right. Yeah, it seemed to me that they're probably after the head. I mean, I don't want to get to graphic here, I'm almost at lunchtime. But after the head is severed from the body, there really isn't that voluminous in a amount of blood in the head. You know, once it all spurts out, and it may be, who knows, like you said, how long they waited before they cleaned it up a little. But so do recognizable. They held it up. I don't know. And anyway, there's a bunch of big bloggers.berg execution video. Mystery Shows hostages Iraq trip. FBI told police to hold burg. Fissie circumstances and flawed timelines surrounding America's Americans be hitting from infowords.com. Says these are just a few that raise very interesting questions. Lies, what lies? I guess Bush, Rummy, and the rest of the neocons, including pill popping rush. Don't consider them lies until they actually get caught. Even then we didn't hear what we really heard. We didn't see what we really saw. Lies to them involve only a stupid crap like VJs in the over-eocons, and such not war crimes, WMD, 911, etc. And also for the poll, I vote for Alexander's implantation says, Bob, thank you, Bob. Put that over there, keep it all website. Oh. So I guess we better maybe we've had an outplay that severed head thing. Today, here's this story. Miami, a Nicaraguan immigrant filed a lawsuit against the arts dice. These have Miami accusing a form of priestess sexual abuse 20 years ago. Another one of these isolated incidents to have lines is lawsuit legislator. We bought a priest rape teenage refugee in 1984. A refugee in Ola. Wow, that who cares? The suicide cloud by the now 33 year old victim was identified as John Doe. One, though. Is the fifth implicating Ernesto Garcia Rubio? In the suit, the plaintiff alleges Garcia Rubio approached at our lady of divine providence in sweet water. Rape to the 1984 when he was a 13 year old refuelier seeking asylum. Garcia Rubio was removed as pastor that person 88 commit claims he had sexually abused several Latin American refugee boys. The Vatican removed him from the priesthood in 1994. The suit filed in date circuit court yesterday alleges that the art dice these of Miami knew he had a history of sexual misconduct when he was hired. A statement released by the arts dice he says today said, Garcia Rubio is not been associated with local Catholic church for 15 years, but declined to come and unrelated lawsuit of course. The suit includes confidential church documents showing the late art spissor of Coleman F. Carol have been told, serious difficulties of a moral nature force Garcia Rubio to leave Cuba. But the documents did not suggest his problems related to pedophilia. And in arts dice, he's background check found no evidence of wrongdoing of course. Garcia Rubio became the spiritual director of a make-it-little sound high school and co-kind of Grovin 70. It was moved to the sweet water perished five years later. And once they start moving them around, you generally configure this pretty good reason. Two lawsuits against Garcia Rubio were said a lot of court for 75 grand each. He belongs in jail said attorney Jeffrey Herman who has filed all the one lawsuits against the arts dice he's involving Garcia Rubio. Just another isolated incident. How many millions of these uh... Bob Birdman? Line balls, yeah. Here's the facts. It says the best restaurant in South Florida is Michael's kitchen, Dany Beach, even at their own website. Your motto is cure the cure for boring food and lives up to it. Got it? Michael's kitchen? We got it. Here's what it says. Hey, fat ass. Put crammy jacks on your list. Three Broward locations. It's great. Put it on. Okay, I'm gonna put it on. I'm gonna retire. I like that. Here's what it says. Laferanda is tagin' cuisine in Palpada Beach, Atlantic near Federal. See now we're starting to get some like see what I say sit down restaurant that conjures to me up in my mind. A certain kind of, I don't know, ambiance and uh... Trace tag. See what I'm sayin'? Yeah, now. Which is the best? Oh, I see this Eric also embellished here. One out of whole bunch sit down not fat food. Fast food restaurant south Florida is today. Today's still open. Do a business right now. Ruth Chris 82. How do you like that? 82. That's almost 41% of all the votes we got so far. Which the votes are coming in very slowly because we only have a limited number of restaurants. 211 votes and they got 82 almost half. Joe Stonecrab's 26th Beach, pretty weak. Emerald coast 15, the big cheese 11. See when I put the big cheese on her, I know it's, I shouldn't say this, but it makes me think they're like Chuckie cheese. Right. And that's probably very bad, but that's what I think of. That's that. It's bad. Blue Moon Fish Company 9 Pizza Lothus got 8. Holy moly Jeff must be going nuts. Kenyan 7, Casa da Angelos 6, Mombo Jambo 5, Christie's 5, Sage Cafe 4, Edward or this Nangel 4. Senan Hel, the palm 4, Fox is sharing in for Smokey Boons Barbecue's got 3. Smokey Boons Barbecue is the best. Sit down restaurant in town. It must be great. You don't even have to take the metro rail to get through either. Unlike shorties. See only restaurant in history mankind that had a public metro rail system built to bring the customers right to their door. Silent whose scenes got a pair of black orchids got 2, 1 for our touros, 1 for Cafe 1909, 1 for the Rascal House. Texas David Azil has got 1 and none yet, well they just went on there. These are the ones Anthony's runway 84. Alexander's Michael's Kitchen, Crabby, Jack's and La Varandata over at Little Over 200 votes. Lots of time I'll have a list of maybe a thousand of these by the and then all we can log you can prove them and then you can go try them out. And then I'm Monday and say, man we tried that one there and it really sucked. Or the other way around. But no he's so floored, I'll say, I always have a awful one and then we had a pay for it too. WQAM Hello. Is this Neil? Yes sir. Hey Neil, how are you doing? I got power. Once for your pull there. Okay. It's a casual place but it's often called Cafe Tex-Mexing Kendall. Okay. And it's a sit down place and they got some new owners and they're not needing their for years and it's just great for families and the place is awesome. Where is it? It's gone 117,000 and South West 120 is street. Okay. And Kendall. Guys first fancy schmantee would be capital gruel. Okay. Ah. See how he did that? Oh yeah, yeah, sneaky thing. See, maybe it's me. Okay. Maybe it's me. Let me read the question again. What is the best sit down? No fast food restaurant in South Florida today. I don't have a problem with this question. To me it's as simple as just peeing in the in the bowl. You know, as it just what's the best sit down restaurant in South Florida today? It's nothing complicated there, right? How many can I name it? Bob Birdman. But he he meant well. So cafe text message will take the first one and then that's it. Can we ever put Christie's on there? I don't think we did. Did we have a beer? That's the beast fall. Let's blame him because he's a geables guy. Well, his UMKRA. He's our data entry guy today. Yeah. So like I said, oh, Christie's got five. I'm sorry. I apologize. I'm sorry. I glossed over. Chris Christie's is great. There's another one in the Gables which I don't know if it's in business anymore. I can't think of it. Man, I used to eat there all the time back in the day. God, it was a great place. I mean, it really, maybe it was Christie's. I don't know. It was really, I think it was Luke Christie's. 560560, pound 560. That's our poll today. What are they 85 best restaurants who beat net this week? 560560. 380. 380. Your, you, you, you, you, you. This is Dick Kenny. I'd like to relax by having my mental massage. My balls while listening to the new rotis welcome one hour. Mm-hmm. Hey, there's more hot weather than I've been in it. But he grew home on the age of the day and riverdale. Now, you might be in school the, uh, attribute it to the flat out he in the paradise. Well, it is. But not for everybody. That's why my parents retired the Florida. I sent them back to the Bronx to live in the Hebrew home at the age of the back in 61. Not only was it cheap, but they got so cool. I remember my mama was saying, who needs flat? We got to pull right here. It's with me three months out of the year. And who I should? They get lots of activities there. Like, um, right in my, John, and followed then the races. Not to mention the food. Oh, the food. Let me tell you nowhere, but the Hebrew home at the age of the riverdale. Will you find soft good jell-o? Not the kind of turns to rubble about. I was almost like was from bed by John Wilson himself. Man, and they got them, uh, mobile turrets and wheels too. The Hebrew home could he age it in riverdale. A nice place to send your folks. And, in fact, good about it. 12, a lot of five 60 by the way, more on case you're listening. I'm sure you are. Guilty, hate you like poison. He's just dancing in the streets over the prosperking and often at find a deal. Um, best restaurant with a great view yesterdays. Yeah, yesterdays is good. Now, you don't want to go there during the early bird because it's a sea of just, uh, not just blue here, but of white here. I mean, just unbeleivable. Unbeleivable. Is one of those? You're going to yesterdays? No. No? No. Well, why not? That's right. Not anywhere near you. Anyway, we'll put yesterdays on there. Amendment proposing slot machines at South Florida Tracks and Frontons gets court nine. Oh, right. That's what I mean, it's going to pass, but anyway, we got to start somewhere. Maybe bring Florida into the 15th century at least. A proposal, let South Florida voters decide if they want slot machines at Doggahor's Tracks and Highlight Frontons to a key hurdle for getting on the November ballot yesterday. The Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the ballot measure proposed by the group called Floridians for a level playing field meets the legal requirements to get on the ballot, namely that it sticks primarily to one subject and that it's clear enough for voters to understand what they're being asked to approve. So better be very clear because it floated like that. Kind of like our poll questions every day got to make him very simple. They still don't get it. It's back. There's still need to get nearly half a million signatures to get the measure before the voters advocates for the proposal are about halfway there with elections, officials having verified just under quarter of million signatures. The measure would answer voters state why if they want to change the state constitution to allow datan-browered counties to old referendum, some other to authorize slot machines, and existing per mutual facilities in some cases, would also give the education programs any revenue to state gets from taxing the slot machines. Let's get with it. Okay. It's long overdue, baby. Florida voters have rejected similar gambling measures three times in last 25 years, but track owners say they need to expand their options to be able to compete with gambling and indeed casinos see they weren't similar measures. That's not what the measures were. That's not what it said the other casinos gambling, but this is a sunset and again where they publish a lot of crap. Maybe one time jick is on for ready-calf of the ballgame that you want to call them ask them how come his news paper puts so much crap in there every day? Like the flyers wonder game three last night against Tampa Bay? The first thing that came along was the lottery and that was devastating said Frederick Cabinet, keep executive of Flagver Greyhound track and Miami. Then we got the Indians and the votes to know where they're totally unregulated and totally untouched. Well we're saying his taxis are regulated, us and put us on level playing field. He is absolutely... Absolutely correct sir. Measurebackers also argue they can help boost education spending at a time on the state is led by officials who are adamantly opposed to most tax increases. Enko's on about the opponents say this and they say that and then we'll have casinos and then we'll have this. Governor Jamborset gambling is not a panacea for tight budgets and said he believes increased gambling increases crime. I'm going to vote against it, Boiset. What a slime hole you know what? Careful. What a class hole. I'm going to vote against the courtiest because he's a goody too she was scony baloney. He's still busy trying to keep that sniff alive. That's what he's worried about. With Terry's law, he's going to go all the way to the Supreme Court of Fiesto to put on his grandstand act. Let me say it again. W's bad. Jeb is 10 times more dangerous. Keep your eye on his ass and believe you meet its plenty of territory. Line 9 QAM hello. Hey Neil, how's it hanging? I'm Ryan. How about Jackson's stay couch in Waterville? I heard that's great. Where's that? It's downtown Waterville. Kind of like by the Los Ols here. I've placed that also stakes. Okay. I'm going to be a Jeb at that radio. Boacraft is why we're calling all Ron? No. Go to Big One O. We had that on yesterday. Okay. Or where? But it comes to radio man. We're on it. Yeah. It's 2. But it could be on 109.5. Or maybe 11.5 would be good. Anyway. Have a great weekend, Pally. Thanks. Paul and old Ron are going to Big One O. Sixth year. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. We're going to go to the next one. This is so good. It's long though. No, no. No, it's not that long. Now I'll put a couple more names for the list. But this is so good. It's by Mike Furner with uncommon dreams.org. It's on our website. Am I email is screwed up again. Do you ever have that happen? That's twice and long for me. You did? Yeah. We have an email screw up. It doesn't happen often with Yahoo. Well, this is twice and long week. I don't use Yahoo. I know. But at any rate, this never happened to me before twice and a week. I said, Eric and email said, send me something for a test. And I haven't gotten anything. Maybe I did now. Let me just take a look. After I got from one or one or stream to the other. I used to be a very anti-email guy. I remember it packs and they wanted to email me. Oh, and ratings from all of them. Email. And I'm just faxing them. And they don't email or I was a penny. Yes. You know, move on. Outward upward. Oh, man. No. I don't have any messages on there. I don't have any. Nothing. Try email. You try email me something while I agree this piece. All right. I'll say you'd make a picture of York. Of whom? York. Oh, no. Anyway, my fernar writes, shocked. I'm simply shocked that abuse is going on here. George, that's not the way Americans do things bushes outrides. General, those troops let us down, Kim it is outrides. Senators and congressmen are outraged. Everyone is shocked. Simply shocked here that abuse is going on an abode grab prison. Of course, it's an outrage that American soldiers and mercenaries are torturing Iraqi prisoners. But ask anyone who's gone through military basic training. They might want to ask you. Well, what do you think was going on in Iraq? What could be more naked abuse than custer bombing children in terrorizing whole cities? What could be more obscene than sending armals and legless dies home by the plain load? Our leaders are outraged at what's happening inside Abu Graib? Well, they know full well that next door in Haluja are troops were killing so many people, including women and children, that the soccer stadium was turned into a cemetery. There have been pictures of all of this, too. Not on 19th century fox of other corporate news outlets, but there were pictures of plenty. In 1984, Orwell describes how big brother keeps the citizens of Oshianna in line with a daily televised two minutes hate direct explanations public enemy number one. He was the primal trader, all treachery's acts of sabotage, heresy's deviations spring directly out of his teaching. He seemed like some sinister enchander capable by the mere power of his voice of wrecking the structure of civilization. Once the good people of Oshianna work up a good hate, they're ready to let big brother do whatever he wants to protect him from their supposed enemies. Vom them killed them young and old put them in places like Abu Graib. We of course don't do this personally, we're preparing vulnerable segment of our own population to do it for us. It's called basic training. We take kids helping for college looking for direction, heads full of myths about how Oshianna always stands for freedom and democracy. The system adequately dehumanized them in basic training and teach them how to dehumanize others over there until those others become the enemy. Surely whatever happens to the enemy is fair game they are after all, the enemy. Consider this from Hal Musket who went through basic training at 4 ticks New Jersey describing a frightening scene during bayonet practice for a thousand young men. In between the call responsive, what's the spirit of bayonet killed killed real unthrufted dyes would pick up mega phones and scream, see those 130s landing, bringing in bodies of dead Americans killed by gooks, the gooks murdered our soldiers, do you want to be a body on that plane? I can't hear you, what's the spirit of the bayonet? Every once in a while a devout would pull several of us aside and give us lessons on the proper use of bayonet and performing a field abortion. Stick the bayonet in the gooks, I can't say the word, and pull it up toward her throat, but dead gooks and the womb saves American lives. Or this from Roger Dama Galsky, discriminated with told us of a coolness duties after basic training. From the first moment we arrived we often heard the words, girls, ladies, sices and worse when insulting us. And there's another one we can't say. Thus women as a whole become a derogatory concept, very sexist, very dehumanizing. I've been dehumanized to such an extent that I completely like all empathy for these frightened new trainees. Instead of treating them decently, I'm as treated them as I've been mistreated. Once a dehumanized a person you need to maintain control because such a person's libel to do anything from a relatively mild hazing eye engaged to. To the Nazi-like tactics used by the guards against Iraqi prisoners, yes basic training works all to well sometimes. Should we be shocked that good American kids are filling phallugious soccer fields with corpses, torturing prisoners in obograe, braving their own female comrades? While in Baghdad recently more than one Iraqi asked me this tough question, how can your soldiers do these things for America? Don't you live in a democracy? Perhaps someday we will live in a democracy no longer train soldiers to do these things in our name, but until then we continue to live much closer to the condition Eugene Demtus grabbed in the closing months a World War I's Butcherine is famous Canton of High-O speech. When the feudal lords concluded to enlarge their domains, they declared war upon one another. But they themselves did not go to war anymore than the modern feudal lords, the burns of Wall Street could have war. The service of Intatably that when they managed to defy the war upon one another, it was their pay-threative patriotic duty to come on another's trotes. The working class who fight the battles and furnish the corpses have never yet had a foist needed a clearing war or making peace. George Bush can be outraged as the news from Ibo Grey, but he is the one who unleashed the dogs of war at the behest of our modern feudal lords. The result is never pretty. Are we shocked? Mike Furner visited Iraq for too much earlier this year. He served as Navy Corman during Vietnam, member of the Veterans for Peace and a former military to leader Ohio City Council. Good night, sir. It's on our website. So I'd like a colleague, Panko, Faggot, to me. There you go, just like you. Well, two out of three. 560, 560, Panko, and Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 660, Panko, to me. 660, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. Holy moly, man. Every time that he needs to go in Mikey has to move. Well, that's good. I'm telling him a public service. Probably keep him alive through the weekend anyway. So close to the exercises. That tub of crap is ever going to get. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, Panko, to me. 560, I just die, buttill finish, 0-1 640,INAUDIBLE the iron plate. Oh, I know exactly where that is. What is it? No, bro. Shet. Lobbers. Shet. I'll check it out. Thanks a lot, pal. How do we? We got it. You too. Kind of. Lobbers. Shet. We got it. Rounds with Croquette. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line so far. And I'm just tickled to the... Because it goes to sure this fancy fancy... See, a lot of people assume that the lunatic colors that we get on an average day. Now, you notice what we do up all like this. We get some like real colors. See? But, most of the time when we don't have like a one-word thing to call in, we get like the riff-rath of humanity and people think, boy, do people listen to that Neo Rogers showed her a bunch of slime balls? One guess what? Slime balls can't afford to eat a Ruth Chris Statehouse. Right? Right. Maybe they did it right there, but they're just voting for it anyway. No. The best sit-down restaurant in South Florida with 98 votes. Ruth Chris, man. You can't touch them with a fork, with a hot butter knife. And the best thing if it is is that they... They bore the stakes at very high temperature, and unless you ask to not do it, they brought your stakes in butter. Hmm. So, they're sizzling on it. Real hot plate when they stick in the front of your pussy. And man, it is so juicy and tender and delicious you could cut up with your thumb. Ruth Chris 98, Joe Stone cramps 31, Emerald Coast 18, the Big Cheese 14, Pizza Loss got 13. Wow, I didn't realize you've had that many friends. So, no one fish company it does. And the palms got nine. And one guy said the palms sucks. How can you say that, Ruth? Ever see a palm that sucked? Kenyan's 8, Cassidy Angel 07, Christie's has 7, Anthony's runway 84's got 6. Trust me when I tell you 11. runway 84. Just make sure you have the right outfit on when you go into it. What are you laughing about? Do you need it, escort? In fact, there's a guy who looks just like Mo Green that's the made me to do. Do you know who I am? I'm Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. It's a new glasses, Mo. Anyway, runway 84's got 6. Mombo, Jambos got 6. And what did it set on? Hell 6. Smokey Bones, Garbage, Hew's got 5. The Sage can't face got 5. Four for Fox's, Sherrin in and La Paranda. Capital Grille's got 3. Assign Quasine 3, Alexander's 3. Armidol Caf's appear, Cafe 1909's got 2. Rascal's 2, Black Orchid 2, Crabby Jack's 2, and then for one of these for Michael's Kitchen Arturos Caf month, which I'm sure that's not spelled right month or another month in Arrow, whatever. Caf's something rather than a God 1. Texas Day Brothil is God 1. And none yet for Caf Tech's mix, full of Yos, the Blue Door, La Vill Maison, Johnny's, New York Prime, or La Roche, out of 279 votes. I think you're a little bit of a little bit of a shit myself. 5 6 7 0 5 60, Palm 5 60 on a AT&T, Verizon line, QAMLO. Yosar. Barton G, 14th in West F. What is it Barton 1? Barton G, the catering guy from New York, to restaurant on Miami Beach. Yosar. It's expensive, but it's one of the biggest restaurants in South Florida by far. Spell it for me. RQN in in G. Oh Barton G. Barton G, yeah. Okay. The best. Okay, thanks, Bally. No, Barton. Barton G, you got it? We got it. All right. 26, Pass No Recrua, Mad Dog will be along at 2 to 1. Got that big heat game. What is that game? Is that game 5 tonight? It's tomorrow night. Tomorrow night. So, result head up to a piece of heat in Indiana. Anybody care about basketball? No. I sure is held down, but it's just, yeah, something for these people to think they're like, you can do. Oh, it's the heat. Let's go heat. Now, just a couple of months ago, they were saying they, he should only croak stuff like that, which is very bad thing to say. But now that the heater in the playoffs and actually came back and tied up that serious, and of course, just not too many months ago, before the world's serious in the playoffs, they were saying, bye, bye, Marlins. You know, and I love a son of Ireland's one of the world's serious and their first place again, they want to get last night. And everybody's a big Marlin fan. One thing about South Florida, man, when it comes to front running phone, he's there ain't nowhere on a planet can come touch us with a stick, not even close. You know, biometrics can really just fry your brains. So many brands have choose from different model names that are restored, almost impossible to compare. And then they're all those phony sales with phony promises and strings attached. You really do have to redefine print on those. That's why dialometrics is such a great alternative. It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress and be guaranteed you're going to get a hell of a deal all the way around. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get the best prices on the best brands would have livery on your schedule when it's convenient for you. And the best customer service in the business, why would you want to shop any place else unless you're nuts? Now, the mattress won the 2004 better business bureau local torture ward for excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before doing an after the sale. When you call 1-800 mattress and talk to one of their expert bedding consultants, you'll rest assured that you're getting the best possible mattress and the best deal too. Choose from a complete line, they got them all sort of celiacim and king coral, tempered experience and been at as fostered. Dautometrics takes same day orders all day long from candle to steward, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. So call 1-800 mattress right now and then you'll pick the date into our winter delivery you want your mattress delivered and guess what they show up on time. In fact, 99 percent, 0.7 percent of the time. I've been doing business with these folks for years now. Reckon M. and Thuziastically all you have to is make that one color first time. You'd never dream of buying a mattress any other way. Call 1-800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com. Telemetrics 1-800-MATTR-ESD easiest possible way to buy you a great new name brand mattress. When Survivor All Stars is over, what will happen to Boston Robb, Amber? You and I should get married. You're a pig. I never liked you. I love you too, Amber. I'm wearing your buff. You're scheming. We'll boss you, Rob, and Amber are falling, love. You're scheming. Four more things go bad, Amber. I buy a kiss. Could you make me want to be a better man? I'd like to take your eye out with a salad fork. I love you too, Amber. But I don't need salad. We'll rob an Amber Survive Life after Reality TV, Amber. I need to ask you something. You can't keep showing up at my job. I have a restraining order. I love you, Amber. I love planet. The someone who looks like me, one someone who looks like you. Rob and Amber, Amber and Rob, one of the world's great love affairs. You smell like a pig. I love you, Amber. Yeah. Prop 32 at 5.60, you've got a QAMC. This is the idea of honor pool today. Think of it this way. If somebody else, like Rimmer for example, was going to buy you dinner. Obviously, it's just a joke. It was somebody else. It was somebody else. And one restaurant in San Francisco, and you could pick where was going to be. What was that restaurant piece? Yeah, it's a good way to put it to the name. I know what my favorite restaurant is right now. Yeah. We don't know how to throw a castle pick very much. Oh, thanks very much. Wait until it's in and everybody else. What did they bring you? The lot. Neely burger. Neely burgers. Triple pizza. White hot. Chicken. Okay, Gary Sarner up there for some of the White hot. Just don't tell me it's tray, okay? You're going to burn in hell gear right out here on your idea that. Man, do I hate him? W to Q a. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I talked to deal. Speaking. Yeah. I can't believe you haven't heard of the bill of Mason. No. You hear? Positive. Five star restaurants. And it's up in book. I have an interview to book. I stayed in hell away from book. Well, how about the down under and camp the vacuities. Remember those? Yeah, I do, but that's both out of business. Yeah, but they're okay. Great. Five, six, seven, over five, six, six, six. But five, six, six, six, six. Let's talk about a bunch of great restaurants from the past. We've done it. How many times is this year already? I've heard of me. Let's cut the crap, okay? Hmm. I don't hang out in book. I haven't. I haven't been in book in the years. Yeah. Have you? Um, maybe once a year I'll go open visit. Vodka Brian, he'll have a barbecue or something. Oh, cool. Let's put that again. That's for a specific reason. You're visiting somebody. But other than that, I mean, these people are like, oh, well, I live in Boko. And I like Mowfers and I'm doing it. What is that all about? Why in their right mind, would anybody want to live in Boko? It's too damn far from anywhere, right? All the old Jews from the beach did everybody try to get away from. They've all slept up to Boko. Who'd have wants to live in that kind of environment? What is there? We don't have a lot of Negroes here. We want? Don't have a lot of Negroes here in Boko. Oh, is that what it is there? That is white? Very white. Yeah. White? White? Yeah. And Negroes in plantation acres either when you come right down. What does that have to do with anything? Or Jews either for that matter? 560, 050 60. Although we do have a shawl, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. He also have a kingdom hall. Yes, we owe we got them all, man. We got the Mormons. We got the, uh, born-again. We got every for business. I mean, you name it. Every religion that's ever been invented in acres. We got some place for them. A temple of shrine is something. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. I do plantation acres. You got David Samson as the Jews. I don't know the other guys are the basketball players, but that's not what I'm calling for. The basketball players live in the acres? Some of the heat, baby. Oh, no. I don't love to work it out about that. Well, don't run into them at the sub-rass, uh, publish. But, uh, anyway, he'll, it is carrying just really trying to lose this thing or what? Those ads aren't TV. I mean, they say, I'll go and step. Yes. What are they talking about? Yeah. He was pretty animated compared to this one. A prairie is just a weak sister. He was a weak sister last fall. Uh-huh. Uh, Neil, you can talk about all of that over. Were you talking about the very envilage the one you're thinking about? That's the one. Thank you very much. But very envilages. Is that still around? It is man. That's a good place. Let me tell you for stakes. And I'll try looking up on the internet. You, you've picked up the phone fast enough. There's a stake house in the new diplomat. Down in Hollywood. Yeah. It's the die form, man. Somebody, somebody you're all over the name. They'll fix it in. I have a man there. And also, the afternoon, you got to do like you said, Schlappers don't go to these places. You got to put the winner up against Alpat, and watch how many people go throughout. Ha ha ha ha ha. They didn't know. I love you. Okay. Hey, the Alpat, sir. I have to do a lot more business in terms of value. They got to turn over a lot of people in it to make the cash that Ruth Chris is making. You know, you don't walk out of Ruth's Chris paying 20 or 30 bucks for dinner. Unless you're a rumor. And then you pay the big. Oh, he was on his good behavior. I think he was doing that intentionally, because especially since Jigsmeek's on, we're red flag that thing with an email about how he was already ripping him. I had a time for having to buy him lunch. And he, he reached back. We're like, most guys would have their wallet. Well, actually, we'd set far back. He reached back about to the middle of his back, you know, which is unless you got a pouch, it's kind of hard to hide your wallet there. And I said, nah, forget about our rumor. Let it, that don't want to, it'll be bad luck. It'll spoil the string. Just to keep your money. Cheap faster. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. And then the other thing, Judge McDonnell, is going on about, Oh, you hear the things that he says about you. All these people see, I don't really care what the audience thinks. See, they think it's serious. Oh, he must hate that rumor. Who cares what the audience thinks? You know, I'm talking about it's a radio show. That's all. You know who your friends are, you know who you really like, who really likes you. You don't worry about what you say. It's a radio show. Oh my God. Who said it, yeah. It would be good. Of course, in members' cases, it's all true anyway. Right. 30 QA and hello. Any other questions? Pretty good. Good. I got one for you, Paul. I'm called the Rustic Inn, it's a four-later off-griff. I heard that. Yeah. Then there are another place for nearly 40 years plus. What do they got? What's their thing? Got a golden garlic crab. A pot and a trippin' and oil and garlic. Right. Nothing like the crabs in the pot. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. What does he know? Could you play the Requiem for a dream music much anymore? I missed that, especially with the story. Well, when we have a ball game, we always play that going into the ball game for him. That's right. Thank you, Paul. Thank you, Paul. Thank you, Paul. Oh, wow. That's awesome. In fact, we've played our card once we've played this right up, uh, Lyshe. What up to the ball game? They don't, uh, attend tonight. They don't five, but I'm going to hell with this. Rush. Are you greeting your teeth? Rush. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Pop another one, Rush. And a boy. He got him from a doctor. Pilled popping Nazi, baby. Really sad. Oh, and not only that, but one of the websites. I don't know what we just wanted was that we'll be over one by David Brock. Uh, we have a link to it. So I was chicken, I think I'll have the last couple of days, and it's got all these coats because they rip brush and ass. And they you know, point the big spotlight right in all of this garbage. He spues. Not being one that ever listens to him. If one I'm on vacation, I just refused to listen to that crap. I was reading some of the stuff on there about Barney Frank when about this one in An ouncey Pelosi. And all this other right wing a crap, you know, just garbage. Just stupid stuff. I mean, here are there all of these. Here they're all of these horrendous things going on the world and this guy everything is a big joke everything is yukyukyukyukyukyuk Oh, I wasn't really serious any of those just joking! Oh! Alright. What a subhuman piece of garbage and the people listen to them in the same category as for as I'm concerned. Alright? You can't listen to that, Swa. Oh, we just want to hear what the other side is saying? Well he ain't the other side of anything, okay? The other side of the mood. He's the other side of the human race. I better take to who happy about this story. Judge rejects bid to stop same-sex marriages and massive chusels. Oh my god. A federal judge yesterday rejected a last minute bid by the conservative groups to block the nation's first state sanction game marriages from taking place in Massachusetts next week. U.S. District Judge Joseph Toro said Massachusetts in fact, I'm here in the rumor is that Beast and their cleritor, high tail end up to Boston this weekend. So it's a Beast Tom town? They're going to tie the knot. Clirits has dives on the groom. U.S. District Judge Joseph Toro said Massachusetts High Court Acted within the authority interpreting the Massachusetts Constitution, the play this immediately announced they take their case to the first U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Toro heard arguments once then, a petition spur headed by the Florida-based Liberty Council, all we know about them. And joined by the Catholic action league, we sure know about them, 11 state lawmakers in conservative legal groups in Boston, Michigan and Mississippi. Matthew Staver, president and general counsel of the U.S. Wright Wing Liberty Council, had argued that the state's high court overstepped its bounds when a rule denovement that gay marriage should be legal in Massachusetts, he pleaded with the federal judge of her hunt as constitutional train wreck. How do you like that? A state attorney arguing on behalf of the Supreme Judicial Court said that the court based attuning on the Massachusetts Constitution and the case did not belong in federal court. The Massachusetts Court ruled that city and town clerks could begin issuing marriage licenses to gay couples starting on Monday. Oh, right, you go. Get on that plan, Beast. All of the hop aboard, let's Chris Moran would say. Moran. 1241, Chris used to say hot dog hop aboard, I'm sure we can't say that anymore. Okay, no, not with the connotations of that involved. 19 till one, we got the mad dog at two o'clock this afternoon, the hoppers off today because he's over there concerning what they've done in Baltimore. Speaking of that, are you racing fans tomorrow, May 15, Palpatre Park will feature a final casting of the 129 running of the pre-tune states from Pimico-Racecourse in Maryland? What is the thing that they eat there or crab cakes, right? Isn't that the big thing? In Maryland? Yeah, in Baltimore, so you can watch and wait you on the second leg of the Tribal Crown, right at Palpatre Park tomorrow. In fact, there's early word of way during on the pre-tune states starting at 1 to 1 in a afternoon and just a few minutes. And for both days, Palpatre Park will have free past for our performance pages for the pre-tune field. For Moral, Palpatre Park opens extra early with its new audience you can eat buffet on the 4th floor, starting at 430 in a PM. Just to have mile from both I and I, 95 in the turn pipe, Palpatre Park is easy to get to invest of all the air for your free admission and free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the Polk room open every Wednesday Friday like the night and Saturday, Polkers starts at noon so it's end of way already today goes on till midnight. And live racing gets end of way nightly with a brand new post-time 725 in the PM. Palpatre Park also has the best in simultaneous casting, 7 days and nights a week. The best in harness stir-bred highlight action from all across North America, feed to watch and plunge your guts on. Palpatre Park of Locks out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the Cartway Schedule 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 or check them on a web, palpatreopark.com. Don't forget to watch and plunge on the pre-tmiss this weekend today and tomorrow at palpatreopark. My ride and local, here's SportsWitty O56QA, UAM. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Jesus makes me an old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old management said can our kids turn into the employment of the Markoni show the airing of a segment on Wednesday morning regarding the execution of bird was insensitive inappropriate and repulsive. Bird 26 was the owner of a permitious methods tower sir we know that. How do you like that? Before heading to Iraq March 14 he built an 854 tower for civile's country. W H W can bring him to New York did you know that? No I did not. Little trivia there for a late Nicholas bird. So we got two more fided guys man everybody's getting fired in this business they're getting fired again suspended they're getting like a whole weird fine. Find it at all in their case. Yeah well deserved. Sean had it he played the audio tune I don't know what his comments were whether they are appropriate or inappropriate but I think him getting fired will be a real plus from Fox News radio but he won't put that out of it. All of these people are cool as it said not the best restaurant how about Jimmy's west of president circle in Hollywood. It says old waggle's home cooking fresh veggies great soup and one price dinner very good dessert. And then scum another one. It also says goodbye Paul and Ron. Well there you go. See we deemed himself right there the S into that fact we even put or not as whatever you want from that because it sounds to me like sloppy but anyway the best sit down restaurant Metro kitchen in varney aster hotel on Washington 10th and South Beach the Metro kitchen in var. What ever happened to some young guy what's the name of that place? Side home short. No no they are Thai Tommy. How? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm Thai Tommy saying fun a best Thai food. Yeah whatever happened to that guy's he ever go out of business or the be says it's still there. Still there Thai Tommy. How do you like that? Well mean there's a lot of other people like to want to rest around with it some nice nice white people. Uh-huh. Or maybe some even not so nice white people. I would prefer to go in a restaurant where the food was good. I don't get a crap who's eaten in there. Unless they're like real smart me you know. Like a glass glass. In the rascal house I'm going to tell you right now man it will be very very foreign few places in America other than maybe in somewhere in New York. Where the rascal house would stay in business. And I have been in the near so maybe maybe they're really nice in there. You think maybe the services great and they treat you really well I doubt it. Probably on Beyonc's the whole barbaric idea of being just showing the food at you treating you like crap like Joe's. I still see that college kid sitting there with those nice pants with a crease in the whole deal dressed up nice and they orange juice spilled just running over the table all of his pants and she takes his sweet times and says I saw that he'd let you be a west problem. I want to get up and slap the bitch myself you know. And anyway Izzool at the manvid Oriental hotel Izzool was recently voted one to world's 50 best new restaurants in condoness traveler a hot list of one of America's 10 best hotel restaurants by food and wine magazine as well as being the best restaurant 2001 by escar magazine. Azul at the Mandarin Oriental hotel where when I was the Mandarin Oriental hotels that on South Beach I don't know I do where there is. Bricle key. Oh really? Bricle key well as skew is me that's a little bit beyond all of our scope in it. It's where the beast lives. The beast lives on Bricle lots right. His folks have got the big bus. That's why he weighs 600 pounds and they keep pampering him and you know I'm using him. I'd sue their ass if you want to get some big bus sue your parents for parental malpractice. How's he gonna do that when he's dead? Well we'll take it. We'll head a look case for it. We'll get normal can't see into him or she's lost humanly. The German restaurant you think about on federal is the very invillage. Thank you that's what somebody else said to in your right. The very invillage was very very very good. Of course these days you know that kind of goose stepping sound gets a little bit nervous but that's okay. WQAM hello. QAM not there can't imagine why WQAM hello. For a wheel? Yes. How you doing Neil? Pretty damn good. I got 17 restaurants for the pool. Okay let's have the first tip. I know it's probably not an issue in the public but I like a place. Listen don't apologize it's your taste man it's what you like now let everybody else like. It's right and I guess in your book if you're a poor car I guess I'm a poor car too so I like big portions and big portions of pretty good food that the cheesecake factory. Ooh okay. Alright Neil enjoy your Louisville thanks Pally see at the sawgrass not there are other people that are reading a meal I've ever been important they were decided to serve you with the foods okay the cheesecake yeah I've heard so many bad things about that I mean their cheesecake is outstanding it's awesome you can stand here for a half an hour wait for a slice to take home set the burn half an hour waiting for a waiter then set the right hours waiting for your food right of course now is there another one beside the one in the sawgrass is that it doesn't want to have a turn right oh there is they're all over the place really yeah the cheesecake factory well that's good because I sure is how not going to the sawgrass even was very close by main convenient when you park and after walk 16 miles just you get to the purple parrot entrance it's a little bit disconcerting you know all they have to walk off that cheesecake so that's good I still don't understand for the life of me we've been asking for what year did they build let's see I'm trying to think it must have been uh it'll have been a must have been 13 14 years ago they built the sawgrass mills mall because I watched them build it from my backyard my old house my previous house and for the life of me and all those years I keep asking people why do so many tourists go there why they bring these busloads of people what is the attraction is it like a major store there a chain a map what what do they show up therefore state of mind I mean they got a couple of food courts in there with the Nathan's which are like Nathan's hot dogs but I'm sure's not going to slip over to the sawgrass and walk four miles to the purple parrot to go into the by a hot dog and you know they're just I don't get it and a place is always packed nobody in our spaghetti in glaze all these Brazilian people which I'm sure they're very very nice that they would speak Spanish which they don't what they don't speak a day speak portagazzi man or some other crap I don't know what they're talking about portagazzi portagazzi I hear Lisbon by the way as really come around Lisbon is really a hot place really I'm just telling you that we are in a very active takeoff to Rome after you check out Amsterdam state the Swiss hotel I got to be exactly the room number to that is a good location if you're going to Amsterdam folks state the Swiss hotel it's run the dam rack it's not a five star I think it's a four but it's it's nice and clean and uh spiffy it's fine it's right next to McDonald's which we apologize for that but then right door two doors beyond that is the Albert Heiney takeout place Albert Heiney go a little mini market and you're saying well what's a big deal with that listen if you didn't find anything edible an anst event well I mean food that is it's a major miracle you know I've had my ups and downs with umstavans one was always say I'm never gonna go back there I'm so burned out it's so old but there's just something about it you know I can't put my finger on it well no actually I can't know that how far you just try that's why keep going back there because I can't put my finger on it let's say best sit down restaurant is Scotty's landing of coconut grow a way that wasn't a triple on tonda just did Scotty's landing of coconut grow let's see it they've got their own website cancel waterfront dining this is from kp of corgables who says go my mimo or my go my mimo or ons to the orange bull now was that part of the deal is that's still the deal that if they build that stating by the orange bull they still have to change the name to mind the marlins yeah thanks up yeah right the does anybody we to care no I mean at this business of Florida marlins anywhere was stupid I mean Tampa Bay has got kind of a baseball team not much by me well why should be flora we need that embarrassed to move on to call it the Florida marlins what's that all about the Florida Panthers but they just be the sunrise Panthers remember tells me that season tickets sales are really pretty good for next season two better isn't going to be one let's see here's one it says please repeat what the um something guy said about the pre-knis uh I missed it about the what guy you mean like Dave Johnson they're the guy Dave Johnson they pre-knis a race called our in history along with time Durkin okay those do heads and shoulders of everybody else I know they give him you know Trevor did man okay I am so sick and terrible as pretty shacks since they just make him on a barf but anyway Dave Johnson said he likes a smiley uh shorts again and I picked imperialism for third he picked line heart to place so it's a chalk uh exacto there if you believe Dave We want a triple crowd winner maybe that pre-knis is a lot right not him the we need a hero just like 73 when down in the dumps the euro boil embargo watergate all of these things and we had secretary had man I'll never forget sitting in my apartment in Sarasota, Florida on a setary if no Washington, Belmont Stakes is secretary at Polterway in the stretch to win by 31 lengths and chick Anderson was screaming and yelling and carrying out it was gray I was screaming I was actually screaming what a surprise even I'm a little less screaming than I used to be my younger days nevertheless 1256 at 560 WQM the lights are less broken everybody and their brother is in low carb thing now it's amazing have you noticed every restaurant and it's got like a low carb menu everybody and now they say that Coke and who is the other one and Pepsi or come out with like low carb orange juices and all these other things anyway the low carb diet a lot of people are losing weight on or at least try and if you're on the Atkins the sugar buster South Beach any low carb sugar free diet a stir that you're gonna love because it gives you the variety and taste You need to stay on that program is the lights of us book of the number one low carb store in the USA Many of the new reduced car products and stir shells are geared toward cutting back on carbs not a losing weight so what's the point in that the lights of us book is expertise is always been on the weight loss phase a low carb dining the lights carries over a thousand products with a focus toward the lowest possible that confitted away successful low carb weight loss plan the spring sale at the lights is going on right now So stop on by their staff knows dieting inside and up and they're open every day seven days a week from 10 10 you find you like so West Boca on the northeast corner of blades in 441 next to Boston market But leaving you read your actions to that steakhouse. What's the call again? Prime something you are you part my can I remember that I think it's most fall absolutely I got a metal block because of that old turret or column 23 at 1 8 7 7 low carb LWC ARB run away with low carb dot com there are a lot of stories with similar names But trust me when I've had it there's only one deal I'm West Boca and it's your official Actions retail center My my And local this is for 25 Oh my favorite Republic in this is Madras and it's time for the skills they are floating It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been a reenostrado cargo and a sort of buffalo garante When slow stars on the window Oh my god, I'm a fan of a matter of a lot But we're gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona I know the go-up and you make the go and text us in the yard I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man We're gonna California and you are going to South Dakota and Oregon's Emily and my dear man I've been everywhere man I know it's the go-up I know it's the go-up and the both trials And Oregon we're gonna California and Texas Santa Fe, California is the blue rock black rock We're gonna South Dakota and Michigan I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man I've been everywhere man And then we're gonna watch a DC and make the go-up Oh, yeah Come on, come on, it's all for given how I come on pack, what do you say? 102 at 5.60WQ I'm gonna forget to join the QMQ these tonight 6th of the way to Gansby's in Davy Okinawa, I, 5.95 University Drive stop by for specials on Bansbyer Plus when Marlon took it's another really low budget Prices that 6th tonight at Bansbyer at the Gansby's in Davy And Join little George tomorrow 11 at 1 at 4 to Pompano Don't step on him now He's at 1,000 North Federal Highway in Pompano Step by the spin the wheel for Prices and enjoy free food for Relantic City subs With George at 11 at 4 to Pompano He'll take all kinds of great Ford stories I'm sure But the car about Gerald Ford Vity Ford Pertre Ford There's an all-time market high in this story That I, let's see this is from yesterday And of course they topped it again today Or 41 dollars a barrel Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices You think maybe they could kill themselves and say we heard from them that day? We can only hope We can only pray That we don't have to be that the world doesn't have to be burdened by such a nomskyl such a simple did Is that punk? Oh thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and for this wonderful job you're doing Oh, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and team for Isamarlas line We're asking today on our very very popular neo-wrages.com poll What's the best See now earth put all this other extraneous stuff in here The best sit down not fast food restaurant and stuff or did they? What is it? That's what you wrote on your facts I wrote one not a whole bunch Oh, not that no well he's just trying to emphasize He's trying to like chime in because obviously don't have too much to do today Just relax Eric okay have a couple more than baloney and Swiss he sandwiches with mustard and relax or with relish He's everything with relish like the beast Ruth Chris hundred twice or he wins a beast gone back on that sack by the way The potato sack yeah in fact I understand he comes to work in a potato sack every day That's what I'm hearing from his good buddy. Mow maybe it's going to be beast and mo it's gonna be Are you serious? Huh? He likes that idea very much. You want to go back with mo he might not have that choice Are you could knock me off his chair with a feather right now? Other if it came in off You would go back on with mo while what was the reason for that? Are you in erie are you in Joe Rose having like a little bit of a problem? A little bit Really yeah, oh in other words Joe hates you like poison just like everybody else learn to do after the while Even even you're good buddy for now Remember for real I got to get rid of the beast that's all ever talking about Yeah You're right in the beast If I that's probably the reason I put him over to you is why couldn't contain himself He probably would still be on a year right now would have been able to like mind his piece and cues if we weren't so like I'll been on the shape about the beast The beast Back most of you sure, baby, we said given away those tickles and come watch me and Uncle funny It was about the beast sucks. We gotta get him off his show Anyway Ruth Chris is gonna 120 people. That was my choice and man. Why had good taste or what? Err, and of course I can afford it Uh 123 Joe Stone crabs 41 That's the beast choice and it was that actually your choice or we just adding that on that was his choice no 41 Err, Mold Coast 20 the big cheese 19 blue moon fish companies got 16 piece a lot got 16 I was going Jeffery Cohen Christie's 13 the palm is got 10 Kossada and 109 Anthony's runway 84's got eight it's great Sir, if there's any restaurant in town that gives you so much food that you really can say it's just too much That's the one Fox is sharing in eight canyons eight and what are they saying on hell seven? I've ever held a time to see that like I said it word of day's saying angel Sage can't face got seven mumbo jambo is got seven smoky bones barbecues got six lovelail now song is got six which I apologize I've heard of it, but I don't go to bokeh so what do I know about it? Long for rain to spy the rascal house has got five New York primes got four sign cuisine four full views for senior primes We just put it under it's got four votes already more like that I know what moe it's all the crap you can unwrap that's what he's five six seven 05 60 palm five 60 on the AT&T and the rise in the world is lying WM hello hey Neil yes sir reenows roast beef Reenows roast beef The Italian beef sandwiches that wasn't a sit down restaurant Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Well, no, it's the reenows they're going to end here and end here and open right actually now they're down on old US one closed Eller drive Well, even the encoder would be proud but anyway if you all seen new ads with these Republicans got with the black The print but the words they really want you to look at or read letters a lot George I don't watch any of the Republican as my set is program to turn them out It's I'm ashamed and ought to be okay. Thanks, pal. They see it reenows Now reenows used to be that's a famous a place that I was always used to be a sponsor about a hundred years ago And they had it wasn't a fancy place It's not you wouldn't talk about Ruth Chris and Reno's in the same breath, but it was a head of drag through though so wouldn't qualify But it was very very good and had the great sandwiches and weeners and just good stuff good child Reno's and then of course Andrews and Oakland that neighborhood became a little bit different now probably got a lot of replaces stuff like that five six seven Oh five six deep Chicken joints pound five 60 on the AT&T and rising wireless line looking one now. Yeah, matter of fact Oh damn a bone in again Hey, when that happens WQAM hello Hi, you're so beautiful. Okay, the French place called shay gage George love it. Oh God Now which which one is that That's our Reverend Jones which which which which not job is that. Yeah, it's just obsessed with that That's all he talks about is George's game. I'm sure he wants a date. No question. I'm sure that maybe Muffkin fix you up. Okay, or maybe if Clarence and the Therence and the beast is so not to make that trip to Boston this weekend. Maybe they can like it. You can be like the pivot man. No, thank you I'm talking about the calling. How many QAM hello? Hello, yes sir. How you doing? I'm calling it through the boat Yes, sir. Go ahead. Okay. Well, Fox is sharing in restaurant. It's already on there And it's got a few votes. It's a matter of fact to think let me take a look It's got eight votes Eight votes ready right okay, well, I guess you have my not my not in place in the place We're going there. So little kids. Thanks, probably have a great day. Okay, appreciate it. And a great weekend in a great life. Okay. I have no life five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's see there's an article on our website that they would you really ought to read You ought to read all of them, but even though I know you won't Where was the press when the first Iraq prison allegations arose? It's a long article by Greg Mitchell and editor in publisher magazine, but I'm not going to read it because most of it is an interview Is the press tried to make up for lost time once again. The media is now bursting with a counts of prison abuse and I'll be gray Another Iraqi prison, but where were they last fall? Whenever it's a wrongdoing started to emerge when a public accounting might have halted what turned out to be the worst of the incidents It was not an officially sanctioned story that begins with a handout from an official source Charles J. Hanley, pull its your prize when in correspondent for the associated press told me this week Hanley was the first reported dig in the accusation of abuse when he returned to Baghdad for his latest to her press duty last September I've led to a series of stories culminating in a shocking report shocking I know, remember first of last year based on interviews with six released detainees he is still amazed that apparently no one else was looking into the allegations And no major newspaper picked up as reporting after it appeared. Why? That's something you'd have to ask editors that major newspapers. You said because there does seem to be very strong prejudice toward investigating U.S. officials statements with credibility while disregarding statements from all any other source and in this current situation your mackey sources Investing U.S. officials statements were incredible just like the stuff about the depapitated one Really sad. Yeah, all well, we did never had them in our in custody. We never got a hold of him right and And that email they must have just made that up Right, it wasn't really stories like fall toll of detainees being attacked by dogs humiliated by guards spending days with hoods over their heads Now from in your images in the urban and American minds even after the Pentagon promised an investigation in January and us to rest in March Handly was surprised when it was not more interest in investigative reporting done It's hard to fault my colleagues and bag that considering the pressure and danger they feel many stories are missed That's the way it is in more but clearly there's a mindset in the U.S. media that slows the aggressive pursuit of stories that make the U.S. military look bad And that was not what the whole interview and you can read it on our website By a great Mitchell They've known about it for months and months and months and again the tragedy the thing that they're most The Smate about was those pictures That's the problem. That's what Rumsfeld is pissed off about. That's what bushes humiliated and disgraced by the pictures getting out Okay, can you please hold those pictures for another couple of weeks over there at CBS please? No, can't do it can't do it, pal. I Because if the pictures never would have gotten out the same craft would be going on right now You're girlfriend Linda English. She'd probably be getting you being doing five days Yeah five of those two and all's in two and hours Slut Man, what man how anybody even how anybody could even like think about touching that that is the nastiest skankiest trailer trash bitch I have ever seen what call that slop in the hall back home Let me say it again. She anyway the jury springer would turn her down in two seconds There's not a chance you can make this bring her show even in the audience. They can make a new show But all around her now bet Probably it's after one at five sixty wqms your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost let away This outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business pay roll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Outcoursing can cover to help your business be more profitable. That's what it's all about call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at One eight six six at oasis that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven with more than sixty thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management Outcoursing's being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving all those operational details to the folks at oasis outsourcing Let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for free evaluation no obligation call him toll free one eight six six at oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven for oasis outsourcing My Okay, happy having a new day Hey, would you please be having a fruit slur beach we are having a sale on camera We have a lot of our many flavors We're afraid that there's not a lot of We are Okay You We're going to back We're going to We're going to We're going to Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back Back house doesn't watch it to see. After theater meet up with other move on.org members to give our flyers that explain in everyday language what causes global warming how bushers environmental policies could lead us into real-life climate crisis and what we can do together to meet this challenge then Scott a bunch of links and things and stuff. Could it go see it? Yeah I got some free passes. You do? Yeah. You're going to go see Troy. Yeah and I'll pay to see that. And the day after tomorrow free right. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line we're looking for the best sit down restaurant in South Florida right now this moment not from 100 years ago not from back when men were men and so were women. Speaking of the Brazilians so far you can't touch Ruth Christan Babylon it's not even a battle for anything other than third you know it Ruth Chris has 128 Joe Stone crabs 44 and after that it's way down to the big cheese 21 animal coast 20 how can the big cheese am I stupid or what I guess what is that what are what is their thing the big cheese it's a big you and hang out down there you are and that's the the the third best restaurant in South Florida the big cheese that's a good pizza it's a pizza joint pizza and you know cheap Italian food much less oh my god you know poppers wings the got wings I don't think that wings like I said here's a fact that says the for your pull the best restaurant in South Florida is high-life cafe at 3000 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale just down the street from Ruth's Chris if you're like soups they make the best Vichy swath all I got another one for the list myself Houston's oh very good oh do I love Houston's or what I haven't I don't eat there very much because they don't have like a lot of little carbs stuff report talk about great soups and just great stuff Houston's is fat also anyways is they make the best Vichy swath I don't want that that's cold soup and it that's like some frog thing yeah it's got to leak it it oh the rumor I'm here is that the because there's not gonna be any hockey season probably next year that thing that the panthers do over here they're gonna have a dinner we're only Denise Poppan is gonna be appearing it's gonna be called waiter there's a frog in my soup and anyway it says they're duckling and salmon are fantastic meter which I would test with your mouth and the most outrageous dessert is their orange and coconut chest pie to which I would say fat orange and coconut chest pie hey that don't sound good to me anyway Sean a four Loderdale says you're the greatest thank you Sean don't take it personal because it's just not my cup of tea it's not my tea room ps the name of the steak house at Weston diplomat is Hollywood Prime thank you Sean for a magnificent facts and enjoy the high-life cafe enjoy the high-life 560 560 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM hello yes I got a girlfriend here yes they're speaking anyhow I got the about the little rose for 41 villa rose which is uh this is then Hollywood then Hollywood just uh just uh not the Johnson Street I don't know what he wants isn't that that pizza place the little pizza place yeah I got a good food though it's pretty nice okay okay thanks pal already villa rose saw see again I mean I have eaten there and it was it was pretty good they have the thin pizza they claim to be like Italy which it's not but it was pretty good what oh nothing I saw something funny on TV like what I'm kidding you're thinking it's not if it's not I was just in Rome Mr. I had one of the real thin crust real Italian pizzas they they cook in the wood burning oven in like two minutes you can't match it anymore and the pasta oh mom mia the spaghetti paladora what they like toss the Parmesan or Rijiano right in with a little bit of tomato in the pasta and it's all like all mixed into there ain't nothing in a war like that mama thuu yeah mama mia In fact they kept looking at me because it might table like it going all right Certain parts of the county of course when they say mama it generally followed by some other things but we can't say those on here anymore but at any rate What was I just saying yeah how can how can pizza places I mean the big cheeses a UM joint we don't have any audience at the U of M there no UM students listen to this show apparently no get out of here are you crazy you're nuts no time we ever had any responses when we started putting the naked pictures on there then they scared like you know the cater crowd and the UM cropping you know like that But other than that we don't have any UM people is they even the beast will try to do that he'll get our guarantee of that am I right Maybe one or two yeah maybe one or two they need Mike Rosenthall is this thing he's monitoring the show it's doubly a new time is one twenty foot I'm Mike Rosenthall on a marito God put that thing back in a jar What a twerp heat to me everything that university mama's all about is Mike Rosenthall he's at he's the epitome of what that place is You catch my drift no you drift a silly person him and J. Roe Keech When he's 88 years old J Roe Keech is still going to be doing UM baseball games so still be doing the PA at Marquillite stadium when he's 110 years old although his family does make a hell of a pickle 560 pound 560 on the AT&T I'm surprised nobody said Houston's man again when he look at pizza joins getting all these votes and I'll say it again pizza law says in let's say three six places got 17 votes The food is excellent it's fabulous it's consistently good but the idea that it's the seventh best sit down restaurant in South Florida tells me that the food in South Florida is falling on a hard times Jesus K Christ Mr. Or else you folks are just aren't given us a very good list that's what I think it is Don't you oh and maybe they could if you'd love them name more than Warren you know Yeah, maybe if they named like 10 or 15 or 20 kill somebody a good time WM hello Yes, man Have a rest time for your ball okay? How the mark was all this what is it Mark's was all this Mark's lost solace. Yeah, what kind of a joint is that? Fun food nice sit down a little bit spicy, but delicious is that MMRK Yeah, and they are K S lost all of okay and as a cheesecake factor on my soul is also yes before I'll pass Okay, thanks. We don't have a great weekend. Thank you. Bye bye. Mark's lost solace. You got it. We got it Oh, they're gotta be I mean there's a lot of really gourmet restaurants, but again you gotta understand not everybody like George You're the beast king about these can't angle. We were one of the mommy daddy got a lot of cash. They got the big bucks. They spoiled I'm rotten. Let's do a whole show that on people like spoiler kids and destroy their lives like the rumors for example They're up here now because they're kids having a birthday. Well, that's just other excuse to come up here Interfer with his life and smother him and treat him like a five-year-old I met a nice girl. He's engaged. He's gonna be married, but they just won't leave him alone. He's doing really great at the fan He's got a nice career going, but they're just smothering just you know I'm talking about No, yes, you went out in your case. Oh, I mean my mother will smother you, but not in a positive way No, what probably with a pillow right bitch 26 past one at five 60 WC. I'm good news for it. Oh, I gotta get this thing ready. That's right because we don't have no Josh today Tell me me what we need him for is What that's what we need him for he's got a whole bunch of Lobster fesh is back at the ammo coast if you've never been there before you know what you're missing This is no ordinary Asian event fact the ammo coast is number four on list already In order to be number three because this idea the big cheese man. It makes me big sick Anyway, the service is great to food his fantastic. It's a feast at the ammo coast Sensational mouthwatering dishes start out with any or all of six different kinds of soup They got your uh wantin and your egg drop and all those Then sample dozens of delicious entres like New York strip made order at their sizzling Asian grill on with a brand new who non fish Main lobster thermator style Jonah crab oysters and a half shell They got handcar primary waiting for their new Thai specialies and they got a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup The brand new sushi bar and fresh See you cocktail and Don't forget you'll ever walk out with her with a headache because they don't use any MSG no corn starch None of that crap they cook all her good stuff only with cholesterol free oils and they got everything Replace every few minutes so that it's fresh delicious and unbelievable and because you deserve it if you're real cow They got a dessert bar too after all these things. How can I have dessert believe me? I've seen many of you If the dessert station you'll find Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream and all your favorite toppings and even fresh fruit It's the perfect end of your perfect meal even featuring See you cocktail. Why's not here today so I figured we can a little extra bonus Amoled coast now with relocations for you sunrise sunny hours pepper pines take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now Let them cook up a feast for you take out an livery available to vote a number one by zaget restaurant reviews and Wsv and news a south lotus best Asian buffet and they're absolutely correct for our information call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two the Unbeatable Amoled coast Chinese buffet My local this is five six years Is the base of fat you This one you know how a stone or speed You know We'll hide You pass the brownies You Let me Love when I smoke the bond just like you can choke Yeah That bond the bond bond Look at that hot so glorious Have a 89 I was curious So I have a mom for some cannibals you just hope before school on the bus Come on friends to love the pot every day of an hour just can't stop one day We even took up for the cops. We're gonna pick that hook up. They have macins Cs. Home home. We we we we we we we we we we we we we we we Free free Gonna roll again say I plant macins Cs. Home home. We we Home home Let me smoke that song Baby That bond the bomb on Let me just put the bone just like you can choke. Yeah. Yeah That bond the bomb on Take it a minute yeah, you pass it right over here Oh yeah One cookie three five sixty that's it on over the beast craziness with this fat presence today now this Facts from KP Accord able this isn't the first time he's done this you know good Inferences but feeding us like we're a bunch of two year olds like we have no idea what's going on Don't know if it's true. I just got through reading earlier in the show the story from the national and choir and also the wire story about Lindy England and all of her At least some of her but I'll read it again making me happy. Hey look here's a fact about Ron and Ron Ron and Ron yeah, they're so off going to big big blah blah Ron and Paul you mean that well that's that's the facts as Ron and Ron Oh Ron and Ron are going to a big okay good Anyway, it says go to www.mirror.co.uk The UK's New York Post and read about Lindy's jail orgies film having group sex in front of a wrecky business This is not been disclosed in the West News organization says KP Accord able It's true get with it. Okay KP is always always a day late in the dollar sure it's because you're in the geables Okay stuck with a bunch of losers down there first that Already talked about it was in the inquirers on a wire services, but the mirror says This grace US soldier Lindy England was filmed having sex in front of a rocky prisoners of a slave last night The 21 year old privacy already at the center of a storm over picture showing her holding a naked inmate by a leash at Baghdad Notorious Abu Gareb jail Now more depraved pictures of the resurface in the series of sex acts with different colleagues of inherited Decentators in America one say she was having sex with numerous partners It appeared to be consensual almost everyone is naked all the time. We had that story yesterday Or was it even the day before possibly Senator Norm Coleman and it was pretty disgusting That way you expect from Americans. That's right Americans don't do disgusting things There was lots of sexual stuff not to be a wrecky's but of our troops other pictures in the new dossier He headed a Congress should Iraqi women made it was supposed their breast and fourth sexual acts between male prisoners One was of an inmate of using himself of a banana Among the most disturbing scenes was a video for young male repeatedly banging was seldom or until he collapsed The handcuff prisoner prepared to have a rope attached to his waist with someone pulling him toward the door Senator Julie Leiberman said it just deepens the conclusion that this was a cell block that had gone wild Colleague Ben Knight horse-camulated. I don't know how they held these people got into our army There were several pictures of Iraqi women who were disrobed or putting their shirts up They were not smiling. That's for sure. It looked like they had been beaten Policisions had the new pictures of abuse even more graphic than they expected said Senator Dick Durbin It's like looking at one of the rings of hell and it's a ring of hell of our own creation Why am I reading this and we've been over all of this story? I assure that's that's supposed to read amusing himself with a banana Private England who is five months pregnant was sent back to the US after the scandal broken as facing a court marshal She spends her days doing medial chores like washing the walls at four prag North Carolina perfect for her That's perfect The soldier tried to paint herself as an unwilling participant in the humiliating photos of her with naked Iraqi on a dog Lean other shots including her pointy and inmates genitals She claimed she was following orders from persons in my chain of command Yesterday her sister Jessica Klein stivers said she was being made a scapegoat I mean this this stuff in here is even nearly as good as the stuff that was near the two articles are right, but thanks Anyway, K.P. and Coral Gators what time is your sure one get with it? Just in case anybody missed the earlier crash She's pregnant, but we're not really sure whether it was by her so-called boyfriend or by one be Iraqi prisoners That's what they're peeing in their pants about or a Billy gun or that banana let scapegoat her sister's talking about 5605050 it was a scapegoat escape cut off the next cell down the hall WQM hello Hey now, yes sir, I'll have a good day pretty damn good, Pally all right Listen, I got a unique one for you a little restaurant fall there. Uh-huh I know you don't like sushi, but it's a place in Hollywood called It's called why it's called Caffe You know jazz and blue there, but one of best kept secrets in that restaurant Pick up the killers steak and stop for a really not notice a steak joint That's like one there big secret We're in this place again. It's called it's owned by a sax player in Kenny millions It's called the sushi blues and blue monkey cafe. I know where is it as one of my Offs are Hollywood Boulevard right on Hollywood Boulevard No, actually I'm sorry it's on Harrison Street and now Hollywood Florida Now is that William Henry Harrison or Benjamin Harrison? Georgia thanks a lot, pal. No, and the streets in Hollywood you should notice by now your Hollywood guy They're named after presidents You have always wondered and of course you'd have to know that the timeline there, okay? Like yes, it's by Tyler Street isn't it Harrison Street? Yeah, so that would be like William Henry Harrison I beg your pardon Harrison is just south of Hollywood Boulevard One block no, but why not you you're not understanding what I'm saying You've obviously if you follow the names of the streets that's in chronological order of the president I do it a little bit easier to know that it's just one block south of Hollywood Boulevard I see 567.0.560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line and we're gonna put that on our sushi whatever that was Maybe Greg will go there okay and choke on it Oh god Greg leave us all alone with you. We don't want to share in your lifeless adventure. I have no right. Oh god Greg Reed man a guy and emotional cripple a lunatic crazy person WQM hello yeah, hey, how you doing pretty good? Gary Woods in Boko on US one Chinese food unbelievable Gary woo W-O-O Yeah W-O-O-S And the PRP of China is also pretty good. Okay. Thanks. There's a couple. Okay. Well, I've heard of P.F. Changs ever. That's where it was that I mean, I know we're supposed to be angry at him because he snuck in another one, but I've heard P.F. Changs That's probably also in Bokeh. He sounded like a Boker kind of guy. Yes, in Bokeh, right across from F.A. You live in Bokeh You know how I think how I don't oh god I mean you're not nearly old enough. I mean, you know when you get to be about 80 then you can be one of the old Jews in Bokeh But and of course by that then the Jews will all be like in St. Petersburg for St. Augustine Just keep running and running and you can't run man. He want to run from the people who don't speak in English They want to run from those dark folks over there that keep their invading south beats all at hip hop crowd Where is what's your name when we needed the most what's her name what's your name the article queen? I need to write it. No, no the article queen. She's dead with the yellow teeth About how the south beats doesn't eat gambling. What's that was your name? How the mighty a fall in man our minds had just turned into jelly. I've never come to the night. Never do Yeah, you did before my turn. Oh, but we've played we got the car there where she rambles on about the south beats don't eat gambling and yaddi Addiya and all the stuff of crap and then of course everybody's saying see Neil she was right Of course what's south beats gonna be in about two or three years huh? What it was no that's never gonna be an outdoor funeral parlor for old Jews. It's gonna be like some kind of a I don't know what it is and gonna be nothing crack city 20 till two at five 60 WCway I'm spring at a savings right now and save like number before on a new car truck from armistron Toyota of homestead CZ defined it in what worth the drive there on US one just 20 minutes south of the 836 and the reason it's worth the ride because there's gonna save you so much cash They're gonna save you thousands on great new Toyota's Chuck out these great leestials waiting on you right now at all four camera your four runner just 269 a month before the advance how about an all four highlander just 309 a month need a truck They got an all four Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America and you can just just a hundred and seventy nine a month or 48 months These are just some of the fantastic unbeatable deals waiting for you right now at armstrong Toyota of homestead They're locally owned and I pray that they want to make you a half the camper in fact their service department is even over late till eight week That's to make sure they get all your work done and done right easy to find them they're right at the corner of US one and 293rd street in the homestead 20 minutes south of the 836 and much in here this armstrong Toyota homestead offers you Free tires batteries and replacing parts for the lackey or vehicle That's correct tires batteries and free parts for life nobody else nowhere is be doing that So don't waste your time at those mega car dealers and car giants who shout the screen and carry on like lunatics and then let you down Call our friend David Rich. He's the GM at armstrong Toyota homes then call him a 305 2423247 for an honest goodness unbeatable deal 305 2423247 travel little and save a ton on your great new Toyota only an armstrong Toyota of homestead 156 UAM Fair But you To be privacy that we're lacking in the home MAPRO invited a headline that will heat your body the floor Hey einemMr. Wal We get now day, I've only won We take the rest Nobody got too done, we got it That will help me and save you We got it, we won't be time to stop all We got it, waste, waste, waste, waste You say none or lovin' is what they got you to do Can't get any gum or throw home party come to be You've been in the lake, what they say I guess you're like the ball of the world I've been in the lake, what's going on I've been in the lake, what's going on I'll be a legend ball, we got it, we got it We got it, we got it, we got it Get them on your knees, we got it We got it, we got it 147 at 560 WQMADDOW coming up into a clock Any K for the Humperage 4 from Vegas Head of MP units is Abu Ghaiib was understand The general insurgent of the Abu Ghaiib prison guards accused of abusing Iraqis as military and civilian leaders ignored her request For more troops to watch prisoners, you know who that is Don't you? I don't want to say it I'm going to give you a clue Yeah, yeah, that one, Caprisky year whatever her identity The tennis car, Pinsky, oh sorry, car, Pinsky Head of the Army's 800th military police brigades Had she her superior officers and military intelligence officers All agreed that a military intelligence unit was in complete control Of the prison near Baghdad when the bus is occurred The 800th MP brigade was not full or poor, let me say again Not full of poorly trans soldiers she wrote in the email response to questions submitted by the AP By the way, speaking of emails, I got all my emails included at one of the York What a dork Don't do that again The CJTF7 military commanders continued to assign additional missions to the brigade Despite numerous pleas for additional personnel to perform the missions Nobody assigned Stephen Cambone and just look at him, he's a liar in a crook The Pentagon's intelligence chief told Congress on Tuesday That the military police undercarpaged Schemer Charger guarding the prisoners in that The military intelligence unit was only responsible for interrogations Such finger pointing continues as military officials prepare for the first court martial The soldier accused of refusing prisoners set to start in Baghdad Wednesday The old rows and descriptions of American soldiers humiliating beating and sexually using Iraqis prompted apologies prior to the prison, I'll reach among Muslims of war leaders Carpinski's 800th military police brigades supplied the soldiers Who guard of the prisoners at the jail, which had been set on those who say in the last Autorias Laka Report on the abuses by Army Major General Antonio to Google of Lens Carpinski for Poor leadership and suggests that he strongly tried to pinpoint for the abuses on others She defended herself in the email interview The coalition provisional authority the US led to the administration in Iraq Also never came through, but promises to provide prison guards for Abu Graves She said the prison was under control of the army's 250 military intelligence brigade whose officers gave orders to the MPs guarding the prisoners Lawyers and families of the charge soldiers also said they were acting under orders from intelligence operatives The orders came directly from the intelligence community said Paul Bergen The civilian lawyer for Sergeant Javal Davis the MPs were told to soften up the detainees So that intelligence information could be gathered to save the lives of the soldiers in the field And then of course those damn pictures Jesus Right Jesus Christ those gosh-dang pictures is buddy Bud Paxen would say 56060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line This is really you know I was really proud of the Ruth Chris part of it and Joe Stone crabs as much as I disagree Yeah, I can understand that but the rest of this list is like a little bit lacking what you call Q-literia excellence when you say Whatever you don't think no, I mean Ruth Chris 138 the Joe Stone crab 50 the big cheese 25 It's a pizza joint right Emerald coast 22 zoom on fish company 20 the pizza loft 19 we love it But it's a pizza joint. I think name recognition has a lot to do to let's go on here. Is that it? Yeah Christie 16 Christie's I mean now 17 to say that the big cheese is better than Christie's even a beast would have to laugh at that He would have to chuckle He'd have to roll a big fat one in the Sun sent one he saw that Wouldn't he? But that's right the beast probably don't need a Christie's because you can't you know in a fine restaurant like that you usually don't just pick out I've been there. It's great isn't it? Yeah, it's they don't have any warm saptors. He's in the wall The fox is sharing in 14 the palm 13 only a sap would eat at the big cheese Anthony's runway 84 13 Don't want me for getting on with like hook you up And then maybe you can be like a made man one these days Come on Joe Pissie the head made that live vell may zont nine cast it on July 9 canyons nine capital really cheesecake Factory it and what are they son on hail seven New York prime and bokeh's got seven motor like it Sage cafe seven mombo jumbo seven rascal out seven the rustic in seven smoky bones barbecue seven armadillo cafe Six, I didn't know we put that on there and as well deserve it's a great place as right kitty quarter the pizza Loft and a pizza lot Plaza I'm University Rav and a Davy I'm a little cafe. They got the best creme brulee. Do you ever have that? No, no when you're diabetic you should not be eating no creme brulee because it's covered with like a layer of um it's kind of like a little like tapioca sort of and It's covered with like a layer of like melted sugar around top. Oh, man. Woo Anyway Laveranda's got six Alexander's five full beos five the black orchids got vote El Molino's now very we didn't even know we told me about that somebody sneak that on there get out that was my vote Well El Molino's of course is still around her for a lot of day. Oh, and unfortunately for about oh I know two three four years now at least they've been out of business in a plantation out there by University drive just north of Peter's road and That was a great place. I see through all the time. That was a fabulous place and then for whatever reason They'd be a lot of there and when in somebody else came in or some other Italian joy Which ain't even the same league But El Molino's is great. It's on Sunrise is it? Yeah, on sunrise US one by the gay right either. Oh, I know exactly where it is that then there are many many a time El Molino is excellent, baby So you see there's so many great restaurants maybe just the people off by me their Westboro Maybe their taste isn't their touch. Maybe that's why El Molino's didn't make it There would nothing not to like it wasn't a real super expensive place the food was fresh the service was excellent It was delicious and now it's a go Oh Estnoci You We sing about the bread, with the better way to remain for sure and stay On the run I racked because we hate them For something that we know they did not do For sure, Barron, not to knock you pay, John Out of fear of truth And a stopage beat of the freedom And cry out what drop by Barron, you'll never leave And those they get in May Black women are piled They're the cold, I promise to take these smiles Over and through all that great that Barron shares And we'll go and promise these more times Like Barron, you'll always follow the border Who will put we in the cold Oh, Karen, come and see I'll make that bull dives That's been hurt like Barron, I'll rather they die Now, what's the rest of that Rick and Suds always used to have as a sponsor That was supposed to be so sensational and fantastic I was very good No, not the rest, Brighel No, it was imputation That's what I thought Now get out of town man Okay, you know what I'm talking about? No, it was their sponsor for a long, long time Rick and Suds, it was in like an Emaci's pleasure One of those places in plantation and university there I think Being able to pee, who's with a pee? Pick a dilly No, close Pick a dilly Now, and began with a pee, guarantee, okay And scoop this thing out Anyway, best restaurant sit down in all town Ruth Chris, go there this week Okay, bring a whole lot of money because it ain't cheap But it is sensational, 142 with Chris Joe Stonecraft 52 The big cheese 26 That's that Oh, yeah, the real kind of swears like the beast and Emile Coast 24 Pizza lock them blue moon fish company tied with 20 of piece and Christie's 18 Bye bye Joe, I'm flying to the beach on your QA And my own 148 I love eating nuts