You learned that al-Qaeda members have resided or traveled to the United States for years and maintained a support system in the United States. And you learned that FBI information since the 1998 blind shake, warning of hijackings to free the blind shake, indicated a pattern of suspicious activity in the country up until August 6th consistent with preparation for hijackings, isn't that so? You have other questions that you want me to answer in the sequence. You have indicated here that this was some historical document. And I am asking you whether it is not the case that you learned in the PDB memo of August 6th that the FBI was saying that it had information suggesting that preparations not historically. But ongoing, along with these numerous fulfilled investigations against al-Qaeda's self, that preparations were being made consistent with hijackings within the United States. What the August 6th PDB said, and perhaps I should read it to you. We would be happy to have it declassified in full at this time. I believe Mr. Van Vittista, that you've had access to this PDB. But we have not had it declassified so that it can be shown publicly. I believe I know. I believe you've had access to this PDB exceptional access, but let me address your question. Nor could we prior to today reveal the title of that. May I address the question, sir? The fact is that this Augustist PDB was in response to the president's questions about whether or not something might happen or something might be planned by al-Qaeda inside the United States. He asked because all of the threat reporting or the threat reporting that was actionable was about the threats abroad, not about the United States. This particular PDB had a long section on what then Laden had wanted to do speculative much of it. In 1997, 98, that he in fact liked the results of the 1993 bombing. It had a number of discussions of, I think had it the special, whether or not they might use hijacking to try and free a prisoner who was being held in the United States reform. It reported that the FBI had fulfilled investigations underway and we checked on the issue of whether or not there was something going on with surveillance of buildings and we were told. I believe that the issue was the courthouse in which this might take place. This was not a warning. This was a historic memo and historical memo prepared by the agency because the president was asking questions about what we knew about the inside. Now, if we had a warning taken, if you were willing to declassify that document, and others can make up their minds about it. We asked you a general matter, beyond the fact that this memorandum provided information and not speculative but on based on intelligence information that in Laden had threatened to attack the United States and specifically Washington DC. There was nothing reassuring was there in that PDB. Certainly not. There was nothing reassuring but I can also tell you that there was nothing in this memo. That suggested that an attack was coming on New York or Washington DC. There was nothing in this memo as to time, place, how aware this was not a threat report to the president or threat report. There were no specifics and in fact the country had already taken steps through the FAA to warn of potential hijacking. The country had already taken steps through the FBI to task their 56 field offices to increase their activity. The country had taken the steps that it could given that there was no threat reporting about flight to my paper inside. We have explored that and we will continue to with respect to the muscularity and the specifics of those efforts. The president was in Crawford, Texas at the time he received the PDB. You were not with him, correct? That's correct. Now, what's the president in words or substance alarmed in any way were motivated to take any action such as meeting with the director of the FBI meeting with the attorney general. As a result of receiving the information contained in the PDB. I want to repeat that when this document was presented, it was presented as yes, there were some frightened things. And by the way, I was not at Crawford, but the president and I were in contact and I might have even been the I can't remember with him by video link during that time. The president was told, this is historical information, I'm told he was told this is historical information. And there was nothing actionable in this. The president knew that the FBI was pursuing this issue. The president knew that the director's central intelligence was pursuing this issue. And there was no news right information in this document to pursue. The final question because my time has almost expired. Do you believe that had the president taken action to issue a directive to the director of CIA to ensure that the FBI had pulsed the agency to make sure that any information which we know had been collected. We know now had been collected. Was transmitted to the director that the president might have been able to receive information from CIA with respect to the fact that two alcate operatives who took part in the 911 catastrophe were in the United States. And that musawi who was not even made who the car was never even made aware of who had been who had jihadist connections. The FBI had arrested and who had been in a flight school in Minnesota trying to learn the avionics of a commercial jetliner despite the fact that he had no training previously had no explanation for the funds in his bank account. And no explanation for why he was in the United States would that have possibly in your view in hindsight made a difference in the ability to collect this information shake the trees as Richard Clark had said. And possibly interrupt the plotters. My view of commissioner Binovadis, as I said to Chairman King, is that first of all the director's central intelligence and the director of the FBI given the level of threat. For doing what they thought they could do to deal with the threat that we faced. There was no threat reporting of any substance about an attack coming in the United States. And the director of the FBI and the director of the CIA had received information. I am quite certain given that the director of the CIA met frequently face to face with the president of the United States that he would have made that available to the president or to me. And I am very proud of the fact that he is a good analysis to go back and assume that somehow maybe we would have gotten lucky by, by, by, quote, shaking the trees. Declarked with shaking the trees. I'm director of central intelligence with shaking the trees. The director of the FBI was taking the trees. We had a structural problem in the United States. And that structural problem was that we did not share domestic and foreign intelligence in a way to make a product for policymakers for good reasons. The legal reasons for cultural reasons. A product that people could depend upon. The director of commissioner we have the FBI, the FBI, the FBI, the FBI, the FBI, the FBI, the FBI, the FBI. I will have to get back to you on that. I'm not certain. The mission of feeling. Yeah, that's enough for right now. It's a 10-pass 10-th-5-60 WDQ on the entire world is trans fixed on Conville, Liza. Who is the line to rotate? I mean, choose the given or testimony. Do we believe her? No, not. At any rate. But Richard Bendin is just a rip-to-nash pretty good there. That's why I put that on. I don't want to put the whole thing under 11-30. Do I? Wouldn't that be a cop out? Possibly. Huh? Yeah, sure. Well, you want to hear all that stuff. You're 11-30, especially the ones that are going to like just a licky licky licky. You don't want to hear that. But is they going to rip-to-nash that we'd certainly like to hear that. Well, that's like one side in the right. I want to hear it if that happens. You want to hear what? Well, you just did. Unfortunately, just before we came on ears when the audience erupted in applause and just going that's because he was holding your feet to the fire. But at any rate, she's not going to tell you anything of any substance because she's not going to lie through a teeth. That's why she's got that big gap between her two front teeth. Oh, it's big. I beg your pardon? Just watch yourself now. Don't get carried away just because you've faked your way through yesterday. No, this ain't the Joe Rose show, okay? Mr. What do you mean fake my way? This ain't the Joe Rose show where we say, oh, well, let's give them a scholarship. They've had boring a silica's the wind of the weather or whatever that was. He calls a home run the same way every time boring. He is just terminal, coma inducing and Josh can't say because he's got a hold his hand at every now and then every happening, Pokemon or ribsoaking wake him up. I don't understand this radio station, man. It's just, it's about time that they're so little we can say anymore now that they've taken away from us. And by the way, thanks to Jean and Will Man is free letter in the Sun sent a day we'll get to that. We get to all our stuff today, but we got Condalisa in here in a meantime. And the whole world, the CBC is carrying this, the BBC is carrying this, NBC, MSNBC. Airbnb never can a freaking world is carrying this in the meantime. In the meantime, there are going crazy in Iraq, but we don't want to hear about that. 7 South Korean nationals have been kidnapped and 3 Japanese taking hostage in Iraq, 3 Japanese people. And several lot of explosions heard in downtown Baghdad smoke seen rising from coalition headquarters, but we don't want to hear about any of those things because we got Condalisa here, right? That's what's important. Not how many more bodies we're going to have in Iraq. It is just a treat really sad. 10 13, it's almost as sad as the QM sales department. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to say. I went under the next week. I said this last time and I did it, and I'm going to have to do it again. Kick some real serious ass. That's the problem. And you guys, you can't complain about if they did as much of a job out selling as they do have a meetings. That's the whole dealer. They have, in fact, they have meetings to decide what they're going to have their next meeting. That's our sales department. Am I correct? You go love that. That's probably what they're doing right now. And this piece of copy for Pompano Park of all the sponsors I've got the longest standing sponsor that I've had on for almost 30. Not good. There's this Pompano Park since today. I sat my fat ass down in Miami, 1976, Pompano Park. And try straffer, I'm going to tell you what you had facts to me here. I wouldn't give this. I wouldn't give this to eight off Hitler. That's how rotest this is written out. It's written out like for a child wrote it. Like somebody with a mentality of a two year old child. Troy. And he didn't write it. Anyway, Pompano Park is doing something special for the kids. This Saturday April 10. They're holding their annual Easter egg. They're not for kids ages 10 and under. And there will be 2,000 prize field dates for the kids together. Upstarting at 7 PM sharp. This Saturday night at Pompano Park. Plus there'll be three minutes or horse rides. The Easter body will be tracked. Said to meet the kids and post for photographs. It's something really nice for the kids to enjoy. So bring out the kids and let them have some fun at the races too. Located just a half mile from both I and 95 in the Florida turn. Pompano Park is easy to get to. No matter where you are in Dave Broward Palm Beach. Investible. Pompano Park offers you free admission. Free general parking every snake in day. Live harness racing in the Polk room. Open every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday. Polkers starts at noon. Goes on to midnight. Live racing gets underway. Not be at 705 in the PM. Pompano Park also was open every day. Like today for signaled casting. Seven days and nights awake with the best in harness. Thurbrit and Highlight action from all across North America. Feet to watch and wage. You're on watch out for. Mike Safftick. Pompano Park a block south Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the Cart racing Schedule called 9.5.4. 9.7.2.2.2. Watch out for Ramaclain Jr. 9.5.4.9.7.2.2.2.2.2. Go online at pompanopark.com. Don't forget all kinds of special stuff for Easter. I'll go on this Saturday night. And live racing tomorrow night. And every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday at Pompano Park. Fly in local. We're sports radio 5.62. New AM. F Reds on the sky. Reds on the sky. A bunch of people in New York. Look at my palm last three. Turns out the press is all come from same-face-ish-on-connary. And I want to return to Scotland. Oh, I'm my granted. I'll wear the bike face. I'll wear clothes. I'll buy each to go from in some hages. I'll call them monster who lives away up in Loch Ness. So now I'll have to go to the Hailons. I'll get Reslan's rep to. I can't even wear my gold job suit. I'll look for an E. You know, I'll kill. Because now I'll go now. Return to Scotland. And that's where I'm from. So was Lisa Mariebeau. No Michael Jackson. Here I go. Return to Scotland. I'll do my pull. Oh, my little sheep. Here's what I'll do. I'll wear a cutie. With nothing underneath. Oh, where's the sheep? Back to the horse. The Scotland. Here, girl. 102560 WQM. So I'm going to get kind of Lisa's butt. If the audience wanted to hear the whole thing, 1130, I'd put it on there. But I don't think they want to hear it. I mean, they can hear it just about any place else. And it's on air-rease. I think it's even on the food channel. Don't you? Thanks, though. In fact, I got kind of Lisa Eden. I don't want to say what she's eating because then they'll get all whipped up into a frenzy again. You know, we'll start getting all these threats. So I'm not going to say what kind of Lisa might be eating. I would be bad. Let's see if the audience wants to hear the whole thing. WQM, hello. Where's Kenny Hallmark? Okay. Well, let's find out from the audience. 5605. It's the breather right off the bat today. It hit me breather. 560560. It's the Pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. They're coming on good, maybe. There are getting, look at that. There's nobody in town. You tell me all that we had 17,622. But a Marlon game last night, which is pretty good, I think. I was very surprised. Wasn't that pretty good? Considerment of Wednesday night. It's a middle of Easter and the exposures who are a horrible draw. And middle of Easter and pace off, we can all this stuff go on. Spring a break week. A lot of kids are out of school and the families went away. And plus, all the snowboards are gone. Bye-bye. They're gone. QAM kind of diesel line. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. You want hear condolences or not? Yes. Please. Okay. And when we've heard testimony, see you in talking right now. And Iraqi group has kidnapped three Japanese hostages, including one woman promised to burn them alive. If your pain doesn't withdraw its forces from Iraq. Do you have what I just said? Yep. Promise to burn them alive. Elsa's or TV screen to video today showing three Japanese residents of it including their Believe to be two journalists and an aid worker. The TV said in the statement by the Hitherto Unknown Iraqi group called Sarayah Al-Mujahaddin had given Japan three days from the airing of the video to withdraw its troops from Iraq before it killed the hostages. The statements said three of your sons are falling into our hands. We offer you two choices. Either pull out your forces or we'll burn them alive. We'll give you three days starting the day this tape is broadcast. The hostages were shown wearing civilian clothing. Passport shown on the video gave the woman's name while it's got some Japanese names. At least one of them had a press ID card reports also claimed that seven soft Koreans have been taken hostage in Iraq. QAM kind of leesaline. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Is the question whether you should play the kind of leesasong? No, the question. I just put on the radio. I'm sorry. No, the question is do you want to hear your testimony or not? Oh no. I want to hear the song. Okay. We're talking. We're talking. So you just heard that. He didn't hear the fact I was playing that all. Of course the expert he had one actually underneath her testimony when she was getting grilled. I mean really roasted and toasted by Richard Bembini's name. That's gone Richard. You go, boy. The people were forced to do what they would otherwise have done. It's set up. You've heard the same things I've heard. And I said, we got a blood bath in Iraq is what we got in the meantime. She's trying to make nice. You know. Malisham and Laurel of an anti-USG. I took a control large swaths of three Iraqi cities that enter clashes with coalition forces. While US Marines fought in surgeons for the second day around a mosque in the Sunni Muslim stronghold of Falugia. Fighting this week is left 36 Americans dead at least 459 Iraqis. It's a blood bath. This includes more than 280 Iraqis. Kiltens the Marines, siege against the insurgents of Falugia, began early Monday. And on and on a goes and just not good news, man. Nasty. And now we're saying, oh well, we'll bomb the mosques. If that's what we have to do just like the 40 civilians we killed the other day. We'll be bombin' the mosques, which of course ought to go over really very well. Would be a fanatic ol' and not jobs over there. She's got to keep your eye on a bouncing ball folks. That's the problem here. Keep your eye on a bouncing ball because all of this smoke screen that's going on. All of this Vs. This is not what it was all about. Wasn't about those weapons that the president made a joke about. All of those weapons over here. No, they're not over here. Let's look at us if the Easter Bunny's got her. No, he don't have no weapons. Some joke. It's a blood bath. The impeachment hearings ought to be going on right now. Before we continue though. WQM come to kind of lease a line. Hello. Yes sir. Talk to me about the speaker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to hear that. Were in contact with him? Oh, you don't want to hear it. Okay. Yeah. No. She's saying nothing. She's avoiding saying anything. Of course. Why anybody would expect her that she's going to like leak anything out. All they're going to do is maybe a couple of real-her-wheel good like them. But he's didn't embarrass her and make her a squirm and get more nervous than she was in the beginning. When she gave her canned, pre-written dress. She's refusing to answer the questions. They ask the question and she's in the answer. Well, let me say this and then she goes into this line. I'm not allowed to get in so pissed off. Right. You kept interrupting because you want to make a speech. Yeah. She won't directly answer any questions. I just want to hear this one. Yeah. Totally avoiding answering the question. So that's all I'm going to show her. Enjoy life and forget about that bitch. What do you say? Yeah. Let's do it. Okay. Thanks. All right. Got some bad news though. Before we enjoy life. Here's a guy that you can enjoy it anymore. This is a Jack Smith. Remember him? No. No. That's not about 100 years ago. It was a Jack Smith. But that's not the one. This is the Emmy Award winning correspondent twice since your career at ABC News died. Yesterday 58 with the pancreatic cancer in Greenbrake, California. Smith won two Emmys of Peabody and numerous other awards during it. Remember Mr. Peabody on what was that show? Rock and bowling cool. Oh yeah. You don't remember Mr. Peabody? Yeah. No, not Peabody. That's why they say it in New England. You have to say, Peabody is in Peabody Massachusetts. You guys just don't get around. Anyway, you've been in Boston. Haven't you? Yeah. I feel like a fourth grade trip. Oh, yeah. Anyway, he won lots of other awards during his TV career. Help develop ABC News Technology Beat and it's cutting edge segment. He was a regular one night line. This week with David Brinkley. He was David used to call him our man, Jack Smith. As what he said, and of course they're both there. But anyway, David Brinkley did die, right? Rady, make that up. No, he died. So Jack Smith, maybe he used his dead. That's the bad news. We always have dead people at the start of the show. We get all dead soldiers, all of the bad news out of the way to beginning. So we can pet everybody on the head and say, see, we're going to make nice. Now everything's going to be fine. Yes. Yes, he's a making comment. Bitch. Uh, yes, here's some good news though. Terry Copley. I'm very proud. I don't know why Eric's apologizing for the lackluster. We had Marilyn Monroe yesterday. It wasn't the greatest picture in the world, but we had her behind the Beaded Curtain. If we already age a 75, if you're too feeble to even look down to any more of its hopeless, then you're allowed to look behind the Beaded Curtain. So just keep your eyes on John Ascroft's BDIs and make sure he's not following where your hands are moving as you're checking out Terry Copley. Okay. She was born May 10, 1961, which makes her 40 almost 43, right? Yes. And she had boys. She was in a lot of movies Terry Copley are you familiar with her? I do not know her. Well, you oughta get from a deal with her. Look on the Beaded Curtain. Right in the computer. Send her right under your fat ass. I'm excited. Very fine picture. By the way, Eric, excellent picture. She was in frozen assets. I don't think I can say it. Riot the movie, Brain donors, Gambler Returns, Luck of the Draw. That was made for TV movie, Translving You Twist. Masters of Men, a sounds like a bunch of really great movies down the drain in the line of duty, DFBI murders made for TV, glitter made for TV and a lot of other made for TV movies. We don't really care about any of that. Just take a look at her. Okay. I think she'll pass the mustard. Oh, sure. Okay. And I think we'll look at it with relish. 28 past 10 at 560 QAM. My life and law. I just forced radio by 60. I really come back to you. Let me ask one of the things. Have you actually looked at the analysts, the messages at the FBI put out? Yes. To me, and you're free to comment on them. They are reckless. They don't tell anybody anything. They don't bring anyone to battle stations. I personally believe having heard Colleen Rally's testimony about her frustrations and misallience. If someone had really gone out to the agents who were working these issues on the ground and said, we are at battle stations. We need to know what's happening out there come to us. She would have broken through barriers to have that happen because she was knocking on your doors and they weren't open. So I just, I, I, I, I asked you this question as a student of government on myself because I, I, um, I don't believe it's virtually equivalent to have people three, four, five levels down in an agency working in issue even if they're the specialists. Um, and, and you get a greater degree of intensity when it comes from the top. I, I just, I would like to give you the opportunity to comment on this because it bothers me. Of course, first of all, it was coming from the top because the president was meeting with his director of central intelligence. And, uh, one of the changes that this president made was to meet face to face with his central intelligence almost every day. I can assure you knowing government that that was well understood at the central intelligence agency that now they're director and the DCI had direct access to the president. Yes, the president met with the direct, yeah, the island of Gilwind and how many times but of course he did. We're looking at attorney general and with others. But in a threat period and I don't think it's a proper characterization of the CSG to say that it was four or five levels down. Many of them were. These were people who had been together in numerous crises before and it was their responsibility to develop plans for how to respond with threat. Now, I would be speculating but if you like, I'll go ahead and speculate to say that one of the problems here was that really was nothing that looked like it was going to happen inside the United States. The threat reporting was the specific threat reporting was about external threats about the Persian Gulf about Israel about perhaps the Genoa events. It is just not the case that the August 6th memorandum did anything but put together what the CIA decided that they wanted to put together about historical knowledge about what was going on and a few things about what the FBI might be doing. So the light was shining abroad. If you look at what the screen, we were I was in constant contact to make sure that those things were getting done with the relevant agencies. Let's say with defense and so forth. Now, I just have a different view of this. Yes, I understand that. But I think it's one thing to talk to George Tenet. But he can't tell domestic agencies what to do. Let me finish. And it is clear that you were worried about the domestic problem because after all, your testimony is U.S. to some end of domestic agencies. Now, you say that, and I think quite rightly, that the big problem was systemic that the FBI could not function as it should and it didn't have the right methods of communicating with the CIA vice versa. At the outset of the administration, a commission that was chartered by Bill Clinton and Newt Gingrich to very different people covering pretty much the political spectrum put together a terrific panel to study the issue of terrorism and reports to the new administration as it began. And you took that briefing, I know. That commission said we are going to get hit in the domestic United States and we are going to get hit big. That's number one. And number two, we have big systemic problems. The FBI doesn't work the way it should and it doesn't communicate with the intelligence communities. Now, you have said to us that your policy review was meant to be comprehensive. You took your time because you wanted to get at the hard issues and have a hard hitting comprehensive policy. And yet there is nothing in it about the vast domestic landscape that we were all warned needed so much attention. Can you give me the answer to the question, why? I would ask the following. We were there for 233 days. There had been recognition for a number of years before after the 93 bombing and certainly after the millennium that there were challenges that I could say that way inside the United States and that there were challenge. Why can't hit any more here? I just want to hear the questions when they are grilling her and asking. Because she is not going to give any on a stance. No, of course not. Here are some facts coming in. I stand a word that bitch now that doctor rise to you not bitch rise. That's not nice to call her bitch rise. Was saying it a while, but it's statement. I mean one word. No, really. She sounded like an eighth grade student who is setting an essay. She copied out the World Bank in Cyclobini all the most eighth grade students are so nervous. I don't think she knew what was she was saying, but did she sure did remember Richard Clark specifically in all her mumblings. Yeah, she remembered Dick Clark. And, she was one of the first guests on American Vance. She was dancing and singing a different tune back in those days. Did any rate? Let's see. Yes, play your testimony for us. Time-steaning weasel. Dendemar, we can have a question and an answer show. That's going to start a ring deal. Oh, you're the best. Which Tom Rich came to have. Okay, we don't want to hear about Tom Rich. He's a wooden easing other statue. He's got about as much personality as Dave and boring. And anyway. Let's see. Here's somebody. Neil Rogers, lawyer listener. It says we are said not that this is a letter that this lady wrote to our Aromerca radio. Which I was invited to be a guest on Al Franken yesterday. I said, no. It lost. Talk about Rush Limbaugh. What a bunch of crap. Boy, seriously. They've been on the year what? I believe. I think yesterday was the end of the first week that they've been on. And they're getting a lot of people listening on the internet. I did read that. They won't be tuned back in. And I will also point out that the goddess Randy, she's getting a review of you. She's the only one that ever had anything positive about. They really think that she kicks ass. High school and you go a lot of girl. But in any rate. I mean, if they're that desperate, they got to have me as a guest and Al Franken. After the first week, they really, oh, man. They got all the big shots on the first week. She should be dead the way around. I should be hosting that show. He should be the guest for about five minutes. So we all go into a coma. I like that idea. And then right Sheila and Miami wrote to Aromerca radio where it's sad not to be among the cities where your station's being aired. We're under the impression that you're in need of additional liberal talk show host. Please do not overlook Neil Rogers, who was an icon of the South Florida market. It has been knocking ratings through the roof over the last 25 years. Neil is not only liberal, but also very sharp, very bright, witty, extremely well read. Absolutely. And extremely well spoken. Right? Wow. It would be a shame if he were to fall between the cracks. I didn't know I had a crack problem. I know that Oprah's got a big crack. Cracked home problem. But anyway, we're hoping that you're reached to Miami market in the very near future. We wish you Godspeed in the best of luck. And also she wants to know, where can I buy a copy? A copy of the condolences songs. I think these people are all talking about the original. So what do you say? Let's play the original condolences. What do you say, guys? I say, yeah. You say, yeah. Wow. When did you just win the lottery or something that you don't need a job? Yeah, I'm going to go as far as saying no one knows. See, this is a little bit before your time, Josh. I know you got a list of 14 words there or something. The original condolences don't you play to we all get as Mo would say. Fire did it. See? Now, I think the original condolences find. In fact, I know that even our management upper level of middle management, it's fine and most amusing as well. But the answer to your question is, no, we will not be playing that. So I don't know where you can get a copy of it. But the thanks anyway, Sheila. Nice letter. They're coming to my support now, baby. When I needed the most, they're coming to our aid, including that lady in the World of Manor, who's surrounded by a bunch of queens. And anyway, let's see. Here's the result of yesterday's poll. There's so much. Oh, the elimination of this is Jamie Gorrellic, by the way. This is I look at it. And as I thank you for declassifying this this morning, although I would have liked to have known it a little earlier, but I think people will find this interesting reading. It doesn't call for the elimination of alchight. And it may be a semantic difference, but I don't think so. It calls for the elimination of the alchight of the rest. And that's a very big difference because to me, the elimination of alchight means you're going to go into Afghanistan and you're going to get them. And as I read it, and as I've heard your public statements recently, there was a lot I take it, a decision taken in this document to put US troops on the ground in Afghanistan to get alchight. Is that correct? That is correct. Now, you have pointed out that in this document, there is a tasking to the defense department for contingency planning as part of this exercise. As contingency planning, and you've listed the goals of the contingency plans. And you have suggested that this takes the policy with the guard of terrorism for our country to a new level and more aggressive level. Were you briefed on Operation Infinite Resolve that was put in place in 98 and updated in the year 2000 because as I read Infinite Resolve and as our staff reads Infinite Resolve, it was a plan that had been tasked. By the way, we have a new one that we started this week. It's called Operation Hopeless Case. Department to develop precisely analogous plans and it was extent at the time. And so I asked you, then there are many, many places where you indicate there are differences. He's getting that real bitchy look on her face again. This one jumps out at me. Was there a material difference between your view of the military assignment and the Clinton administration's ex-stand plan? And if so, what was it? Yes, I think that there were significant differences. First of all, we're going to have to use even on the home improvement channel. Can you believe that? I think what we'll do is we'll play the questions, but we don't want to hear the answers doing. No. I see what I'm saying. I like them when they drill or should they have to. I beg you, pardon, did you? What did you just said, Josh? And we'll try to dump it. It's been nice. No one is exact, but I mean yesterday was fine. You did a fabulous job. I really know what you did, but you were just fine. But today you're starting to get a little bit, let me say it again. This isn't a sports nerd show. I know you've been conditioned to work on a sports nerd show is a lot of party mouth guys, but talking about drilling condolences sounds a little bit. Like it might be crawling close to that line that the government's very concerned about you see what I was saying. I would I would be watching my choice of language much more carefully if you're going to be on a really high rated show like this one. I would be watching a little bit more. This isn't the Joe Rose show. But we just have a bunch of people talking about ball games. I mean, I like Joe a lot. He's a great guy. Got a big fan head, a super guy and even though he's kind of terminal, but then he right. See, he ought to be ripping the day fan burying an ass. That just pissed me off. But I heard this morning, you know. Call it. Joe Joe is I beg your pardon. I call it called that was just he was a by apologizing for Dave. Oh, and then I also this morning speaking a crap I heard on this radio station this morning. I have no idea why I heard so much. Well, the reason I'm hearing is because George is on vacation this week. So the feed continues when George is there. He cuts that thing off as soon as he gets in there. I'm very grateful for that. So that I can hear what's on a year. Because I get really agitated especially when somebody. He's on with his side care. That one. But there was more ripping Johnny most this morning and more had a collar that he cut off very quickly in the collar made a very good point. More Howard David only wishes he would have been Johnny most. You know what I'm saying now you don't know Johnny most right? Well, I know he's on the broadcast TV broadcast. A big your part is the on the self-exTV broadcast. Johnny most is dead. That's what I meant. He was on the broadcast. Oh, man. And in fact, I would say you probably know as much about Johnny most is you do about how he rose. How about those bronze by the way? See the hockey scores. Let's see if I can do them by memory. Bronze beat them on to your last night, right? Yes. Was the three one or three nothing? Three nothing. And Vancouver beat Cal Rified into which is nice Cal Rese sucks. Who else? Let's see Detroit now. Nashville gave it a nice shot that Thomas. Can we say the name of the goalie for Nashville Thomas Volkoun? Can we say that anymore? We'll have to check. Check with him up to see if we can say Thomas Volkoun. He played great in the national out of one. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. He played a great game. All these stations now are switched around. There are no more stations. I've got a great piece here speaking of this. I'm all over the place that I'm trying to do anything except play too much candy. Bigger beer on that. Oh, they're slayed Gordon. Look out for him. He's a real weasel. And if you'll see him on most head tomorrow morning. But at any rate, you know, most are give Mo credit. He's an excellent play by play guy. But he's no Johnny most. The guy that called him was absolutely correct. He only wishes he could be Johnny most or Bob Prince or somebody who was identified. See, the thing was Mo. And I don't know about like the jet spans. I can't speak for that because I've never lived in New York like in recent years, especially. But I don't know if the jet spans would consider like Mo Howard David, like in the same line that they considered Mel Allen the voice of the Yankees or. And then I'm here at Kelty. Then bring it up John Sterling this morning. John Sterling's done in a category like a real broadcaster. He's in the category of this crap that we've had like the last 20 years now of all these make believe guys. Okay. These idiots. Thank you. Sounds like he's on some kind of an acid trip. You know, he's horrible. He got dooded out of Atlanta, unceremoniously. And then, you know, Steinbreder picked all these guys up. Pilgrisuto is 110 years old doing holy cow, holy cow, you know, bad hairy carry imitation. Holy cow. Put on a coffee. Coram coming home. He was awful for Brazil. So it's really sad that in New York you've had so many very, very lame sportscasters over to many of these to be a lot of great ones back in the day. See what I'm saying. Yep. Are you following any of this? I'm trying. I'm trying this documentary that I found on a history Canada channel I snied about C.K.L.W. and Detroit. It's unbelievable stuff. It was hell. I remember the first time seeing the news director, Dick Smight, actually do a newscast. Well, point. The microphone goes on the air and all of a sudden. It's 20 minutes before. So this is Dick Smight C.K.L.W. 20. 20 news. He couldn't set still. You know, when he always had his hand behind his ear, reading the news, he was in the hospital. So I was sitting all over the glass of separated dust. His red temple had a blood vessel in it. And when he'd read the news, that blood vessel would pulse because he had such tension and a new cast. Because if I say, go, and you move your hand like that, you just added that much to the emphasis. And I used to really throw myself in a new cast, moving all over the other darn place. You know, yes, Detroit. And here's the weather. And bang bang bang. She, K.L.W. Whether just had a much more music than pat holiday. But they caught him cold tonight. Low 32, cool Friday, high 5th day. The brick index 36. The current temperature after the big eight, 24 degrees. This is Dick Smight. 20. 20 news. Oh, man. That's back in the day, man. What radio was really something. Radio's dead now. It's so sad. And you punch you and even remember back in the day. Well, maybe you do. I don't know. We got to do a break. We got very short breaks today. We have no commercials because we're running commercial free. So we need a lot of condy on anybody believe that. 1049 at Q.A.M. And low. This is 4th radio by 60. And we have. Guy. In blow. All right, Clayton. Tension. It's time to recite the new pleasure of allegiance. Everyone stands up, please. Now, place your right and our left hand. Over the organ of your choice. Let's begin. I may or may not let allegiance, depending on if my parents let me, to the flag of the Last and United States of America. And to the Republic for which that pagan symbol, which I reserve the right to burn stands. One overly in the legislation under the arbitrary sway of a random universe. Control solely by a mutable natural laws of the divided with every increasing liberty and justice for those with the law degree. And too much free time. All right. Good. Excellent. 1052 at 560. Let's see. Bob says Howard was on 1510. The zone. Well, I used to be WMEX. Oh, I know. Huh? I wrote that on the bottom. Oh. I used to be WMEX with Arne Ginsburg and Melvin X Melvin and Mel Miller. And I think Bill Carter worked on a station once upon a time. Also, Alan Ludden was on WMEX a hundred years ago. Remember, Alan Ludden? Nope. From password and the GE college quiz bowl. I always even watch the game show channel. For you are really a narrow in scope. I need you to get out of the house more often. I try. And anywhere, let's see. But about how about Congolese or Rice Crispies? It says here snap crackle and. I like that. Here's a fact that came in yesterday right at the ass end of the show from Charles and Dearfield Beach. What's going on, Condy? Make sure the critical infrastructure is protected. Okay. Charlie said, is it just me or does the Bush administration's refusal to provide the full text of the condolese or Rice Feets that she was supposed to give her 911? Fly directly in the face of common sense. I mean, it was a speech to be given publicly to students at Johns Hopkins University. Not a top secret report for a few administration officials on a strictly need to know basis. Sweet Jesus in the morning says Charlie. They must be putting something in the water supply because how else can you explain why the media continues to be asleep at the wheel or I guess in this case at the mic. Also, I feel compelled to tell you that I used to change the channel every time George Bush came on the TV. But now things have got to the point where I'm forced to take slices of lunch meats, mirrored with mayonnaise and throw them at the screen. Some. Someone please help me. Poor Charlie. How how goiish to you obviously Charlie and your field be changed yours because it wouldn't be shmirin lunch meat with mayonnaise only goiom do that. Probably isn't it a fend you when people say to you that you want mayonnaise on it or like a ham and cheese sandwich want mayonnaise? I don't like that. Oh, fat. At any rate. Which of these was the poig yesterday? We're a little bit behind because we're carrying this very rotating series of lies. I mean, it's extremely important. Right. No. With condolese. And she said it's extremely important. Do we believe her? No. Anyway, which of these people makes you want a puke when you see the Montenegro. I'm sure that this probably would have changed if we were to take the poig as this is going on now. Condolese probably would have moved up the ladder, but nevertheless. George W. Bush, 783, went about twenty-toddred votes on here, not too shabby if I say so myself. Rosie O'Donnell 310. So even though she did extraordinarily well, I voted for Rosie. Oh, I'm going to be very physically ill when I see her. W. Just more than doubled her total. Rick Sanchez, Ricky Tickey Sanchez, boys still not forgotten, man. Not around too much, but still hated and despised even more than Greg Budele. Rick Sanchez 119. By the way, if Greg Budele's listening, they hate you like poisen, Greg. Not personal, but they just, the public just doesn't like you for whatever the reason. You know, Greg Budele? Nope. I knew you didn't. That's why I asked. He's probably upset about that too. He's got a very, very insecure and with good reason. Rush Limbaugh 75. Top a couple more. Rush Limbaugh's got 75. I'm sure he'll be participating in a great length about Dr. Rysus Testimony today. And about how they try to make her look bad. And about how he wishes Willow would get him that supply before he gets into the week. Because it's almost the weekend. The other people are going to be rolling Easter eggs. Rysus is going to be rolling out some oxies this weekend. I'm sure. Dr. Phil is speaking of nauseating 71. And Colter's stacking nasty scrawny right wing bitch 66. Condolese has only got 56 as in queue 56. Totally. Totally. He even he liked it. Slate Gordon got a big talk about it. Wow, that was most amusing if you ask me. Oprah 51. Jessie Jackson 45. Gloria all read 41. I could go down to Holystoodle. It'll kill some time. Bob Novak and Dom Rumsfeld 37 to be the same person. Jeff Boast 35 Sean Hannity 35. Fascist Bill Orale 32. Baker John Ascroft has got a dirty man. 31 others. There's a Nazi. Okay. If you want to pick out one American and say that's an Nazi. That's a one John Ascroft. Remember the stories we're the estate about how he wants to ban everything? Yep. Not only doesn't he want you to be able to see women's breast anymore. He's going to force all women to have their breast sliced on. Oh. Force mastectomy is coming this if the bush crowd gets in again. When in doubt chop him out, they doesn't have to cover him up anymore. Spokees to rate 29. Periscillten 28. Wuppy Goldberg 21. Fair. Dennis Miller 20. A 20. Ellen D. Gen. 19. Star Jones 18. Dick Cheney. Dr. James Kennedy 17 of peace joined it to hit the same person. Donald Trump and Christopher Reeve 12. Larry King, don't you think it would have been better if Christopher Reeve could still walk and Donald Trump was in a wheelchair when that had been better? Sure. That would be justice. Yeah. We'd like Christopher Reeve. He never stole a freight train. I love Superman. But Donald Trump he's already had all his action. He's made up millions and billions and enough with him on its stupid show. Larry King's got 11. Nancy Grace 8, Bill Mar 8, Keanu Reeves and Rick Santorum for peace. Same person. Right in orquest 3. And Miss Kamal too. Bill Kamal's right on Brian's ass with two votes. You, you know, Kennedy Schriver. I don't have any idea when I've ever seen her on television. She's got one. Ben Stein finally got one. You want Ben Stein's money? Yep. Can't have it. And Trant lot in civil shepherd have the big old none. 10. What's that schedule look like today? And now there's nobody in town. But nonetheless, being the the troopers that we are here on this radio station. We're all showing up today. We got a full slate. Full slate Gordon. Moe was on this morning with guilty doing his routine. We had the Joe Rose on there taking terrible shots at Dave and boring, which I thought was way over the top. We're on till two of the mad dog at the master's now gusty where they have all those nice white males. Four clock hits the hump or at the seminals at the seminal. Now when he says that the seminals is that in Hollywood. I believe it's. Yeah, the point to there where you have to be over the age of 100. He's going to have to put on a beard and a 40 foot. Tony disguise to get in there and hold enough. He'll be at the seminals for the 60. Marlins on deck. 60. The Marlins on the expo's rep up their series at the ballpark at P.B. Park. 705 that I any K after the game. 505 that's the logo of the 605 city. 30 of the awards. Oh, you ain't. Mr. Kerry of a speech that you gave at that time that said that perhaps the best. Bob, curious. Bob, curious. Why is it so different? The memories. What's to do something about the threat of Saddam Hussein? That's a strategic view. And we took a strategic view. We didn't take a tactical view. I mean, it was really quite frankly. I was blown away when I read the speech because this is a brilliant speech. It talks about really an asymmetric. You're seeing me read it the last few days. I read quite a bit before that. It's an asymmetric approach. Now, you can decide that every time Al Qaeda does. You're saying that you didn't have a, No, which I'm response against the cold because I'm saying I'm saying. I know. That had I not given that speech you would have attacked him. Oh, I'm just saying that I think it was a brilliant way to think about it. It was a way of thinking about it strategically, not tactically. But if I may answer the question that you've asked me, the issue of whether to respond a how to respond to the cold. I think Don Rumsfeld has also talked about this. Yes, the cold had happened. We received, I think, on January 25th, the same assessment, roughly the same assessment of who was responsible for the cold. The Sandy Burger talked to you about it. It was preliminary. It was not clear. The reason that we felt that we did not want to respond to the cold. We knew that the options that had been employed by the President Administration had been standoff options. The President had meaning missile strikes for perhaps farmers would have been possible long range farmers. Although getting in place the apparatus to use long range farmers has even a matter of whether you have basing in the region. We knew that Osama bin Laden had been in something that was provided to me bragging that he was going to withstand any response and then he was going to emerge and come out from stronger. We've been very long answer. We simply believed that the best approach was to put in place a plan that was going to eliminate this threat, not respond to it. I think you got to come in there if you said, look, we screwed up. We made a lot of mistakes. The obvious thing is that we don't want to use the M-word in here. And I would say, fine, it's game set and match. I understand that. It's a strategic impact. I just think that's not a solid question. I'm not really a business day. That it was what have been a good thing to respond to the cold, given the kinds of options that we're going to have. And we've all due respect to Dick Clark. If you're speaking about the Dalynda plan, my understanding is was a never adopted. And that Dick Clark himself has said that the military portion of this was not taken up by the Clinton administration. Let me move into another area. So we were not presented. I just want to be very clear on this because it's going to source the controversy. We were not presented. We were not presented. I heard you say that Dr. Clark, if that 25, you can't go away. 2001 memo was declassified by a very large January 25 memo. That January 25 memo. I don't have the series of actionable items having to look for them. They keep going on there. I'm not going to have a chance for you to question them. Because this is an important thing. I know it's important. Everything that's going on there is important. So I guess that's a point of disagreement. I'd like to have a chance to address it. Actually, this is going to be a many points of disagreement. Dr. Clark, we'll have a chance to do it. I think you can do it. I think you can do it. Please don't feel a button. It is not fair. It is not fair. I have been polite. I have been courteous. It is not fair of debate. I understand that we have a disagreement. Commissioner, I'm here to answer questions. And you've asked me a question. No, no, no. I have an opportunity to answer it. The fact is that what we were presented on January 25, was a set of ideas and a paper, most of which was about what the Clinton administration had done. And something called the Dalynda Plan, which you've been considered in 1998, and never adopted it. We decided to take a different track. We decided to put together a strategic approach to this that would get the regional powers. The problem wasn't that you didn't have a good counterterrorism person. The problem was you didn't have a approach against Al Qaeda, because you didn't have an approach against Afghanistan, and you didn't have an approach against Afghanistan, because you didn't have an approach against Pakistan. And until we could get that right. You're for answering my questions. Thank you for answering my question. Let me ask you another question. Here's the problem that I have. Again, it's hindsight. I appreciate that. But here's the problem that a lot of people are having with this July 5th meeting. You and Andy Cardamomit with their Clark in the morning. You haven't been meeting. He made it meets in the afternoon of July 5th. It's Christian Brightwiseer, who's a part of the family's group. Testified of the joint committee. He brings very painful testimony, I must say. But here's what Agent Kenneth Williams said. Five days later. He said that the FBI should investigate whether all piety operatives were training at US Life School. He positive that a son of a Ben Lunds father's might be trying to infiltrate Civil aviation systems pilots. A security guard is another person. I recommend a national program to track suspicious Spice School. But one of the first things that I learned when I came into this town was the FBI and the CIA don't talk. I mean, I don't need a catastrophic event to know the CIA FBI don't do a very good job of communicating. The palm we've got with this both and the Misawi facts, which were revealed on the 15th of August. All it had to do was be put on intel. All it had to do is go out on intel, like in the games over. It ends. This conspiracy would have been rolled up. And so I'm making... I'm going to show it all in your respect. I don't agree that we know that we had somehow a silver bullet here that was going to work. What we do know is that we did have a systemic problem. A structural problem between the FBI and the CIA. A long time in coming to being... It was there because there were legal impediments as well as bureaucratic impediments. Those needed to be overcome. Obviously, the structure of the FBI that it not yet Information from the field offices up to FBI central in a way that FBI central could react to the whole range of information before. What's the problem? But the structural... But the FBI... The restructuring of the arms. You're that kind of device. You've got to wear an ice-cold bottle. I've got to be done in the 233 days. Which is the great honor. All right. Everybody who just national security in this town knows the FBI and the CIA don't talk. So if you have a meeting on the fifth of July where you're trying to make certain that your domestic agencies are preparing a defense against a possible attack, you knew all kind of sales were in the United States. You've got to follow up. And the question is... What was your follow-up? What's the paper trail that shows that you and Andy Card followed up from this meeting? I followed up with the... I followed up with the Clark who had in his group and with him. The Chief Counterterrorism Person for the FBI. You have to remember that Louis Fri was by this time gone. And so the Chief Counterterrorism Person was the second... Louis Fri had left in light June. And so the Chief Counterterrorism Person for the FBI was working these issues. What's working with the Clark? I talked to the Clark about this all the time. But let's be very clear. The threat information that we were dealing with. And you have something that says something very big may happen. You have no time, you have no place, you have no... How the ability to somehow respond to that threat is just not there. Now Clark, you can talk to Dr. Clark in the spirit of further deep ...their vision. I don't think I look like big Clark. But... Dr. Rice, excuse me. And the spirit of this... Actually won't be a question. I just want to be a spirit of further deep classification. This is what the August 6th Memo said to the President that the FBI indicates patterns of suspicious activity in the United States' consistent preparations for hijacking. That's what the language of the Memo that was briefed the President on the 6th of August. And that was checked out. And steps were taken through FAA Circular to warn of hijacking. But when you cannot tell people where a hijacking might occur under what circumstances I can't tell you that I think the best antidote to what happened in that regard would have been many years before to think about what you could do or answer the important problems. That's what it's called. Now we're going to... 10 past 11 at 5.60. I was pretty interesting, Dr. Clark. I mean, Dr. Rice and the Bob Carrey. I mean, John Carrey and Bob Carrey. And that embarrassing? I can't believe he was calling her that. And I can't believe nobody corrected her. He got it. He's the one. He stuck a doctor rice in the middle of it once. And then until she finally embarrassed and humiliated him there. Well, at any rate, that's Bob Carrey. He's getting a little... He's getting a little... He's getting a little... He's kind of like Moe, you know what I mean? That's a little... Yeah, a little longer than a tooth. You ain't know a Johnny Mostmo. I'm excited about that. And of course, he can sit there and talk to punks like you and Gueldie and people who are... Yeah, I'm not old enough to remember Johnny Mostmo. The great broadcasters of that era. So, you know, what do they know? And there's Gueldie... Well, I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I'm right in a couple of times. I'm telling the shit. Yeah, like that, you know. That was he know. Punk. You're just a punk, Gueldie. Okay, let's face it. You wouldn't know a great broadcaster if they beat you on the ass. It's always fun when, and of course you have no way of knowing this because you the last thing you would ever do and with all the you're working three shows now. Two shows, excuse me, you're certainly not working at morning show. Absolutely. You're only one. So, then you write work in two shows this week, part of the week. You don't have time to be checking our bedtime stories on theorodges.com. So, the fact that this story, two reporters told to erase Scalia tapes... it's on there. Okay. But whoever said it, and I appreciate it, just to make sure in case we missed it, two reporters were ordered yesterday to erase their tape recordings of a speech. By US Supreme Court Justice, Anthony Scalia, the Mississippi High School. Scalia has long bar TV cameras from his speeches, but doesn't always forbid newspaper photographers and tape recorders. Yesterday, he didn't warn the audience at high school that recording devices would be forbidden to bear a boat. During the speech, woman identifying herself as a deputy federal martial demanded that a reporter for the associated press erase a tape recording of the justice's comments. She said the justice has an act that his appearance not be recorded. It's a bear a boat. The reporter initially resisted, but later showed that Epidah had to erase the digital recording after the officer took the device from her hands. Just like a scene out of the godfather. Remember that? You said he took the camera out of the photographer's hands? Yeah. And smacked it to the ground? They're able to just do that just to grab it out of the same way. After the officer grabbed the device from her hands, the exchange occurred in the front wall of the auditorium where Scalia delivered a speech about the constitution of all things. The deputy who identified herself as Melanie Rube, also made a reporter for the Hannesburg American erase her tape. This incredible or what? I can't believe it. Yeah. That's a total violation of number one. First amendment. Supreme Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said it's up to Scalia to staff to set guidelines for coverage of his events. It's standard that the speeches are not televised. She said last year Scalia was criticized for refusing to allow TV and radio coverage and event in Ohio in which he received an award for supporting free speech. All right. What a fascist bastard he is, man. Asian and Scalia. He's a woman. He's a woman. Dick Cheney and John Ascroffman. Hitler would be shroud of that. I guarantee you that right now. They may kid look like a piker. Mussolini would be. You know, that's fun. Did you ever see the, the on a history channel around those channels? The old films of Mussolini. Yeah. He always had that. That goofy look out his face. He would put his hands in a court as an all like a crazy person. Kind of like that. I like that. I like that. The look that Greg has, what he's walking up and down the hall when he goes. Yeah. Like a crazy person. Well, that's, uh, at any rate. 1113 at 5. 60 QA man. I'm momentous day in his river. I mean, time is total chaos in Iraq. But isn't it great that Condy and all this crap is covering it up? We're supposed to be in 5. You, a. Martha Stewart and Tony's a friend of former America's newest criminal partnership, The Stu Pranos. I like you, Mark. You're okay. There's something sexy about Rotos. Got the feds after her. Why, thank you, Tony. Now, go whack a few hostile witnesses while I cook up an alibi and my flaky peach cobbler. What would that just say before about said witnesses? There. A good thing. Ha ha ha ha ha. When an organized crime ring meets a sterling silver nap can ring, it can only be the Stu Pranos. Fuck, and I judge it. You'll just woke up that door. What's that? Wonderful. I hope you wrapped it in my homemade carry cloth for Fed cozy. The Stu Pranos. It's the show everyone is talking about. Hey, I don't like what people pull. That's what I think about a ride, a bache. And remember, a sprig of mint in the trunk makes that last ride more pleasant and refreshing. Be sure to catch the Stu Pranos before they go into the home with Miss Read decoration program. Love an 18 kind of a bizarre show here today. I would say when you agree. More the condolition. I like it. I beg your pardon. Yeah, a combination of all kinds. And I love her. They answer the kind of reason even the most of the questions they show. We says the same thing. And then they'll do it that. Yeah. Dr. King. I mean, Dr. Clark. I mean, Dr. Rice. I love that part. That was my favorite one. I'm not a very scary former Nebraska senator Bob Kerry. Call her Dr. Clark. He called her Dr. Clark. Amen. And then when he said that I'm the Kerry that I'd be running for prison. I thought that was a little bit over the top of the new. Yeah. He says I'm the Vietnam veteran. The highly decorated Vietnam vet that I'd be running for prison. Not that goofball monster looking guy from Massachusetts. I thought, hey Bob, this come down a little bit. Senator John or Bob, what if your name is? Here's today's poll. We're finding it around. What Eric's probably having a nervous breakdown. We have a little bit of a big comment on Eric. Okay. Have a little balloony and peanut butter sandwich and just a relax. And what inspired me for this is on that documentary. I talked about about C. K. L. W. and W. and W. And when's you to Troy last night? They showed the riots in 67. And they showed some footage of the smoke. Burning over the city. It was really a great documentary. Especially if you ever lived in Detroit back in the day when it was like a great place before they decided to burn the city down. So the poll question today. What a American city that you used to love has turned into a toilet. Now I got two choices on there. Detroit obviously that was my vote. And Miami because a lot of people in South Florida been there long enough. Think oh this used to be a great place. But now for a variety of reasons. It's a toilet, right? Yep. When you think that there are a lot of people who feel that way? Of course. Especially if I've been letting down here other lives. Now anything you want to add on this list until we take some from the audience? Oh my vote's going to be Miami. I see. Guy? Well, Josh has never been anywhere. Have you ever been anywhere? Sure. Like California, Colorado, New York. Those aren't cities. Those are states last time I checked. Can we narrow it down? Oh, you're telling you where I've been. So yeah. Well I've been to California too but down this is the city where you've been. Okay. I'll let you see some writing on the wall which looks like yours. It anyway. Any city in particular? Well you wouldn't qualify. You're just a punk you wouldn't remember far back enough. You have to be. I would say over the age of about 30 man. Yeah. To be able to vote on a your close to hour. How old are you Zach? I'm 28. 24. 24. 24. That's it. See, fat people look older than they really are. That's not a really good idea to be fat. First you're going to die. But you'll never make it to 30 if you stay there. And you look older. I mean, you could pass. If you sat I was 31. I said, oh, okay. Well, I'm just going to tell you a great Josh. Could he be 31? Yeah. Yeah. See, he's laughing at you. I'm not least not laughing at you because I'm a fat sloth too. Although I look younger than I am. See, and I'm saying that myself to try to convince me that it's true. I'm at it. I'm at it. Look 61. No. If I sit you, I'm 55. You'd say, yeah, sure. I wouldn't get any of you laugh like Josh is doing it. Yeah, right. Right old man. Like that. Yeah. That's what you do. So that's our poll question. Let's add some on there. And then we'll get to some heavy. Oh, condolences. Yeah, but again. Other structural problems. Oh, and the structural problems. I don't know what to do here on the news. That'll until he done in nine minutes anyway. I think though it was really there. You could almost see the spittle coming out of the teeth from both sides from between her gap tooth there. And then of course, Bob Kerry and before a couple of the other people, it was really something. Especially Richard Benavis. It was very calm and very he's he's like at that look of authority in order to mean. Oh, yeah. He's a real like scholarly looking guy like you're not going to mess around. I'm not going to be some slob. It's going to call you Dr Clark during. Oh, yeah, at least at least I'll get your name right. I can't. That was bad. WM Dr Clark. Hello. Not there. That line. What has got some real problems. Q.M. Hello. Yes, sir. I got one. New one for you. How about Wilmington Delaware at OK. Class city. Large boxes moving back. I don't stare pick it out of schwarz. OK, but of course, there weren't a lot of dark folks moving. A lot of other people move out. And it's kind of like a chicken in the egg question, right? Sure. The city turned to crap. Just because those people moved in, wrapped her everybody else bailed out to the turn to crap. That's what happened in Detroit. Wilmington Delaware. Here's another one for you. OK, you put these on there, Josh. Yeah. Rochester, New York. My hometown. Born in strong Memorial Hospital and Rochester, New York. Right across the lake from where I'm sitting right now. Packed like a throw a brick from where I'm sitting right now. See? And hit that spot right in the hospital. And anyway, it's used to be a very nice city. Not great, but it was OK. But now it's like, well, I don't want to quote this last guy. But changing neighborhoods. What I'm saying? I got you. So it's like brightened in that 12 corners area. They're like, you know, Monroe Avenue and Whitten the road 12 corners. Well, that's right. Neither you've ever been Rochester. Never smell the lilacs. I've never been to Red Wing Stadium. Now called Silver Stadium. Never been there to watch a Red Wing game. What was nice White Hots? Come on. Let's get with it. 12 corners. Donn and Bob's brighten elementary. Brighten the high school. Now we're talking about my life, baby. Rochester New York. It's a toilet. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. WQA and Hello. Who am? Hey, Neil. How's it going? Pretty good. OK. I'm Patterson New Jersey. They used to produce silk, but not a Death to Doose crime. OK. That's with one tea. And thank you so much. That's with one tea as opposed to like sunny Patterson. You know, John Patterson, the Great Honest Racing, Grab it on you. Sure. Anyway, Patterson New Jersey, that's with one tea. You got a Josh? Got it. 560560. In fact, if you don't get it, we're going to stay playing Simphotes again for you. Like we did on it. Yes, they Simphotes. My favorite. OK. So we got Detroit. Mommy, Wilmington Delaware, Rochester, New York. There's a lot of cities. These are pretty nice and now. Oh, man. They're like nasty. It's oily. WQA and Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. That's good. I got one for you, Paul. Atlantic City. Oh, man. Good point. Now, when was that ever a nice play? Was it really? Well, I'm going to all find like you. Well, now the kid is a nice play. But it's a long time adopt. Why? But you know, gambling was supposed to be in a great saving Grace, but it wasn't for the owner's exemplified Trump, I guess, everybody else will make a money there. Yeah, exactly. It's a toilet. You're right. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, but I'll see you in 10 or fly. Oh, I've never been in 10 or fly New Jersey. I know I have not. Where about Engelwood? Engelwood, California. How about metal lands New Jersey? No, not actually. Metal lands PA is where the middle is is. What's the name of the city where the metal lands is? Is that East, not East rather far? No. It is. It's a matter of fact. Very good. See you fell into a bucket of crap there. There you go. Is that act? I just go wash yourself up. Yeah, rough and very East, rough and very New Jersey is where the metal lands complex is. The race track, the stadium. I'm actually that Mohour David is broadcast a few games in East Rothford, New Jersey. Absolutely. And you think of that stadium? I'll go to John's still playing the Yankee Stadium. I thought they played that stadium now. Where are the Johns play? They play in East Rothford, right? Yeah. The Jets play in the Shaste Stadium. No, they play in John's stadium also. The Jets? The Jets on the John's stadium. But didn't they use to play in the warden? That's used to play. You changed the, like I just said. So, they're playing in the stadium, though. And when I went and then I went and then I went and then I went and then I went. And then I went and then I went to stop, then I went and there we go. All right, they did play in Dr Clark. God. It's one thing to be a nose picker and a head-nradic Laudon at the May, which, I hope you missed that article. Was really disgusting about how The new stage says that it's healthy to pick your nose and eat it. I was. But it was. It was, it was true. Are you kidding me? It was from Ann and over. British newspaper wasn't one of those funny, funky, it was a real news story. It said, it's healthy for it. It's a borrower cleaner as in your good friend and buddy of Stugots. So now that the beast is out of town in Boston for a couple of days you can tell us as he and their clearance really booking guest for Stugots on the competition on Fox Sports Radio which it seems to me would be a fireable offense. 26 past 11 at 5.60 QAN. Can you answer the questions Dr. Clark? Could have been done. I will tell you if we had known that an attack was coming against the United States and the attack was coming against the York and Washington we would have moved heaven and earth stop it. But you heard the character of the threat reporting we were getting. Something very, very big is going to happen. Trying to put people on alert most of the threat reporting was a broad. I took an oath, so I said to protect and I take it very seriously. I know that those who attacked us that day and attacked us by the way because of who we are. No other reason. But for who we are. That they are the responsible parties for the war that they launched against us. But Dr. Clark? The task that they made and that you have a strong responsibility. It's several times that your responsibility being an office for 230 days was to defend and protect the United States. You had an opportunity I think with Mr. Clark who had served a number of presidents going back to the Reagan administration. Who you decided to keep on an office. Who was a pile driver, a bolder person. Who said person who you in the woodward interview, he's the very first name out of your mouth. When you suspect the terrorists of the TAC, the Sun September 11th, you say I think immediately it was a terrorist attack. Get Dick Clark the terrorist guy. Even before you mention tenant and rum's fellows names. Get Dick Clark. Why don't you get Dick Clark to breathe the president before 9.11? Here is one of the consoment experts that never has the opportunity to breathe the president of the United States. Absolutely. On one of the most lethal dynamic and agile press to the United States of America, why don't you use this asset? Why doesn't the president ask to meet with Dick Clark? Well, the president was meeting with his director of Central Intelligence. And Dick Clark is a very, very fine counterterrorism expert. And that's why I kept him on. And what I wanted Dick Clark to do was to manage the pricey sports and help us develop a new strategy. And I can guarantee you when we had that new strategy in place. The president who was asking for it and wondering what was happening to it was going to be in a position to engage it fully. The fact is that what Dick Clark recommended to us as he has said, you would not prevent it 9.11. I actually would say that not only would it not prevent it 9.11, but if we had done everything on that list, we would have actually been off in the wrong direction about the importance that we needed to attach to a new policy for Afghanistan and a new policy for Pakistan. Because even though Dick is a very fine counterterrorism expert, he was not a specialist on Afghanistan. That's why I brought somebody who really understood Afghanistan. He was not a specialist on Pakistan. That's why I brought somebody in to deal with Pakistan. He had some very good ideas. We acted on them. Dick Clark, let me just step back for a second. We had very, very, very, very concise. All of my opinions are, as you needed to do. What's to say, I need time to brief the president on something. I think he did say that. I'd like to say that. I'd like to say that. I'd like to say that. I'd like to say that. I'd like to say, I have to say this from my recollection. I was going to say that he never asked me to brief the president on counterterrorism. He did brief the president later on cybersecurity in July. But he, to my recollection, never asked. And my senior directors have an open door to come and say, I think the president needs to do this. I think the president needs to do that. He needs to make this phone call. He needs to hear this briefing. It's not hard to get done. But I just think that. You just said that the intelligence coming in indicated a big, big, big, big threat. Something was going to happen very soon and be potentially catastrophic. I don't understand given the big threat. Why the big principles don't get together. The principles meet 33 times in seven months on a rock. On the least on this one, the fence. China, on Russia, not once. The principles never sit down. You and your job as practitioners in national security by the Secretary of State, Secretary Defense of President United States, and meet solely on terrorism to discuss in the spring and the summer. When these threats are coming in, when you've known since the transition that alphightas cells are in the United States, when as the PDV said on August 6th, been ladden determined to attack the United States. Why don't principles at that point say, let's all talk about this. Let's get the biggest people together in our government and discuss what this threat is and try to get our bureaucracy's responding to. Once again, on the August 6th memorandum to the president, this was not threat reporting about what was about to happen. This was an analytic piece that stood back and answered questions from the president. But as to the principle of meetings, it has six or seven things that are authorized, including the resum case when he attacked the United States in the millennia. Yes, these are has the FBI saying that they think that they're conditions. No, it does not have the FBI saying that they think that they're conditions. It has the FBI saying that they observe some suspicious activity. That let's check out what that FBI is equal to, what might be. With conditions for an attester, this drummer. Would you say that the right to be a public officer? This drummer is reporting. threat reporting is we believe that something is going to happen here at this time under these circumstances. This was not threat reporting. Well, out of my intelligence, Dr. Rice, is when you have the place, time and date. The threat reporting saying the United States is going to be attacked. Should trigger the principles getting together. We're all saying we're going to be a site. Mr.umberl, let's be very clear. The PDB does not say the United States is going to be attacked. It says, been locked and would like to attack the United States. I don't think you've frankly had to have that report to know that been locked with light to attack the United States. So why are we putting something locked up earlier than August 6th? The threat reporting, the threat reporting to which we could respond, was in June and July about threats abroad. But we tried to do for just because people said you cannot rule out an attack on the United States. Was to have the domestic agencies and the FBI together to just post them and let them be on alert. I agree with that. I agree with that. I agree with that. So Dr. Rice, let's say that the FBI is the key here. You say that the FBI was tasked with trying to find out what the domestic threat was. We have done thousands of interviews here at the 9th of a commission. We've gone through literally millions of pieces of paper. Today we have found nobody. Nobody in the FBI who knows anything about attacking field offices. We have talked to the director at the time of the FBI during the threat period. Mr. Parkard, he says, he did not tell the field offices to do this. And we have talked to the Special Agents in charge. They don't have any recollection or receiving a notice of threat. Nothing went down the chain to the FBI field offices on spiking of information, a knowledge about fight in the country, and still the FBI doesn't do anything. Isn't that some of the responsibility of the National Security Advisor? The responsibility for the FBI to do what it was asked was the FBI's responsibility. Now, do I think there's any responsibility for that? I believe that the responsibility, again, the crisis management here was done. They were done by the CSG. They tasked these things. If there was any reason to believe that I needed to do something or that Andy Card needed to do something, I would have been expected to be asked to do it. We were not asked to do it, in fact. As I've just shown you, don't you ask somebody to do it? They're not asking somebody to do it. Why would you initiate that? Mr. Romer, I was responding to the threat spike. And to where the information was, the information was about what was happened in the Persian Gulf, what might happen in Israel, what might happen in North Africa. We responded to that and we responded vigorously. Now the structure of the FBI, you'll get into next week. You've been helpful to us on that. Who could have left the last question, Congressman? Last question, Dr. Rice, talking about responses. Mr. Park writes you a memo on September 4th, where he lays out his frustration that the military is not doing enough. But the CIA is not pushing this hard enough in their agency. And he says, we should not wait till the day, that hundreds of Americans lay dead in the streets due to a terrorist attack. And we think there could have been something more we could do. Seven days prior, the September 11th, he writes this to you. What's your reaction to that at the time? And what's your response to that at the time? Just one final point I didn't quite complete. I, of course, did understand the P. Attorney General, needed to know what was going on. And I asked that he take the briefing and then ask that he be briefed. Because again, there was nothing demonstrating or showing that something was coming in the United States. If there had been something, we would have been a... We would have been a big, a stalker and public doctor. We would have been able to make the August 6th, the August 6th, the August 6th, PDB has been available to you. You are describing it. You're describing it. And the August 6th, PDB, was a response to questions asked by the President, not a warning document. Why would you make public? Now, as to, I think you know the sensitivity of presidential decision, the memoranda. And I think you know the great lengths to which we have gone to make it possible for this commission to view documents that are not generally... I don't know if they've ever been made available in quite this way. Now, as to what Dick Clark said on September 4th, that was not a premonition nor a warning. What that memorandum was, as I was getting ready to go into the September 4th, principles meeting, to review the new NSPD and to approve the new NSPD. What it was was a warning to me that the bureaucracies would try to undermine it. Dick goes into great and emotional detail about the long history of how DOD has never been responsive, how the CIA has never been responsive, about how the predator has gotten hung up because the CIA doesn't really want to fly it. And he says, if you don't fight through this bureaucracy, he says it one point. They're going to all sign on to this NSPD because they won't want to be... They won't want to say that they don't want to eliminate the predator kind of. He says, but you really have... In effect, you have to go in there and push them because we'll all wonder about the day when thousands of Americans may so forth in silence. So that's what this document is. It's not a warning document. It's not a... All of us have this fear. I think that the chairman mentioned that I'd said this in an interview that we would hope not to get to that day. But it would not be appropriate or correct to characterize what Dick wrote to me on September 4th as a warning of an impending attack. What he was doing was I think trying to buck me up so that when I went into this principles meeting, I was sufficient to acknowledge... What he's on his mind against the kind of bureaucratic inertia that he had taught all of this. What is a warning if all his sexism and September 4th is... Well, all of his sex is will certainly an historical document that says, here's how you might think about a fight. A warning is when you have something that suggests that an attack is impending. And we did not have on the United States threat information that was in any way specific enough to suggest that something was coming in the United States. The September 4th, I'm always... I said to you, was the warning to me not to get dragged down by the bureaucracy. Not a warning about September 11th. Thank you, Dr. Rose. Thank you. Finally, I'd love to suggest that for Josh there, when you put these names on a poll today. Yeah, probably be a good idea like Rochester, since there's a Rochester and almost every state. Like Rochester and why, you know, as in New York. Well, I figured the first two didn't have that, so I... No, Patterson... Well, because probably Miami, most of us have a pretty good idea. We're not talking about Miami or Ohio. Or Atlantic City. We're not talking about Atlantic City, Newfoundland. Or Detroit. We're not... You see what I'm saying? I got you. But like Patterson, New Jersey would probably be a good idea, because we're not talking about sunny Patterson or Floyd Patterson. And Rochester, New York. Now, we're making Delaware. I think there's only one moment in that. Anybody see what I'm saying? I'm just as... You said, now, I don't want to strike it and push it. But just as a judge... Why did you local? We're sports, we need a 560, you and you a... 2 a.m. There aren't the men, but a good son. It's such a good reward. Or tell a bad all the wrong. Gotta back on the run. Help the palms to fall until they catch us well. We can't do good, go down. In the town, the dungeon fallen everywhere. We're both starting to be made in town. We're having bad on the run. Gotta back on the run. There aren't the men, but a good son. It's such a good reward. Or tell a bad all the wrong. Gotta back on the run. Tell a bad all the wrong. We're both having bad on the run. Come on. It's still known as 560. We've carried as much of kind of leases. Jim Thompson, who's the former Illinois Governor of Republican... He's going to be leaky, leaky, leaky. In fact, she's embarrassed right now, I think. And they were responding to... Okay, good. He's just going to toss her a couple of marshmallows. No, roost him have a little lunch. Did I hear something in the middle of that pit that like... Like that? Yeah. Wow. Now, where did that come from? Did Muff come in there? She like trying to play... That was good. I was excellent timing, but I just wanted where that came from. Because I know I should have played. I played that. That was me. Well, that was Josh's drop and stuff. And I thought maybe Zack was doing it. Which... Although Zack is fat and lazy. So he's probably too lazy to reach over and do that. He's doing a good job of facts and me stuff, though. I got Zack. No problem. Who's probably wondering, what am I doing here today? Now are you eating today to Jeff Con bring you mozzarella pizza? No, mozzarella pizza. Mousa Christa? We didn't get it. Nothing. That's really sad. Probably the rumors ate up all of the profits we can't afford to be doing that. Time's at tough over there for Jeff. So go to the pizza loft and buy a whole bunch of stuff because he's really on... That's door. Key West somebody says for our poll. Let's get back to the show under the poll now. I'm kind of lazy to death aren't you? Sort of. I mean, it was kind of like a melodramatic. I think if I was to sum up a performance day with one word... Week. Yes, it would be the answer. Week. Lane. Half-assed. But week, I think, covers it all. What a American city that you used to love is turned into a toilet. Well, let's see. So far, Miami. And I see... To be a smart ass just with Miami Florida on there. Okay. It could be Miami Ohio. Just wants to be precise, you know. Miami has 47 Atlantic City, New Jersey 11. It's got all the states on it. I'm not just sure what a smart ass is. Detroit, Michigan 7. Patterson, New Jersey 3. Rochester, New York 2. Wilmington, Delaware, don't have any of the first 7. You know what I said? Key West, it says. Not just because of the facts, but because of the touristy commercialization. It used to be like our great. But now it's such a tourist trap. Says this guy. Here's Jay from home state. Now lives in forward Texas. Factson says. Being a long time for it in that can recall when Miami was a nice place to live in the Caribbean as weights to reach in German. John one of the ones. John world h-. John had it all over the place. John said. John was nineteen, sixty nine to eighties. And that's pushing it. When Kendall was still farmlined, nothing was out there. But, Donald Carter's. I remember. Don Carter's. There. More. Phone down. Yeah. People say that I'm the one that's out of touch because I've been to Toronto grip. Part of the year. And you're police handlers- Lakeische. What is einer power, bear and You're trying to do wrong with you. Give us your right or around and you're Downtown. Now the D.A. Trappics too bad, it's a brutal. Exactly. Anyways, as I live in the homestead, most of my life with my family, consider myself one of the latter true Floridian's elect, almost due after the Hurricane Andrew. That's when I noticed that things went from bad to worse. Now my family and I live in North Fort Worth, and I are a nice quiet suburb. Whatever happened at the times in my mean, when you could walk into a store and have the grosser count your chains back in English. Oh, great. Can you bring that? Before the days of Kai Ocho and during the quiet times of South Beach, where you can find a nice Bachi ball court to play a few games. Anyways, since leaving shortly after Andrew after my house was looted, and there was nothing left for me to stay for, I came back around two years ago. Cutler Ridge is a slight, it means come back to stage, just a visit. Never, always a bad idea. Like one time I tried to go back to Detroit, I was on vacation, and I thought, I'll spend a few days in Detroit. You know, go back to all my favorite restaurants, look up some of my old friends. Oh, God, I moved. Guess how long I was there? How long? One night. No, seriously, I got into the car and I'm warning I drove to the airport. I got to the ally. I wouldn't go back to the truck if they paid me by the second. It says, couple of rages, a slum now, and there's still houses and communities that have recovered, meaning from the hurricane. Luckily, I sold my concrete slab and got out while I still had my life. But you're after the hurricane, I think they were broadcasting, that Miami was number one for homicide. Absolutely. Love you on the internet. Now, Jay from Homestead, now he texts his transplant. Also, somebody suggests the chronic and cocoa suggests a couple here, East St. Louis, Illinois. Do we really want to put that on there? East St. Louis? Yeah, it's a cross-giver from St. Louis, from St. Louis. Now, he's got another one, so let's put Candid New Jersey. Okay. Which I find it hard to believe the Candid never was a nice place, but I'll take this guy's, this guy's word for it. Candid New Jersey, man. Wow. Who you talk about a toilet? Is there any nice place in New Jersey if there is, I never even seen it? Well, once upon a time, back in the day, Cherry Hill was really nice. What happened to Cherry Hill New Jersey, across and Philly? Yeah, what happened? Toilet. And they're tearing down Garden State Park. They closed it down. They turned it down. Another changing neighborhood situation. I still do like that Ponziosis. Is it that great restaurant? I always forget the name of Ponziose. It's not a great restaurant, but it's like, it's like a big denny's with good food. You know what I mean? No, you don't know what I mean. I'm starving. It sounds good. Anyway, go to Cherry Hill. You're like it a lot. Thanks to Gene Hall and Willton Manos who wrote this letter. They added it in a son's title. And thanks for a mock. She brought this in for me today, mocked it. Don't limit free speech. It's got a cartoon here, kind of cue that's how it's stirred with a gag around his mouth. And he's thinking, thank you, Janet Jackson. And I echo that sentiment. Anyway, Gene writes, thank you to Tom Jicker for bringing to light the efforts of the WWEWSOP FCC.com online petitioner. I'd like to preserve our first amendment rights. I find it interesting that any time an article is in favor free speech. The letter writer, such as the person who wrote, we don't need the FCC to define decency March 24. Exorcises his free speech by condemning the speech of others with whom he doesn't agree. The letter writer uses the word, FILTH, no less than seven times in his die-trap because the erogers now are stirring, yet in no way defines what this FILTH is. Exactly what the FCC is doing by imposing fines upon broadcasts for their definition of indecency. I for one did not like my freedom of choice being taken away by five unlected officials in Washington. If one doesn't care for a particular program, change the station and find something more suited to your tastes. I don't care for Rush Limbaugh's program, but guess what, I don't listen. I would never insist to be reward from the error toned down because I don't like him, but that's exactly what's happening to other broadcasts or because he's a drug-goed dealer, our user, PILPOPPER. If you're opposed to censorship for this kind, write the FCC, your congressman signed the online petition, get the word out, it may not help, but it certainly can't hurt. Nice going, Gene, hello, well-manners, excellent letter. And I commend you, a heartily, okay? And that's Gene, J.E.A.L. And that they impressive? Very. So somebody out there likes me, it's a couple of letters. Not a tremendous response, at least they didn't print me letters in the Sunseville because you know, you know them. They're owned by the Chicago Tribune in the Sunseville, so beware of them. And of course they're here all well, you know. The less said, the Thumbud, yeah, lucky. About them, the better. Speak for itself. The daily outrage by Matt Pivins on the nation today is pretty good. Very short. He says the White House fought for a year to prevent a very idea of a commission to investigate the 9-11 terror attacks. Even after he was forced about a public pressure, George W. Vosha's tried to hand-string it from trying to put it under the leadership of Captain Truth himself, can we have a very kiss and your, deciding on reasonable deadlines for it to close down. So as Condoleezza Rice, Dick Taney and the president each had their days of testimony before the nation, remember this. When Republicans were after Bill Clinton, they saw fit to allocate $70 million to look at this one man's business dealings and sexual escapades. The 9-11 commission by contrast has had the big and scraped for the administration together a budget of 15 million. 70 million for Monica and the Blue Dress and 15 million for investigating how come we had 9-11 and 3000 people got killed. And I'll cut and don't you remember a few months ago that we're telling us that Al Qaeda was we've topped off the head of the organization and they're very weak and ineffective. And now they're bigger and stronger than ever before is what we're here in these days and even she had to win over well. There's still we still got a problem. How do you like that? I don't know. I don't think it would have spent that $100 million that we spent to invade Iraq and the piss off all the Arabs all over the world and to sacrifice the lives of 650 American kids and to kill all these thousands and thousands of innocent Iraqis who didn't want emancipation by the capitalization. You don't think it would have spent that $100 million that maybe just maybe Al Qaeda might be out of business right now. Pretty close to it. And you don't think that maybe if we to pressure our good friends the Saudis to really help us find the money trail for all of that cash that keeps all kind of going. Pressure them to do it. You don't think maybe we might be a head of the begin to you. No. Just just thinking out loud. Look at that poor Miami man poor Miami. No wonder Lev on Hernandez don't say no more. I love you Miami. He used to say that. That was a great line. I love you Miami and then Wayne comes on right after that. Hey, I'm in this for the, I'm on a, I'm not in it for the fans. You're right after word man. I mean, they weren't the champagne was still wet on their foreheads and Wayne is saying I want to do stadium otherwise you didn't stick up, you know, all that other crap. And by the way, you're all traded. All right, and we're and even Kevin Brown came back and he said, well, a bunch of us players would like to renegotiate because we love this place so much. We want to, you know, we had such a great experience and we'd like to stay here Wayne said, bye bye. And then of course, the same with a panther deal. I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down again. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Uh-huh. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years, saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Liner, I think is the word he's looking for. You're a liar, Wayne. I'm going to tell you that right now to your ugly post. Okay, onward the dolphins you're a liar. And Jay Fieler is still on that team. And look, this is for 2056. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8-M. Uh-huh. Don't like all the hard burn. Don't don't don't. Every time I see. That green card, it can't win. He's president of Repolicate muscle in and in our kingdom in India. I don't know why they want to die. Oh, we're president of the shit. Oh my god. Oh, what I did to the most most most and get to we all vote at more. We're alive. If you want this, don't don't don't don't. It's drumming stupidity. Boom boom boom. Mine is drum, it rich hit. Boom boom boom, it's even. Lumber than me. Peace, president of the shit. You don't care what it's all. You got him in by a firm broad. You're the Christian broad. No one's less if you and I have a hell of a feature. We've got a great leader with president. 12, all two, a five, 60 WCM. The man dog is two from the masters in Augusta where they got all those white guys up there playing golf and Tiger II, Tiger II. The humper from the mommy heat the arena and everybody's jumping on that fan. We're going to our thing through your hop at a board. Hang on, you're four to six, 30. Can I bring your pardon? No, he's in the deceminals to there. No, he tonight. I'm reading Wednesdays kid. Oh, that's right. It's Thursday. Oh man, that makes me feel so much better now. And now if you're telling me about the game of 12, 15, it'll make me even feel better, but we don't. Pump her at the seminals. I'm so sorry. She's at San Talva. I'm right there. And the reason for that is because nobody brought any food yet. No, no, no, no. Dammit. Marlon's on deck at 630 nights. I just got a tough two and a half hour assignment. And then we got at 705, the Marlon's in the spows of PP Park. Any K follows the baseball game. And then we sign off overnight till Mo come back for more punishment for the audience. Nine is taking a real beating on his pool. So I'm so sorry. I took this. What American city that you used to love has become a toilet? My name is 84. Atlanta City at 16 Detroit 12. It doesn't. Oh man, Kiwash nine, Patterson, New Jersey three, Rochester three, canton three, New Jersey and Wilmington Delaware don't have any yet. She doesn't want to guess the guy get around a voting eventually. I got to was talking about the schwarksers. Maybe that's the only reason we call them just a schwarkser. He liked the way that sounded. Line nine, WQM, hello. Yeah, I think with the cities that definitely turned into a toilet, is in the anapolis. In the anapolis, home of Bob and Tom. Yeah, I mean, it's really becoming a sewer that we once upon a time. There were no homeless people there. There were no problems or anything. And it's really become a toilet. Toilet. Network covers a lot of palies. And Neil, like an outdoor old jean. What do you say? Yes? Neil? Yeah. What did I ever do? Do do. Oh, but he didn't say what the same enthusiasm. What I ever do to you? He didn't say it to me. Well he's stuck in Andy. No one really is upset. See that explains it all. Too bad George could be here to say that. To a hear that. To do it. See anapolis, Indiana, you got that? Got it. Now I don't think you need to put Indiana. But if you want to, who make you feel better, go right ahead to whatever you want. Yeah, that's one of those kind of deals. I'm real easy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So many cities and so little time. So many toilets, you know? That's right. And of course with this government we got now with all the crap that's going on. It's a good thing. We got toilets all over the country. Which is a good thing. We got all those fast food joints. Well, when you drive and which I don't really do all that much anymore. But in the back of the day, you know, when you used to get in the car and drive like, oh, you know, long trips. And you run the interstate and you see up ahead. Here's another exit. And wow, there's a McDonald's. There's a Wendy's. There's a, not usually, not usually Burger King now for whatever reason. Taco Bell. Taco Bell. And there's restrooms. That's the only reason. I mean, I wouldn't stop there to get food necessarily. If I wanted something really good at stuff, it's stupy. And get some peanut brittle from 1937. Just make your teeth. You take the first bite and your teaches all crumbling it out. It's just a beautiful thing. You never get in a to cookies ever. No, I have not. See you got so much more, man, waiting for you out there. You better your social treat. It's really sad. That now Josh, for example, he's been in California in Colorado, where else Vegas, New Jersey. Vegas. Oh, now wait a minute, when did you go to Vegas? Didn't you just go, or are you going to go? No, no, I went last year. I'm going again in May for the birthday in May. How do you like that? I just got better with Vegas. Josh is going to Vegas. Zach just got back from Vegas. I'm never going back to Vegas. I really, I don't think I'm ever going back. I mean, I love it. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah. I tell you where else I love. Hawaii. I love how to live it when why can't you, man. I love there is nothing like Hawaii. I've been there six times I will never go back. For many reasons. First of all, it's just two damn far. Yeah. How long has that plane flight? Well, first it's five hours to the west coast. Then you've got to take a connecting flight. Six more hours. So it's 11 hours just flying time. I'll go over. I can't do that. No. No way. In addition to which you've had one flight at long, I can go to Europe from Toronto in six and a half hours. So what I want to spend 11 hours going to Hawaii, which is overcrowded, over commercialized, just jam packed. I mean, the traffic is impossible. Nice. Kendall looks like a picnic. No, seriously. Too crowded. But it's a great place. And Vegas, I think I've left them enough to build a couple new casinos. So that should be enough. I've done my part. No, I love it. I don't know. You just get burned out on stuff, which doesn't mean you don't like it anymore. See what I'm saying? Of course. It's just like Nestle's turtle ice cream. I love it. I have an evening in months. I'm still a fat pig, but I have an evening in months. I'm just, I just get tired of it, right? Of course. Well, tired of it. I don't get tired of it. Well, I mean, I'm going to be a little bit burned out. And then you've got to take a little time away from it. And then you go back. And then it's so much better. Yeah. Line nine is ringing again because we have two in a row. QA. Hello. Yeah. Neil, I got a perfect city for you. OK. Was even made a movie out of. Huh? Flemming again. Flint, that's right. That's where Michael Lord would tell you. Right. Next one, choice. OK. Thanks, Pally. Yeah. I've been to Flint, Michigan. Have you ever been there? No. I would not. Ann Arbor. Don't. Oh, no, cut Ann Arbor. That's, I want to go visit my buddy University of Michigan. What? I'll bunch your wailing wolf Marines, man, and Ann Arbor. The only good thing I ever came out Ann Arbor is Jim Manditch and Tom Brady. I'll tell you that right now. What are you laughing about? No, you're right. That's the freaking truth, man. They don't even have the good weed. Everybody talks about all the weed, Ann Arbor. And in each land, they've got the good stuff. They do have a great idea. They're those called hash bash up there. Yeah. Like for an hour, the cops like turn their heads. I should go back in the day when we could say something on this show. I have a fantastic line for that. But I can't say it right now. You can get easier on my imagination. My amy is just run away from the pack. Are you people knocking my amy? We love you, Miami. And it doesn't sound too sincere. No. Come to QA, we love you. Not there on 7. WQM, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I was in the, they see Miami obviously. I grew up in Miami and this is toilet. Well, we apologize. Well, I saw your fall. I know. But I know the thing, you missed a big opportunity. They just saw them. I think it's quite three don't night. What have you lying, liar, liar? Maybe they've been throwing that. And every time that the chocolate leaves open or mouth. Oh, see, it's a cast away. And I did play the few times. But you missed it. Oh, I'm working. Oh, well, I'm working. But the other thing is, you just see them. You missed it. And I'll tell you. You just go down. Oh, no, I'm up in Pombon Arena. I don't live there. I can't afford to live there. But I'm working it. But another thing, you just mentioned that I was driving the first side of those post country. It was, it was a bill. So you went down the old 90 and 291, 90. And everywhere you went, it was a different place. And now you get on 10. You go from Jack to Vill the Santa Monica. And like you said, every exit has the same. The Santa Santa Redmond Chronicles, hey, buddy. You got to cut the same. And then they came out about it. Right. Third exit. Everything's ridiculous. Hey, I'm going to have a good day, buddy. You two, pal. Thanks a lot. I'll be the play. Oh, I'll play. I'll play. This is the, I believe, Dr. Clark. Lyr, Lyr, Pants on fire. You're not the combat base that I would desire. OK, I'm not really sure. Ha ha ha. I thought that was like the original song. And it's a bum a bit. Ha ha ha. See, that's a new original song by the castaways. Or was it the three dog night, maybe? Now the guys are looking for you. He's, he's had a rough life. He spent his life in my mind. And he's pretty pissed off about it. Oh, friend. Yeah, there you go. What is that from? That was the three dog night thing. Where does that? Oh, but that's not the name of that song. That's a different song. Yeah, that's just what is that song? I don't know what the name of the song is. We just have that one part in our computers. You haven't where in the, in the, in the vault. On the audio, if all. Yeah. Oh, so now that Jack is on it, this we crash, they get to use a few of those since they steal most of our stuff all the time. Of course. Of course. Let's see, three dog night. I don't think I've ever heard that song. I know that's a shopping name. That is. Since I should be an expert on three dog night, that's my territory being an old fart like I'm. Oh, it's called Liar. Yeah. Just one liar. My rust ballard. 1971, just a single liar is opposed to Liar liar by the castways. OK, so like I said, you were right. I'm wrong, Pally. Liar is by three dog night. And you were making fun of them, Zach. Wasn't it? You said, what a jerky. Things it was by three dog night. And at the time, you probably knew was in the auto vault, too, didn't you? Oh, I knew it. See, he's just laying back. He just wanted those guys. He puts on the act like, you know, a very mellow laid back. And then, but I'm big when you least expect, oh, that was a raspberry by the way. You don't dump it now. OK, Panic, that was just a raspberry. That's somebody's step on a duck. Ha ha ha. Oh. It is so ridiculous, man. It's so terrifying is what it ought to be. People ought to be peeing in their pants with the terror. That thing I read yesterday about John Ascroft. And the assault millions of dollars to assault the adult entertainment industry and to let get the cable TV and all those shows off the year and even in the hotel, hotel cable in house cables, Chris rated movies off of there. I mean, we're talking about crazy people. And you people in the mass media met see, this is another reason. I don't want to waste my time with era America any of the Southern crap because they're not going to let you tell the truth. The truth is that we're really just fundamentalists. They're all over the world. Not just the al-Qaeda. Not just the Taliban. Not just these crazy, uh, maniacal Muslims with a schmotha heads, all a crazy religious like this woman in Texas that the stoner kid to death. And she's probably going to be walking around on a few days. That kid. That bitch. The name if you sit can't believe that. That like well, I'm steamed about that. As the Chinese say, Zyna America, 112 votes for Miami. Oh, my God. Can you believe that? Oh, my God. Turn it about toilet. They used to love it, but not no more. Detroit, 19 Atlantic City in Kewas 17. And everybody else single digits. We don't have enough. We'll have a bunch more names on there. But man, poor Miami. We used to love you Miami. Not no more. Fact out. Be a good thing for more. No more. We used to but. No more. Absolutely. So why do you ain't no Johnny most? Well, I tell you that right now. You can get on there and pacificate all you want and talk in your inventory and tones. Do you have a bunch of little butt lickers there in a morning, but you ain't no Johnny most. Anybody that really knows sports, which I do see. This is one reason he resents me among many others. Is the fact that one of the reasons is I bring him out of the closet with all the stuff he pulls. You know, this with him, he does all of his stuff behind the scenes. I'm listening. Good. I'm sure he is always behind the scenes. You know, playing the little games, getting this one fired, bringing out his buddy down from New York is his friend's son to work them. What's his name? Shai Levy. Shai Levy. Oh my gosh. Shai Levy. No, we call him captain Israel. Oh, you. Hey. Shai Levy. Now that he hang a. I heard the rumor. I'm hearing his that next week right after pace off us over with. That he's going to have a nail a couple of mizzuses up on the road to the people evil spirits out of there like the beast. I saw them as a threat. That's when I'm hearing. Shai Levy. Nice Irish boy. Yeah. 12 14 at 5 60 W QM if you're in a dead end job like we're going to QAM. If you're underpaid no for work, can my PD answer your praying for? I want to tell you right now Todd Dreck. If ever anybody in the history of the human race is lived up to his name. Here's the guy this man. You can't complain about the job he does for his clients because he doesn't do one. Anyway, if you don't have the cash for college or the four years time to spend on it, then pick up that phone today and just make one simple call that can change your life. We've been telling you about fast train for a long time for a coupons age. They can have you train and should have five for a great high pain computer network professional career by the end of the summer. That's right in just four short months. You can be fully trained ready for that great new career and the big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule too. They offer job placement as systems. Financial aid people who qualify and because there are seven convenient Florida fast train locations is about to be on close by you. So if you've been sitting around thinking about it and your sick and tired of working for peanuts, check them on the web if you like first at fast train.com. Get some more information and then make that call and then just for sure at months, you can be well on your way to a great new high paying career. Have some cash. You can go to Vegas and punch your guts out. Call them today. Tool-free. One. Eight-six. Fast train. That's one. Eight-six. Fast train. My life and low. This is for 20. I. Sixty. What a two-day am. Get it on. Jump here in the taxi car about to drive a central pond. You look that mean. You're so quish-a-t-a-ring. If I could tell he was in the dog. So I acted out my pop-shared and with my arms the trees I made. There's no bug to speak English and immobler. I went down to my, yeah, I met Beachwear the weather was nice. I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real fun. I asked him for a pint of fortune beaming his ass. No one to end up. What does that mean? The better speaking English. Get him more. That corner deline. Hell, I think I've impacted Stance. He English milling. All you can go back to the line. I came here. You go. Learn my ABC. I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty Norwegian. So get yourself to a classroom quick you're an American now. Stop making me sick. You know, but I speak English. Come on, get more. I don't want to get up. Well, my team, they may have something new because always comes back to that. You know, when they're ripping my image, always comes back to that same thing. Just like that fat server. You know, nobody speaks English. They got a good point. We need to get a whole bunch more cities on there before I get to all my good stuff here. And some bad stuff too. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What a American city that you used to love has turned into a toilet. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's an extra vote for Kiwas. I live down here. Terrible place. Brutal, huh? And it's wrong for health and condolisa and all of them are still in there. I think I'll be the first one to swim to Kiwas. All right. Have a good trip, Pally. How you like that? Maybe we'll be all going to Kiwas. Huh? We can all meet in Cuba. Cuba, Cuba, leave it ice. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I can't too much response. They're on this screen. I can't even see it right now. It is full. There must be how many thousand cities? I'm third man. There they go. They're a little slow. WQM. Hello. Hey, you have one for you, list? Okay. Hollywood Florida. Hollywood is a toilet, man. It's a dump. Thank you. Thank you. Mama still lives there. But she lives in kind of like a sheltered, you know. I'm sterling road there. But Hollywood is getting really, really bad. Let me ask you a stupid question. You know the construction there on 441? Yeah. You think any of us will live long enough for them to see if that's ever going to finish. I mean that's pathetic. Maybe my great grandkids. Soft Florida is generally pretty notorious for a construction project to go on a turnily, but this one is just unbelievable as what it is. That's what it is. Right there on 441, but between sterling and Griffin Road, I think by the year 2525, when all the Jews have moved out of carriage hills, I think that's why maybe they'll get it done. Maybe WQM. Hello. How's it going, you? Okay. Yeah. I got an old figure list. Almost finished. WQM. Hello. How'd you speak to Neil? Speaking. I don't know if the subject was blown up before or not. If you have spent as much time and money on their own defense, as opposed to going into other countries, we might not have had 91, 101. Uh-huh. If they have been blown up or not, I think I just mentioned that a little while ago, sir, by the way happy, 91 is birthday. 90's old enough. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. I wanted to throw in a list of, uh, I named to the list. My birthplace. A place I really used to love. A lot of people might've always thought it was a toilet, but New Orleans, Louisiana. Boy. It's absolutely. I went back about two years ago in the, I got to tell you. I didn't really miss anything but the degradation of a one-scraced city in the year. Well, there will be an insult to slums all over the world, you're right. Hey, the 9th Ward is absolutely like hell on earth, but there will be the city into greater Neil. Okay. Thanks, Belly. Ha ha ha ha ha. New Orleans, uh, New Orleans. The big easy. Oh, I don't know. That, that just, that sends me up the wall when I hear people use that expression. The big easy. What does that mean? I have no idea why I'm doing this. I mean, the big apple we understand in New York, we understand that. The, uh, but the big easy. It's just a place where a bunch of drunks. I'm hanging out. You know, you can go to Key West. In fact, you only have to leave data Browder if you just want to get drunk. You want to get pie-eyed, right? Absolutely. It's plenty of places to get plastic. You can just go right down there on a corner. What else is it? Am I that, uh, two these, uh, took these. Took these. Like I said, two these. Oh, it's big and a buy-by-tootsie. How about what, what, what, what, what, a disgrace? What an unbelievable situation. I, I don't want any of our dark friends to get upset, but the fact that matter is nobody cares about you. That's why colon Powell was in Haiti for about 30 seconds. How many seconds? About 30, man. And he said, oh, don't let's have any investigation of that whole thing with the, uh, uh, rusty because, uh, you know, we got enough problems already. Leave it alone. Western leaders, absent as Rwanda, of recalls genocide, you realize that they killed 800,000 people there, and nobody cares. That's, are you worth that? No, I know you're not aware of that because the news don't care either. 800,000? With Western leaders can stick you with spider, absence Rwanda marked a tenth anniversary of its genocide yesterday. Still be wounded in angry at the world's faded to stop under the 20th century's worst crimes. Lingering rankers saw a French minister cut short as tripped after Rwanda's President publicly renewed accusations that Paris had been complicit in training and armament killers. Will and engrilles were gang raped, tortured and maimed for life have not murdered. The victims were forced to kill their kin or dig their own graves before they were buried alive. The president told 28,000 mourners gathered at the stadium. We'll see each other again in heaven, a choir sang at the memorial site in the capital or a crowd of barefoot rondens and tattered clothing watched from my hilltop as African presidents arrived in gleaming four-wheel drive vehicles. Just like in the Arab country, same thing, you know, people were all sluppers that walking around tattered clothing, and to me time you got all these sheaks right around, shake it their boots, so much gold on them all, so yeah, with all the gold chain, the shans, you know. Korgami single France out for stinging criticism in the speech of the stating reiterating his allegation that Paris provided weapons to those responsible for the hundred days of bloodshed. As for the French, they were all in what happened in Rwanda, self-evident, he said they no-only trained in arm, the government soldiers and militia who were going to commit genocide and knew they would commit a genocide and they did. France headed a cuckoo or to visit by its junior foreign minister saying it's serious allegations contrary to the truth that they made against it. In Geneva, UN Secretary General Coffee of Cappacopianan, said the risk of genocide remained frighteningly real in parts of the world and that Rwanda and Strel ethnic massacres may be he said international military force could be needed to stop it. And in sound of the alarm and a speech on the tenth anniversary of the Rwanda genocide in which 800,000 two-season moderate Hutu's Rwanda's who to is Rwanda's who to are famous, and we don't know who to turn to. He left no doubt he feared something similar might be underway in West today where UN officials say ethnic cleansing is being carried out by government back era of militias. Cartooned inized any world in our lawful killings in the region they should live so long. How do you like that ethnic cleansing? Ethnic cleansing, in other words, what up being they're dead? It's by the thousands, by the tens and the hundreds of thousands and we're sitting back with our arachatac. And the reason nobody cares about Rwanda or Haiti is because there's a lot of dark folks there. See, just like all the AIDS epidemic in Africa, you know, every now and then somebody says something nice and Clinton goes there and he's trying his best to do something. And maybe, you know, somebody like Bush, a lie through his teeth about all the money he was sending and then of course he said, oh, but not if he teach birth control and things like that. Not a few is contraception and a pope said, and a boy, you go boy, I didn't know even you were cat-like. So at any rate, nobody cares about all those people dying either because they're black. So unfortunately, all that racism has taught so well about slavery and all the stuff in the old testament, it's still alive and well in the world today as ever. It's pretty sad, pathetic. There's no word to describe it. Not to mention, of course, all the bloodshed, all the blood that the Bush people have on our hands, including Yukon DeLisa, that's what somebody should have screamed out. That's what Bob Kerry should have said, Miss Dr. Clark, I mean, whatever your name is. And what is his story? How many times did he call? He's a doctor, Clark. But third man. At least, and then even Abian Effey was correct that he called her doctor, Rice Watchy, didn't again, over and over again. And she says, I don't think I look like Dick Clark. And I would think of myself, no, they never would let you ask on American bands, Stan Honey. She don't look like Dick Clark. Oh, and I got a great line for that, but I can't use it anymore. She might look a little like Joseph Ganky though. Look at some tan. I need what they call Joseph Ganky, don't you? Don't say it. I won't. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQM. Hey, lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast. If you have never been there, you don't know what you're missing a real feast. That's just an ordinary Asian buffet, which there's so many now. The service is impeccable. You'll never leave on an empty stomach because they'll fill you up to the gills. And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out, their kids six and under each per free in addition. Emerald Coast still offers all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes to start out with any or all of their six fantastic soups like that wanton. Then sampled dozens of delicious on trays like the earth strip made order and their sizzling Asian grill, their new whoon on fish. Fah. Enjoy main lobster thermator a child, Jonah Craven oysters on the have shell. And if you still have room sample their handcar primary when the new Thai special these two. Hey, Richard at the Emerald Coast goalies go big end the night. The Emerald Coast buffet. I wonder what's on leaf TV right now while I'm doing because he's a Richard is from Toronto. You need to be least fans. I'm not a statistic and I'm not a not over one bite but I certainly can understand it being what it is. Sticking with gold tender specifically, Patrick Alimbe. Now forget about Patrick Alimbe. The Emerald Coast also promotes a healthy living too because they use no crab in the cooking they cook with only cholesterol for your else. No MSD, no cornstarchs, no crab. There are faithy cheese full salad bar, a full Chinese food line of their brand of sushi bar and fresh. See him. Cocktail. And because you deserve it if you're a real cow and in fact, Zach, if you ever been there probably not. He just walked out. See, in fact, he's probably on his way there right now. And he's just like the beast. Every time I go into a break, he like goes bottling up, probably trolling for food in the hallway. Anyway, he'd be pleased to know that they got a full dessert station in their mocos with Belgian moffles pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream without your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit, a perfect ending to a gigantic pig out. Emerald Coast, they got three locations for you. They're in sunrise, sunny hours and now in Pemberg pies. So take the whole family or book in this business lunch and rat now and don't forget to fill out a membership card so you can get your monthly newsletter too. Let the folks at the Emile Coast cook up a storm for you. Take out and deliver your available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. That's 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. Lots of emitators, but there's nobody nowhere like the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. They're the local, they're 65-60. They're the real, they're the real, they're the real. They say, they stop you, no matter how many of you are, they say, they don't even know. They say, they say, they don't even know. They say, they say, they don't even know. They say, they say, they don't even know. They say, they say, they don't even know. They say, they say, they say, they don't even know. Diana, looks like you're going to be going to jail for DUI. What are the cops, Eddie, and when he stops you? Your blood alcohol was pretty high. How did you feel today after? You're probably going to have a cellmate that thinks you're kind of cute. What do you think's going to happen, huh? Diana, be strong. You can do it. You just need to do it. What are you going to say to the moment you get out of jail? This has been a presentation of ABC News. Prop 32, you find any food in the hallway, Zach, or Z. Cover beer. He's still on the back. I'm still looking. I wasn't going to get a cup of ice. I'm going to have my cold seltzer. See, I knew there was something, may you wear it? See, with Zach, it's always either something going in or something going out. We can't use those sounds for you, so it's probably a good thing. Yeah, better. First in his case. What American city they used to love has turned into a toilet that's our pull question today. And of course, there's nobody in town. We got 252 votes. We didn't start this pull till after 11. I correct. I think so. What we did will allow a condolisa. All that important stuff. Miami 158. Nobody's going to touch Miami. And when you think about who would want to. 158 for Miami, Key West 207, Detroit 23, Atlanta City 19, Patterson New Jersey 8, Camden New Jersey 5, Great American toilets. So big great travel book. So many. Hollywood Florida 4, changing very rapidly, by the way. Rochester, New York 3, New Orleans 3, Flint, Michigan 2, and none yet for women to Delaware Indianapolis Indiana, out of 252 votes. Let's more cities to go. But at least not 30,000. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So how's the Santa Cup playoff party is coming all over South Florida? They all booked up to a frenzy or what? Come on. Could play that stupid and stuff they enjoyed play. That is the other side of it. Nobody really cares. What's hockey? Ottawa and Toronto with the Air Canada Saturday night. This town is on fire, baby. They're smoking. They got blue and white come out of their nose. Probably because it's so damn cold out. That's not bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. W to Q and hello. How you doing? Pretty good how you be. Good. I have to say growing up down here. That's a four-waterdale. Okay. It's died compared to what he did. That's for damn sure that's because they chased all the living and breathing people out. Why is it that every place in South Florida? Anybody out of the age of 100 who wants to have a good time, they're not wanted. I don't know. It's against the law to have a good time, isn't it? Yeah. I think so. Yes. It is. So see you up there in Toronto. I'm here. All right. Have a great day. Thanks. See ya. All the bulls run for a lot of the other day. All the blue and those white wingers. They've taken it over. Of course they've owned it for a long time. They get really pissed off. And all those kids all the punk scrimm in there. Do they have any spring break this year? Is it like they totally blown them all out? No. Four-lettered ill beach was pretty packed. I think it was a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. It was pretty packed. I went down my brother was down from Tallahassee. So I went down with him one day. It was like almost like normal. It's normal spring break. Lots of girls and bikinis out there in guys. Oh, right. Well, that's great. Don't let the old parts here about that. Don't let Jim novel here about that. For a lot of the American Jim novel, he'll run them all up. And throw him in a husskown. Of course the BS. Oh, although Ken Jenny, I see his busy with all them cases there. Thank you for that. Yep. All those cases that kind of slip through the cracks. Oh, I didn't realize that's the possum man. Ken Jenny. She is one nasty, miserable. Now that he's got all the swing clubs closed down, he's going to start working on everything else. Like anybody wants to have a good time and broward in. Wow, what? WDQA and hello. WDQA and hello. What a five. Is he talking about Ken bad again? Ken Jenny? WDQA and hello. Hello. We're here talking about the attorney general Charlie Christ again. Yes. Hi. I have two things. One thing for one of the people. Yes. Philadelphia? Philadelphia, okay. Okay. And secondly, I was listening to Kondalisa. She said one of the words you're not allowed to say. I won't say it but start to let it be. No. Yeah. What's the second letter? Well, it's the part of a free word phrase. It's Jenny Jackson will bring it to mind. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Whatever. Have you figured it out? I'm puzzled. Maybe that was it puzzle. We can't say that. No. I'm not. Oops. Janet Jackson. It begins with a P. I have no idea. Well, word Kondalisa has said. And of course luckily, I'm sure we didn't have that on the ear. Or my foot have been right. Oh, didn't you dump that in your own? I could just see it now. Of course, Josh would have to be fired if that happened. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T. See, one thing I don't have to worry about that Josh. You have to do a hell of a lot to get fired on this show. The early morning show. All you got to do is look at most cross side or make a comment about that piece about his muskret. You're out. I need to do something really grow test like maybe go into a spastic drug and dozed comma on the floor. That'll probably get you fired. Or start staring at the ceiling like a crazy person. Oh, and by the way, good luck to our friend Scott Junior who gave us two weeks. Notice he's leaving us. Really? Didn't know that. I did not know that. Well, we're going to have quite a party form after he leaves. WQM, hello. And then my friend, you die. Excellent. WQM, hello. Mr. Roger. There must have been part of Robert Bird's speech in the Senate yesterday. Yes, sir. Hey, I've got a city for you, man. Okay. And driving through that place is even more frightening than like driving through the Bronx was Baltimore, Maryland. Oh, Baltimore, man. I drove through there real fast. I mean, I said, that place looks, well, actually, they root looks like I'm taking thanks to that next to Baltimore. I believe it. By the way, I got one other thing for you. Did you see that Bob Norman piece in the, I think it was either new times or city link? No. Remember which one? He was interviewing Clay Shaw and he was asking about the insurgents and what the hell were we going to do in Iraq? You know what Clay Shaw said? He said that we should do what the Dom used to do, which is beat the hell out of the way that I killed the ball. So, a lot of the guy. Okay. And in fact, that's what he used to say. It's spring break time too. It's not that I didn't like this spring. Thanks a lot, Paul. Have a great day. You got to fill up. What do you just say? Baltimore. Baltimore. Yeah. Baltimore, Maryland, man. Nice place to drive through real real fast. Also St. Louis. I would say the same thing. Ever been St. Louis? Don't. Never been. Miami. You never been much anywhere when you can. Now, where were you born? I was born for a lot of the plantation. Plantation. No. In plantation? Yes. I didn't know that. I thought you were in New York. You kind of got it. No, no. That's my mom and dad. I'll be there. And the beast is from Boston. Yep. And Clarence is from hunger, which we know that. And Duff is also from New England. Boy, we sure are spread it around. But we got somebody who was born in Fort Lauderdale. So, they have no idea what the real world's all about. No, I have no idea. Or what Fort Lauderdale used to be like when we had the original spring break. When it was really great. Oh, right. Yeah. Oh, right. Let's make all the babies. I think all those movies about the old spring break. Connie Francis, she had a nervous breakdown just thinking about it. What they did do it. Remember that word of gray mar and Fort Lauderdale? And then, that one they found out a few Jews moving to Fort Lauderdale then. Oh, they really got porked off. And then with a face to go for rope manners, I think that was the last straw. I think that was the end. 21 till 1 at 5.60 Qm. Don't forget the mad dog from the masters to the afternoon. I can't think of anything in the world. And I forget anything about sports because I don't call the sports a game. Anything more boring than golf. Now, in the front page of newspapers, and I'm seeing that at least on the front page of sports sections, with all the things that are going on in the world. The masters. Augusta. Tiger. All of this crap. Now, please don't tell me you're interested in that. Please. The most prestigious golf tournament. Please tell me that. I don't know what you're interested in. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. Let me say it again. 22 1 at Qm. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. I'm going to put it's the biggest golf tournament. Half-roomconfidence and annual club prizes. I'm going to put a coach out of 18 vs 35 shooting chair inongs. Of course. And if we can be 7 Chevy? I like the Chevy. 244 or 560W to QM Marine Dowd writes in the days near or times it's on our website the Iraqi inversion she says, maybe after high definition TV they'll invent high dudge in TV, a product so realistic you can just once through the screen and shake the bush officials when they say something madening about 911 or Iraq or when they engage in some egregious bit of character assassination. It would come in handy for carrying his bush nanny in book tour and kind of leaves the rice as ripping 911 commission testimony. And I was desperately wishing for it yesterday when Don Rumsfeld held fourth at a Pentagon briefing even though the assumptions of bush administration used to go to war now proved to be astonishingly arrogant, naive and ideological, Mr. Rumsfeld is as testy as Delphic is ever about the French League of Iraq. We're trying to explain how things are going and they're going as the way he speaks man just drives me up the wall. We're trying to explain how things are going and they are going as they are going he said. Adding some things are going well and some things obviously are not going well you're going to have good days and bad days. On the road to democracy this is one moment there will be other moments there will be good moments there will be less good moments. Calling the families of more than 30 young Americans killed this weekend the confusing hell of Iraq must be a less good moment. Our troops in Iraq don't know who they're fighting and who they're saving they don't know when they're coming home or when they're being forcefully re-up by Remy our diplomats and bad dead don't know who they're handing the country over to next month and bush officials don't know where to go for help sent the military's tapped up the allies have cool feet and the Arab world's anguian arrested the globe is thinking you got what you deserved. Before heading out to Iraq last spring Marine commanders explained that they would try to take a gently repurched in the army they would avoid using military tactics that would risk civilian casualties learn Arabic and take off their sunglasses when talking with the rackies. If the killer terrorist we have to kill eight innocent people you just don't kill them may your general James Mattis told the times Michael Gordon. But in the wake of the feluge horror and she eyed up rising civility must take a back seat to stomping. The Marines had a fire rockets had a musk and feluge using by the use by the she eyed followers of the radical ferric moccada al-Sanar and the hospitals are filled with civilians. Instead of playing soccer with kids now the Marines have to worry that the kids are the enemy spotting targets are wielding guns. The farmers in taxicab drivers wearing their own clothes and driving their own cars tried to murder the Marines before melting back into populace. All wolfowitz assumed that the she eyed's terminated by Sodom over their religion would be grateful not hateful, wrong it isn't the cakewalk it's chaos. Every single thing in the administration calculated will happen Iraq has turned out the opposite. The WMD that supposedly threatened us did not exist. The dangerous dictator was diluted in writing romance novels, the terrorism that would be thwarted is mushroomed in Iraq and is feeding Arab radicalism. Mr. Rumsfeld thought invading Iraq what exercise America's Vietnam syndrome its squimishness about using force instead its raised the specter of another Vietnam where our courageous troops to understand the culture can't recognize the enemy and don't have an exit strategy and the administration spins the war every day. Rumsfeld also said he could show off the transformation of the military using a learner force now even some Republicans say is putting our troops at risk by stubbornly refusing to admit he was wrong. Did I say learner force linear force? Dick Tainey thought fear was better than weak need diplomacy that if Americans whacked one Arab foe all the others would cover wrong the Iraq invasion is multiplied in the bolden our enemies. Mr. Cheney and Mr. Rumsfeld thought America should flex its hyper power muscles, castrating the U.N. and blowing off multilateral arrangements now the administration may have to crawl back for help. The hawks thought they could establish a democracy that would produce a domino effect in the Arab world wrong, the dominoes are falling in a scarier direction. The president thought he could improve on the ending to his five-is-gulf war. Wrong again. Rob Morin doubt today's New York Times the Iraqi inversions. Got some bad news for if you're going to answer them, exact. Why would I have Josh? It says is it the end of High Times in Holland. Oh my God. No way. No way what? That's really how it is. It's going to be like that now. Tourists who flocked to answer them to smoke cannabis in its coffee shops without fear prosecution may find their choice curtailed as part of a proposed review of liberal Dutch drug laws. The Dutch government's considering a ban on the sale of highly potent strains of cannabis under the proposed review cabinet sources had Tuesday. The Senate right government of the Netherlands where cannabis smokers can openly buy smoke to drug and hundreds of government regulated coffee shops is discussing the proposed review and cabinet today as we speak. The government wants to determine if Hashemirawana with a very high-con that of THC, an active compound in cannabis should be reclassified as hard rather than soft rugs. The Netherlands were customers can order a vast array of cannabis from coffee shop menus as we've portedly seen a steep rise in THC levels in Dutch grown cannabis due to refined growing methods. The government to climb a, the climb comment on reports that would consider banning the sale of Dutch grown, neither white with a high THC content under proposals and a so-called cannabis-led at a parliament. Some doctors say cannabis use increases the risk of depression and schizophrenia, but it's used in why they tolerate it by the Dutch for decades. Coffee shops are prohibited from selling hard rugs and are carefully monitored. Sure there. The Netherlands, the first country to legalize use in Asia also has to begin the first to make cannabis available as a prescription drug in pharmacies for chronically ill patients. So then not taking it all out. Just a real heavy duty? Yeah, that's a good stuff. The real heavy duty good stuff. They're taking that. So you go down the street. You go to the mushroom shop. Oh, okay. No problem. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Linewood American City that used to love as turning to a toilet. So far it's a one horse race. 113 votes. Miami's got 189 KW34. And that's something the top two choices are in Florida. Detroit 25 at Levis City 21. Patterson New Jersey 10. New Orleans 8. Camden New Jersey 6. Flenishigan 5. Hollywood Florida 5. Fort Lauderdale 4 years to more in Florida. Rocks just in New York 4 Indianapolis 2 and that's it. We've got a bunch of money. I've got plenty of it. I'm glad plantations are up there. Plantations are not a toilet. Come on. Good. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy about that. Not yet. That's home. What about waterhill? I'm sorry. The innovation is sale for new talk shows, home of such valid discussion. Converting Gays Distraints through religion is the land in the new national talk show, Cossot Staphamedia, in trouble with gay rights groups and with Pizza Hut. Pizza Hut. Why would they be in trouble? Well, I'm getting to that if you're just dumbing up. Okay. Did a debate was sparked by the March 25 program that featured the theme of curing Homosexuality with religion. Univision said it didn't intend to offend anyone with a program. For give us poor favor. During the show hostess Judith Grace suggested that gay people are homosexual because they were abused or ripped into this children court of the gay and lesbian Lansing and defamation, glad. That implication infuriated the gay community as a genetic criticism on the Network's website. The show also prompted pizza hut to ask the division not to wear its ads on Koso's defamia in the future. Got that? Got it? When it doubt leaves us out on Koso's defamia. What about our old friend Mirabel from QAM? From our IRD with serious news. Right. In a statement, the division said we broadcast quality programs to present an objective and balanced discussion of issues such as race, culture, gender, and sexual preference and a responsible way. We strive to promote tolerance and diversity in our program in no way to offend any group. Well, guess what on this show? We're just the opposite. We want to offend everybody. All right. Spread it around. Why not? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. That's our poll today. Is it going to be feeler or touchy feely? That's the poll question today. WQAM? Hello. Pretty good? Yeah. They call it the call before about Rice's testimony when the... Yes. The word that she said, I guess he was a meeting, uh, Titsford Tat. O.T. I thought he said P. Well, that's okay. Yeah. Titsford Tattocus, those little... Yeah, don't say it again, you're done. He's finished. 560, 560, pound 560, as he did, again, gratuitously. The second time that's bad. They're coming after you, pal. John Askrop, you're not going to need to do it about 3am in the morning tomorrow. WQAM, hello. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Not there on 5. QAM, Ola. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call, Mr. Carl. I've got one city for the poll and two questions for you. Okay. For the poll, first of all, uh, or Lando has become the toilet that I can't stand going to anymore. Even with all this big stuff that they're building up there, it's just too darn crowded. All those Bible thumbers since they took over orange blossom trail man or Lando just ain't what he used to be. Oh, yeah. That's for darn sure. Yeah. Got to definitely watch what you're saying on the show. I can't see a game. What happened to the stop FTC campaign? What happened to it? They stopped it. He stopped it. He still... no, nobody stopped it. We're not participating because Scott the guy that's behind it is a... I don't... I wish him all the best. He's got about 155,000 signatures. But he tends to look or give towards him a mouth and I'm not going to stare raising money for people when they won't tell us what their last name is. When they don't want to share with our, you know what I'm saying? And he wants to be anonymous and if he wants to do whatever he's doing, that's fine. But I can't in good conscience take people's money and go out and take a newspaper and then have no idea what's going to happen to signatures, news got him and where they are. I don't, uh, I've been burdened too many times and I can't do it. I understand. I think they had a good idea but he needed a lot of help and he haven't had anything. She's a bigger than all the rest of us. He's going to do it on his own so we'd like to Scott. Um, lastly, my only other question, I'm a Republican voter and I have been screaming. I've been apoplectic about what this regime is doing to our country. Yeah. It's absolutely horrid what they're doing all across the board. How many credible witnesses is it going to take before the rest of the Republicans start to wake up and get their finger out of the place that shouldn't be. But no. I mean, I've been saying the same stuff that Clark and and, um, O'Neill have been saying since since before this all happened and nobody wants to listen to any of it. They just, they just attack him. Put it, put it like you say. A lot of dumb people out there, man. That's American public. Good luck to all those, man. I'm getting, I'm getting my dad's board. And I might be seeing you in Toronto. All right, I have a great day. We'll see you at the border. 567, Holy Skull. Maybe a big game died. Leaves in the Ottawa Senators who are choking in gagging, and you hear those sounds already probably from practice. Other dumb practices. They're taking it along that probably haven't nightmares the Senators. I'm worth that game is if the, I have the game in an hour. Now they've got least lunch on Leaves TV. I had seven o'clock. Now do you have like Panthers TV on your cable? Uh-huh. Do we have a WM? Hello. Yeah, you don't. Pretty good. Okay. I just wanted to second a motion. This is a loophole. I'm going to say Wilmonton, Delaware. You got him to tie him for one and raise him Delaware. And there he goes. That was loophole. He was fired up. He was really whipped up to the reference. Yeah, I think that Luke must have just been not going to have a door. He dropped that phone real fast. 560, maybe with solot, so 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Do you know who I am? I'm more brief. I made my bone when you were going out with cheerleaders. How many QM-Hlow? I'm sure. Speaking. Uh, I think the guy that was all fired up about hearing pissed off on the radio to go over the FCC. That's what happened. Could be. And I just like to add the dash cross front film and the Catholic Church all still suck. Okay. Thank you. There's a little bulletin for you probably won't hear that on any of our sports shows. I guarantee that. 560, 50560. How many people do you think for the night scale now that everybody's build up? And the bad news for South Florida. I don't want to be the very bad tidings. You know, they always say that I'm so negative. I'm not. I try to be the eternal optimist to a little bit of an extent, but uh, everybody's gone. The snowbirds buy by. And have I always said that every year when it comes Easter and pace off, that's where they all bail out. And a lot of them just, they don't bother coming back. Am I correct about that? Because ductile may take about two minutes to drive the work this morning. I went nobody on the road is what he said. What's he coming? Huh? Wasn't much traffic. I'm afraid of what a skeleton crew did. So thank you very much to condolisa to Dr. Clark for taking up so much of that great time with the testimony. I still can't get over that. I'm curious. I can't believe he said it like five, six times. No, no, a lot more five or six. I'm 30 man. Get out of town man. I can't be said it over and over and over again. And then the, the, why didn't somebody slap on the back of that say, her name is Rice, you idiot. Rice, okay? Or kick him under the table or start the thick and am Chinese. Okay, Rice, not Clark. I have a beautiful line. I could use right there but guess what? Not no more. This is for 20 or 20. 2 a.m. Oh my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drugs. And it's time for the skills. Be uploading. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. She. Oh, he's the one who kept the fire. He knows that you don't live a free. What until at 560, she did test to find the week was the operative war. We just took a pool and 95% of us thought it was week. The other 5% thought embarrassing would have been a better word. 560, Pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon line. This story here makes me want to barf. Man charged with fatally kicking dog like a football and a guess where a Nashville Tennessee. Talk about a bunch of mugwumps. Ever been to Nashville? Uh, no. Don't. Don't intend to. Makes Tampa look like Manhattan. That's how the NFL Nashville is. A man was arrested in his a picture of him here in the story, Chad Crawford. If he don't look like he just called out for money or a rock, I don't know who does. A man was arrested on charges of killing his neighbors 17 year old dog by place kicking it like a football. Chad Daniel Crawford 23 was charged with cruelty to animals in vandalism Tuesday and the death of Gizmo a two, a two-pound miniature Yorkshire Terrier, Crawford was freed on $25,000 bail. Jolani Lewis said he was into the department complex when he saw one of three men holding the dog like a football and then said Crawford kicked the animal. Lewis said that off through through the air in a high arc hit the pavement and rolled under a park car that all was apparently dead when it hit the ground. The men were laughing Lewis said and didn't even get the three points. Crawford said the accusations were false but declined for the comment. Is that about a sick as it gets? I hate that. I think this guy in at bitch from Tyler Texas that stone her kids that I think that two of them ought to be on the same seat. They should have pulled this pull this switch. This is Friday and it's right there on nationwide TV. Gross. I love my dog every time you just thought sorry I can't think of my dog now. What kind of dog you got? I got a big fat golden lab. Honey oh there's not a golden lab. Yeah. Great dogs. Of course Zach is big and fat. They always say that the dogs generally reflect their owners. Now neither of my dogs reflected me because I had tiny and I had the winy. The golden retriever and a mimpin. So I don't think I've been either those categories. Oh my dog fits those categories with me. Yeah you're big and fat. Now and Pan is not good. How old is your dog? Not good. Oh she's old. She's like a turning 13. Oh she's the doctor even such. They can't believe she's going to be 13 years old. What do you mean by that? That she lasted that long. Yeah. That's why you dog fat. You dog didn't get fat by herself. She might have. No no. Let me say it. No no don't try to translate to play. This is bad. This is serious conversation. Your dog is fat because you overfed her. Probably yes. And why are you doing that? You're not doing your dog. You see now the audience always thinks I'm a joke. Now listen. The audience always thinks that I'm joke when I say that fat people on everybody else to be fat. They even want their pets to be fed. Now my golden retriever was like, should have weighed 80 pounds in a 1.0 is like he was up to 108. He was 28 pounds overweight. And so I started featuring her feeding him that like 1 low, what did that diet dog food and he got back to 82 pounds. Can we weighs now? About 2.5 ounces. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. But my dogs were great. But how can you do that to your dog? Just because you're a fat slob, you're in telekill yourself with food. But the dog means you're feeding a lot of people food. Yes. Bad. Josh called the SPCA and had this man dragged away. That's the dog loves me. Yeah he loves you because you keep because he's a big pig and you keep feeding him naturally. He loves you. He'd love you without the food. Yeah you're probably right. Yeah. See dogs are great. Dogs love you like crazy. They asked for it a little or return just to be let out to do their business or for a walk or whatever. So they can lift their leg and do a little squat and then a fed once a day while not just fed tons of. Oh geez. I can't believe it. You shouldn't have been a lot of the have a dog. Well it's not like it's my family's dog. It's in the house. Yeah. It's not like mine doesn't like you. Well that doesn't make any difference. You shouldn't be allowed there. Are you the rest of your family fat too? Yeah we got a pretty big family. Oh my god. No I'm not talking about bigger. Are they fat and the answer is yes to the fat family just like Jeff high fat boy. Oh my god. Hi, how are you? Get out of here. Disgusting. Let's see. Here's the fact that if we go cold red and other attack the borders will be closed. Not going to Canada then. It says too late. Oh I see. Well I'll wait for you. I wish you good luck. WB one of our chronic facts you says the big easy comes from a euphemism for New Orleans like the Crescent City that's attributed to Betty Gwyand. A gossip comes for the times Picae Union in the 70s as a term of indirmit and answered the then I love New York City hype. It's the big apple and the New Orleans the big easy where everything is slower, simpler and easy going. That was their answer to the big apple. Okay. Now the big apple sounds like a fun thing. I'll sometimes it's right into the core but the big easy. It's a crappy cliche. The crappy city if you don't go there. A lot of drugs and. They're saying I'm going to say it again. Josh almost had nothing again. We'd understand how that works. What you've been saying these words for a hundred thousand years. Right? There's nothing wrong with this bag. But then all of a sudden I know all of a sudden. Let's cover it. It's a bad word. Everything else is bad now too. Kill and people. All of a sudden people don't know whether that's okay. That's good because it's in the name of democracy. But if you words on a radio or on your TV or on cable or got from it your hotel room, it's no say permisa a key. Oh, this is a bit one for you. Easter Bunny whipped a church show some families upset. This is a true story. What? A church trying to teach about what you're dealing with religion again. I don't understand crazy people. But I don't like that. I'm sorry it's Easter and I'm paisach. Like I said, crazy people. A church trying to teach about the crucifixion of Jesus perform an Easter show with actors whipping the Easter Bunny and breaking eggs upset in several parents and young children. People who attended Saturday's performant at Glassport, Pennsylvania's memorial stadium quoted performers was saying there is no Easter Bunny and described the show as being an illustration of how Jesus was crucified. Melissa Saltman sounds Jewish to me who took her four year old son J.T. Now why would somebody named Saltman take their kid to see a thing with Easter Bunny? I don't know. Could anybody unless that sounds awful Jewish to me like Phil Saltman. I don't feel. Melissa Saltman took her four year old son J.T.T.T.T.T.T.T. The program was inappropriate for young children. He was crying and asking me why the bunny was being whipped. Saltman said. Patty Bickerton, the youth minister at Glassport, assembly of God, said the performance wasn't meant to be offensive. Bickerton portrayed the Easter Raven, said she tried to act with a tone of irreverence. In other words, this wasn't like a real bunny but she was playing the bunny. And she was getting whipped. It was an SNM deal. Nice. The program was for all ages not just the kids. We wanted to convey that Easter is not just about the Easter Bunny. It's about Jesus Christ, Bickerton said. The former broke eggs meant for Easter Egg. He also portrayed a drunk and man in a self- medulating woman. So Jennifer and her brother Burke and other parents saw the shone glass. Sports, I'll taste the Pittsburgh. It was very disturbing to really berth said I couldn't believe what I saw. It wasn't anything I was expecting. It was an SNM show at Easter Time. What's wrong with that? Jesus Christ. And how different is that from that Mel Gibson movie, right? Talk about SNM? There you go. I guarantee that the showing glass poor P.A. was even the same league with Mel Gibson. It's going to make about $250 million. It's going to grow some billion dollars, man. Because a lot of idiots out there want to see whipping and flesh and all this other all these bubble noises. Very, very sad. And you wonder why the world is in the shape it's in today? Three words, man. Make the world a ton better place tomorrow. When you wake up in the morning, three words. No more religion, which we say. Oh, right. And if we have to force you to give it up, then let's do it, right? Why not? So put that on at Matsum and put down those chocolate Easter eggs. Okay. You know why I love them? What do they call those little, um, you should know because you're a pig. It's a little hard Easter egg chocolate candy, you know? They're like, um, oh, I know. You want to mean, I don't know. They're called Easter eggs, I think. They're good though. Oh, Nestle's makes me. Yeah, man. Oh, God. Those are solid. Hmm. After the first 40 or 50 pounds, why maybe not that much? Not good, man. The first 30 pounds, your blood sugar starts getting a little bit High-luck in the quadruple figures, but never to last. Aren't those just called, like, Cadbury Easter eggs? That's what it is. Those are what the cream is in it, all right? No, no, no, geez, no. Those are grown-on. No, those are the big eggs. No. I had a great line for that too, but I can't use it anymore. Ha ha ha. No, these are hard. Oh, I can't say that up. They're round. They're small. They're little chocolate Easter eggs. You know what I'm talking about? They're real sweet. They're good. They're great. What does he know about food? He's just a skinny punk. He knows nothing about food. Leave the food, talk to us, fat slabs, man, to the fact you as we know our crap. I'm going to get some kishki today, I think, for lunch. Oh. That's how good? That sounds very good. Nice big bowl of mottable soup and a nice plate of kishki. Oh, I can't wait to get home now. And just smear up all I gravy with some nice, Rye bread. Hmm. Come on to say after one at five, 60 WQM. If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked, and you probably figure your life stuck for the rest of your life working for peanuts and working for some smuck that doesn't know as ants from your elbow. Here's the answer. It's called fast train. That's right. If you don't have four years of money to spend on college, but you still can get the training you need by calling that fast train at 1-866 fast train because they can have you train and certified for a high paying computer network professional career in that short of a time. That is correct. You can be fully trained ready for that new job by the end of the summer. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance to naturally to people who qualify with seven, count them. Seven can be in a location to serve you and afford it. There's about to be one fairly close by you. So in all way, pick up that phone today and get started because in just four short months, you can really be on your way to a great new career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Call them today, check them on the web if you like it. Fast train.com, but please finally get off your ass and make that call. 1-866 fast train. Wipe in look. We are sports video 5-6-6-U.S. UAM. Can if you're running for the highest office in the world, you ought to look your best for all of C.S. fans, 19 viewers. That's why you lead just for candidates, Herr Colour. I'm John Kerry. The issues are not black and white, and neither is my hair with just four candidates. I'm George Debbie Bush, and it's in combat upon me to look my vast just for candidates especially for me lab at for salt and pepper hair make it a little more gray so you look distinguished for the elderly voters in the red states I want to preserve social security for older Americans who aren't filthy rich like me or make it a little more dark so you can appeal to the MTV demographic in the blue states on nature support another term in the white his house for shizel down down so whether you're a privileged white guy who went to Yale or a privileged white guy who went to Yale choose the hair color that's just for you just for candidates just for candidates here color also works for third party candidates even if you'll want to know who they are or what their hair looks like okay so once they're staying now CNN's taking a poll on their website CNN dot com should be on the sixth intelligence memo president bush discussed by the nine eleven committee uh bd classified and so far sixty nine percent say yes and only thirty one percent say oh how do you like that get that information out now okay and it's just amazing how they've had a like polar teeth and squeeze and big and uh for any information to get this commission going anyway here's the fact that says tell zactus stop screening your facts is quit skating a fact is unless they're from that the little squid we got okay it says that right wing uh yeah no second not a right wing or not a bush person I sure hope not no chance not how about the fact that I haven't voted in my life for this term goto because of bush there you go arrived I'm one of the back is vote in several times that is dogs voting too for curie he's gonna she's got this is by the way L.A. should be on the poll let's put Los Angeles on her what do you say there ever been in L.A. where I'd be born there you go Josh was born in L.A. boys to be thinking about out there was a city that used to be that's a perfect city for this poll used to be fabulous if I could do to say that especially west Hollywood was really very fabulous but uh now it's a toilet meant fact now if you it was the last time you were there Josh I'm moved before I was one but uh I was born there so you'd never been back uh no that is very strange but a good idea because that places you drive through like um Hollywood I'm not talking florida I'm talking california and all the signs are like in Korean and Vietnamese and I'm not not gonna Korean Vietnamese because some of them are nice people you know whatever but uh it's just all bizarre now I've been mentioning the gangs and all the and there's the very definite feel of crime in the year you know what I mean by that you know in other words you walk the streets in L.A. even at a daytime and you don't feel safe and this is the years ago last time I was there you feel like any second some uh I'm gonna get out crazed person is gonna come up behind me and I'm gonna start another riot for some protest thing or the cops are gonna go crazed you know that's L.A. it's a horrible place let's see it says the dog kicker needed to be rubbed down with a nice juicy steak locked in the room with about 20 doorbarvan shepherds and pit bulls ask him who's the tough guy now excellent point I just go and Ben also he voted and it's actually our pull pattern new jersey I didn't realize we had a couple of people Patterson got 13 votes wow it says my ex-wife is from there she's the most wild toxic creature on earth it must be a frightening place it's ex-wife how's that thing coming I'm sure there's a lot of other cities deserve to be on her but L.A. certainly what American city that you used to love is turned into a toilet my M.A.228 nobody can touch my name that even close he was though 46 look at the try it's got a lot of city 24 new Orleans 18 Patterson New Jersey 14 for Lauderdale 13 Hollywood 9 can't do New Jersey 6 on Michigan 6 and it's and look at that Rochester's only got four Indianapolis only got a pair I guess you want to impress because you need to want to know anything about one radio was it like the golden age of radio I'm gonna write a book about the golden age of radio I think you should because radio used to be just fabulous if I do say that again do I do say no you're pretty good and now radio is like now we're in the brown age of radio I don't want to tell you what the brown stands for you turn but that you're giving idea okay because we can't we can't make those sounds anymore so when the brown age where radio is just a fact speak out of being in a toilet that's where radio is thanks to cheap channel thanks to the FCC thanks to your government and action again turning all the city of the monopoly so a handful of graver hours can put the same crap I'm just about air and let me tell you something else now you were telling me that I would be who was telling me that maybe my girl was telling me this morning I would be was carrying kind of leisure I'll I'm sure not early as entertaining as I made it oh no way but you realize thanks to cheap channel here is a market number 10 or 11 market in the country depending on which server you look at we don't have an all new station anymore do you realize that that's right I mean when cheap channel bought all those stations from buddybud patch and the kids switching and swapping around everything W i and z at that point was all new is do you remember that yes okay and W i d was like talking sports and whatever now i o d which is supposed to be the new station they got news in the morning and whatever they feel like it if there's something like extra special like condolisa they stick that on their i guess but other net it's just a care company the same top crap here everywhere you know they got rush and rush junior there or top the schmender whatever his name is named the afternoon and the fill of course mister right wing are you sure yeah and that's it just the same prefabricated crap you're anywhere in a country there and i and z is our effects now it's all sports where stuccasses get his guest from clearance so we got no all new station in a major market that is a disgrace so the plan I was trying to make is that I guess unless you're from Detroit and Detroit is number three now with about 30 votes on a pool you wouldn't appreciate the cklw thing as much but I I just got to play a little bit of this because if you didn't hear the beginning of the show i was channel surfing last night on history channel Canada there was an hour and a half special on cklw wins your Detroit you know the the transmitter in the license was wins your Ontario but of course wins is right across from Detroit as i'm sure you're both ready for midyear not oh yeah well i mean look i don't understand one thing about Floridians why is it that you people don't go anywhere why why why why why I don't get it do you never been anywhere where have you been how did it Vegas where have you been um New York big deal Michigan and land Michigan where we're in Michigan that's all and our book yeah well then you should know Detroit and Windsor sure you should know Detroit Windsor almost as well as you know how he rose in the Johnny most I know 20 20 news guys they were disjockeys without music had the same energy level we were the same radio station the same audience a lot of snappy writing a lot of a little bit of a lot of short sound bites they had the big sounder then pump and um and everybody knew that something was gonna happen you knew something was gonna happen there was something that when you walked in the broadcast pool you knew it's casting and what boom boom boom that led at at at at at at at at at at at at at at at you stopped us in granwell rush and then you had teletype a phony teletype underneath you the whole time and it was like driving you that's who with the thunderbirds moths and they give you a little training on when you go through the g-forces you have to breathe like this and tense up and that helps you not black out well that's what we would do doing the news i mean you could actually work a sweat up and there was a lot more music than frankly this is rental carlyle what a 20 news the first time i went on the air i threw up three times before i before i went in the booth to do my newscast because it just seems so big the what was it was huge we had 24 people and the news department nobody had that kind of staff we had bureaus and Detroit at the city county building we had a bureau down at city hall and Windsor we had reporters out all over the place that doesn't happen in radio anymore the 2020 news had a presence in the community that was grand in scale the style that soon became internationally notorious when give smite less cklw in 1968 to work in Toronto he handed over the news director rains to a 19 year old protege from alberta and Gary Mac Mac changed his name to buy remagrager then he changed the sound of the big eight news the news department takes on the personality of the news director and buyron magrager was a character he was uh sort of a god to us all i think uh those those in the news businesses to listen to he was big tall lean muscular the drove a fancy we used to have news cars back then they were comaros at the big engines and them and at cklw and blazing on the side 2020 news buyron was a stickler for good writing and that's one thing buyron banged into our heads to have to write you have to write I think the US stations were afraid of that style of writing they used every day images to write news stories that when you heard it you went whoa the city mayor robin grips has a mad on for an unidentified rapist butcher night meal being pervert corner to secretary of the elevator at the choice city how do you building and loader of bacon seven four and proceeded to sexually assault her guards are now being considered for future surveillance of the crime's fame seven more leave our soul 20 20 news oh boy oh boys right back in the day you're living in the past again the other way and you're something sometimes ain't so bad living in the past because radio today sucks now you ever heard anything like that did you know I'm trying to do that breathing exercise but yeah but can't deal with food near mouth sorry I'm out feel so bad about that you're dog and kind of probably gonna be some dog lovers waiting for you when you get off today I hope so if they saw my dad love it they would love him but they say please lose some weight lose some weight is what they would say you see the movie fatso with dumbbell ways I have not ah do I need to see it of all the people the beast and you of all the people I know in the world not fat boy forget about that because he's he's hopeless and you probably are too what but how about get the honey tune yeah you mean you don't even know what that's all about I do not well I you go and rent it or buy it or steal of fatso with dumbbell ways and bang crop today I take all your advice on movies I watch well really you will you'll laugh you'll cry you'll maybe commit suicide you'll just love that movie fatso I see probably your family is preventing you from seeing it because you know your shelter and they want to keep you fat it's a it's a due thing it's possible fat in Jewish 26 after one at five 60 WQM hey when you shop for quality footwear even if you have fat feet like Tom Walling with the size 14's wow they got great selection professional service and unbelievable service at but I just say brand issue is the only place to go there in Pompano Beach and brandies you find the biggest lecture men's women choose the best service and prices in town period at brandies you find the top names you know and love an issue business they got them all whatever ones you like best rock ports floor shine S.A.S. spirit Timeline naturalizer and lots more ha and what brandies huge selection chances are you'll never hear anybody say sorry we don't have that style on your size I'll bet sacks life on right now what you need they got in stock on the shelf to slap on your foot right this moment so find out for yourself I'm most of brandies customer double a keep coming back but usually by several pair each visit they make brandies open daily nine to nine some days 10 to five and you'll find them in the same great location they've been pedaling shoes for a long long time now 12 90 North federal high-end Pompano Beach it's always worth the fifth no matter where you are and right now even better savings than usual because it's a red tag clearance sale at brandy shoes which means bigger and better savings than ever at man's a woman's famous brand name shoes at brandy so be sure and stop in or for more info check them on a web at brandies shoes with two ss brandy shoes dot all Now it's my baby, gentlemen. Darling, baby. Overknock on a journey, Jerry, and baby. Darling, baby. Darling, baby. Shiny new little spin machine. Go. I got my wedding note now, none of the hearts of the day. He comes the easy door, worth no greater. The sweaty crushmen lost heat, stops the smell. The distance of dusting, looking at over time. Now, mama, back to new mind. The shiny ground at my leg line. My coffee journey, stupid, I may wash a knit with all the roll. The army wins. Overknock on a journey, Jerry, and baby. Darling, baby. My most shocking news going over Steve Lump's baby. Sweet, sweet, sweet. Darling, baby. Freshman Lauren, dear, you'll be happy to be in baby. Darling, baby. Baby, baby. One thirty two or five, six. You probably wonder why I played that today. Yeah, why is that? Because we still can. All right. Well, I mean, anything that's into DCS here that, you know, one of these days. Oh, and you can't do that because it's this. Is that you know, whatever. So anything, it might be even a little teeny tiny question mark. For example, while we're roasting to a doctor Clark, I mean, Dr. Rice, this morning, all at business going on. I mean, even though it's the edited version, you never know what I'm going to say. I can't do that because I mean, the piano thing there sounds up and down to the other one. All right. Yeah. So who do you want to know is when and out, when and out, pull it right out, when you still can. U.S. this, I'm not going to read this whole thing. It's on our website. It's much too long. And I'm going to put you into a coma, but this is really just something to you. An idea of just what maniacs we got running this country. U.S. Neocons from nation building to religion building. One thing that can be said about U.S. Neoconservatives is they don't like for ambition. We need an Islamic reformation deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz confided on the eve of the U.S. invasion of Iraq last year, and I think there's real hope for one. Echoing those views one year later, another prominent neo-conservative Daniel Pipes of the Philadelphia-based mid-East Forum, recently declared that the ultimate goal of the war on terrorism had to be Islam's modernization or as he put it, religion building. Such an effort needs to be weighed deadly on the Islamic world geographically speaking at it. Pipsch who last it was appointed by President Bush to the board of directors of the U.S. Institute for Peace, but also among Muslims in the West, or in his view, there are two often represented by Islamist or militant Islamic organizations. Pipsch is currently seeking funding for a new organization, tentatively named the Islamic Progress Institute, which can articulate a moderate modern and pro-American viewpoint on behalf of U.S. Muslims, and that according to a grant proposal by Pipsch and Tuneer based foundations of pain by IPS, can go head to head with the established Islamist institutions. So in other words, they're going to change their religion. How do you like that? All right. So you'll believe what we tell you to believe. Now see, I think that's fine if they would do the same thing with fundamentalist Christians and with Orthodox Jews. I think that's educational. It'll never happen. Or probably the best idea of all, of course, and that is just eliminate all religion. All that good old-time religion, man. Just eliminate all of it right now. Wake up to a much happier than you won't have to worry about the Shiites and the Sunnis at about the Hindus and the Kurds and the Kurds in the way and all this other crap. It's crap is what it is. It's just a big bundle of crap and nobody in a media wants to talk about that. Right after 9-11, I had Mario Cuomo on there when last time we saw him as a talking head, what in the idiotic Well, I think what we need to do first is find out what these people were up to, what their issues are with us, why they were angry at us. And I thought to myself, you turned. Why? Any respect that I used to have for Mario Cuomo is right down the toilet. Can you believe that? We have to find out what their gripes with us. How is that going to work? Why are they angry? Is it just to somehow legitimize the idea that if you're angry, you don't like the way we live or think or what or what given too many, I don't even want to go into it. I'm going to get all whipped up into our friends and you ain't going to change nothing. What do we have to sit down with them? Just like all of this crap with the aerial sharon and he is really, he's known to say the garbage that's going on. I mean, it's right there from your face. How come we're not a little bit more engaged? How come we don't say to him, hey, any more of these assassinations in this other bull crap and keep building that big fence that you're building? Guess what? We're going to cut off all those billions of dollars in four and eight. You're going to be sitting there eating old stale holovas, what you're going to be doing. Even the moths is going to be stale. Even on pace off, aerial. How come we don't do that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. See, I got all worked up about nothing. Right? Yeah, don't do that. Let's get back to the pole, okay? I'm going to get away from this crap. What American city that you love that you used to love has been turned into a toilet? CLA's just been on there moments has already got three votes. It'll do well. LA is so sad. 467 votes. Miami 256, though. Miami's way ahead of the pack. K-Y-49, Detroit 32, Atlantic City 25, Fort Lauderdale 19, New Orleans 18, Hollywood 17 and Patterson New Jersey 16. That's pretty impressive for you. How many people have Patterson New Jersey? About 30 man. And it's got 16 votes. I have to say that. Not a normal well-ming endorsement there by the residents of Patterson, the former isn't the Patterson New Jersey. Now, let me just suggest this to you. Anybody in this audience of any ethnic or other persuasion who would have the co-hones of the ignorance to say, we made Miami what it is today. That's probably not a good thing to say. You know? Do you want to talk about? Yes. There are those people here. All Miami wouldn't be crap. We made it what it is today. And then of course, well. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, where's the good? Why you want to date? Not today, but maybe next week. Okay. Have a good evening. WQA and hello. Hey, how are you doing today? Pretty good. I have a question. Do you think this would be too far-fetched of a hypothetical that pushed and completely knew this was going to happen and they let it happen? So they got an excuse to go to war with other actors? No, I don't think that happened. I mean, I have to, that's crossed my mind. It's probably crossed everybody's mind. But I just can't believe that anybody would be that cynical. But I do know. I don't believe I know it. That Romsfeld and Wolfowitz in Cheney that this crowd of neocons, they were waiting for something to happen. So as to use it as an excuse, which is why in the very day it happened, it was you read about him the Clarks book and Paul O'Neill. The very day it happened, the first thing they were talking about, especially Romsfeld, we got to get a rack. Now is the time to get a rack. This was the opening that they were waiting for. Yeah, I mean, because I didn't watch this thing where Bush is in a school room. And there's just like no real reaction from him. Right. If the Zip is already knew it. And he sat there for five minutes. Yeah. All right, buddy. You have a good day. You too, pal. Just keep that in mind. November okay. When you go to vote, keep that in mind. A backier mind or maybe in the frontier mind. Okay. What did they know? I still do not for life. I just stay away. The impeachment hearings are going on right this second. And again, I go to show you this pure mechanical thing with the American public. And what he's right wing fundamentalist. Here is Clinton. Oh, he lied about sex. So I'll fix thing and deal. Who doesn't lie about sex, right? Yep. What the hell is that guy? Did it with a price of peanuts in the price of gas? Well, I've by the way, President Bush. Thanks for that low price again. Right. Long as I live, I'll never forget that punk that smuck that called in a few months ago. Some kid giving us a smarty ass right after the Iraq attack started. Oh, thank you, Mr. President, for the wonderful low price on gas. We're going to have right. Yeah. And we got gas all right. Too bad we can't play those sounds anymore. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm looking at the website. Baltimore is in Maryland, MD, not ML. And Pennsylvania. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, PA, not PN. Oh, my God, Josh. Oh, my, PN, what else? PN. So don't be a PN. Thanks a lot, Palia. I appreciate it. We got somebody out there in the audience for the, I mean, come on, Josh. Philadelphia, PN. Yeah. I don't know what else. P-A-P-A, get with it. And what's the other one? Baltimore, Maryland. But you got for Maryland, ML. Oh, no. And the, and see, I've told you, the city's that it's pretty obvious, but you want to be a smarty pants. You want to show off how smart you are. And I guess you have. So the city's there obvious. Like California, which at least I know this he was born or he's got the C.A. Right. But I think that most, most people know where most of these cities are, but the reason we did that were the few of them like Rochester's because the, how many Rochester's are there? Not 30 man. Right. And then he even puts F.L. on Miami as if we don't know. But that that's okay because it was a great point of conversation and maybe you might actually learn something like find another endeavor or work. But we don't really like it paid something. Twenty-till two, look at this, there's that kind of leasing again, hold your hand up and they were the big line through a teeth. This was a fairly ineffectual two, the three hour session. Very good. Very ineffectual is so well put. It was a good summary. But it is a good thing that she's got that big gap because if you're going to lie through your teeth, it's always a good idea to have that big space in there. It makes it a lot easier. Just comes right out. 19. Two, the Mad Dogga, two from Augusta, from all those blue nose goofballs up there in Augusta or playing golf, man. They're doing it. Can you imagine, talk about green lizard? Wow, can you imagine how many he's pondered back up there? He is having a time of his life. If your mattress is telling you that it's history, it's time to get you a new one. Isn't it time to do the smart thing you called 1-800 mattress? Dialometres backs up everything they see in the advertising. The most important thing is that you're going to have to do it. If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it. We're learning how to explain when to be heard. Become a nation for someone to say. The night and play the watch, the bird, the ground. All the colds were ringing, the night and play the watch, the bird. If water's singing, you're going to have to dance, sing the part two. Absolutely. I just dropped something on the force and on panic. Do you panic a little bit if there's like a moment of silence? Yeah, I was wondering. Your job is done. Sometimes I do it on purpose. Seven hostage is free and Iraq five still held. Seven South Korean missionaries abducted by Iraqi militants were freed. They were five other foreign nation's remain hostage in the country, according to government and media sources. The South Koreans were among at least a dozen foreigners could not. Despite in continued between coalition forces and Iraqi insurgents in several cities, three Japanese and two Israeli Arabs continue to be held according to media reports. Not good. Getting worse every day in Rumswell's honor yesterday. But it's going, how is it going? Not a great comment. It's going, how it's going. How's it going, Rame? It's going, how it's going? 560560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 13 same-sex couples sue the state in New York on Wednesday. They seek to have the state law that tonight's gay and lesbian couples are right to Mary declared unconstitutional. The case is about ending the discrimination that's currently written into the marriage laws and the arts of Donna Lieberman, who I'm sure is not related to Julie Lieberman, Executive Director of the New York Civil Liberties Union. Plainist includes state assembly member Daniel O'Donnell on this part of 20th year, John Bada. I wonder what Florida Attorney General Charlie Quest will think about that. And representative Mark Foley, Pound Beach County. The NYC, I.U. of the American Civil Liberties Union and a private law from our representative Plainist, the lawsuit charges that state health regulations defining marriages being only between women violates the state constitution's equal protection privacy and due process provision. So there you are. 560560, Pound 560, I'm never going to be the same after hearing about how fat people make their dogs fat. I mean, I've done it, but then I at least had told for it and last few years of my dogs life, he was a happy camper. He was the big fat cow and choking a death like your dog is doing. No, he's very happy. How do you know that? He told you that? Yeah. I think he's very happy because your ID being happy is being fat. Constantly feeding that pin in your stomach. That's your ID of being happy. So you think your dog is happy? No, she's just happy. She smiles. Let's see. Here's one that says, hey, New York, why don't you put all the stuff you can't play on the ear in a two-hundred-or-radio CD? We're going to be doing that. Says Mike. Also, your show is fabulous. We're on to be too fabulous. Let's say before you go to the days since this fact, tell me or somebody out there explained to me this. When I was growing up in the Midwestering the 60s, my grade school days, I was taught that the only way for the U.S. to go to war was by a declaration of war voted by the Senate. Where went and why did this change now the president can order a strike without any checks? Wow, that's a big and ambiguous. In addition to which they did have their resolution, which, uh, Congress Weekly, the week they Democrats, of course, said, Oh, sure, whatever you say. And then now they say, oh, well, we didn't really mean that. They're all over the place. Like Kerry, you know, Kerry is, I hope he wins. I've got to vote for him 30 or 40 times, but he scares me, man. And he's gone. You talk about going from where he had all that momentum, you know, after winning all those primaries. Yep. And then everybody turned and supported him. Except because Senate, you still hanging in there because maybe he'll get to go back to Hawaii. But, uh, and now it's like, uh, he's gone from high gear and all that enthusiasm to, uh, like, low gear. He took that vacation. He came back. It seems like he's in a coma, doesn't it? So he's fucking traffic. You see his speech other day on the economy, my god, coma and do sing, he made day, day van boring seem exciting. And Josh is bored. That's quite an accomplishment. Huh? Isn't that what Josh just said under his breath? That's an amazing accomplishment. He said something about me under his breath. Probably when I did that. That's okay. And I noticed he still hasn't changed his spelling. Now we're even with you. Okay. It's one thing to be lazy, but it's another thing to have no, uh, self respect. Remember I can't, I can't change it. I can only add it. Remember why not? Oh, you can't change it? Nope. Oh, then Eric that Nazi Eric up there in Orlando. He only allows, uh, Josh or whoever is the, uh, Funky of the moment. He only allows them to do whatever Eric decides they can, well, how about if he screws up out here and makes us all look bad, Eric. So maybe Eric oughta get on there and do it. So we don't have to look like a bunch of idiots. Fill it off your PN. PN, my ass. And Baltimore, ML. 518 votes on there. Let's change it around. Come on. Pretty please. We look so stupid on our highly. And I will say this though. Terry, uh, coplay more than made up for any other depictions he's Eric. My dad, do you see that picture? Yes. Am I right, pretty, and good? Pretty, obviously that's pretty. That's not a very recent picture because he's like 43 or something almost 43. But, and maybe, or maybe very well preserved. But that's a fine picture that makes him for some of the early week ones. We had like that one at the Lucy Loo. Oh, God, Josh. No, no, no one responds those states like that. You know, you don't think Lucy lives good looking? I do. You know, when your dog was out in the backyard and gets in that squatting position when he leaves on a ground, I wish I can't get to graphic now. Yes. That's what I think of the way Lucy Loo looks. But you guys have a great time and have a field day. Hey, spring of the savings right now and save like never before. And the new car truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. They're on US 120 minutes south of the 836. And Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead's worth the drive because they're going to save you so much. They're going to save you thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out the great leestials waiting for you right now. And oh, for a camera or four, I just told him 69 to month before he had months. How about an old four, highlander, you pay only 309 a month. Need a truck? How about an old four Toyota to tender the safest truck in the country. You pay just 179 bucks a month for 48 months. And these are just a few of the savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. General manager David Rich and the staff will do just about anything out of the sun to make sure they get you a deal and put you in a great new Toyota today. Experience the Armstrong, Toyota Homestead difference locally on an operated committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. The service department so but a week nights late to late to make sure they get all the work done for you. And it's easy to find them. They read US one in 2 93rd Street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the 836. And Armstrong, Toyota Homestead, listen to this off as your free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life. You heard me right. Tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else does that nowhere. So in almost your time at those mega dealers, the car giants will always give you a big song in advance. Do the smart thing called David Rich the GM at Armstrong, Toyota Homestead right now called 305242 3247. That's 305 24232 47. Travel little and save a ton on the great new Toyota at Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead. 526356 324 2 The middle eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a griscer nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing. Forget about Korean. The nooks there told you nothing right when you're stealing it over and over it too are it. That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. 3,000 people killed are now forgotten. Let's exploit him instead. Hey there's oil to be content going after sit down to play Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of the name been loaded but no one seems concerned of the incomplete places. Believe in every word of this cartel it's been a station that controls us by fear through the EMI. The EMI population and the right wing is stealing it over and over and over to our heads. And Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now not see ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying I know beating and cattle don't have any reservation. Out of provoke, battle and world annihilation. Old regime must fall and have a virgin and stoke with no objection at all. There's a crackstone at the falls and the right wing is stealing it over and over to our parade washman. Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. The only Iraq has some weapons of past destruction. Okay so we're just about done here we got the mad dog coming next from the golf thing. From the master's baby and you know what's actually is that's the biggest pilot crap. The most prestigious, most prestigious, blue nose look down on you know that all of them other flunkies and certainly them women that would like to be that they want to be people and women. Anyway what Americans city that used to love is turning into a toilet. A sewer a outdoor septic tank and look at that Miami nobody can touch us baby 295 votes. Key West is second 56 and Detroit being having 36 Atlantic city New Jersey. Not bad. And Eric thanks a lot for covering up Josh you say that's the night by by. I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated.