I'm going to you QAM.com I'm going to be going to go to Goa.com Goa.com Is that what they always say? Keep up with me. This is important. I was gonna make... Goa! David and Danny... Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. David and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. David and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. Goa for Boa. I don't know what it is. Whatever I want, you're all sort of a bitch. Yeah. Listen, you'll just keep the mind one thing. What ring do you want? I'm plotting. Uh, the stench of Kalmanaur is hovering over his room. What are you going to add to my buffet? Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there Up there. Down there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. You up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up there. Up here. Who? Up there. Up there. Up there When chill is minus 21 in Toronto. That's why I'm here. Chillie. 1003 at 560WK. That's why I'm here chilling. Hey, listen, chillin. I've decided that I'm just gonna get long with everybody. That's why I'm just gonna get long while I'm here. These two or three whatever it's gonna be a couple of weeks. Just get long with everybody. Why not? All my good clothes, personal friends and even those who aren't, you know, chillin up. Why not? CHU-M-Chum, Toronto. Yeah, that was the big A.M. Rockstation back long, or 1050 on the dial. That's the WMGM in the York 1050 on the dial. So if you'd like to live in Rochester was great cause the pen out which way to win was blowing some days you'd hear CHU-M some days you'd hear WMGM in the York and some days you'd hear them both at the same time. Which was great. It would be like me talking and playing like this. Which after a Friday when a book comes out of one o'clock that's a Friday is D-Day that these days for disaster or could stand for Danny or it could stand for Dave and Danny. Dave or it could stand for adult rhymes with that either Pope. I can't believe it. It goes to show you if you give an old koot long enough time after about 100 years and he Pope finally writes an article that says something I can't I'm shocked. Thank the Lord that I'm here because I I'll admit that if I was to do the show from Toronto even though I would read both websites I would never read the Eddie Pope column on a bet. Oh wait a minute. But now that I actually have it in my hand of the hero too here it is day after Dan. Wolf says no to job. Well Ron Wolf said he's going to not come in but Eddie the Pope says marino hiring is just a smoke screen and you know what I'm thinking? I'm so rick a ruckus. I was going into the Pope who is probably next to Joe Rose the biggest marino lover in the history of mankind. In fact in the article is a really is really kind of a cute line. Do I dare read it George? Please he says uh really? He says look I've always been a marino man. I'm saying no Schmidt. Wow what a shock. He says never blamed him for never winning a super goal. I mean his head was so far updandy's ass that Joe Rose had a win in line. But Eddie the Pope finally pulled his head out and gets to get a little air or something after all these years and looked around and said guess what this is a smoke screen you're not fooling us and whoever the hero put in a picture of Danny he ought to sue the hero for millions. Look can you see it in there? Can you see it from here? Okay barely. The Danny is not open there. He looks like a mannequin. All you need to see other the strings. He looks like a puppet his arm is like stilted up and he has got mouth wide open like that. I mean realize you know any picture can make you look like whatever you want. He looks like a puppet. He looks just like a puppet. I'll put it for you. Something next to my point was yes. I mean that is uh everybody's got to take a look at that picture man it's on the front of the sports section of the hero. By the way Nathan Horton's hurt in that poor kid what a great player he's going to be. But the panthers suck wind again last night. 8 million shots against poor Bobby La Lunger again in Edmonton. They lose four two. Actually was four one. It was almost over. They got blown out 16 to one. They got shot in the first period. And before for one go stand on the set it would have been 85 to two very ugly. At least one last night against Calgary. But it was five major injuries that's going boys. No hockey talk we don't want no I know somebody called the mad dog I'm driving home when we know today and somebody calls him and says what about that wind and against the flyers and Nathan Horton and you never heard anybody move on so fast. You would have thought it was Chambha I mean even Chambha would have been a little longer I think than poor hockey guy. Try to talk to the mad dog. Well we don't want no hockey talk on his sports on his football stay on his dolphin station okay you better get with it on your Danny Dave and dolphin station it's in 3D. What did you tell me we're broadcasting in now? HD. Forget about that no we're in 3D now. Danny Dave and dolphins all day all along all day. Right boy better get another person to hear it help us out. I'll say Danny you say Davy and then we need somebody called Danny. Davy. dolphins. Oh see I can do it I can pull away the two I'm getting paid for two so I can pull away. Danny Davy. dolphins. Danny Davy. Day after Dan Marino hiring just a smokescreen I'll get to that. Any pop com I was going Eddie old coot man you've seen how old fart. Before we talk about he's the Rascal House of Sports he is to sports with Dave Barry is to humor. See I don't want to go into it I don't want to get because I'm in too good of a mood. Had our heard Howard this morning Mo talking about the whole deal and so Gellies have another kid. Oh I don't know if you were in his position would you be having a second child? Oh I guess I'm asking the wrong person. It always up to one. Oh man hey Gellie if you keep that thing out of there a little while maybe you know that's that's for the catalyze to do that. I always have a bun in the oven like the latinos sometimes something. Venus, cow rats, black and the humans don't do that. Don't do what have huge families. I mean the old country right. Now I'm talking about here it has to do with skin color are there a little bit more practical. Now what does that mean it's a racial fan? Yeah. Cubans don't go to UM. I don't believe that or plenty of Cubans on a baseball team even back when I was doing a games. We had Alex the Jesus and Frankie Castro the family's in the old country. What's about anything? Huh? The family's in the old country would have a lot of kids and we had the how we should pure. He was Cuban. Anyway how's that pull from yesterday? What we had a phenomenal response yesterday? Tremendous first we took let me just again in case you were like hiding under a rock somewhere what don't I do with that to dust steal it? Only kidding, dust relax. All right he is such a nervous nilly man and I can't blame him. He's another victim of this joint of this place. This business. I don't want to like pick on our friend there, Dick whatever his name is. But does those Connecticut School of Broadcasting spots? I like to put him on him. Well he's seen us in case of good guy. But I don't want to like discourage anybody from going to his joint given a lot of money. But don't get in this business. I've been telling people that for a long long time, many, many years. Go to it. This is the worst fug in business. It's just awful. And people would say well how can you say that you're sitting there on your ass over and up a big mouth and making all that money? Well, there are always our sections. And the fact that the matter is that you know two strokes later and just having me for two of this ability to stick through all of it. But most people just don't have the four to two to put up with the bull crab. And that's basically what this business is. This crab. Oh I'm not before I get to this. I don't want to get anybody nervous. But see this, this, this is just a work out in here. I'll see. No, it just doesn't delay out of this room as awful. You want to see the layout ahead and Amsterdam? Boy, that was, it was, if your arms, if you had like alligator arms like a certain people we know, you know, what's alligator arms in reverse? Daddy long legs like plastic man like arms plastic man. If you had long arms, then it was fine. But that thing was a joke. I was going Bob for both you idiot, but you got to free me away anyway. I think he bought it. I think Bob were moving on the company to him because he's corporate, you know, and by the way, Bob for both in the George Corse, so we're getting pretty pissed off and tired of waiting for you to get that other computer fixed in any other room. So that we actually have a functional studio here. I know you don't care about it and you hate us like poison, but that's beside a point. And stuff said if you don't get with it, pretty soon he's going to start crying. And nobody said this morning. He's going to start tearing up again if you guys don't get on top of it. Get with it. We'd like fix it coming in here in top of shit, but he knows nothing about that stuff. He's good with, you know, like the advocacy's real good and operating that. Huh? He's a little kind of an old fashion guy. Can't you tell by looking at him? He's a 60's burnout. He is. I like fix it. Okay. He's a good guy. He just don't know nothing about putters. Anyway, terrorist spam or a genuine threat. I don't want to get anybody nervous, but BBC news says they reported today that intelligence agency are investigating a series of internet warnings said to be issued by Al Qaeda about major terrorist attacks on the United States. The messages posted on several Islamist websites include claims that entire city could be destroyed. This week, a statement said to be from Al Qaeda intelligence services. Warms account out to hit America had begun. It'll be even stronger. A bigger strike than nuclear weapons. So be prepared. Oh, Muda Hadine Holy soldiers, it's the statement concluded that in the lesson American, it's allies with Dr. From Iraq, Afghanistan and all Islamic countries, the organization had ordered the elimination of US leaders and their supporters. Another statement repeated three times in recent days. Was posted on Islamist internet forum called the Muda Hadine Network. Well, I've been watching it. It claimed to be, I think it's so Fox News. It claimed to be from the Islamic nation of the American people and voted that its group now had the ability to destroy an entire US city. There were a lot of such messages on the internet. Some not necessarily knew when their office are hired to identify. It makes it almost impossible to determine whether these are really our final warnings before an attack. Like those of 9-11. Just wishful thinking by al Qaeda sympathizers. But US and UK intelligence services are taking the messages and their content seriously. It says, now it's pretty obvious that they're taking serious, which is why they reduced the threat levels from orange to yellow. Right. And it like, isn't there like a logical progression there? That's from the boy. So take it with several grains of salt. Call us in a morning. Okay. We'll do the Danny Boyo. I'll give it that result again in the other poll. I love the stuff to do here on a window. No more of that comedy but sour. We should make it that last week. So we sure hope you appreciate that and get on your hands and ease and kiss your radio speaker. Okay? Just give it a big wet one. You might catch something to the speaker, but that's okay too. Provinance after 10 at 5.60 WQAM. If you're in a really dead end job, if you're working for a PUTS. Oh God. If you're underpaid, here's the answer. New year's resolutions are going to happen automatically. Nobody's going to pull the strings like on Danny Boyo. You got to put your plans into action. Pick up the phone, call fast train right now at 866 fast train. Plasses are underweight this month. If you're committed and dedicated fast train can help you out to change your life in a really positive way, becoming a certified computer professional in just four count them. Uno does praise quadruo. Four short months. That's why it gets your new high pancareer just four short months. Uno do a trade quadruo. How do you like that? It's the same word with a Q though. See. Tinkway. Say, the demand for sort of a computer for professionals is an all-time high auto. Fast train offers convenient the evening and weekend classes, job placement, assistance, and financial aid for people to qualify too. So if you're sick and tired of being on a treadmill, your feet are moving, but your life is going nowhere. Call fast train today. Check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then call I'm toll free at 1-8-6 if fast train. Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Hop on it. Hop aboard at 1-8-6-6 fast train. And be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck told you to come. Gordon gives out Florida a major blow job. All right. All we're fine. He was young and a restaurant for the boy. He didn't know that she was gay. Boy until he noticed each time they went out. She went for the seafood buffet. Okay. Just look at all those dikes. Sister's now. Just look what they have done. The minute she comes home from work to the door. Well off her panties come. She laid it down to stop publishing the rosy bag. Let the laid off staff not paid. And Rose is girlfriend who's pregnant. Right now I guess she just only got laid. There is a girl with extra white jeans. Better chain or she's become. And she goes by the name of Rosey oldie in the house of the lesbian. He says he hasn't David and Dethany and Dolphins and the Browsky and all of that crap. It's 18. Of course don't forget the Rick Dudley who put the Dudley. Five games under 500. Not too impressive. Okay. To break the news. You've got a lot of fine youngsters in the organization but it's just an uno. Gotta go to some games while I'm here as a matter of fact. You're going to be coming to the Panther Games George. No. Always many things. Why not? As many as you can miss. Here's the facts that I just don't understand. Maybe you can interpret because you're a sports ace. Well it's gotten off and I don't know a little bit to do with sports. Looks like a crazy sport. Good morning. The oldie here the latest news out of New York. Boomer of science and you know the boomer of course. Want to give you a rose of hug and a huge kiss. I want to give you a kiss. Have a great day. It says I don't understand that. I must miss something free hugs and kisses. They're going around. The boomer wants to. He said he'd like to kiss it. Just sniff it a little bit and kiss it. That's what he said. I want to give you a kiss. He leaves me limp the boomer. All of those ex-gences. Well not Danny Boy though. Who knows anybody see that picture in a hero? I'm sure I'm not the only one who noticed that. I assume for 50 million. That's what I would do Danny Boy. Then you don't have to take the job and embarrass yourself. He doesn't have to take the job. He doesn't have to take the job. Danny? Right. Maybe Wayne made of an offering couldn't refuse. You know what I mean? Oh, who knows? Marino, Harry is just a smokescreen. Rot any of the Pope. I'm ashamed that any of the rights are just scandalous, but very honest piece. At any rate, let's see the first poll we did yesterday was about the whole Danny Boy situation. Danny and Dave and Dave and Danny and Wayne and that of course don't forget Rick Spielmeister. You know about Rick Spielmeister? No who? Rick the Spielmeister. He's the new GM. He's the Spielman for the organization. Anyway, 582 votes yesterday. What's your take on the Dan Marino hiring? We had it. It's a PR stunt to pacify the doll fans. How many of you for almost 32 percent are buying into the edit poop thing? It's just a PR stunt. You know, he's just going to be a face man. Kind of like the president. Oh wait till we get that stuff about the Apollo and Neil book, which I got to go on by today. By the way, you didn't remind me. You didn't call it on me. Oh, go on by the book. I just was too lazy. Watch him too much hockey last night. How about that Brian McCabe, baby? All right. Nice going Brian. Stick another one in there. Danny's a winner. I like it. 161, 27.6 percent Danny's a winner. First what this has to do with that. I have no idea, but nevertheless I couldn't give a Schmidt less. 121. That's almost 21 percent who just really just exhausted by it already. Just in a couple of days. Can you imagine that about three months when you're still doing Danny and Dave and Dave and Danny and Rick Spielmeister? It won't change the thing 93 and I smell super bold. Oh, the stench of commoner. It's a 23 votes on that one out of 582. That was the first half of the show yesterday. Now wait till you hear this. And we do want to apologize profusely. Both Moe and yours truly want to upon not. I want you to understand. I don't want to get overboard with this thing. Or can't fact I'm hoping Moe is less than tuna. I don't want to get a little bit too carried away. It's like if like there's an nasty divorce in your separation. I like a year and a half later after a nasty hostile separation. I like on the first day. You don't want to like jump in a second and make mad wild monkey love. You don't want to say I'm over you do? Yeah, yeah you do. Oh, why don't want to do that yet? So then you might as well. And I noticed Moe this morning made it very clear that yesterday during our big meat out there in the parking lot. We were sitting on separate benches. He pointed about that. And that is correct. We will not be sure in the same seat. And anyway, the question was what's your take on a meal in Moe reunion? And as I started to say, we want to both apologize because this town thrives on hate and on division and on animosity. And so the fact that we had the skewed going on for a year and a half and the fact that we kind of meant it our fences now. We're like, you know, living amply side by each. That pisses a lot of people off. Well, tough to be. That's what I have to say to you. Okay? Because life is too freaking short. And I'm not suggesting that Moe is my best close personal friend now or likely ever will be. I think that's highly unlikely when you agree. Yes. What? Well, I'm not saying that. But at least though we get along fine. We see it where each one is coming from. And that's the name of that tune. Even the beast. And I got to say this before get to these poor results because I want to milk it. Even the beast is one of those people when you when you see him. But you know people like that, you can be mad at them from a distance. Right. But when you're around them and you see them and you can't stay mad at them. Do you know what I mean? He's one of those people. And you went through the whole thing yesterday about how you feel sorry for him. Right. It's the schmoo factor. He looks like the schmoo from Joe Paloca. Just a big ball of cuddly. I'm not going to contribute to the grief he's already got going on in his life. What is that mean? He's got enough baggage without people disliking him. And you know what I mean? No, but I'm saying when you and I can't I wouldn't agree. I don't think Moe would agree with this part. But I'm only speaking for myself when I see him. Like when I come in this morning, the first person I see in a bullpen in there sitting there pretending to be doing some work. But I actually look in a porno sites. It's the beast. And I just I can't be mad at him when I see him because he's just sad side. You know, it's not just that you want to like him. He's one of those people. It's got a effervescent personality. You want to like him. He makes it difficult to do. What is a jolly fat man? He's a very good. He could be sandy claws. He's a Jewish sandy claws. He's a jolly fat guy. You know, if he's a peeperotic as Miss, he keeps it up. He'll be a jolly dead fat guy. But nevertheless, there's that d word again. Dead. But not that's true. He better cut the crap. He could be said a clause. Santa Claus right for Hanukkah. For Tanuka. Anyway, we asked yesterday what's your take on the Neil and more reunion and we had 1213 votes that is shocking to me. So that means 582 and 12 are we had like 1,800 votes in one day's worth of polls. That's more of votes than the QM polls on their website gets in six years. In fact, not even six years. How about 30? Yeah. 1800 vote. That means there must be somebody out there. I don't give a Schmidt. 458 said that 38%. Well, I find that to be rather insensitive. Don't you? I don't give a Schmidt about our personal feelings here. In sensitive typical soft load excellent shot. Who's Mo? 229. Oh, absolutely. I'm shocked, but dismayed 228. See, shocked. But dismayed. In other words, it takes the joy out of there. And now we're still going to be playing the Mo bits. Right? Of course. We have a couple of new ones that, in fact, at one about the Davian in the Danny. You know, that's a character. Basically. Yeah, I was thinking that when I was shaving this morning, it's a miracle. I didn't slip my throat. No, no, seriously. It's amazing. Boca Brian, which I'm a big, big admirer. A huge fan of the work he does is a genius. A little bit off, but a genius. You can't have one without the other. But he has created these characters who are even so much more interesting than the real people. I mean, the Mo on there with all the respect to my new friend, Mo. The Mo that he created is certainly much more entertaining. The guilty he created is just phenomenal. And the Greg Reed who sounds like Jack Benny is so much more not only entertaining and interesting, but at least visible. You know, audible, visible. He's at least around as they should have. Those characters should have. Those characters should go. Those characters. Those characters. Those characters. Seriously. In fact, I'm going to mention that tomorrow. Why does he just like to say make that suggestion? He can take the checks, take the money to the bank and just sleep in later. We did a turn on a radio, laugh his ass off. And we just have the Mo, guilty in the Greg Reed show. And the, honey, it was by Joe Rose and Managed. Right. And the broke of Ryan can be like the Hans Conrad of the show. He can do all the voices. You know, like the Mel Mel, what's his name? Brooks. Not Mel Brooks. Who's the one? Who did all the voices? Oh, Blake. Mel, my, I was close. See Mel. Mel Allen. Mel, blank. Mel Brooks. Any other Mel with smell? The same. Because they're all dead, right? Isn't Mel Brooks dead? Yeah. So wait. No. No. Brooks isn't dead. He's not. We got that website of bookwork. I don't want to look at it. It's more fun. You're sure Mel works isn't dead. I'm not sure. What about Mel Blank is dead? Oh, yeah. Mel Allen is not. He's not even more anymore. Mel tour me. He helped her. May is very dead. Anyway, Shock, but this may, 220 and I really pissed off about the end of the feud. Greg Reed should have done this a long time ago. In other words, solving all the problems one away. He isn't. See, Greg doesn't solve problems. He creates them. That's what he's here for. He creates problems that he runs away in hides like a petulant child. I'm shocked, but please, 108. Well, it's bad for QAM 57. It's great for QM 26 out of 1215 votes and emotional outpouring of response from the psychotic soft old audience coming in a close second to the Danny and Dave and dolphin situation this weekend in terms of local news that make it in the newspapers that any of our student. I wouldn't be surprised on Friday morning if votes Jim Sarnian very jackass right, a very humorous piece. When you'll be expecting that this week in their broadcast sports columns are humorous piece. Right. I'm a sports section about the me and Moa reunion. Oh, the ginger and Moa reunion. You're expecting it? No. Because it's a bunch of deadheads in this town. See, if you look anyway, Chris Selkha, which writes a broadcast on a year column in the, I think it's a Toronto star. And it almost every day he writes it, not just once a week. And he actually says something, you know? Actually, and then he'll rip somebody in the answer. You know, that's a good. Like a real column. That's pretty interesting to read, too. I just mentioned that in passing, Barry and Jim Sarnian, boy, I've done a one thing between Jim Sarnian, Barry Jackass, who's the lovely of those to them. He feels beautiful. They make me feel fabulous when I look in the mirror. 27 past 10 at five, 60 WQM, dial a mattress. So make your back feel fabulous. And the rest you too. That's why you ought to be on a phone right now. dial in 1-800 mattress. And getting yourself a great night's sleep for the entire rest of the year. That should be it's only the 14th of the month. Not too late to make a new year's resolution that you're going to sleep good every night. Because when you wake up at a morning you've had a great night's sleep. You feel refreshed. You save yourself. It's a Mahaya, even the Chinese say that. But if you get allows you night's sleep, if your mattress is worn out and bumpy, you feel like crap all day long. So celebrate the new year in comfort with a great new name brand, Matt Prison, Unbeatable Price from Dollar Mattress. And they're proud to announce that they've added Stearns of bananas fostered their already strong, unbeatable championship lineup. Stearns and fostered is the finest mattress made in the country. And I can sleep on one of soon as tonight by making that one easy call 1-800 mattress. Or if you like Seely Better, or sort of Simmons King Quar tempered to all the top names, they can hook you up with that too. Because they carry dozens of models from all the top manufacturers. And like I said, it unbeatable. Every day load discount prices, no bait and switch. And only Dollar Mattress lets you choose any to our delivery window that meets your schedule any day the week seven days from 8 in the AM till 10 p.m. With low prices same day delivery free set up and move loads easy to see. By Dollar Mattress is ranked number one by everybody with a brain and customer satisfaction. So do what I've been doing for years because I'm smart, not like some people dumb. I'm smart called Dollar Mattress 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES or for more info check them out of the web at mattress.com. One pill makes you drowsy, and then also makes you a high. If the ones my house made gave me, they may be a kitchen of a time. Go ask world up. You're a shuffie, be well supplied. You can eat my balls. Founding them poop balls, you can really earn, bring me to a higher asshole plate. I can have a grown from, you're not getting busted. Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place. Go ask world up. You can get you some worse than a handful of poop balls. You can find my subocats and ready to build both of us the birds you. You can always see. In other dissenters, friends, let's extract the gold out of their teeth and donate the proceeds to the R&C. As a show of blind support, we're our glorious leader. Go ask world up. You'll get through your show by putting the logic out of proportion to justify your ceiling-hage out my ass. I'm talking backwards by getting a headrun. Oh damn nice little thing. Guys, please go. Yeah. Remember what rush will boss in? All drug abusers should be fed. Copper couple for us rush. That is why rush. She 1033 and 560 WQM happy Wednesday too. Let's see mad dog at two the hopper rich four four dual six forty five kind of a tough assignment for a bad clue. That was then you got her a cool and real warm up. This is the schedule I gave yesterday to get you prepared for tonight. Her clone warm up six forty five advanced warning. Seven o'clock her a cool basketball at the North Carolina. Anycalf the basketball game in Joe and Mark overnight in the dark. Am I close personal buddy? Moan Geldy in the morning in Joe Rose. There's the whole line of free. But that great. I heard about all these. They talked about how people could learn a little something about this business for me. Yeah, like Greg Regiment. Is that who we're talking about mad dog? Greg. All right. Anyway, so big Arnie says I think it's great that you and Howard make peace. We Jews got us together. That's what Mara Lansky said too. So let's not get too carried away. That's what bugs are used to say. Bugsy Solomon. Not T-go. Or is it mugsy Solomon? And anyway, here's another fact that said did you see the winning ad from move on dot or you know, we appreciate your enthusiasm folks. But sometimes you people treat us like we're bunch of Sunday school school children living in a cave. They go to our website and your Rogers.com, our award winning world famous website, which is only going to get better very soon. By the way, you'll notice that the first story. Thanks Eric for the great job. By the way, I sent it to him about an hour and a half ago. It's the lead story on there. Published on Tuesday, January 13, 2004 by the San Francisco Chronicle. And if you click on the story and then click on the original story, the link to the original story, there's a link within the story to the bus show in 30 seconds thing. You can see the ad. Right. Good ad. That's good. Not my favorite. I didn't vote for it. Maybe. But at any rate, it says the one depicting young children working on skilled menial jobs while a question is who will pay off bushes trillion dollar deficit. Supposedly it'll be shown during a super bowl. Somehow I see Fox or whatever network is broadcasting event, rejecting the ad that will be typically disgusting. They'll take the money. I'm sure. It's a kind of money to get in for those ads. They'll take the money. So click on it. It's the first story. And then go to the link to the original article. And then within the article, you'll find the link to the ad. Take a look. Take a puke at it. And see what you think. It's good. I still don't think it's the best one. Here's another facts from somebody who just can't control itself. Neal, the reason I fact that letter is your rose can't stand a boomer. Well, you know, I don't see. I don't use sports nerds out there. You don't understand. We got bigger fish to fry than freaking boomer a size. Plus doesn't have some kind of kid that's got like some kind of a uh, or yet some kind of a, I don't know is kid died or his some kind of a thing, you know? I don't like picking on people like that. They got personal tragedies. Do you? Yeah. What do you do? Well, depends on the tragedy. Sports be. It was something bad. I don't know whether we had a kid that died or had some kind of a horrible disease or he's off my radar to take on him or not. The boomer. Yeah. Well, you better get with him. Mr. You better know the boomer. So are you just the aim with a Schmidt? Okay. Now, here's today's poll question. It's going to take a long time the whole day. Now, you're going to be emailing these to Eric. Is that the conversation over what we'll see? Yeah. After fashion. Well, though, you can write them down. Right. Or I know I'll write them down. And then I'll periodically facts of the update on the list. How's that? I can write them down. There's a reason that I emailed them to him. Why is that? To expediate things for him. Yeah. I ought to be able to do it. I'm cleaning. Well, are you saying that's because you got that crappy old computer interview? No, of course. Well, I would say that. And because you're engineering department will give us absolutely no assistance whatsoever. And because muff is to busy running around crying like a little girl to like make them get there with it. See, he talks to good game them up. My string. He means well. That way, well, he means well. But of course, he's just a weekling. And of course, the program director. He's nowhere to be seen because he had a flat tire this morning. So we had to cancel his 85 very important meetings, including the one with Mo. That's clearance for you. Kind of like I'm sure he learned it from his superior. He only has one superior. And that of course would be great. He learned how to avoid and evade make all kinds of excuses, not answer messages, things like that. And he's learned fast. Here's the poll question that will be building during the show. And of course, I got a pile of stuff that's probably much more important. Who was your favorite all time? Are ready wrong? Who was your all time favorite TV character? Not TV show. We've done that a million times old boring. Not actor actress boring. We've done it many times. But who was your all time favorite TV character on any show? Archie bunker and Frank Cannon or the two we started with. Could have started with a whole bunch more, but why not let the audience finger it out. Well, I want to throw one in. Who's that? Homer Simpson. Homer Simpson. Homer Simpson. Okay. George likes those homos. That's why we're sunish show. They're my best friend. Homer Simpson. Some of those homers are his best friends. Of course I like homers like you a boon. At any way in my client, Rick Junior Red. Dean wins non-body DC primary. Beauty contest and Washington DC. I just pass it along. Does mean anything. Howard Dean won the first vote of the 2004 presidential campaigns season yesterday. Although it was more of a voting night's rally, voting rights rally, then it tends to express a preference for a candidate. I mean, we're talking doing that debate about making Washington a state. We already have one Washington state and it's like a big chunk of land. If we're going to make cities into states. Any kind of silly? Let's have the 75,000 states have to make the flag a lot bigger I guess. I'd be like having a city the size of an entire county. Yeah. Like Jacksonville. We do have some. There you go. Well, Jacksonville can be a state. New York certainly would be like two or three states north of the York and the Long Island and whatever. Don't worry. You got five burrows. Anyway, the former Vermont governor got 43% of the DC vote followed by Al Sharpton 34% Senator Carol Mostly Brown had 12% and representative Dennis Cassinatio about how I'd eight percent. You go blind. I scored Dennis. The other five major Democratic candidates for the party's presidential nomination were even on the ballot. No delegates were selected. That comes later in caucuses for board the 12 turn out was higher than in previous presidential primaries. That's good. That's a good sign. You hear that? With 12% of registered voters casting ballots compared to 8.4% in 2002, which means we're going to get everybody out this November and kick some serious bush. Yeah. That's right. We're going to surprise the crap audio. And of course in Washington, DC, you know why we're glad to get all in people out. You do know that. No, because most of them are. That's right. Oh, right. Gotta get you dark folks to vote this. No, remember four or five six times will pay a good money no matter what it takes. Right? Right. And then if we don't get to deserve it, we'll pay off the people a die bold. And this time we'll put the fix in to put it and all this fascist crap. What's in here? The thing about the um, the o'neal book. Wow, o'neal book paints ugly portrait of the bushmaster. WQAM. Neil. Answer. I had a TV accent with Rick Sanchez about 30 minutes ago. Oh, no. Oh, my god. Wait, you hear that? He says he's just getting a call from the White House on itself when he's listening to Neil Rogers on the radio. Wait, you hear what he says. I'm listening to Neil Rogers' girls. He's Neil Rogers. He's had a crush on me for a long time. That's what he says to the girl he's on his show. Unbelievable. We can't we can't. You better watch him fast, man. You won't seem too long. The only guy who ever ran somebody over didn't get trouble for it. Right? There were a couple about this. Remember that? Yeah. What's that? The guy still dead? Get heavy rate day pal. Quit boring us with the old tired crap. Okay. Leave that to me. Jesus. Remember that? Remember that? Get a life you mindless idiot. Quick pick it up. My good buddy. Ricky Tickie. Spickey. WQAM. Well, yet that thing. Fishman. Effect a column pop robot with a ton of our listening to these some engineering assistance. I'm sure he'd be bored inclined to help them out. That's because they hit us like poison. You know what, uh, course. So see, course was big and deficient. Isn't that correct? I don't know. You'd like to take one of them big treble hooks and just stick it in his push. 19 to 11 at five or maybe even a couple in his back. Don't want to need to cheat would be good. 19 before 11 at five, 60 WQAM. If you're on a diet like everybody in America because we're all big and fat. The big thing now is finally after I've been telling you about it for years. Everybody's finally catching on to the atkins die and then the other low carb diets like the uh, what's the other one? Sugarbusters South Beach diet. Oh, don't don't buy that book, please. Or any other low carb sugar free diet. Here's a great story of the likes of us. Book of the number one low carb store in the entire USA and for good reason because they've got a Zillion over just like uh, oh, I want to apologize to Wayne. He didn't say gazillion. He said a Gillian. Oh, Danny's making a Gillian dollars. The number one low carb store with over a Gillian and a thousand low carb products to choose from including breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolate ice cream pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheese cakes and lots more. At the likes you're finding the water selection anywhere, you can try anything in the store before you buy it through open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and they carry the biggest selection back in products anywhere in the world which are unsailed today to our next Lucas all day every day. And of course the low carb diet is gaining in popularity all the time. You can't even bugger King. I got that story a little later on. You see Burger King is doing the good. Oh, Carl. You'll see the sandwich. That is correct. They're taking away your buns. So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the university. Liesowise Boca. You find the store on the northeast quarter of blades in 441 right next to Boston market con toll free at 1-877 low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B. or find them on www.locarb.com. There's only one delight to watch bookets your official atkins retail center. This is for Twitter. You way yeah. This holiday season. Don't visit the same old relatives with the same old stories, bringing the same old dried flower centerpiece. Make this year wonder remember and really give thanks with the Anna Kornakopia. It's a holiday treat that eats like a meal. Inside the Anna Kornakopia you'll find everything you need to make this year's Thanksgiving Day celebration complete. Just pop it in the oven. It's that easy. You don't need to set the timer. Okay, it's time to eat me. The Anna Kornakopia serves up hot and juicy with meaty breasts and thighs. No need to worry about leftovers. There's never any sloppy seconds when you're eating the Anna Kornakopia. It's finger-looking good. And for desserts? Hey, nice melons. Let's put some cream on them. Make this holiday wonder truly give thanks for. With the Anna Kornakopia, the most delicious spread you'll ever taste. Anyway, getting back to the bushing 30 seconds ad contest by move on.org. The winner is a child's pay by Charlie Fisher of Denver. The ad shows young children working on assembly lines. Checking groceries working as janitors. The ad concludes. Guess who's going to pay off President Bush's trillion dollar deficit. It was chosen from 14 finalist each attack in the policies of the bushing administration and adds ranging from hard hitting to humorous and an ounce money that is celebrity-studded gala in New York City. It was like I said, it was good. Not the best. It was good. Didn't get my vote. And they were either. They obviously don't care about my vote or you're either. Uh, Gary says as far as the beast is concerned. Not a very kind thanks about our good friend the beast says I wouldn't be so kind about talking about the beast. I was listening on Sunday and he was taken shots at you in George. Well, that's out of a bitch. He was mentioning how George records everything when you're in the studio or in the John and feeds it to Neil for you slayed Iran. See, first of all, you can't even get a right. I'm going to record the stuff up in Toronto. Right. The second one to us and feed it to myself and fed it down here and fed it on the air. I'm feeding everybody. Says I'm personally not crazy about the beast. I wish they would take his fat ass and homer lists off the air. He doesn't do anything for me. But he does a lot for Clarence is what I'm hearing. You know what I mean? Squared square he catch my drift. In fact, he admitted to me this morning that he was the reason that Clarence was late this morning to work. Not a flat tire. He said he had a flat back to him because the beast wore my last night. And it deflated ego. Okay, here's some for our now Adam Stainins. Isn't this the same one? Right. That's why he just tear it up. Right. That's him. Correct. Okay. In addition to which we're not going to have a list of 6,000 here. It's just we don't want to impose an Eric that much. Do we? Well, I can't go to be doing that stuff too long. Does he know that yet? More or less that we're working on the bed time series. That way I'll be more comfortable in like doing like 20 or 30 or even some days 50 if need be to really have their website. Because we don't want to take too many hours of Eric's exercise time. That's right. Or too many hours off his eaten time. And also because look at this facts. Captain Kirk. Okay. I can't read the rest of this. It said to love the show. Neil God. Something. Okay. Whatever it says. Okay. Captain Kirk. There you go. You're right knees down. Yeah. How about baby Stewie? On family guy. What is family guy? It's not bad. Is that like a family tie? It's cartoon, but you will. So you will. Wow. Incredibly funny. Well, we don't care what it is. It can be a cartoon animated character. It can be like a Batman some action hero. The only problem is if somebody says Superman, what do we do then? We've had so many Superman characters. Did you not say it all the time? Yeah. But that's my point. There are you can't compare it to Superman from like, we don't know. We'd like Dean Gray. But then we would have to change. Or like with Jared Reeves. Which portrayal of a character? Why? It's all the same character. There are different portrayals. Okay. Well, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it on the river cry. Let's see. The audience doesn't care who what you rip as long as it's something. People especially down here love to hate. Well, no Schmidt. Congratulations on your per se pay a Cassidy. I wanted to mention that there are consistently excellent articles exposing the Bush administration in Rolling Stone magazine and a link called Slate Magazine available directly from the MSN homepage, correct or MSSlate.msn.com. Plates also got great stuff on the Democratic candidates and in their archives. Thank you very much for reminding me. You can never have too many websites. I do like village voice by the way. I mean, that's not the same great revelation. But the village voice got some great columns and we put several of my highly prestigious website. By when we got to do something with this list, okay? Because there's only three names. We probably shouldn't have put it up yet. Do you think you could take the pull down? I don't want to like get all over Erick's ass. God who would want to get near it. But no seriously. I don't want to like to put too much work on his ass. But the fact that I'm at a resistance, I'm putting up a pull with three and then right into it. Let's build the first animal put it up there. Right? It's like a Brooklyn Bridge. Let's build a nice animal stick it up. Oh, here's a good one from TomPain.com. I don't want to get too noisy today because they get some people very upset and you know what screw them? Fugum. Pearls wisdom. This is very short right to the point I like this one a lot. It says nothing in Noble's nation more than citizens who showed are the burdens of where it's at wartime. Nothing degrades the nation more than those who lobby for war while enriching themselves on its spoils. Think Richard Pearl. You can't miss in these days. He and his colleague David from are all over TV promoting their new book and end to evil. Their plan over throw Iran's government, blockade North Korea, force regime change in Syria, squeeze China, isolate France, pull out of the UN and more. It's a breathtaking blueprint, but there are incredible architects after all it was they who said that Iraq was teeming with weapons of mass destruction, that US forces would be welcomed with open arms, that who sane had ties to Al Qaeda, that Ahmed Chalabi of the Iraq National Congress would be a popular leader they were wrong on all accounts. And then there are Pearls questionable business deals, as he agitates for war he advises companies who profit for more. Last year for instance he briefed investors on ways to make money from US conflicts with North Korea and Iraq. Such controversies forced him to step down as chairman of the Pentagon's defense policy board, but didn't resign from the court itself he can still offer his clients to lay this inside scoop. This kind of track record would send most arm-shared generals limping back into private life, but that hasn't happened to Pearl. He still has the president's ear and not one interviewer, not Charlie Rose, not NBC's Matt Lauer, not CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg, has forced him to fully answer the conflict of interest charges. They should. Just as they should question his predictions about Iraq, because what's at stake is not just one's man's credibility, but the lives of the hundreds of thousands of men and women who risked their lives no matter where they sent the battle. Good column at compane.com. Richard Pearl, big tub of crap. Not seen son of a bitch, him and the wolf-awaited in a whole crowd, cheney, and their puppet. Everybody's got a puppet of figurehead. That's why this other thing and it makes me want a puke. CNN, all Americans like Bush's qualities, Paul said, well, I've got that right. In other words, he never stole a freight train. They like the way he threw down home. You know, proper Texas kind of yuck, yuck. What is that kind of thing? It means on the podium there. Yeah. And all of this coming right on the heels of that thing on 60 minutes. It's almost as though that show was never on the air. Right. Well, and of course we know that Paul and he is a bad guy. Everyone who played right field for the Yankees. You think any of those people watch 60 minutes? No. I'd even for 60 seconds. Maybe. Maybe before they get the, you know, remote and change the channels again. You go back to their football game. That's an overtime. 5605060, that's where we took the pull down nice going. Eric, well, let's you know, we'll get back to you. That's have at least you know, a couple of dozen on there before the cast of vote because when we get some other suggestions here, if ever, takes some damn phone calls, then then we put something, just oh, gee, I wish you would voted for this and your vote is so important to us. Isn't it? No. Yeah, it is. Right. It's important to Eric every time somebody votes under him. He makes $100. What? That's what I heard every, every vote that's cast in our pulling makes $1000. It's a pain. That's why Eric would like it by change the pull every hour. Yeah, let's do four pull. Let's do one every half hour deal because every, every vote that we get on a pull I make $10,000. Now, see, here you go. I'm throwing these away. Here's one with a list. I'm not interested in the list. This is got like 10 names on it. We have to like educate the audience here. We have to like reform this audience. A lot of you need to go to we, here you go. Al Bundy, Mike says, there's short and sweet. I can't. There's the question you ask and the one they want to answer. Right. The one they want to answer is how many characters can you name? Right. I mean, I can name you 50,000. Right. Maybe not 50, but leave out. But here's Mike who got it. I'm Al Bundy. Anna Rosanna Dana. What was, how about Ellie Anna Rosanna Dana? What the hell was her name? Rosanna, Rosanna, Dana. Rosanna Rosanna, Dana, she was great. God, I loved her. She's still dead, but I never find a hair on a piece of soap. How do you spell that? Just like it sounds. I don't know. Well, you'll figure it out. Rosanna, Dana. I don't know how to do it. She was the best. She was married to Gene Wilder 2. I don't know. She involved is a very funny guy, but he's been in some pretty crappy movies. What was that? We saw her streak. Yes. With him in Richard, Richard, Brian. I was, I tried watching that. I did watch it. But it was so weak. I saw her streak was pretty weak. Stir crazy was better. Okay. And what about your own Frankenstein? Well, go to that. Say it. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on your all-time favorite TV character. Let's get with it. Let's stop it all. Let's have a duty political stuff and be in so newsy. Although I do have WQM. Hello. Yeah. Grafts, pick the nail. Speaking. Hey, how you doing nail? Pretty damn good. I wanted to put a name into the poll. Oh, Uncle Arthur from BWIP. Uncle Arthur was good. Paul in. Yeah. Okay. You got it. Oh, okay. Thanks. Have a great day. He's still dead by the way. Paul in. All the great characters are mostly dead, aren't they? Oh, it can be from a current show. There are some good characters on current shows like, um, and then there's, uh, right? Well, you don't watch any good pressure. No, I don't watch any current show. You watch passions. You watch things that nobody else watches. Nobody watches passion. Nobody watches the maybe three other people and, uh, spike on Buffy the vampires later. Watch passions. You're so full of crap. All right. Patients has a cult following. Hi. How many we got? About 30 man. That's right. He's a Timmy dies. There's no point. Now since Timmy dies it's pretty slow. I wish this thing would Julian and Eve already. Enough with a passion of kissing and with TC and, uh, poorer with Neoji. My mother's a slot. Yeah. I mean, if we need more of Mrs. Wallace, we need more of Edda and precious the chimp. Mrs. Wallace, some bets, Ma with her with her colostomy bag or whatever she's got her diapers. She wears, she wears depends. Okay. She keeps paying her pants. Yeah. I mean, what other soap opera can you name it with the old scene I'll leave you the walks with the walkery ways in her pants and has, and her hair take her is a, uh, orangutan. Huh? Don't call him a, her a chimp. Though it's a orangutan who's in love with Louise by the way and his brother Miguel. Man, oh man, can you imagine the drugs they take before they write them episodes on passions? It's great. And we got the lovely Sheridan who's locked in a rubber room now. She probably wishes she was back down there and epit least she got a little fresh air. Huh? She's in a rubber room in a freaking straight jacket. Then we got Alistair, uh, Rally. Alistair who we never see. We only see his arms and his big, uh, Stokey smoking, which I wish he'd put the ashes on. At least the other day, finally, flick the ashes first time at about a year and a half. Flick it, just flick it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So I know you're right because I know how much I want hockey football. The new shows are not yet, but the ones on FX. I'm gonna say it again. I'm gonna say it again. I watched more and spot all these so-called sports experts. We have on this radio station. I watched more sporting events in one weekend than these people watching their lifetime. Just like all our so-called football experts during the football season. We got Mo and, uh, and, uh, mad dog for example, are at the dolphin game to win a game. Do they see any of the other games? No. They see a Monday night game. That's about it. Uh, hockey anybody in this station wants hockey beside me and get a little. No. No. So, I mean, I risk my case. But, oh, oh, oh, no, I don't know. He's just a pansy. You don't know nothing about sports. Right. Right. No nothing. Just like about how to Patriots were lucky. See even though Mo and I have meant it our fences to some point, this business about the Patriots being lucky. I forgot to mention that yesterday we were sitting across on our own individual benches. I'll remind him of that for the next chat tomorrow morning. 10th. 10th of the 7. Listen, like I said, let's not overdo it. The beginning. Let's ease back into it. You understand? I don't want to. You just want to jump into it too heavy duty. Okay. You know, if the beast closes the door too fast, you could lose about 16 pounds. Yeah, that might do it. Try give it a try. Close it real fast. Then they're in the door. Didn't work. See, is he just, I don't know, chorobic. Churubic? Sure. He's a schmobic. 10 58 at 5. 16 W Q M if your carpets need some help after the holidays. Now, if your guests have come and gone, if they've messed up your carpeting in your whole house, if you've had everybody trampling in the sampling all over your carpets. Here's the answer for you. Do I concepts? They've been around in town longer than just about anybody in the universe because they do such a phenomenal job. Nobody can touch them. No, where's I've used them in my houses for over 20 years. I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the work. And then they roll up their sleeves and they dry clean your carpets. Same ideas used to dry dry clean your car, clothing, and all the other good stuff. And when they get done, you'll be amazed. You'll stand there and look around and say, it looks like I just got brand new lead right there on my floor. And then it does look that great. Trust me, no matter how bad or hopeless your carpets look right now. So, always thousands of dollars on brand new carpeting when you have that carpet you got right now. Look and just like brand new, they're drying a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again. And don't forget when you call dry concepts, be sure to ask about their stand by list and how you can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Here's the toll free number to call. Be sure and tell them that old Neil turned in call 1-800-248-5071-1-800-248-5071 or log out of their website for more info at dropconcepts.com. Nobody, no where, it does it better. That's whole. You owe me the if. If my turn to go to your neverland, your father lies. I'm a little little. I'm a little little. I'm a little little. I'm a little little. I'm a little close. He's going to be right on Friday. We got the book coming out at one o'clock on Friday. Big day on Friday. Baby, Marka done in your calendar on the 16th of an arrow. Lucy Ricardo, get around there right away. Everybody loves Lucy. Okay. Lucy Ricardo. Now, some other asshole sends me an elist of eight million names and it's right on the circular file. Okay. If you call in and mention like more than one name, hang up on him. We will not put it on list. And if he facts me a whole bunch of names, I'll just make him into immediately. I'm going to have to start playing a bunch of wash with wash with you, people, man. It's so stupid. I mean, just look at the quiet. What's your all-time favorite TV character? Not what are your top 10. Now, what's your 500 favorite TV character? No matter what the question is, it's not just this topic. No matter what it is. Which person knows is your favorite? Washington Lincoln Thomas Jefferson Teddy Roosevelt at the R. Which one? Poland? They were they just answered the question. They want to ask a question. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good idea. We have a card out. Five. Right. Purple. Right. Pays. Sure. Purple. People leader. Oh, I guess you know something that's a great idea. Let's do that tomorrow. Okay. They can just call in answers. Listen, it's the word association thing. Here's the word of the day. No, listen to me. All right. What's the first word or phrase that comes to mind? Purple. Pays. Piness. See what I mean? No, it can be great. Oh, Brad Cramer. Oh, not Brad Cramer. Just Cramer. Okay. No, you're right. I don't want to know those shows. But Cramer, you got it. It's a busy laughing about penis. Who's the K? Cramer. Tom says I don't have a computer. Nevertheless, I'd like to send a donation to move on dot orders of ortho and I bush heads. Are there accepting donations? So what is the address? I don't know how you do that. Go into your computer. Yeah. Go. Go steal a computer. I bury because they got seven million dollars. They're going to do that. I could look it up in like a second. If I wasn't there. Oh, no. If that's what he can do is go to our website and go to move on dot or if he had a procedure right. It says don't forget Bush will have 200 million to send to flood the TV screens with false and we know that. That's why they're raising 10 million and that's why George source is kicking in 50 minutes. Did he add a phone number to his facts? I beg you pardon? The facts are that wanted to know the address. I just tore it up. I know. It doesn't matter. I can untarget up. Well, what do you mean by that? I'll call him during a break or something. You're going to call him. He'll only take a half hour for me to get the address. It's matter. Facti does have a phone number on here. It's just a shot of the shide. Okay. I'll shove it over there. Time a George will call you because he's such a great guy because we're here to serve and to help you out. That's right. We're here also here to beat the pants off abortion in November. Even to plea and all his right wing assels like that one in California. Why? Well, that's an old story. I remember how long ago I read that story about the words on the seven words. And I got wants to ban asshole that Jack Anse out there in California. Republican jerk. Sorry to be redundant. 5605050. Let me read the question again very clearly. Okay. Oh, and thanks so much for facts and articles that already been on our website like Eric Mark Goldis who's a great columnist and he Toronto son and believe me they don't have too many hard to lift up a till-of-the-hunt. But no wonder America has so many enemies that was from Sunday, son. Been there done that. It's been on our website. Thank you so much. And anyway, on-eal book paints ugly portrait abortion. Well, I love and 30 will put the pullback up students that are voting on your favorite character on one. Oneal book paints ugly portrait abortion. I wouldn't you think that somebody would have brought me in the book by now. I'd pay him for it. I mean, I got a port is right by my house. I can go through tonight or the right now. The way home. Right. I could do that. But I would like to have it right now. I should have done the yesterday, but it was too busy watching all the hockey games, including the least big category 4-1 and spread of their depleted lineup. But it had more people that line up last night that I never even heard of before. Who the hell were they? But anyway, they look pretty good. Thank goodness. Oneal book paints ugly portrait abortion. Former US Secretary Treasury Paul Oneal's portrait with a George W. Bush to pick say passive and superficial president sounds right on so far surrounded by right wing ID logs who elect the intellectual rigor or even the curiosity to think through the effectiveness policies. You know, something that paragraph right there should be on every TV show. It should be on everything on elf everywhere. Don't you think? Absolutely. I'm going to read it again and before I get to a little bit of the rest of it. And this is on our website. Oneal book paints ugly portrait abortion. At least I think it is. Former US Treasury Secretary Paul Oneal's portrait a George W. Bush to pick a passive and superficial president surrounded by right wing ID logs who elect the intellectual rigor or even the curiosity to think through the effectiveness policies. In detailed recollections of cabinet infighting and his own one-on-one meetings with Bush's recounted appeal to the press when he journalist Ron Susskahn, Oneal provides a rare insight into an unusually secretive administration in glimpses of a present with sometimes unusual priorities. Susskahn's book The Price of Loyalty for which Oneal was the principal source when on said yesterday, the Treasury Department on Monday asked for an investigation into whether classified document was displayed during a CBS TV interview with Oneal that aired on Sunday. Right. In the book Oneal says that, you know, somebody made a very good point. I think was Paul the Galon Crossfire yesterday. Look how long it took them to start the investigation into Valerie Plains outing at the CIA. Yeah. Because of the vendetta we can show as if Wilson or husband. Uh, there's still not to do. We still don't have any answers on that yet. But the day after 60 minutes airs on CBS and Paul Oneal's on there, Dragon Immout of the Closet, oh, well, we're thinking of conducting an investigation. And in Cory that is. Anyway, in the book Oneal says the tone of the relationship with Bush was said that they're very first meeting, where he was offered the job of Treasury Secretary. Instead of a detailed discussion, Bush was more interested in why the cheeseburgers eat ordered were slow to appear. He interrupted the talk to someone White House Chief of Staff and your card. You're the Chief of Staff. You think you're getting up to getting some cheeseburgers, Oneal recalled Bush saying card noted no one laughed he all but raced out of the room to get the cheaper cheever. You could have called John Bolushi, he'd have brought him. If he weren't dead. In the first White House reaction at the interview in the book spokesman Scott McCulland said Monday Oneal's criticism appears to be more about trying to justify personal news and opinions than it does about the results we are achieving. Right. What a lame comeback that is. Uh, we're talking doughed over it is what we're talking. Just like I've been telling you all along. But don't confuse the American public like that because it's the the S S H word that comes into play here. The S H word stupid. Never leave that on your side stupid. What was your all-time favorite TV character? We got our cheap bunker Frank Cannon, Hummus Simpson, Baby Stewie, Captain Kirk Al Bundy, Rosanne Rosanna Dana, Vid A Uncle Arthur, Lucy Ricardo and Kramer so far. Is that been a while? Yes. Okay. And not just said about 1130 11 o'clock plug. 10 minutes. We'll get it up on earnings start your voting. But in the meantime 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Look at that line. One's ringing even QAM. I didn't say anybody was on. I put at least those ringing QAM. Oh, Neil. Yes. I'm sorry. How are you doing? I actually was trying to go on to move on.org. And if you go to move slash on dot org, you're a Republican spin website. Yeah. Well, why would you do that? Or on the site? And I'm sitting here reading a bunch of articles and I thought they were kind of ridiculous. Yeah. Not so easy to find an address to contribute by now either. I think you need to send them your information and they send you a contributors form. Okay. Thanks. Move on dot org. It's all one word. I mean, everything that was all one word. M o v e o n dot org. It's pretty simple. Even a little shile could do it in between checking out all the porno sites. Move on dot org. Okay. Very, very easy. Everybody's got an excuse. Why? I mean, you know, I understand some people don't have the cash. Some people don't have a computer. Some people don't know where to steal one things like that. They could steal this one. They you could not only can they steal it. We'll give it to you. I'll hold the door open for you. In fact, you can add the computer and George Corso. How do you like that? I love how much your charge is for 3.05. 60. All the sopranos. Oh, what? No, f***. You know, f***. Well, man. Does this. It comes the project. You'll take the lips over the tips. Total f***ing. You know, mother f***ing. He's got a real f***ing out of two problems. When you pick me in the f***ing head, the words become blowing out your rays. For sure, I'm getting a chubby. There's two things I'm good at. It's pulling fence. It's a spot in good f*** ups. I'm not able to wait my own ass. You know that. You're going to this f***. I'm a babbling idiot. Can you just shut the f*** up about it? She could have been arranged. I'm touching f*** off. Can't just have fun to make a riser. You're stupid, mother f***ing, you know that? You f***ing piece of shit. Oh, I have, please. Don't start with that. The same business. What the f*** is your problem? Oh, don't f***ing audience with the pope. I bet you're very good to your mother. Fuck you f***ing one. You f***ing, you f***ing only, I'm f***ing data. That's nothing but a record for the Jews. Yeah, it's cry. How you doing? No, Zee. Get your money, God. I can't. That's got cholesterol. Can I just get some macaroni and gravy? That f*** you f*** you f*** you. Who's talking about when she said it's nothing but a record for the Catholic Church? 1114 at 5.60. WDQM. What was your all-time favorite TV character where we're getting inundated with the Eric Cartman from South Park? Got Cartman? Got it. All right. Hawkeye Pierce from Mash. Well, it just shows that some of you people want to just Herman Munster. Didn't he do the Tony Superann, or else why just play that? Basil Falty from Falty Towers. That's what they W of course. Falty Towers. George even knows that. Archie Bunker, we're everybody got that on there. My favorite it says. Thank God. Well, that's the idea. What's your favorite? I hate to be thrown all that paper out here. Right. We'll get the appol out there. Let them 30 in the knees start voting. Just relax. In the meantime, let's have about 4,000 more suggestions between now and 2 when a mad dog comes along. Here's that schedule again. Not 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget we got the heavy-duty snelty, the pants of game. Oh, wait. This is a mistake. Panthers aren't anthill at L. F. You're the right day. I'm not the right day. They're filled out. They're home against Philadelphia tomorrow. I think how else could we have been given away tickets to the Panther game? But it's not a be a home game. They just came home this morning. They would have been coming back here if they were going to Philadelphia. They just came back from Calgary. Like I said. So we got that game and we got the Panthers and Calgary on Saturday. Is that right? Oh, this isn't right. This thing is just, oh, you know what? This is last week's schedule. What is this crap? What is wrong with you people? This is last week's fugun schedule. I'm reading here. I'm looking at all of these things. Yeah, they weren't filling. They won over time for the three. The game is over. I bet you any outcome. I bet you Stevie Westwood's a winning goal in over time. It about 306 of O.T. Anyway. So I'm giving you all the wrong information. And nobody cares. Nobody says a thing inside here. That goes to show you man. No wonder clearance ain't showing up today. No wonder buff is in there with tears rolling on his cheek. I don't want to tell you which cheek's either. So look at this. We got, uh, I'm not going to see Hank. This week. He's not even here. I missed my opportunity. Hank is at the Crystal Palace in Bahamas this afternoon doing a show and again tomorrow. And, uh, oh no, he'll be back Friday. So we got the mad dog at you. The Humper at the Crystal Palace. He were came to warm up with seven. Hurricanes are saying John's at the 730. Eddie came to the basketball. Joe and Mark overnight. So we just had the wrong opponent. But we don't have no pants or game tomorrow. The pantiers are playing a Tampa Bay on Saturday. Right at the Mac Arena. So so what did that mean? What was that contest that, uh, I don't get it. Get what? That thing that we just had from yesterday was your cost. It'll be not giving you tickets to the Panthers and fliers. I don't even know when the highlight game is. And I'm looking at the schedule. I'm saying Thursday night's Game against the fliers. You people ought to be in jail, man. This is the most bogious freaking place. She and Toronto. I don't have these problems. Because you guys fast me the schedules. I put up in front of my post and it's all right there. And I know what we come in. I know what planet I'm on. Whether I'm here or in your rainous. But this is just a mess. This is a mess. I'd be embarrassed if I was you clearance and you two moth week sisters. The week sisters of the poor. That's our crowd. 5605050 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And what the hell kind of naked pictures is the Humper God to be doing his show out of town zone. There is crystal palace and I must have the keys to the kingdom. The old Humper. WQM. Yes sir. You have the sponsor macaroni grill on the guy's melting out of song into the back door. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I'd like to add someone to the pole. Going to head sir. I don't know the industry first when you're doing it. Who's it? Okay. I don't know the name of the character but the actor is Peter Boyle in the everybody loves Raymond the one that plays the father. Ray Romano's father. Who's that? Who's that George? I don't know. Well somebody will call they'll know. Somebody will fax me the info. And he was really good in a young Frankenstein also Peter Boyle. Okay and I don't love Raymond. Good. Thank God for that. Thanks pal. Oh, thank you. Somebody will call him with any of the characters Frank but I don't know. I'm not going to put down like Frank. Frank is not the name of a character. How about Frank can I think of they don't know the character. How about Frank canon? All right. He's already on the thing. He's over. I know that but I'm saying his name was Frank. Could be Frank anybody. Could be Frank's not for a. Did Frank's not for Junior just die or was that my imagination? That's your imagination. Are you sure? No. I saw crawl. See the problem. I look at that. On a bottom my screen the crawl now is so close to the bottom. New Nick to get 2006 World Cup opening something. I mean you can barely read the dancing. They got to shove down so far. Just like when you're watching certain sporting events. So they got to scream. Oh, and a mad dog was right yesterday. Who what network was it? Who telecast the Patriots? Uh, Tennessee game Saturday night. They telecast most of the game from this bizarre angle. I had a headache by the time I was done. My stomach was twisted from the tens of the game. But my head was pounding from trying to watch it from like this bizarre angle. And then and he's right. But every time they try to feel good, I'd tend to look like here we're kicking about 700 yards because it's like that that long, you know what I mean like ground view and you look up you think holy crap. He's got to kick it all the way to like a taunt and mass to the dog track. No. All the way to like a Washington street all the way to like a Paul Revers house all the way to a manual hall. You never been in Boston, huh? No. Oh, you'd love Boston. But they always ban everything good there You just you. Oh, that's usually like the food is great and it's a college town is like living and breathing And you just just ignore the Catholic church saying about how to her libabab. He's ignore how to do that everybody else does Just like an Italy. WQAM hello. Hey, yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. How you doing? Excellent. That A path of game versus the flyers is Thursday the 28. Oh, oh, why didn't they tell me that? Once again, they screwed it. I heard you do in the promo yesterday for Cache Bellow, but I didn't get a chance to call it See there reason I kept saying for Thursday night's game against the flyers is because they had last week schedule on there It's a defliers in the pants. There's not me. Oh, just getting sucked into that comes to find out that was about the game in fully last week Right, it'd be nice if QAM would send somebody up to silly, but God forbid. I don't think it's been that money. Hey, I Said you have fact that I wasn't listening earlier about the Fresh air show with the sub-skine and follow Neil today. Oh, yeah, so thank you. I'm glad you reminded me that I got it right here. Thank you I mean one of the times is doing your show, but then there's another time at three o'clock. So well, we're not gonna promote to one during my show I figured it was I wouldn't do that. And then you made mention of how quickly they opened up that investigation on Paul Neil Ryan and Valerie playing they haven't bothered Correct, I thought 911 one was the left time we heard anything further about that. Oh, we won't hear about that It's quite a few of these investigations that are in the back of the only hope we got there is that the wives of the and the other relatives of the victims are like Raising enough hell that they just stick with it that maybe eventually they'll hold their feet to the fire Well, hopefully some more people will come out and start talking now that Neil started the ball alone. Amen Thanks a lot pal. Okay That's Larry who said former treasury secretary Paul O'Neill and Ron Suskine Suskines appeal it surprised when journalists who's kind of official new book the price of loyalty is about O'Neill's observations of how the Bush administration operates They'll be on the NPR show fresh air at three this afternoon WXCL 90.7 FM and noon WLRN 91 pull we don't want to promote that one I don't care noon on LRN if they want to listen to it. Let's know regarding marino It says I think about the Danny and Bobby Bobby Clark if Danny is half as lucky as dark. He'll be here for a long time Cars about five coaches for gold tenders Robert Ash for Brian Boucher one of his recent trades not good Recently they lost the Buffalo 6 2 Pittsburgh to the one Florida 4 3 now we look forward to home in home with Toronto Well, that's why I'm going to go slow. We're gonna kick your ass. I hope We got lucky on that Flars are in a deep funk they can win a fist game now and leave sir trying to like pat some cells back from all these bad injuries even can't clean was it last night And we still want okay You got it you found all that hurt good 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line come on everybody go leave school Let's go leave school. Holy screaming I understand the game I missed because I wasn't here. I was an Amsterdam in December The game that was a four four time which must have been a hell of a third period. Nice come back to Toronto I understand that there was like almost 19,000 people are that night. They put a cell out in the box score and that about 18,000 number leaf fans I just mentioned that again in passing WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey, I got like the modern day Archie bunker okay red foreman What's yours he on he's on that 70 show the father from that 70 show oh with the anjden koocher But the father is the best in that show under the father's getting to me more too He's great that guy he's getting the most famous in real life though Red foreman Yeah, he can the George foreman Okay, I don't know what you're gonna tell you hi who is it? Hersey all right Right, like he's on a Hershey Hershey highway She ran her she loves me he listens he just don't have any sense of humor And I say I'm not gonna say anything now. I'm not gonna get me into trouble What I like let's just put all of the past behind us okay? Mo had a good idea that's all in our behind they said something like that Okay, tell them then he'll do you open up and said back them and then we are most slept them in the face see I That show would be even better if if he would do the things that you hear the sound effects on the I am broke a brim like maybe you're just slap galley in the head and we're so great have a turkey sitting there and you can snack the Smack the old meat and make it their light like Rick and Suds slap the meat Make it sound like you're slapping galley in the pussy would be great I'm not trying to like program our show now that we're getting really tight. We'll give them that drop. Okay, well, let's let's get this thing out. What do you say? Huh, we got oh no, we don't have all those other names on there if you emailed him those are what? Continuously I don't want to start anything between you two because the two of you are button pretty good I don't even mean the ineric we love each other. It's a computer Can't be tandem. I'll be QM hell out. That is why A no one's why yes, yeah, I want for your call. Okay It's actually The best in my opinion is the best show on TV better than sprang those curb your enthusiasm Larry David. Yeah, from the off your sign-felt show Yeah, curb your busy Okay, thanks, Bally. All right, I haven't read it. That's supposed to be a great show. I might even watch it someday, but I doubt it I just don't watch any of those shows. It's not a sign once I did see that totally the clip from at the other day I saw Larry David on there and I turned it right out that doesn't mean I'm not gonna this guy He's entitled likelyary David the show's ever good or on FX No, wait a minute is Larry David the name of the character. I thought that's the guy both oh Larry David plain Larry David Oh, his name is Larry on the show. I don't know what his last name is. I'm only gonna be David. Well, we can't just put Larry. Okay I mean that could be like Larry parks Larry fine Larry The fury Huh hats off to Larry by Del Shannon Remember that no, yes, yeah, you do of course. I had it well there you go. What's not to like Del By the way, Del don't do it. Oh, I'm too late. God damn it He blew his brains out because that runaway thing was a big hit in any head like runaway part two and runaway part three and let's run away and Spend the money Let's run away and buy a gun and blow our brains out I guess he chose the ladders what he did that's bad whatever And he did hats off to Larry that was his other piece man. Was he wearing a hat when he blew his head? Well, he was trying to actually blow off the hat I guess he missed is what to deal is that's the real story. There's the MS4. Obviously he didn't miss He missed the hat 27 past 11 at 5.60. You and we're gonna get these scheduled straight news My They're six Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the dead. It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family Oh, rookie dead if we need John Jello we What if I have a guy you didn't agree look at you Why don't you push yourself away from the table huh? Maybe have a salad once you know Don't you know how many the world's people have never had a decent meal again with its charity sweetheart Well, it's true Watching was pushing up days What was it back then you pushed it? You can be in the beer A fun event of our story all in the family Saturday night on CBS Rock to you by ideas home car Spondon school where you can learn order mechanics 11 31 at 5.60 W here. My Lexus carrying tin what tells you was that from dynasty one of those something like that Okay, anyway, let's just carry tin you got it Norman is that Ed Norton was that his name? No, yes, it was yes Ed Norton from the honeymooners and Beaver His name was beaver cleaver. How come this thing just went down way to hell down? That's okay Beaver cleaver from leave it to beaver and I got a thanks here. Oh, here's another one says how about that? Zell Miller from Georgia Democrat Supporting in fundraising for George W he's a Democrat like I'm a right-wing Republican okay Not even a new story. It's the same old side crab Another one in Dixie Crab strumming would have been proud Anyway, wait till you're this fast look at look at the length of this fact George Good God who was before Norton? Beaver cleaver no before Norton Alex Lexus carrying the uh got her Anyway, wait till near the unsigned of course length the bull crab facts I love it probably from a miss fudge in with herself Dear Neil, I still listen but not as much and I'd like you to know why You know the funny part of this is we have one bad month in the trend out of six years on this radio station Which we've had a couple of other horrendous months that always happens when they can't find your audience when to suppose get all the diaries or the Spos get all the diaries or when I watch her right wingers get all the diaries and happens and so they act like oh my god You've lost your audience. So yeah, right sure Then how come you're listening asshole and in my coz on to say not listening as much so I like it No, why I really don't care why I can be honest with it I heard drugs on the spitshow and agree with him your ratings are down yourself destructing right The only reason this fudge is saying that is because that's his way of getting even with a fact that I call myself destructive Self-hating fag which is exactly what he is Not that you're gonna change, but I'm gonna type this anyway. Well great. Keep your office streets Keep you from bombing any abortion clinics I listen during my lunch hour. I can't hear the entire show since you've broadcasted from Canada You stopped talking about local issues Stop racking on local politicians the Miami crooks the hell and they'll drivers pig reports all gone We have many pig reports. We talk all the time about local crooks Whenever there's something special going on, but the fact that matter is if we talk about Mary of elephant plenty on at the show Did this show in fact the state elections in Florida if you recall Which obviously this asshole can't who was it that went right to the Florida that were the state election website And had the primary all figured out before anybody else between January and Bill of what was his name? McBride But nevertheless I like hearing you rag on the Miami crooks at old drivers while you know something We're not interested in just doing the same title crap every day to make you happy, but You never cared about politics before Since when went when did that start? There was a previous broadcast you were trying doing a left a left show an opposition to Raj forgot her name She was on the afternoon and it was boring god. What was her name? I forgot it. Oh, I don't know Like this attack there, right? See this is a right wing asshole Of course, but what's mean not to talk about politics and oh if you would just change a show to pass if I'm Me because I can't stand listening anybody tells the truth. Well guess what blow it out your ass I don't hear as many bits and it ones you do play a talk our president good instead of racking on Miami politicians You're right gun on the president's unpaid throughout a night or two just another lame attempt and suck it up to Raj and suck it up to Todd And miss fogging all the other right wing assholes ain't gonna work okay, sweetheart whoever to how you are he ought to love our man All judges just to prove it to you and now we're gonna start ripping bush twice as much just to make you happy Okay, and you'll be sitting out there grabbing it and squeeze that real tight whatever you got Getting all bent out of shape with your teeth crumbling Too freaking bad, okay. This is this is part of the same concept. You know just like with a polo and you'll think just silence all the opposition Well guess what asshole when ain't gonna happen We're gonna go on we're gonna register 800 million people in Florida to vote in November That's right a lot of them don't live here a lot of them have been dead for years a lot of never been been born yet I mean since the right wingers are so concerned about the fetuses But I have the fetuses vote sure only the black ones though Right only crack babies there you go. Oh, how might did you say that I was about good point 560 505060 I mean it's just never stops it never ends only if you'd stop talking about Follow this you never talked about politics be more bull crap full-crab in addition which what breaks your heart is having kicking rashes ass in his market since that he came on the air in his market every single tread every single book, okay, so blow it out your right wing ass God talk about a wasted time. Oh, snutes is this you can take touch met and said his ass back to Tampa, too, which is where he is And since the Schmidt mice is doing a show from Tampa and rushes doing a show out of New York I'm sure they have a lot of local interesting issues to talk about too right Nobody gives a flying fart about anything it's happened in this town. Okay, nobody Talk about Perocule crap and addition of which I hit the break the news to you, but in Toronto all the same newspapers are right there on the Wicked web the Miami-Herold the Sun Sentinel. I used the word newspaper loosely Okay, let's get that poll up what do you say didn't you tell her to get that dancing up already get it up sweetheart? Let's go let's go. I said 1130 not 1230 maybe he's right for those emails to come in He's got all the names on there he just has an open a poll up yet so our vast audience can hop on there and devote to ones who are left Now that all the right wingers have turned on us including all your stick right wing old friends All your bush likers Here's that poll question again See that this just cracks me up as opposed to just saying oh well, you know We're just gonna go away. Well, right rush will be out in 23 minutes and roll me in all the other assholes that you mentioned in your facts Just go listen to them right and of course the answer is you won't listen to them because you're obsessed with this program and always will be always Happened the ones who denied the most that are ones who are most of says they're glued to this show Because they know that nobody know where is doing a show like we do here nobody know where No way don't happen it doesn't exist Nope and as far as Russian all of his pill pop and right wing horse crap and lies And that's what you like more power to you. It's free the prices right while he's still on the outside He'll do a show from the inside Yeah, him and Jazz McCay and stereo you where were those ankle bracelet the Reverend Jim agn that Talsky from taxi Do you ever hear that sure Reverend Jim Redwell just put Reverend Jim Or unless you know how to spell that last name which I don't think this person does maybe to do Here's one he'll get no votes but my favorite TV character was the detective Arthur Dietrich on Barney Miller play by Steve Landisburg What I like to Arthur Dietrich. Well get him on air now. He's only got one on here. He's not breaking in rules He's not telling me what to say or what to do or how come my ratings are so bad and Guess what asshole? I don't care my ratings go down to one share. That's what Greg we deserve anyway The checks continue coming in all right. It's under three years in counting So this sit back relax in after three years. It'll be by by I'll go off and have a great time spend the money While you're sitting there are typing up stupid notes Facts into people on a radio It says have also attached and I'm gonna cross online Seems like people can defeat the purpose most people have for such a product. Oh, it's a penis thing Create your own rubber dildo from your own penis. Well, who wants it? Oh that look at that George Is it got already now that guy? He want to make a deal though because he's got an ample size the slong Make a professional grade dildo from your own home just add water Just whip it out and water it warm water. I hope Insert your penis in the quick for molding gel hold it there for 60 seconds your penis slides right out to reveal a perfectly detailed mold Filmmold with the amazing pen and rubber skin. Oh, I like that idea of rubber skin Let it dry pull out your own usable life size rubber dildo. I bet you you know who'd like that? Roy yeah, he'll want to always steal ours. You know that's a good idea because then you really could have yourself you can go Well a few of yourself right with your own right penis That wouldn't make you gay 5 6705 60 boy. I'm hearing about so many straight guys that wants to you know I'm gonna get done with a strap on by some female of course, but see if it's female then it makes it very much There's a word for that Fag yeah, well, I'm just telling you so many guys who will tell you that they're straight and they want it No, not a married guy. I believe them. I'll be guys with why it's sure whatever you push them are Cubans 5 6. Oh, she don't start picking on the Cubans That's why there's a You You We get through the breakage I don't know Huh Yes, oh, I just didn't cross your arms. Well, I'm so emotional about the fact that they had the wrong schedule So enough here all the time You get so much about it. Don't compare it to your couple assholes man Yeah, whether Hey, hey come over See that cool things in this fun girl and get it Boy, they come over And if you listen to this you'll find out she wasn't god Not human Brazilian god I'm afraid of a woman And she didn't even know rubber mold either is what I'm hearing from her She didn't need those strap on this here. Yeah, she had a gigantic numbers right here Wait for this word What is it? Lulata I don't know your land No, no, not us Yeah Who is that? Happen wooly That's a guy There is absolutely no question about that is a guy What is this some fear of wives invisibility is liability about Howard Dean's wife and he said he wasn't gonna slipper around or some kind of a prop This is so stupid, you know nobody is gonna vote for a client Yeah, nobody's gonna vote for a candidate because they slept or don't slept their wife around And we seem to give her a swi no, we see John Kerry's wife no, they haven't seen Dennis Can't hear us they even have a wife unless she's hot. She's a very stupid man and that again goes back to the That S H thing again too much stupidity going on Pernacin Catherine It Earth Our new flash disappear an intent some dogs remain as our slaughtered Oklahoma beings and large eyes of dangerous When comes the kiss and produce? I'm wearing ever fickle, but there is one thing I will not do. I will not switch the bagels. Nori won't know where he will not be there! Stop it, I won't be there, but I'll never switch the bagels! I'll tickle these and squeeze the bees. All some rest, warm them down. I'll clap with much on candy, and I'll turn all else that you're selling. I'll suck in nibble, candle will be lapin' dangied shrikles, but I'll never ever know I'll never ever switch that bagels. Nori won't know where he will not be there! Nori won't know where he will be there! Nori won't be there, nori won't be there! I'll never switch the bagels! I'll finger-point-handling the buck to the sweaty hits of lettuce. I've done about everything we've punched and have a veggie betty. I've swallowed many zooms to make too big. They hear this tickle, and even though I love these things, I will not switch the bagels. Nori won't know where he will not be there! Nori won't be there, nori won't be there! Nori won't be there, nori won't be there! Nori won't know where he will not be there! Nori won't know where he will be there! Nori won't be there! Nori won't be there! You asshole? Fourteen til noon at five, 60, WCM, WDs levels are all over the place. They must be poshking in the arthing. They might be ditto around in the arnith, they've got to lock it up while we're not on the air. Anyway, somebody says a columbo, somebody said perimation for our list. Here's the poll question. Just for fun. Who is your all-time favorite TV character? Like I said, not just for fun, but for a scientific and important. Isn't it? No, yeah, it is. Archie bunker is winning with ten votes. Albundy eight. Poll is up by the way, can you hop on it. Homer Simpson, 16, 70, 70, 505, Hawkeye, Pierce five. Herman Monster two. Lucy Ricardo two. Basil Faulty two. Baby Stewie one, Frank Cannon one. I was my vote. I voted for him because nobody else will. I think it's Basil. I said basil. That's right. Razzle bathbone. Uncle Arthur one. Detective Arthur D trick one. See it's a brick thing. So I don't really care because they're just, Oh, the only good thing out of Britain ever ever ever was a Monti-Eopithon. I was in Enda Clockwork Orange. Mom, I'm not talking about movie. Oh, I'm talking about like TV shows. There were people who watched that upstairs downstairs that suit, suit, crab, you know. Oh, God. Good thing served. No, how about the prisoner? That was good. That was pretty good. Oh, and um, what do you use that? That's that British. Absolutely fabulous. What is that? Ab Fab, the two chicks. You're asking me was the prisoner British? I think it was during the long time ago. He was Irish, actually. Patrick McGoon. No votes yet for anybody. What we just got to think up there. We got about 40 votes. Whatever it is. Or maybe just. Fuck. To hop on it. 560, 560, pound, 560. Those are my favorite. Like that fact said, just got to work. He plenty more of those coming. Okay. It makes for a very amusing reading on a year. It also shows up on a bunch of assholes. You right wingers are. Oh, we used to like you so much better when you didn't talk about politics. What was that? What was that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know either from the day that I came on here in his town. Almost how many years now? Fuck. I've been talking politics. I'm all continuing to do so. It's fun of the desperate attempts. Well, I used to be your ratings sucked out. You know what blow it out your ass. Take your arbitrarian diary and wipe your ass with it. Okay. Rush liquor. Well, I think they'd be a bush liquor. But I guess there's some similarities there and out too. Brush liquor is in Rush liquor. I guess that's how you write Rush down on the diary and pill poppers. Yeah. Fony. Talk about hypocrites. Albundy 12. Just move to head of Archie Bunker. I can't believe that. Can we? Albundy. Yeah. Outside out of mind. Yeah. That was. That was. I didn't like that show at all. It was funny for the first couple of free seasons. He was just annoying. Yeah. I mean Archie Bunker was funny. Eideth was funny. How come nobody said Eideth was proud of him? How come nobody said Eideth Bunker? Put her down. Huh? I did. Archie used to all the time. Eideth. Eideth Bunker. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if somebody don't say meathead. Huh? Meathead was good. Although he's a liberal now, we don't want to get too excited about him. Who? Who's he supporting? Is he supporting Dean? No, no. No, you. He's been the prince in a mile with somebody. I think it was Dean or maybe it was a card. I don't know. Well, no, he doesn't think he does. Delay. So he wasn't with West Clark. Five, six, seven, oh, five. No, sirs. Can you explain that to me? That's got to be the dumbest thing. Although the new new Hampshire poll showed, um, what I don't want to say the numbers. I don't want to. Well, I know that Clark was up to like 20%. He passed carries into second place. And if he can come out second in New Hampshire, that puts it in pretty good position. Because you know, uh, good old retired degenerate, Wesley Clark is going to be really strong in South Carolina and Oklahoma and all them military kind of like, uh, Gustav and states. Don. Right. So he may have a shot. Don't don't, uh, think this thing is over yet. Dennis Cassin is for president, baby. I don't care what anybody says. He run. He talks rings around these guys. He's in shoulders above. I'm not the head part. Got that bad piece. In fact, now that I'm tight with more, well kind of like, a little tight. Maybe we can borrow one of his pieces and like Dennis use it. Huh? That'll finish him off. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I got some additions to your poll. One mail. One. One. Okay. First of all. Okay. Uh, how about the Louis de Pama and taxi, probably by Danny DeVito? Okay. Louis, the why? DePama? Louis de Palmer. I'm not going to put the uh, shows on because first of all, it's too much work for air. I can number two if you don't know who the, who the uh, character is, then you know, and then you shouldn't be voting anyway, right? Right. What if you don't know the character's name like the guy from everybody loves Raymond. But you have a line. Ryan DePama. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound. Five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Hey, this is going to go on for hours and hours. Like about a couple of months. We don't have to worry. What do you say? We'll talk about whatever the mood strikes. And what is a story like to think about Paul O'Neill. What did this scraise it is? What did this scraise? This person is made out of teflon. What's the hard way diamonds? What's the hardest to platinum? Diamonds. Diamonds are the hardest surface known to man on the face of the earth. Right. Hard stuff. Forget about platinum. Forget about teflon. This man has got a diamond exterior. You can't scratch him. You can't touch this. Have a nice sentence. For months now he could come on TV and hold a press conference. Say he lies to us. He talked about everything and have a nice day. And let's give the cheeseburger's broad in here. And it would change nothing. And immediately we go. But like that. Oh, there's a lot of chatter going on. Yeah. Raise that alert back up to red this time, I think. Kind of divert everybody's attention. Right. WCQAM. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Come a quick thing. First of all. Yeah. Basil Fati is said there was nothing good out of eye. The ringlonding. I never saw that show. Well, it was John police from Monty Paisar. And he was like I said that was a great show. He was the best. And then the second thing is, why are he day with dad playing stuff? And he's not a great character but Basil hasn't beat. Okay. And they went off. What is it? One more thing I was on hold yesterday for now because I had a song for you for your thing yesterday. You will like it. Right. Go ahead. My enemy as they want that. He hasn't got a clue. We thought that way and with kin as asked. We thought that day was true. When call them in and let them get them to more years. And I didn't know Reno to pass the five of them in. Not bad. See you. Yeah, that's right. He did his departure. I never got back to my Eddie Pope column. You know what? Before we the doctor Heathcliff Hustable. Oh, I want to die. I want to die. Hey, listen. Somebody liked him. You haven't mentioned they knew the one comedy that's out. Well, first of all, it wasn't known to one, Alejandro. But it was the one to two. I guess it used to be known to one where we were on nine to one. It used to be like the one to two are comedy bits on ones. They and it's the one here today. We took a poll on it. We did it to the old Democratic way. See, we don't fix the. We don't rig the results on a poll. Like certain election people do. Oh, and then I saw you know who I lost on my respect for. I got a Michael Putney. Our old friend Michael Putney a channel. Yeah. Boring Michael Putney. He writes a column in a hero today. Sock and Katherine Harris is asked. And about how she's not going to be no boring Paula Hawkins. And she could be really dangerous if she runs in the Adi Adi. And she's so bright and he read her book. You know, Michael Putney, you are such a schmuck. It's people like you that are tearing our democracy apart. And that's I'm good. I'm crushed. Yeah. Michael Putney of all people evil. Sock and up to an election fixing evil obnoxious money. Governor, uh, Lickon, uh, bush bitch. And sucking her ass. What? What did this grace that was? I couldn't believe it. How much I'm afraid they get. I pray that she runs for the Senate and Florida. Because what's going to happen is that the just like his name predicted that or rehash it or really we invigorate all the people pissed off about 2000 again. The ones who are just in franchise, the ones who weren't allowed to vote. The ones who with the victims of the big fix. And they're going to come out and just kick some ass in Florida. The ones who's yard drawer shredded during the situation. The situation's people right. That's well. That's your beef. That's right. The impact. You know something that's, uh, that's the least of her. And what does that tell you about her? Mm-hmm. Not that she's got that, uh, a little conflict of interest that money grew in bitch. They after Dan, marino hiring is just a smoke screen. Soziti Pope is the story. Well, not to away. Now they're Wayne Heizing. I'm not going to read the whole thing. It's very long. Now the Wayne Heizing is created the most spectacular. Diversion and dolphins considerable history. Let's see how it works or it doesn't. Dan marino, the greatest passerover, puts it nine to five days at a desk. As senior vice president of football operations. I don't think so. Soziti, the pope dope. When new general manager Rick the Spielmeister requires a player. What does Dave wants that have to do if he wants to cut that player? Get Spielman's permission. And then marino's. This alone we know what it has to continue on page eight. Uh, and that often's a new command bag amazed. You can't slap a pencil instead of a football and marino's hands and say what's certainly go get a boy's. Danny was the best and that makes you the best. If they want to call him and ambassador fine, he'd be all of that and more. He could smooth with ticket buyers and potential ticket. He is to the dolphins. What Bernie Cosa was supposed to be the Panther organization. Remember that? Of course you do. He stood right in the doorway there. And wanted me to bring him in on a show. And waste my time. Bernie Cosa, you remember that? No. Yes, you do. He was standing there. And then you're kicking our cuschool girl. We bought the Panther as we did. Oh, that's silly. That's right. Silly goose. Bernie Cosa. Didn't it work? No. Bernie still around. No. You're not fooling anybody. Once you can bitch out our Mondo cell garrows and everybody else in the media audio one, I just cannot stand. I have no room in my life for billionaire assholes. We're always bitching everybody out of the business with him and suck their ass. Same old tired crap, man. Hey, Wayne, we're tired of you and your balls bought. Pack it up and get lost. And if you think you're fooling anybody with Dave wants to invite away all those bills and patriots and Jeff fans and everybody else, we love it. Keep on saying give him like a lifetime contract sounds good to me. Oh, right. Sounds excellent. And in fact, any Jones a quarterback this year. Your whole he is. No. 50560. 5060. On the effect he's going to have a walk around the sidelines. This year's going to be patient up and on the sidelines with a walker. Kind of like in the Wallace on passions. And you knock passions one more time, Mr. And moja's might be producing my show next week. I'd have to watch it tonight because the mole I hear it. So let's I like it. Three minutes till noon at 5.60. WQM will be giving you that revised schedule several times today because clients just can't get it straight. That's what the be says. You can't straighten that thing out. It's like a curly cue. Hey, you know, EF. What? That's what he said. It's like a little pretzel is what it is. In fact, if you look on our website, you'll see Bush bitten some of mud. I love that thing. That is just, oh. I could sit there and push them buttons all day. In fact, if you punch your real fast, you'll only press those he can spit out in 10 seconds. I can't turn the man. I love it. EF turn out of repair a place you can trust though your car too. Believe me, you pay a lot of money for that car with a vehicle, whatever you're driving. So don't just entrust it to anybody who says, hey, we're a repair shop. Take it to EF because they know their stuff. You'll find them at 583 north federal highway. Just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in Pomp and O Beach. At EF turn out of repair experience, the difference that experience makes all EF mechanics. Our ASC certified technicians current with all the ways technology. And most of them with the EF team for almost 20 years. The EF team is over 200 combined years of experience. And no job is to bigger too small for these guys. Whether it's a blown fuse, a blown engine, whatever it's been blown from a 73 Toyota to an O4 Bentley EF turn out of repair be doing it all for you. And all their jobs are meticulously carefully, Sleece, scrupy,lessly double-checked, accuracy by the shop foreman. And every car is clean upon completion of the work too. EF honors most extended warranties. They operate a wide-away service on most repairs as well. That's EF turn out of repair. You'll find them at 583 north federal highway in Pomp and O Beach called 954-426-9926. 954-426-9926 be sure and tell them that ancient Neil told you to call. And when you do call, be sure and ask about their 90 day same as cash. No interest credit card too. So take that vehicle soon to EF turn out of repair. Nationally known as one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the country. People you can trust. And don't forget that EF there are modaways. Nobody cares more and nobody. We'll work harder to earn your business. We're supposed to be in 5C2. You a yeah. Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M. A rock. I can't believe I'm the winner. I am the winner. Well, it wasn't even close. I terminated for all great day risks. Ha ha ha ha. Don't people didn't see for care. I grabbed the movies. I have to do this. And if only I have spoken out of the weather. Lots of women said I borrowed them. You know all it was like 33. But they don't know here. And the mod is okay. Because now I'm done to coordinate up of the county for your people. We're the one. Well, I used all of my muscle. And I used all of my sex appeal. I'm very hot. I guess the borders didn't care. And I mean all those people who choose to screw you. Ha ha ha ha. Well, if you're hot, this would be public. And you tell them you're at a final screen. You trust me. And therefore give you like it in me and the neck you do the GOP. Is a key change in the song. Who's the man taking this old Batman? Sua Mario brother never had a prayer. You're terrible. The boy who starts a mountain naked in his little pack man on the way. With a little teeny tiny holes. And the victor, I know where the and my hot wife is a candid. And now I'm done to go for neither I'll think any one is your team. Congratulations 12 out to a 560 WCM. Somebody says Sergeant Schulz from Hogan's Heroes got it. Got it. Somebody says Jury and buddy to Sprainsus. One of our fine facts are says. I'd like to suggest Jim Rockford for today's poll is a great character. Isn't that Jim, James Gardner's a great actor. He's comfortable every now and then someone needs some comfort TV. Yeah, my Clayboy TV is comfortable. That wasn't a bad show either. I can't punch up the audio from Clayboy TV here. Like I do when I'm in Toronto. Even though we're paying for the satellite service. Right. I don't even want to get on the TV. I'm even one. Yeah. Right. Two years. We haven't gotten it. But they're paying for it. That's good. The economy needs a different way. We can say something about it. And then they'll come in and unplug it. Right. And then they'll put a fucking card in there. So that's not a... They can't even get like a pirate card in here. That's how we're in a competent there. My favorite TV character is Mr. Effing Spock's. Somebody got that down. Mr. Spock. He's good. Love them ears, man. And word is good as who's likely we see with a bad ears. That Brittany's husband. Oh yeah. That's a criminal. That Redneck that Yahoo from Louisiana with a bad ears. Holy cow. Holy moly. And she thinks she's been doing it. You think she actually saw it? You think he's got one? Wow. No, there's something wrong with her. Yes. Maybe too much booze. Maybe too much fame in an early age. I mean, not enough sex with me. Maybe she's a dick. Maybe she got turned on when she stuck her throat down and down as a person. Maybe she's doing tennis right now. Because maybe she enjoyed the slap over. It's one thing that I have a sleepover, Brittany, but out of a slapover. So much of that fantasy. Yeah. Well, she's unpear now. She's unpear. She's unpear. She-it-tainted. Woo! We, man. Paint the tank. Take her to the lead. It's pristine. No more. She kind of clean, but she ain't pristine. Says the old queen. I'm-I'm telling ya. It may be mean, but... Here's somebody says, um... J.R. Ewing from Dallas. I remember at the time I was single told any of my dates to pick me up after Dallas and I couldn't miss one episode. Says a Laura. Yes, I need to get the life, but he was the best. Yeah, J.R. and he's on the verge of death. That's me, I know. Everybody like- Everybody like, uh, Larry Hagman. Be my-about a half a second. We said this last week. He's 20 more- 20-mar-20 Martin son. Mary Martin son. She's also dead. She was in that bad car crash with somebody. Here's to go. Don't you remember that? Pinky York. Yeah, well, I think what James Dean, she was sitting in the- She was riding shotgun. Did we get drunk off? How many of you? How many of you? How many Hagman's a champagne drunk? Did we get drunk? Oh, that's right. He's the liver. He's got the head of liver transplant, and they keep the shove it in more bacon and more onions and they get frying it up and it ain't working no more. They even took it off the menu at the GR grill. You know, the saddest thing was that the old- Was it called not Robinhood? That wasn't Detroit. What the? That was an image that grill at the, um, Stardust and Vegas? Did you- did we ever go in there for a list? No, the Rosewood grill was a fancy restaurant. Oh, this was like an old-fashioned, uh, diner. Like, you know, from American graffiti that kind of old-fashioned diner. It was great. I think we just had to walk through it through the style. Like the little burgers in there, you know, the little little castle burgers. It was just a greasy spoon kind of diner. And I think the last time I was in Vegas, they changed it. I think there I could be wrong, I'll take some. Although kitty cord of that is Ethel M's candies. See sooner or later, I'll always get around to that. Ethel M, did you ever have Ethel M's when you were in Vegas? Sure. Not if they had it at the Imperial Palace. Oh, that's right. Ethel Imperial Palace that dumps that we stayed at that time. Yeah. That's the stuff that I like. Except the crunch. Oh, my god. I could eat pounds of that. I mean, what a way to die. Sure. You know, I'm talking about the square. The little like home in Roca, but it's almost as good as those, uh, Rogers, almond brittle. Oh. So you're lucky you weren't here with the box of the. That's the only reason I'm still here. See, like I said, Canada's got too much name, good ice cream and candy. Oh, and Paul Martin and Bush talked the other day. And he did not call Bush a moron. He just kind of went like, look at that. So not everybody's a real happy and Canada will be allowed to bit on the contracts in Iraq. And we're going to be mad, count on it, no more. It's all in North America. Not just finger pointing no more. Yeah. I think Martin looked at him and said, how's it going, eh? And that kind of threw him off. A little bit. 560560. See there you go again. Fashion our president. That's a see as soon as you saw that word in the facts. That's all you need to know. Forget about Russian and about misfog. How about Schmack, Drek, whatever his name is. Our dictator. But it's unpatriotic to criticize the president. Of course, a president was getting blow jobs on a site. Then it was very patriotic to talk about that. And what's the point of the blue dress on? I like that. That's right. That was very important. About that sperm. Good. We're a science woman. That's absolutely correct. We're the ones. Thousands of people that were dying and some people getting the money. But now there's $3,00 deficit. That's unpatriotic to point of finger with that. So Paul or Neil. We're going to fry your ass at noon tomorrow. Two late now. Twenty four votes for archie monkey. Your all-time favorite TV character. Twenty four for archie. Twenty three for homosimson. Albundi twenty. Now, see, it is just a plan of play on words. He does have a wife. But the word I'm hearing from the inside is that homosimson. Maybe a little bit. Bottaming. Hawk, I appear, say Lucy Ricardo, wait Tony, soprano, wait. Cramer, eight, that's Brad Cramer. Uh, did, uh, did February's really call about going to the track? Yes. Uh, I'm just a joke. Eric Carman, seven, detective Arthur Dietrich's six. Basil Faldi, nice, a basil. Basil Zeya, herb. Yes. Basil is a guy. Correct. As an asshole, Basil. I was a snake. Didn't you love Basil, Rathbone? You have seen those movies. I see them long time ago. You didn't like it or fine. Was it actually a Bruce's, the public, Dr. Watson? You got to see him again. I do. They haven't, they don't lose their intensity. They're great. I must. In fact, I remember it the loyze of Terry. Yeah, that was a good one. Basil Faldi, six. How about the, uh, what's your name? The lady in green? I don't remember that. Something like that. Uh, baby, steu-y-four, where they had the midget in the box. The midget with the poison. Yes, forgot. Uh, Ed Norton-3. Herman Monsters got three. Good old Herman Monsters. We know a lot of people look just like that. Not to mention the guy with the eyes. Uh, Reverend Jim Ignatowski-3. Captain Kurtz got a pair. And you ought to see him. They glow in the dark. Uh, red form and two, be ver-cleaver, two, two like beaver. Columbo, two, James Rockford, a pair. Larry David, one, Frank Cannon's got my vote. You got my vote, Cannon. Louis de Palma, one, Uncle Arthur, one, Perimation, one, Ed of, see, his bunkers got one. I told Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, Ed, you guys want to be that, but you just Ed, uh, Alex and Lexus, Carrington don't have any. The Fons don't have any. Yeah, I don't think I mentioned him. Fonsy. Yeah, I don't, I just don't like him. Who? All right. Well, I hated that show to begin with. Uh, until Scott Bayoukim on there. And I said, oh, I like that show. Henry Wheatler. Ah, that's what I'm saying, the Fons are here. That's why it's done late. Is that what it is? Yeah. Fonsy and Jewish. Not the character. And how about Tom Biles, he and Jewish. Oh, and what's his name? Richie, uh, cutting, which is going to hand. Who is, uh, what's his name? See? Whoa. I just saw a whole thing. I signed my biography. Oh, look at it. Oh, pickin' in hand. Right, Howard. Right, Howard. Very good. He's a big, movie. He's a big, mobile now. He's a director. He's a producer. He's a genius. He's a genius. What was that first show? He was on his little punky kid running Howard. The Andy Griffith show? Yeah. Very, very good. Let's hear it. Andy Griffith show, run Howard. Child actor. We haven't done our child actor, uh, pull. That's right. Have we ever done one? Tomorrow. We could do a poll on which one didn't grow up. Asked up. Run Howard. That's it. No. Which child actor? How do, which one would you want to do on that? I have to be somethin' negative. Very child actor. Your favorite child actor. Surely Temple? Uh, oh. Uh. Her and seal your crews. Oh, come on. People, my mother used to torture me. Surely Black? Surely Temple Black? She wasn't Black. Was surely Black. Ambassador Black, he is the Docina Cooise. What does that, I know. So her husband's there. Yeah. Are you trying to talk to them? Please to cruise back and forth to and from Cuba, who took onto fertilizers' place and albiced the Carcle Hurth of Gant perpendicular to the right sigh, 2528. Uh it goes home, favorite but is amazing for a woman! Okay this is a famous yakuya birbush queen protests, who said were gonna hang was Ohio. And highly encourage yourself and in bad luck elbow afraid Just put a Danny boy barb a bobble head doll into the new office chair same results or cardboard cutout Dolphins lose Nice going smiley Just put a Danny boy bobble head doll in the new office area you'll get the same result or even a cardboard cutout of the whole Danny Dolphins those how come nobody commented about that picture in a hero that in the sports section or Danny looks like a mannequin without the strings You've got to see it during the break. I'm gonna bring it in you take a puke at it Is so bizarre Let's see what was that candy referring to golden burst peanut shoes? What was that? No, it's uh Rogers almond brittle You can go on Rogers says it Rogers.com I can't say it's Canadian a and boy that's stuff. We'll just wow you'll weigh 600 pounds in a week And you'll die with a big smile on your post You At the end of the world is going to come next Tuesday at 4 30 p.m. and the department of health has requested homeowners to unplug all Electrical appliances turn off radios and TV sets and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces The post office recommends that you mail early in the day and for those with automobiles alternate side of the street parking will be suspended That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4 30 p.m. market down It's only a lucky All we're buying Yeah Bye Mama We want Me You You I Give me You Turn Thought we'll go And I'm alive We're bus take care of Hey Now I'm both to judge when I get up In the car I'm both to judge I'm both to judge And every 10,000 points I smoke to judge I smoke to judge We drive out free And do it time of war I smoke to judge We call us what to do And dare us what to more We are We're We are We're We're We're We're We're Oh, we're fine. And there are no people who don't get worried. Oh, we're coming from the door with me and I need money. Oh, we're joined. No, we're joined, no, we're joined with me and we have to. Yeah, oh, we're joined. Yeah, we're joined. We're joined from the door with me and I'm gonna see you on one one. Oh, we're joined. We're gonna see that. Oh, we're joined. I've got my team at 5.60 WQM. So we're taking a crat this morning and I was thinking about a field injury. Oh, are you? Yeah. No, I was thinking about why he did that sudden turn. And the story we had on the other day about that guy in Arizona, somewhere. The conservative talk host who's getting squeezed out and going eventually now, be renewed and getting a screwed over by clear channel because he came out against the war. Who? See, when you work for a cheap channel, you don't have a choice. Right. So it is not, I don't think Phil Henry is saying anything that he really believes. He's just singing the party line and actually understand that. You know what's called survival. You got to get a chat. I don't admire that, but at least he's doing what he needs to do. And if he would deny it, I don't believe him for a minute. Right. You got to eat. Because they're not going to put anybody to the left of a till the hunt on the year on cheap channel. And if they have anybody on their who is or doesn't go step the company line, they're going to be gone when and out, squeeze them out. Like Zitz, when and out. Squeeze them out. Carter to campaign with Dean and Georgia. Former vice president, former vice president, a former president. I know it's pretty embarrassing. Jimmy Carter will offer words of praise for Howard Dean when the Democratic Frontwater 10 Search Services with him in Georgia. On the eve of the Iowa caucus is eighth to the two men said yesterday. Dean campaign manager Joe Trippie said they didn't expect Carter to make an endorsement, but they were excited about appearing with the former president so close to voting in Iowa. Carter was said he will not express any preference about who should be the nominee. Or any sexual preference either. A short support from Carter could boost Dean's appeal in the South. Carter a Baptist could also help Dean and reasoned effort to appeal to religious voters. Carter son chip has also been campaigning for Dean Nio. You know, chip Carter the moment like one year where is the left eye supposed to be? No. Well, it's a southern thing. You know, kind of like Chelsea Clinton and Benjaboy and Benjaboy. They're all from the same. They had the same family tree. And they grew up in a tree house, I think. But neither said that about the deep South. I know a lot of you think I'm making a crap up, but just kind of look around you. Although here the same, this ain't exactly the same. After drive like out in the country to see the deep North. Yeah, get into the deep South. That's right. Go North up into like, oh, could show me not too far north or pojo key. Or like maybe get out there on the alligator rally and stop in a mockery and have some going to Indian cuisine. Just keep going to your smelly fart. Look at that corn. You know, that, what do they call that? Barbecue corn. You ever had that? Yeah. Put the corn in a tin foil and put a barbecue. I love that. It's like almost burnt. Right, aren't. Necred? It is. I love that. Probably causes cancer, but I like it a lot. But then again, what does, is there anything it doesn't cause cancer? Right. Causes cancer. Right. Plus all that crap we discovered they've been forcing us to eat all the meat, the byproducts and the mongam, the zeroes and the water-boiled cows. And the hormone fed all the chickens that are just jammed in are all stressed out. And we're eating them. I do like my steak though. It's crisp. And I before I came back here, man, I had a male Ruth Christ that would knock your socks off. I had those sauteed mushrooms. The French onion soup with the thick cheese baked on all of them. And I had me a river-stick medium-wheel. See, Ruth Christ, when you order a steak. And I told them to hold the butter because the butter makes me a crap. My brains are. And you don't need the butter. I like the butter. Well, that's because you don't have any stomach problem with it. Yeah. I do. Well, you know my tender stomach. So juicy and so delicious. That's one of the best hunts of meat I've ever had in my mouth. Believe you me. Oh, this story from yesterday, which of course nobody is talking about because nobody cares because we just, we just did a roll over and played dead. Okay, whatever you guys say, Supreme Court upholds police roadblocks. Oh, I saw that. I'm just excited about that. Oh, great. The Supreme Court does not see bastards on the Supreme Court rule yesterday. The people who gave you George W. Bush in the election. That police may set up roadblocks to collect tips about crimes, rejecting concerns that misplaced might use the checkpoints to fish for unrelated suspicious activity. The 6 to 3 decision allows officers to block traffic and as motorists for help in solving crimes. Critics who complain that the thirties might misuse the power, disguising drag nets as informational checkpoint. In other words, maybe this is one of Friske. They would like, you know, do a little body cavity search. Let the dog and my family. Yeah, let the dog snip your back home parts, your private's. Roadblocks are used for a variety of investigations. The two thousand two police use them to try to produce leads in the Elizabeth's Mark kidnapping in Utah. And the sniper shootings in the Washington DC area, but the Supreme Court has limited their use. Although the justice is of a lot of random sobriety checkpoints to detect drunken driver. Like Diana Ross and what was his name? Peter Warrrell. Do you know that he got his license suspended five years here in it like didn't even make the newspaper? No. What a nice cover up they didn't. And then they just kind of like shipped him out of town. And I understand I want to tell you who told him I don't want to say. They ruled in 2000 that roadblocks intended for drugsturch searches are an unreasonable invasion of privacy out of the constitution. In two days decision just as Briar who makes a dandy ice cream said that the short stops of very few minutes of most are not too intrusive. Considering the value in crime solving, please may hand out flyers or restrivers of volunteer information. Ha ha ha ha ha. That oh man. Five minutes at most you car. You will cooperate man. Per car. Yeah like in July here like at a nice day when it's 98 degrees in the shade and a humid in the year old on a windows. Right. And you're like polishing from stuck behind 50 cars right each taking five minutes. That's right. So what's a few minutes out of your time if you ain't got nothing to hide Mister you illegal alien you're only hiding like. Why do I say you should like for she's been let you stay. Funny for a few months until you finish picking them tomatoes. Let's say, uh, Otis what is this a Otis the town drug I'm the antiguard of show. Otis Otis Otis. Well, I spell that with two teas with two titties on everybody's with one tea Otis the Droud town drug. So how you gonna put that to Otis the town drug? Sure. Okay. Our poll today if you tune to mystery motor what the we're babbling about we're all over the place which is the way you will continue to do it. It's by the that facts are who wasted enormous amount of time energy typing out a great Langpay. A plea for me to do the show just exactly the way they want so they can boost up and we can get that lible asshole. Fag off the year and could happen. What was your favorite all time TV character not actor not actress not show Homer Simpson 31 they like the old homo. Archie bunker 29 Al Bundy 28 Kramer 14 Hawkeye Pierce 11 of some of these shows. Uh, Cartman 10 Basil Falty 10 Basil Falty's got 10. Okay. That was okay show. What's the reason enough? Edin for lottery L says Napoleon solo. Two Napoleon solo that was Robert Vaughan. What was it the other one? From what? From the long time ago Robert Vaughan and David McCallum. What was that in the show? Ice pie? No that was Bill Cosby and uh oh yeah Bill Bixby Robert Cole. It'll come to me. Is it a detective show? Yeah. No wonder. No was a good show. Robert Vaughan David McCallum and David McCallum was pretty interesting. We can go for a Brit blonde here kind of cute. Oh I shouldn't have said that. You can't say guys cute can you? No. Okay. You can. Tom Brady's cute. Yeah Fag is concerned. That's one of the blessings of being a Fag. Oh look at that guy he's pretty hot. Uh I don't know the name of the show. We'll find out. It'll be embarrassing to be when somebody will call you Napoleon solo. You can put down Napoleon solo. We don't need the name of the guy. They should have put it on the pole. Let's get with it. Let's see. Got it at Fred Sandford. For our let's see. Look at this for our Latinos. Cheek. I said one in our Freddie Prince. How's Freddie doing by the way? You don't like his son you hate him, don't you? Do you hate him? I don't hate him. You hate Freddie Prince Jr. Worst than uh what's his name? That you hate so much. I don't hate Freddie Prince. Who's one that you hate so much? Christian Slayer Christian Slayer. Who do you hate most? I don't hate Freddie Prince. Or Lorenzo Lama. Which one do you hate the most? Nothing. Which one do you despise the most? Lorenzo Lama? I think you're jealous because he used to look so good. I'm good. Okay. He'll tell you one thing. He'll look so great anymore. Well that shows not any more isn't. Anyway. What was that show? Was that who's how are you hot? Are you hot? Now that wasn't good show. He's the reason he's inside. No it was not the reason. He's the good show. He's the good show. So hot people on the air. There was a very hot people on that show. And nobody would have brain wants to see the survivor crap and people eat and musk rats in the cockroaches and all the other crap is a good idea. He's the hot people as naked as they can see him. Except for him. Well I wouldn't remind seeing him naked a few years ago. He was in that movie where he was wrestling and snakes. Well you can get in your turn machine. Angles in the unfalking crest? Yes. He was staking her. Her steen. Lorenzo Lama. Why does he know what he or people? He's a spick. I mean not your category but there's spanned your turn. I don't know. I don't know. I think he lumbus lupine. Oh he don't have his big of a neck. He's mostly them Lama. 27 past noon at 5.60. WQAM. Hey you know I would drag this morning for breakfast in here my Interbrecht diabetic. This is the only thing it's going to keep me alive. Now that I'm back can we get that other case at a chocolate yet? No. We will. I got a case of something. No seriously. I'm telling you I need a lot more that you better get on Troy's Dread for Zass. Oh it's crowded. Just Strattlet. Interbrecht diabetic. I had it for my breakfast. In fact I'm going to have me one for lunch right now. I'm replacing two meals a day with that. Well I'm here. You believe me? I am. Okay. Anyway it's the most fantastic me replacement drink that just happens to me for people who are diabetes but anybody who wants to cut down their sugar intake and drink it and enjoy it. It tastes damn good. It's sweetened with splendid believe me. It'll taste the difference because almost all of the other drinks are sweetened with Asperteam and saccharine. They got that nasty choppy after taste. Not Interbrecht Diabetics. Got a long complicated name but it's worth the check and out. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry. In fact you can pick up Interbrecht Diabetics all over town. You can't pick up the poster or a lot of things. You can put it in the comments. So popular. Pick it up at public's Walgreens. Echroids in Navarro about the CBS of the local pharmacies as well. Interbrecht Diabetics is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for healthy life. Plus fiber and the oxidants. It is low unsaturated fat and cholesterol. Interbrecht Diabetics is also gluten free and lactose free, and the eat-out scan provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition. makers are so sure you're just gonna love it, that they're given away free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavor, to anybody who calls them at their toll free number. 1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 6, 8, 37, 39, or factory at order for your software website, enterrestiabedict.com, and then just click on free samples. Tell them that old Neil sent you by for the delicious one, and when you much of my name you'll get an additional special gift too. Call that toll free number today. I'm telling you, I'm gonna enjoy this stuff. It tastes great. Call 1, 8, 6, 6, 6, 8, 37, 39. Why and local? Your sports video 5, 60, 21, 2, 8, yeah. Oh, fuck, fuck, oh, fuck! How's your Madison? Oscar Madison, George. Got it. Got it. Back into the middle of the lane. Just you love to. He loved to love to love to love to. George W is the president. He is the president. Congress wants him to explain. Want to explain. They say what to do. What do you think you're doing? You think you're doing. He says we're gonna take him out. Go on to take him out. You're gonna get this new same bump. Trying to get out to. He loved you. Shoot a bunch of hisles and to. Yeah, he loved you, bummer. Right. Back into the middle of the lane. Just you love to. You loved him. Be afraid. Be very afraid. See, there's no trip away right now. Right. And of course, what I told Scott Junior that, you know what he did? He said, right where you are. And he stared at the monitor there for like two minutes. Maybe he was looking for the trip kid. Yeah. He's still like he was going to will it into the machine. He's just there. Kind of look at that his head cocked off the side like a bird like a cockatoo. And he just stared at it. And the screen too. He's bizarre. Anyway, he's still around, huh? Scott Junior. So we had an update from modus morning talked to for our last week. And for relays. What did he say was doing? He said he's doing like, what? I don't understand that. He's doing one day a week on the man cow show and Chicago. Is that what he said? I thought that's what he said many do something. I don't know what he's doing. We do it. Wish him well. But, you know, one of those things. Sunny crock it, my mevice. Sunny crock it. Okay. No kidding. A baby crock it. I was like a cue on that. You can play it again though. No thanks. I don't think so. I crock it. I've already a cool skin cap. Like a baby crock it. Only a pastel. Tucker who's a regular fact. You're usually pretty perspicacious. You're really just a listen to carefully. I think I picked a winner. Jim Rockford from the Rockford front. Somebody beat you to it. Tucker. Good choice, I guess. I never was crazy about that show. In fact, I didn't like that show at all. Really? That's the only detail to show. No. Okay. But you probably also watched the catch of thief with Robert Wagner in the What's your name? A little bit. Man. Rockford falls was good. He was a sad sack. He was a little bit of trouble. Robert Wagner. Yeah. Robert Wagner man is another guy. He used to look all the way. Oh good. I was scary until he threw Natalie overboard. But he could be the worst actor. I mean, big name actor. Of anybody who was like really successful. He's so stiff. Right. He was in a movie that Kevin Bacon later played the role. He made the movie about where he throws the, he gets married. And he throws the girl off the top of the building. And then he goes after sister for the money. He merged with Kevin Bacon movie. That was a mat. Dylan movie. Like I said, Mat Dylan, the read the movie. What's the name of the movie? But the original was with Robert Wagner. Kiss before dying. Oh, I can't believe it. That is unbelievable. Don't ask me how long. That's shocking. That's almost like my, remember my, uh, frequent flyer Delta number. That is beyond belief. And the girl was Sean Young. Wow. Holy crap. Everybody squatting. Drop a big one. Wow. That was amazing. That's it. I'm done. A piss before I kiss before dying. That's very good. It was, uh, I'm trying to remember the, the woman rubber Wagner. I never saw the original. Uh, well, yes, one. I got my handy book over here. You don't have to play that. I got, oh, I got CD off. I got just in case. Let's see your kiss. Now is it going to be under our kiss. It'll be under A right. How is it going? And believe me, they do say that. Remember what Fancy said. You know, the funny part. A, the funny part of it is, uh, The women do it too. When a guy's doing that, you're going to get the women say the same thing. I can't believe it. You know, easy lay a sitting around talking at, uh, at the lunch or dinner in a restaurant. You know what they're all talking about? I give up. Talkie. Oh, I'm serious. I'm not joking. Let's see. Kiss daddy goodbye. Kiss daddy good night. Kiss daddy's ass. The kiss. Uh, a kiss before dying. Gold digger Wagner kills one rich sister. Joanne Woodward. See, I mean, to compare Mad Dylan. Well, Robert, Robert, Robert Wagner's actually pretty good in this. But generally speaking, is acting performances were incredibly stiff. I mean, the day that they put him in a ground, you'll be hard pressed to see the difference between the before and after. I mean, a stiff by any other name would die the same. But boy, he sure looked good then. I think 56. That's 47 years ago. A lot of people looked before he's seven years ago. But could you do it? Right. Anyway, he kills one rich sister. Romances the other effective thriller, marked only by somewhat one performance from leaf. Whose leaf? Virginia leaf. Wagner's terrific though, from our relevance novel, we made 1991. So the remake, oh, here it is, lacklust your thriller run by the double casting of young. That's, uh, Sean Young. As wealthy twinces is romance by murderers dad, Dylan. Stick with a 56 version of our relevance story. Matt Dylan, Sean Young, Max van Sidal. Ah, who from the SSC, father Marin? You know, if you folks out there, it's a certain. I mean, we did all shows on the movies. I'm just getting sidetracked with this, but there's so many of those movies from like the 70s and 80s. Right. That if you didn't see him, you really need to. You need to go to block, but no, oh, sorry. Well, how do you, well, how do you, right over here? Like I said, Hollywood video, do not go to blockbuster because they used to suck Wayne's ass. Uh, go to an, and plus blockbuster is senses the videos in. Correct. Oh, it's easy. So go get your DVDs and your DVDs at the Hollywood video or some other place. Exorcist, right? Because there are people who haven't seen it. And on DVD, they've got the new one. Would they added scenes where she's falling down the backwards down the stairs? They do however need to put it in a different part of the story. They need to put it into the comedy section now. What's that? Exorcist. Why? Because that's what people do with it now is they look at it. But the piece soup and they lie about it. No. Yeah. That is why the panic. The one that's spinning around is not funny. He soup. No, it's not fun. Jesus. That's because you didn't see when the first came out. The panic, right? Exactly. No, it's not funny. Sure it is. You know something you're going to burn in hell. I'm going to tell you that right now, Mr. You son of a bitch. You're going to burn in hell. But the horror of Christ, the pelju. The horror of Christ, the pelju. The horror of Christ, the pelju. The horror of Christ, the pelju. Okay. No matter what second line. Just go find it. Yeah. We got the name the man from Michael. Thank you. We've had 4,000 facts on that. Thank you. What is some of the other more network, which you don't, you're not that crazy about it. I love that work. It's just, it's just what? I can't get other people excited about it. I can't get anybody excited about it. I don't know why people in this audience. I'm a maddest. Oh, I don't think it's a maddest. I think it's a maddest. Oh, in fact, I know we've done that pool. And we ever done that pool? Favorite character from the movies? I think so. We have. That's why we had that argument the first time. About what? What? Between a character and the portrayal of a character. But that's right. Howard B. I'm sure he didn't get too many votes. You got a few from network. I mean, what's not to like? I think it goes over people's heads. Really? Sure. How can it goes after over people's heads? When it goes on here in the Elzboschman? How can that be? There's no explosions. Oh, I see. That's right. There's no, right. That's right. There's no Arnold in it. No, no, no. No slice alone. There's a killing. There's nipples. No bread pit. And death. No migrion. They say nigger? You said it. Twenty-two-one is five-si-si-w-u-m-how. How'd you tell you what no matter what you say no matter what you are? They love your money. I mean, they love to see it the Emercose. That's right. They'll take your money. But they'll put out a feast for you. The likes of which you have never seen. Emercose has got three softboard locations in boy. If you want to party in your pants. If you want to spend a lot of time on your throne. Just go and buckle up at the Emercose because it really is a fantastic feast. So, not with any of their six different soups or all of them, if you like if you're real pig. Then you've got dozens and dozens of succulent on-phrase to suck on. Like, New York strip made a order in a sizzling Asian grill. Their new seafoods ain't jock, oysters on a half-shell, and a last-kin stone crab, middle-neck clams, jumbo shrimp scampy big fat ones. And now for the first time ever, steam-mainlobs to run a weekend's at the Emercose. And the Travis, a handcar-prime-rab, their new Thai specialties to, keep in mind, no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap-ola, and they cook only with cholesterol-free oils, so you get really fine cuisine. And a lot of it too. Everything is fresh as well because the stuff isn't sitting there getting soggy for hours, like most of those other so-called buffets. And the buffet at the Emercose features a full salad bar, the new sushi bar, fresh from cocktail too. And if you have any room left at the end of the meal, just kind of like Pace yourself. Civil room is well worth it for the dessert station. Featuring Belgian waffles, in fact, isn't this your dessert station? Right, I think it is. Featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, and even fresh fruit. They even behave at a watermelon just about all the time, so hop on in, hop aboard. Emercose, you'll find them in sunrise, Pine Island near 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163 to north Miami Beach, and at the intersection of Flamingo Roads and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines. Take the entire family, the entire orifice, or a business lesson, whatever it might be. Let the folks at Emercose cook up a fantastic feast for you. When you're walking, you're practically good busy looking at all that fantastic, fresh delicious stuff. Take out a delivery available to call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 it is unbeatable the Emercose Chinese buffet. My life and look home. This is 4-0-564. 2-8-2-8. So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Calmuy Ish Mile, some of your capital hill records and tapes is proud to introduce Al Gore's books on tape. You'll hear Al Gore, politician, and public speaker breathe life into such classics as Moby Dickling, particular to interest me on shore a tale of two cities. It was the best of times. It was the worst of time. He'll bring all the chills and eerie darkness of Edgar Allen Poe. Take that big from out of my heart and take that form from off my door. Close the Raven. Never more. Listen to Al Gore bring out the sexual tension in this steamy novels of Danielle Steel. And on new from the moment he caress my tender skin that someday we, together, forever, so don't waste your time or strain your eyes reading books for yourself. Ship a boy? Past scene, walk way, so cry, a ab available now in a Barnes & Noble bookstore near you. What is wrong with my delivery? I am a train, political, so Al Gore and the Bill Bradley of Endorse the Howard Dean. Right, and Tom Harkin. Jimmy Carter's kind of giving him a kiss on the cheek. No, they're gonna hold hands. Oh, and pray. Seriously, not gonna win Dorsum but they're gonna hold hands. Okay, when I'm gonna set, give you a clue. Gonna grind a little bit. Right. He's gonna put on like a little wiggie's gonna borrow one of most pieces and he's gonna be Mrs. Dean for a few days. But yeah, why not? They're all pitching about what word Mrs. Dean. Well, who the hell gives a crap word? Where's Mrs. Gibbard? Where's Mrs. Mostly Brown? Maybe she's got a Mrs. Right? Where's Mrs. Sharpen? She's got a single him out. Because he's in first. Because he's the leader. That's right. Because they're all like crawling on his hands. King of the boat and up it and in it. Where's everybody else? Where's Julie Remens wife? Oh, that's right. Her name is Hadasa. Yeah. She's so Julie. Oh, I got that. He's a couple with a sputtle. Yeah. And his kids names are manure and citses. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. If two labormen wins free hollow off for everybody, oh, free a homintosh near a porom. Oh, but do I speak in a porom? When is it looking to count real quick? And last year we really got screwed up. Of course, this year I probably won't be here, which is good. There's plenty of good deli's in the Toronto. And there's plenty of Jews in Toronto too. Lots of Jews, lots of fangs, lots of packies, lots of Indians, lots of chinks, lots of aeunamit. What if you like? Lots of a few white people? What does it say on there? And February or March is porom. February or March. February. You don't find no porom yet. By the way, next Monday we got a little bit of deliima here. You do know that, don't you? No. You don't see no porom on there? Oh, I know where I find it. Uh, one more please. Well, I didn't bring in my little blue book. I'll bring it tomorrow. I'll find out. Yeah, look it up. Speaking of that, speaking of next Monday is Martin Luther King Day. North Carolina County to fly Confederate flag the next Monday. Now see that headline makes it sound like really controversial. But when you read the rest of it, it's not quite so hysterical. Uh, Sanford, North Carolina, Lee County will fly Confederate flag at its courthouse in honor of Robert E. Lee's birthday on January 19. The same day is Martin Luther King, Junior holiday. Who? Now who do you like better? Robert E. Lee or Pickey Lee? Or Bremdally Lee majors. Or, uh, Lee Allen or Bremdally Lee. Get a power. Get a power. Robert E. Lee's society has flown the first national Confederate flag at the courthouse on January 19 for the past decade. The overlap has happened only once last 17 years. Commissioners in Lee County, North Carolina that is not Florida. Name that to the Confederate General to side of without discussion Monday to allow the flag to fly to fly. To look to flag fly. Maybe he's a flying, uh, mattress. The flag has got three red and white straps in a blue square with 11 stars and is not the San Andrews cross flag. Most associated with the wartime South. That even the same flag. Right. Black civic church and WACP leaders have said leaders have said the Robert E. Lee society has Everybody to celebrate its heroes and one of the other said that even a controversy in Sanford. Well, thank God for that. Okay. So live in right the article. What's the point? So they're trying to stir the pot again. Stir the pot. That one with the X, the stars and bars is the Confederate battle flag. I see. I got the Confederate flag. There's a fight in words, huh? Let's see. Napoleon sold all the man from Uncle Frank Brown as a character's name on Raymond. Frank Brown. Got it. Say it was Frank. Everybody loves Raymond. Frank. But Ron. Now this one Paul says his choice is Buffy. Okay. Okay. Nothing wrong with Buffy. How about Muffy. Incidentally, if Dean is comparable to George McGovern and 72, then who do you think will play the parts of Nixon Agnew and Ford? People forget what happened to Agnew. You mean resigning in disgrace and then of course he died. But I'm betting on Cheney to be forced out after he gets indicted. Imagine the scramble for the VP to resign and time to swear another in time to succeed Bush when he resigns after Dean wins so that you're over for its character. Get a kid part in them all. Very good. 56050505050 on a AT&T and Verizon Marlese Line. How's that pull coming? Lot of votes. Lot of votes. We could have thousands on here. What's your all-time favorite TV character? Homer Simpson 39. Al Bundy 35. Archie bunker 35. Cramer 19. Basil Fausty 16. Hawkeye Pierce 15. Cartman 14. Tony soprano 13. Lucy Ricoto 10. Seven for Bobby. Baby Stewie. And Boba Buuy. Ed Norton's got seven. Detective Arthur Dietrich's got six James Rockford six from the Rockford files. You think he'd had a thousand man or so. I don't know that's pretty weak show. Columbo six. For example right there. If I had it choose between Columbo and a Rockford father. No, no, no, no, no, no. You never said you never watched the Rockford files. I mean, I watched it once or twice. He got beat up a lot. They had to show. I didn't like to show. I watched Columbo. Columbo was fun. Yeah, that to. Who do you like better? Peter Faust or James. James Gardner. How about Errol Stanley Gardner? Two. Perry Mason, Earl Stanley Gardner. Columbo six kept in Kirk five red fourmen four. George fourmen and red fox. Larry David's. Sergeant Schultz four. Barney five. Four. Reverend Jim McThouskey three. Permacent three. Dr. Heathford. Huxstable. Three. Herman Munster three. Jettaro Bodeen three. Fred Sanford three. Mr. Spock's got a pair and boy. Are they big? Beaver. Three. Two. Louis DePombo one. Are big and are green. Fuzzy one. J.R. Ewing one. Frank Canna. What do you want to drink? Frank Canna one. I'll see. I thought you have a different Frank Canna because nobody else would. They won't. Come on. Somebody else. Please vote for Frank Canna. He's dead. William Conrad. He was great. Uncle Arthur one. Otis the town drunk one. Eateth bunker one. One for Asker Madison. None for Alexis Carrington. Napoleon solo. We've even know we've had four thousand. Facts about the man for Uncle and. None for sunny crocodile. Two eighty four. You got buffy under now. Yes. Good. Er. I. Frank. Science with liberal radio. You've said it about that. You okay. One. Says they haven't got a name or a long stay yet. But the entrepreneurs who dream of launching a liberal radio network have just landed themselves a lead man. Commedia investment on their Al Franken, who's much better in print by the way. He is. I know. Well, he's got time to think. Progress media is playing when ounce. Oh, left. I see. Why are they putting down today's web sounds? I don't get it. Well, they announced yesterday that they reached the agreement with Frank and host a live. Three hour daily broadcast that would form the anchor of the programming schedule according to people familiar with the matter. In an interview, Frank and said the format of the show was still evolving. But he said it was certain that it would not be akin to that used by his rival Rush Limbaugh, which Frank described as non-guested confrontation. He has nobody on the show, but it's confrontation, Frank and said he's show is just him railing for three hours. Well, that's what his audience wants to hear out. I hate to break the news to you. Other few said it called to their art there. Yeah. From inside the building. In City, plenty use a mix of interviews, calls from listeners and scripted comedy. He said he planned to have a co-host with long experience in radio, but he said that will hadn't been finalized yet. Frank and at Longman were going to be interested in deal with Progress media. The start-up company that's assembling radio stations in town for radio network to challenge conservative talk show powerhouses like Rush. But Frank and have been holding off at recent months. Probably if road is hot selling book lies and the lying liars who tell them. And probably because he had reservations about the previous owners of the venture. Things got more serious in terms of plenty of other stations and money to make this possible with a changing ownership he said. Last November the company was bought by an investment crew played by Mark Walsh, former AOL executive and advisor the Democratic National Committee from the venture capital has sheldon and needed drop me. And it goes on about he did this and this one did that in Yadiyani. Did that work even has to decide yet on name? Last month the company indicated with color radio network central air, which sounds like something for your house. But Walsh said yesterday the company's officer will be using that name. Putting Frank in the midday time slot of noon to 3pm he's doing his direct challenge to Limbaugh who is hugely successful sure occupies the same slot. Frank and at earlier book was called Rush Limbaugh's The Big Fadity of City Plants to call up his Nemesis for advice on his own show. Since Limbaugh's offensive he wonders why new radio host don't seek out his counsel. I'll ask him advice how he approaches the show all he frames an issue. If it doesn't happen it'll be very understandable because he won't take my call Frank and say. Yadiyani. She's going to be on noon to 3 somewhere. Oh boy that's 2 hours against us can we handle that? No. No. Like Miss Fudge said we're done. But keep the test coming thank you. It's all we care about. Like an impact even Joe Rose said to me this morning said you know what you're right. Take the money to the bank. See some of these people around here are slow learners. I told that to Mo yesterday. I'm talking to all of these guys. Mad dog learned real fast. Oh right. Hey to mind of the bank and they all thank me for instructing him. It's all in solid solid. All the rest of it is just window dressing. WQAM. Anya sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I want for the fall. Okay. Norm from Cheers. Okay you got him man. Hey hold on. Is he got the last name? Well just put normal cheers in. Uh uh one more thing. Yes. You know the how is things wife is Jewish right? How are deans wife is Jewish? Yeah. Yeah that's correct. Okay. And basically Clark's father is Jewish. The whole world is Jewish. The Pope is Jewish. The Pope is Jewish. Mahatma Gandhi is Jewish. Jesus Christ was Jewish. El Hibler was Jewish. Right. Fancy. Al Jolson was Jewish. He was a good birdman was Jewish. Humphrey Bogart Frank Sinatra. Ron Popeel. 567 Mickey Mouse 56750550 Walt Disney. 560 Charles Lindbergh. On the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Line. 8-L Fittler. Ah. See leave it to George. Just screw it all up. You just you can't out all of the rumors are though that he didn't have like a grand parent. Yes. He was self hating. 8-L Fittler. What? Somebody got his own radio show. He came in all Fittler. And then he rushed in here to the show. WQAM. QAM. Hello Neil. Yes sir. For the fall. Yes. Alpha's excellent. He's been making a bit of a comeback lately. Very good. What's not to like? Exactly. Thanks, Pally. Thank you sir. Alpha. If you don't like him, just step on him. Kind of like Maddie Bell. The step on his little ass. 560560. 560. 560. On the AT&T on Boats. Really a shock to me to see what Murray-Left has done to Miguel. Wow. Boy he looks bad. He's aging badly. Just wait for that baby. Show that. Oh man. Oh, she puffy. She's just wait till he's a pop. He is becoming real ugly real fast. I think since Doreen got blown out. What? He started age real fast since since we lost Doreen since he lost his other. Maybe she's taking the wrinkles out of it. His other arm. His other appendage. Poor Doreen. Won't see her no more. 560560. 560. 560. On the AT&T line we got that big one to two hour count up. We got the Mad Dog at two. The Humper is that crystal palace today. What a lucky stiffy his man. Plungin is guts out probably in the past. And I didn't get out of you. Don't let me forget Friday. I want to see his ass and Friday. Rest of Mike and wait till next week. 9. And look home. This is sports video 5604. You're way too way. Yeah. A bond to two hour. Hi, baby. I'm a girl. That I was going with. Down in New Orleans, welcome to Side by Side. I was who he was with him. But he was so lovely that I cried. But then I first was why. And I decided to pursue the car. And I was seven dollars. He couldn't go there and stand down. We got shot in the lake. We got shot in the lake. Oh, I feel like he's holding up for me. I really hurt now. I was bleeding all over the shore. He was going to be beaten up by low law. Oh, I'm going to die. Oh, my god. You were so lady now. But just the same thing in here, fellow. I can't come back to the special nations. The night all like our job in the lake. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. Oh, my god. I'm so free. You're a woman. And. 101 at 560WQ. This article here on CNN. Come this one. Maybe want to give up. Americans like Bush's qualities. Paul said they like a liar. They like somebody goes. And wants it over the cheeseburgers are. Yet Democrats said they have it. They made domestic issues. In other words, the issues. Not on that terrorism. No, I'm a world of ants. They want to they like can they like the cowboy. They like the gunslinger. We're going to go and smoke them out of their holes. Baby, out of those spider holes. In fact, how about spider man? Okay. Two thirds of Americans think President Bush has the right personal qualities for the presidency. You nearly have her more than Democratic Party would do a better job at major domestic issues. According to another poll, we got polls up the ass man. God. A CNN USA today Gallup poll released yesterday interviewed a thousand plus at all Americans last week in on Bush. An nationalist who's ranging from environmental security. The poll indicated that Bush's favorable standing with most Americans on his personal qualities is a main reason for his job of providing a 59% of most recent poll and similar high-mars and other polls. Everybody loves a liar. The poll also showed that 55% of those interviewed agree with Bush on issues that matter to them. Oh my God. Is that the book? Holy crap. Bro. Who sent that? Bring that in here right away. Even freaky Carlos gets high marks for a Russian that right in. Somebody actually brought me a copy to book. I would have paid him for it. It's hard. And the book too. That's what Carlos said. He said he was squeezing it because it was hard. Who's this from? There must be there's a note inside. Uh, it's from... Green Van Day. Thank you, Green Van Day. You're the best man. He is the best. He's great. Who's Green Van Day? He's got a Green Van. No. And why? Why? Because they painted a green. Do you know who this is? Yeah. He stopped by and brought us things before. He's great. Here's the book. I'll bring you my own personal copy. In fact, this hour instead of with a stupid pull, I could read some excerpts from this. Real quick. Because you know me. This vivid unfolding narrative is like, no other book that's been written about the Bush presidency or any that's likely to be written soon. And it's core are the candid assessments of former history, uh, uh, treasury secretary, Paul O'Neill. For two years in administration, topic and I'm a official, uh, principal of the National Security Council and a tutor to the new president. He's the only member of Bush's innermost servant to leave. And I'm a new degree to speak frankly about what's really been happening outside the White House. O'Neill's account is supported by suscines interviews with many participants in the administration by transcriptive meetings by voluminous documents that cover most areas of domestic and foreign policy. The result is a disclosure of breath and depth on parallel for non-going presidency. As readers are taken to the very epicenter of government as newsmaking body, offers a definitive view of the characters in conduct of Bush and if closest advisors and they manage crucial domestic policies and global strategies and time of life and death crises. Ron Susskahn was the Wall Street Journal Senior National Affairs reporter from 93 to 2000 when the Pulitzer Prize for Feature Writing while working there is recently attracted national attention with his groundbreaking articles about the Bush White House. He writes for S. Guar near York Times magazine other national publications. A peer is frequently as correspondent on PBS Network News. He's out through the bestselling and critically acclaimed day, hope in the unseen and distinguished visiting Scottler Dartmouth College, listen DC with his wife in two sons. How do you like that? Thanks again, Green of and Dave. Was it Dave and boring the burden? Dave and Green. Oh, be damned. Oh, and look at that. Look what they do now. Oh, look at that. They do. They stay in the, yeah, the fralists. They don't do that in the Toronto. They elect her to do Hickey. They stick to little UPC thing. They bury it. They bury in the middle of the books so we can't scrape it off because they don't trust anybody. Where did this come from? Well, it won't say. Walden books. Really? Walden books bags so I can only preserve it. Oh, thanks a lot again. Green of and Green Dave. Van Boring. What a guy. How much did this cost? I would like to have paid him like 26 bucks plus tax. How many how much a cost? About 30 men. Holy crap. Any broader enemy without, you know, questions. 39 bucks in Canada day. Oh, and the Canadian dollars were almost 80 cents now. God dammit. Then you bush. Man. Almost a buck 28 on the euro was used to be like about a year and a half ago 92 cents. A euro and a half ago. Yeah, a euro and a half ago used to be 92 cents. Now it's 128. Two years ago today Canadian dollar 62 cents today almost 80. Dollar is dropping like a. Una bomba una bomba Grande. Okay, but let's get back to our pool. I'll produce this as we go on. But now I got my hands on it. Okay, it seems to me a trip to a borders and during the next year 20 minutes there's so I just spent over there that's more reading time. In fact, I'll read it on a way home. Sure. Everybody else reads. You got quick. In fact, back now, now that we got all these new dohikis, you know, you get a little TV's in your your palm pilots and your phone that takes the picture. All the sort of data. Oh, yeah. Who the hell needs to be paying attention to the road? Can't be bothered by traffic. Everybody used to joke about the thing about having a TV in your car. You know, well, hey, why not? Now they got the laptops. Right. Can you convert to a auto TV? Mm-hmm. Well, why not? Well, it's auto erotic. 560560, pound 560, auto AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. You're all time favorite TV character. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Hey, gentlemen. Yes, sir. My favorite TV character was TJ Hooker. He helped me to puberty. Okay. All right. You got him on. Yeah. Okay, hooker got it. Got it. He said, now, any other hooker will do. LATKA from taxi. Oh, no, no, don't put it down. It's a list. I must have messed out. I will not deal with anybody. It sends me a list. I'm not only on this pool. Any pool. We're just going to smick in. It's just stupid. Because, because anybody can do that. Oh, here's a list of my favorite 50. Here's a list of 10. What? Who was your all time favorite TV character? I know it's not easy. Because there've been many, many million. What you got to choose one. That's what makes it interesting. Otherwise, it was a favorite. Right. Favorite. Not one of your favorites. Who it is like saying, what's your favorite flavor of ice cream? Well, you know, I like talking up with that. I like a butter rum and butter pecan. I like fish food. You know, I like a Hershey bars. Right. Yeah. Well, I mean, get with it. Man, it's a sad day. The S.H. word keeps coming to mind. They stupid words. What if the Americans can alert us speaking English? In big county. Never. Nukes, L. Poppell, in whatever it is. Is that in there? Oh, yeah. S.P. dash. That's what? Nukes? No. Oh, yeah. Here it is. I knew it was still in there. Nukes, L. Poppell. H.S. and P.O. H.S. and P.O. In La Waine. In La Waine. In La Waine. In La Waine. That is toilet. toilet? Let me hear that again. Nukes, L. Poppell, in all sorts. Because it's stupid. They say, K.O.P.E.H. That's the question. Don't forget the value or the strength of the word. I'm very sorry. But I'm not sorry. I'm not sorry. In La Waine. Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's the right term. Put your hand in the line. That's the right term. You may be mistaken as well. Keith. Keep your hand Scholars. Wh zum. Everyone. Thank you for joining me. who says we can't be private show five sexual abylangol afteraley Now you are like what yourCarl we are talking about about ugly monkey face guys There was no woman sealia cruise maybe Charlie cruise Now, or maybe C crews with Frankie Ford. By that. I don't know if there was a favorite thing she'd whip it out and say, see this? Let's go on a C crews. Maybe to Westland and Highly, check out the glory holes. 10 minutes after one at five, 60W. His good thing we're laughing and yuckin' it up today because it's already the end of the show on Wednesday almost. Wait till Friday at this time. Or whatever. This time. So we don't get a bonus. Yeah, big deal. Big snake and deal. It's happened before. And Miss Fudge. You're a good one to talk about ratings, Miss Fudge, okay? You fudge pack an asshole. You know, never twing. Road. What? Have we failed to make the bonus? Never once in a row. Well, that's some more. A couple of summers a row. Right? That was you. Don't say we need. Yeah. And on I would be. And not only that, but look at our, well, we did this summer. Great. In the sunshine state. So on your bull crab, Miss Fudge and on your weather right wing, Suckerman. Oh, gee, he's losing it. Yeah, lose this. Lose all the crab. Cut the ballooning, okay? And lose the encoder blow up now to while you're at it. Faggot. Hey, if you're in a really dead end job, if you're underpaid, New year's resolutions are going to make it happen. You got to do something. You got to put your plan to the action. Pick up the end. Stay out of radio. Trust me when I tell you. I don't care what that dick says. Pick up the protocol. Fast train toll free at 866 fast train. Classes start in January. So they're going on right now. If you're committed to dedicated fast train can help you on becoming a certified computer professional in just four count them four short months. That's right. Get you a new high pan career. And just four short months. The demand. Ainside that I fear. Yeah, I'm trying to think of like in the Dutch. Adine Dvah. Three notes. Russian. Ains. Twee. Ainswee. The demand for certified computer professionals is in all time high. Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes. Job placement assistance. Financial aid for people who qualify too. So if you're tired of working your ass off and not making any money, if you're tired of reaching in your pocket and find another near but a bunch of people in the Netherlands, Confast train toll free at 1-866 fast train. Check them out on the web at fast train.com. Whatever you do, don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Hop on it and get yourself a real life and a big fed paycheck. Call 1-866 fast train and be sure and tell them that Todd Drek told you to call. I've been to local fish fish fish five-sixty. The radio's on your top. You ate. I think it's a bonkass on me to let the SQL out. Set the SQL out. Music Listen to the sound of John John's falling flame. All they're making to go see. You think I'm a million there like KFK. Good afford a better play. This KFK had brought time by evil alone. A fiber of the cheap and crappy clean that flows. A burning defy heads about the only way. Now, hit me only when the lies you say. From what they call the Kennedy curse. You're daughter, the killed galley, wasn't lies you say. You're a bit so make on it. Get worse. Listen to the sound of John John's falling flame. But it's louder, but it's louder. For the day, we'll sound of John John's falling flame. But it's louder, but it's louder. Once 15 and five or six, we got some bad news for audio bushings out there. For audio right wing assholes for audio buschuggers. Test show no agent in Iraq murder shells. So secret agent then. Test by Danish and American experts indicate there is no chemical war for agents in murder shells on Earth last week. This part of this has chopped off in southern Iraq. But more testing is needed to confirm the findings the military reported today. Maybe they can stick some in there. The preliminary findings cast out with these suspicious shells will become the smoking gun, proving that Iraq still maintains a plies of banned chemical weapons when the US and the Allies launched the world of the war last March. The US led Iraq survey group conducted tests on five shells, none of them, count zero, zero, the big, oh, none of them showed traces even of chemical agents. The Danish Army said the statement released in beautiful Copenhagen. Based on the test, the experts conclude that none of the shells contained chemical war for agents in the test and in that more testing need for final confirmation, but don't hold your breath. It is believed the shells discovered last week by Danish troops there from the 1980-88 Iran Iraq War and right off the bat there were a hawken here. Oh, there's mustard gas and yati-ati-ati and see here's what we found something. Well, guess what? The answer is no, no, we didn't. So there's another black mark as they continue to line Arnold the pig. It says, please, that Arnold the pig from Greenek. Crazy was a far better actor than any of the others. Good point, excellent job. Let's see, Mark from Ork. He was a doork. Ralph Kramden, how could we leave out Ralph Kramden? We got a Norton on there, how could we leave out Ralph Kramden, right? Right. Can you imagine all the great people that have been on the characters they've left them out so far? Mm-hmm. Ziggins. We could do this pull for a jillion. For weeks. So, third of men. Right, we won't though. Who is your all-time favorite TV character Homer Simpson 49 like the old homo? Al Bundy 48, Archie Bunker 46. Kramer 23, Hawkeye Pierce 21, Eric Cartman 20, Basil Falti's got about 20. Tony Soprano 16, Lucy Ricardo, Lucy. She's got 12. James Rockford 10, baby stewy 9, Ed Norton 7, Colombo 7. Detective Arthur Dietrich. So, how about, uh, what was his name? He didn't have a name. Did he was just number six? Patrick, my going. Oh, he had a name. That's just what they called in there, but I forget. He was secret agent, man. Right. Oh, did he have a name? He did. I'll have to look it up. I'll be down. I'll have the information in it. Look up the prisoner. Have the information by midnight. Okay, where did I leave off? Well, we don't need to read all of our certain single digits. Larry David's got six. Whole bunch would seven. Fred Sanford, Captain Kirk, Ed Norton, Reverend Jim Ignitowski. I'm not going to go to the two of them. Paramacen's got the four. How about all iron sizes? Are you people, uh, discriminating against people in the wheelchairs? That is. Yeah, okay. Against hard work in the detectives, private dicks and wheelchairs. How about Neuro Wolf? Do you know any Neuro Wolf rucks down? No. Oh. But he, he liked those big, what were the flower orchids? He was an orchid man. Yeah. Not pansy's orchids, right? It's good buddy. We are much of our G. 5605605. They tried to make a TV show out of that. And boy, it was bad. God was it bad or what? Woo, Neuro Wolf. Just didn't translate on TV. WQAM. Yeah, I know. Pretty good sir. Little fine of course from a podcast show in New Town this morning. Guy called in and said he cleans the porno booth. Like the peeps shows? Yeah. Then he goes, oh God. You got a clean about the Neuro Rodgers? Yeah. Oh, it was weak. It was. For the, Paul you're thinking? Yes sir. How about Bill Kumall? Anybody that acts that flaming? It's got to be a good actor. Okay. 560560 obviously, a fact the other right there. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Of course he was listening to Pauli was that tiny. Maybe that's why we didn't do so well in November, Trenmy and Pauli because the facts didn't get the diaries. CBC Titans rules on Stockholm or ship business news never CNBC. What do I say CBC? Shame on me. CNBC is enacting tough rules on employees' personal investments. I moved your journalism experts say could spur a trend at other media outlets. Hoping to avoid conflicts of interest among reporters. Well it's about guy damn time. Now that we all lost our money based on your lies and bull crap, I can't believe that Ted David keeps calling his show. You know what? What? He loves you. He loves me but you know, he doesn't understand that it's not a joke. It's for real. Is real? Yeah. He doesn't care. That's right because he said he knew I have one dime in equity. He's got all his money and whatever he said. Bugs futures. No, no seriously. He doesn't have any money and equities. So they're on their peddling and hooking and putting all these people on there, putting over this fraud. They're the enablers. They're in a people who have enabled all of these people. This like the dot com thing. They were loving that on the gambling channel because their ratings were going through the roof. It was like a hobby. Making money. Big hobby every day. Oh, like all those ads that emiraterate thing. Oh, you're the when they had Clinton on there. Remember? Sure. You know, you're doing a way about your Mr. Boba. Boba. All the other crap. Yeah, let's buy a 30 shares. How many want to buy? Not 30 man. Yeah. That was all crap. Most of those that comes right up business. They're long gone. Just like your money. Here comes the money. There goes your money. But you do whatever you want. Okay, it's your money. Watch it disappear. I know why you're dead. WCWM, hello. I like fact in the. Yes, sir. Speaking. Oh, hey, Neil. I have to go. Pretty good. Hey, I just wanted to make a comment about favor. But you said the character from TV you're talking about? Yes, sir. I was going to say a $6 million. The suit. What was his name? I was like Steve Austin or some monor amin. I don't know. Do you know what he will know that? Okay. We'll put the $6 million man. $6 million man. And I just wanted to make an engine that's something to you too. That I didn't know if you were wearing that. That director was on the other day. And I'm not a big fan of his. Yeah. The thief is willing for someone else. Uh-huh. And he was the downs downpock in you and you. Oh, I know all about that. Who the hell cares what he was he has to say? No, I mean, I don't. That's a little point. I was listening to it. It just doesn't sound right. But the point is is that I just, um, even think, oh, clear channel didn't do this. And that just was basically. And I said, you know, this is the only show I like listening to. I every frankly, when every other radio show program comes out including Russell and I, I run the other direction. The only reason he's on the ear on cheap channels because he's a right wind self-hating faggot that's the only reason he's on there. Absolutely, man. I moved out here from California. And we're got, I can't believe the people that's on on the radio. Yeah. I want that. I can't imagine that the exact same people that live in houses next order mine is down the road because he just imagined what goes on in their heads with you here with they said, just forget about inside their house. Just look at what's going on in the road, man. I should tell you everything you need to know. Absolutely, but dude, I like I said, you keep me when I'm working during the day. You keep me entertained and I'm glad you're on the air. All right. See you at the border, man. They take it easy. Bye. Bye. Yeah, I missed what said this in this, but I said that all of them lies by the way, all of it lies. So there's a guy that really worries about his credibility. But what does he have to worry about? He's got a lot of rich and melonscared money behind him. He's a bang and that encoder blowup doll. He's got Bob Kunst, there whispering things into her ear. Fives into her ear. Five six seven, five six, the pound five, six, the on a AT&T and Verizon Marlese line. This we're building a gigantic, a magnificent list. Anyway, sure. I mean, look, I guess that could be a lot bigger. WQAM. You're right. Yes, sir. I got one three pull. Okay, lay it on us. A French, he's on her man. Are you? Got another one. Dr. John. I have to wait. Not another one. You get one and a board goes back. Two late. George Jefferson. Now that's what you might have been going to say. He said George, right? No. George Jefferson, I just yanked off the FX machine right now. Just yanked it off. Clean it up, Paul. John Drake, the prisoner. There you go. See, you don't have to look it up now. But they won't know who that is. No. The prisoner is good enough. Tell the who that is. Right? We got parentheses. Could put anything in between them. John Drake parentheses. The prisoner in parentheses. Number six. Who's number six? Who's number two? Right. Speaking of number two. See ya. Five six, seven, five, six, see an icon never figure out. Number one, number two, or number three when I was a kid. That's that's why I went a little bit, you know, I got to that fork in the road. I figured out one and two, but number three always confuse me a little bit. Five six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only eight. And you know something, you're your side tracking me with all this crap. I got the book, the price of loyalty by Ron Susskind would the picture a him in Paul O'Neill on the front jacket? Don't I, sorry, it's not a picture. Him is a picture of George W. Boy, excuse me, Ron, I apologize. A picture of W. And Paul O'Neill. On your list, maybe Howard and you and Jeff Rimmer. PR Rouse says which by the way, Topo Gigiil was not a character. He was a guest and act on the Sullivan show, just like senior win, win, winchy, that night. Yeah. It says maybe you are Howard and Jeff Rimmer and the can out get together for dinner and golf. No, I'll leave it up to them. We'll let them fight over picking up the check. Or can you imagine the long stare down on that deal? Just stare in each other. When I eat, no, you pick it up. Now when you go ahead, you go ahead. No, how about you? A meal from which nobody would ever leave. Talk about the last supper. Should I just read like a thing? Sure, yes, open it. Read. And I can't do that. We won't make any sense. I don't want to do that again. Like I got sucked into that Al Franken book that day. That guy, I hope that guy hit like a hang me. Or something like a bad himroid. That chapter. Oh, yeah. I mean, I picked out a couple of my own that I had read up front. Oh, no, you got to read the one about whatever it was. I didn't even come. Who was it? Oh, yeah, sure. See these people that are obsessed with God damn Fox. We don't watch Fox on this show. Okay, Fox can drop dead. Then was your report murdered out together. So all these pieces, that's childish. That's why nobody wants to listen to that so-called old-fashioned talk radio because it's like a bunch of over-road children is what it is. Oh, it's the right against the left and the left against the right and you're all right. Now I'm all wrong and it's Sean Hannity said this and the bill around he said that and you know, and I had to craft. Man, oh, man, it's for old people. I want to play in a sandbox and I hope that somebody changes their depends like Ednon passions, at least she's a panic. Bring her back, baby. We need a lot more misses wallas where that passions has go right in the old crap. I'm not far ready with Julian and Eve and Eve and Eve and Julian and T.C. and Whitney and Whitney and Chad. Florida, we had the hang and Chad on passions. They got the Schwarzer Chad which by the way, do something about that spaghetti haircut you got. 27 past one. See your smurking beauty if you saw, you said, what is that? What is that? So, Puppar? You know how they had that black squid pasta, have you ever seen that? Yeah, that's what his hair looks like now. He went away for a little while. They brought him back and he got like a whole bunch of squid our nesting on his head. Like that must-read on mode. Oh, sorry, Mo. Oh, speaking that, what a segue. Look at that, that's because I was holding the copy. I was holding it in my hand and squeezing it. And it was making yelpings sounds. Hey, all you guys out there, Mo isn't the only one. If your hair is like a gone, down the tubes, down the toilet, down the drain. Here's the answer for you, Chuck Alphiari. I've been talking about Charles Alphiari for years now. I would say nearly a third of me. Long time. And that's because all of those years he's been helping guys look their best with his natural hairline system which he keeps improving. He's got the best technology going and the difference is it looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to the muskwet that don't on mode's head. Or the one that's dry and then probably look what it's doing to poor Dennis Cassinage. He can't break a one share. He's great. He says all the right things. But if your hair looks like crap man, people they won't listen to what you're saying. They wouldn't look at the rest of your body. They just look at that thing on your head and just laugh their ass on. So if you want to look better when you're younger than you ever dreamed you could again. Call Chuck Alphiari, I mentioned you were just having extra 200 bucks. And you have nothing to lose but your bald spot which I always tell you. Because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day. Fuck, turn the man. Get ready. After a month, if you don't love the way it looks and smells and feels, if you're not getting lots and lots and lots of action or at least once, then Charlie give you your money back. Here's the toll free number to call to get some great look and hear. 1-800-3-21-24-13. That's 1-800-3-21-24-13 or for more info. Check out their website, Charles Alphiari or is it? CharlesAlphiari.com. Oh, my God. We're supposed to be in 5-6 months. You, A.M. Uh, one of the scenies up at there? Who is? Yes, Mo. Sit down. Won't you? I called this meeting because I care deeply for you. And as you probably know, I have a great deal of respect for you as a sports broad guy. With that continuing bump, but what gifts? All right, hold here. Here's a check for you. What's that for? It's to buy out the remainder of your contract. I'm afraid we can all agree with you in the morning. Thank you. What are you mean? What do you fire at me? Well, let me put it this way. You remember that grand piano you had Gellie drop on my head? Yeah, that was a panic. Well, that woke me up to the realization that I actually run a radio station. Now, if you were to be so kind to hand in the keys to your Compt Car and remove all your Compt Clothes, my lovely receptionist Carlos here will show you the door. We just a minute. Or else, what? Have you taken a good look at Carlos? Ah, all right. Oh, Carlos. Yes, Mr. E. Lisho, Mo, the door. This here's the door, honey. You don't show it to him. For now. Let's go, Mr. Watch the peg. Watch the peg. Oh, I got no good dirty. That night, the fire at a red smoke, how would it be? It's a waste facility or the gris deo aids. Stop it, baby. Oh, we know you can eat dinner dinner. And I can walk and make it the boat. I'll never go back in the next gig out of my room. I don't know but he loved me. I don't think respect me. But that, in why am I naked? Hold on my balls and a bit with his screen. Good luck, Kimo. And like I said, left out over to an L. Let's take a nice and slow. 132 at 5.60 W. W.M. I don't know. Somebody facts me this thing. Home delivered fresh cookies, a phone call, where are these people looking for a plug? Is that what I don't know? I don't get this. Article in the a herald, I guess. About home, home delivered fresh cookies. Do we want to plug these people? No, no. Unless you get some. And then it says, what about Luke Halburn? Help him. How? Luke Halburn? Who played sand? You can put sandy and then in parentheses. Ripper. Sandy Rick. Well, we don't need his last name. Oh, it's picking a Rick. I better not say it because he's been so nice to me. And I like him. He's a good guy. You know who I saw yesterday on channel six, which I almost never watched their news. But since I've been home, I'm watching him. Because I don't want to see the all-right rigors news. He was doing a promo for something. Well, I'll give you a clue. And then you see if you know who it is. Just let me give you a hint. Just a second. We're going to, oh, we got all that Rick Riley stuff. Damn it. Hey, Rick Riley, get lost. Oh, Rick, Sean. Uh, it's a lie. I am not, I'm not saying. Okay, I'm guess. Rick Sean? Yeah. Well, I wasn't going to waste all of that effort for Christ's sake. Jesus. Now, Rick, please. I don't, I never really paid that much attention to whether he was like, Chubby. I guess he was a little on the Chubby side. But Rick, you're like, pork it up, baby. Like all the rest of us. Don't do it, man. You're a good guy. You've been on either her 40 years. I've been on the ear. But third man. Being just badly. Everybody, everybody, that's all we talk about is uh, this one's fat and that one's fat and everybody just keep getting fat and fat and fat and fat. It's uh, it's a disease. Bro, test. I got so much stuff here. Man, oh, man, are we going to have time? I got the book to read. I should read the whole book on the ear. Okay. That is not a well about a 0.00. Oh, first we had the bad news about the weapons and master's destruction which turned out to be empty. The mortar shells. Well, guess what? Who's saying more in your rackets to be where outside fighters document says? Remember all that crap about the ties between Al Qaeda and the Sodom who's saying? Oh, no, no, don't tell us that the president lied to us. That's one of those personal qualities that Americans admire about him is either a chronic liar like Greg Reed. Sodom who's saying more in his rackets and porters to be wary of joining forces with foreign Arab fighters ending your uh, entering your rack to battle American troops. According to a document found with the former Raki leader when he was captured, Bush administration officials said yesterday, the document appears to be a directive written after he lost power from Mr. Hussein to leaders of the Iraqi resistance counseling caution against getting too close to Islamic jihadist and other foreign Arabs coming into occupied Iraq. It provides a second piece of evidence challenging the Bush administration's contention of post cooperation between Mr. Hussein's government and terrorist from Al Qaeda. CIA interrogators have already elicited from top Al Qaeda officials and custody that before the American letter of Asian, Osala bin Laden had rejected and treaties from some of his latinans to work jointly with Mr. Hussein. Official said Mr. Hussein apparently believed that the foreign Arab zigger for a holy war against the West had a different agenda from the bautist who were eager for the wrong return to power and bagged that. As a result he wanted his supporters to be careful about becoming close allies with the jihadist officials from any of the documents said. What are you going to the law? Another lie from day one had we all mentioned. That's what we've always done. That's what everybody knew if they had a brain. And even though it's right there in black and white and pink. Now this mark was one of our really great factions lately and I was hesitant, but I mean lately has been full of stuff. Wait to hear this. This is a very perspicacious on a better acute that thing up again. A better cue up. I can't find it. Anyway, he's got a whole observation on why people though are Anderson network now. I'm a man. I don't think it's a low-hoo. He says both human George mentioned how difficult is to get people to appreciate the movie network. I think network is great, but it suffers from one problem. Patty Tri-F ski was too prescient. Too many things that he foresaw then and used for wild satair are commonplace now. Right. The satair's completely lost on audiences either too young or too stupid to remember things haven't always been the way they are now. Excellent point. Like people who watch the work Sanchezio, both of them. It starts with the very first scene in the movie which shows four TV screens in which each of the network news anchors in the mid 70s. Howard Cacema TVC John Chancellor NBC Walter Crunkite CBS and Howard V. L. UBS, who used to say, The point was to show that Bill was part of this distinguished fraternity the men who brought us the news, dignified, respectable and dependable. What happens as Bill unravels is made more startling than I would read just from the starting point. Now, of course, it is this viewpoint of the news that's unraveled. We have Fox News, the history among the MSNBCC and Ends, there's no longer any small dignified group of wise men who bring us the news, Edward Armer, or Huntley and Brickly, etc. are literally unimaginable today. And as you mentioned yesterday, most young people get their news from alternate sources. Anyway, thank God. Thank you. Good. The tabloidization of the news which we take for granted today was another thing that was presented as sat there. The same thing goes for the reality programming. That's what Diana Christensen wanted. I'll get back to you, Diana. She would have been perfectly at home with fear factor and 76, however reality programming was pure fiction thought up by Tiaiske. Even the sub themes suffer the same fate. The danger of a huge non-media conglomerate, CCA owning a network of managing the news, is today's media consolidation in Karnit. And the Saudis using their money influence over a network, held a only F and White House, the Fugun White House. And he says the same fate has been fallen in another excellent movie written by Tiaiske, the hospital, which was the darkest sat there ever since during Turchy Scott. If you haven't seen it recently, check it out. See it at many times. It's great. It is great. It's great. It's a small one for somebody who despises the medical professionals as much as I do, who knows that all the performing to wrong operation, somebody goes in for a... His rectamy. I just direct him and they chop off a leg. You know what I mean? Like that. As an example. Somebody goes in to have a hemorrhidectomy and they like chop off two arms. If you haven't seen it recently, check it out, which we have, but you people should see it. Host the hospital. When Scott starts to rant how doctors are entering into businessmen as opposed to physicians, you can only recall fondly how medicine used to be practiced in this country. Sorry for the rances, Mark, but I love freaking that work. And... Thanks, Mark. God, these facts are just pouring in. And then there's MOD. Somebody actually like MOD? I like Adrian's Barbose. Yeah, but she did. I like it. I like it. I like her. But Zumbus too. And anyway, we could put MOD on there. I can't believe anybody actually liked that. But she was nasty. She was hard to take. She was like the four-runner of the, like a younger nanny. You know what I mean? The nanny. Boy. In fact, if you watch the nanny and I'm surprised they don't bring it back, put it on Fox News. A Fox entertainment. Because if you watch enough, you'll start believing that the Bush people have a point. 21 till 2 at 5.60 WQAM. Want to talk about a good friend's Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. Locally, don't operate to these guys have been treating people right for years and guess what? That's why they're still around. Locally, the on US-1, 20 minutes off of the E36, Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead, is well worth the drive no matter where you are to save yourself a crapload of cash, thousands of dollars on brand new to others. Check out these great unbeatable lease prices. Get yourself an O4 to come a two-wheel drive regular cab for just 169 bucks a month. An O4 Echo only 1709 a month. How about an O4 SELICAR GT? You pay only 209 a month, even George could almost afford that. With every car purchase, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, you'll get free some pasts and don't forget they were the first dealer in the area to offer you free tires and batteries for life. If you're looking for an SUV, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead about a huge assortment of RAV 4's, Highlanders, 4 runners, Sequoia's land cruisers too. By the way, do you see they're going to be paying like three bucks a gallon of for gas here next summer? Yes, oh God. General manager David Richen is staff who'll do whatever it takes to put you in an Toyota Day experience. The Armstrong's Toyota Homestead difference, they're committed to 100% customers satisfaction. The service department is open week nights till 8 pm to make sure they get all the service work done. In other words, they'll treat you right. Conveniently located on US-1 to a 93rd street in the homestead, just 20 minutes out of the 836. So if you're really sick and tired of those mega dealers who over-promise an under-deliver, then called David Rich, Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM, Callum 305242-3247. 305-242-3247 Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, Drive a little and say, well, have a lot on your brand new Toyota. Pretty in, dumb as dirt. Tonight on Animal Planet. Hello, right? Today I take the little bar below and we share with my wild elephant. Righty, there's one now. Calm down, little fella. Let your my baby how gentle you are. There you go, big fella. Lift your foot. Yes, nothing. Now, I'll just place your bubble. There you go, Bob. I are a tough little dingo. I should tell you, this is a tap dancing elephant. With the appropriate building, you'll stop tap dancing. Here, watch. One, two, hit it. It's 16 till 2 at 5, 16 W to Q and 47 votes. Somebody says, Baretta, you're all time favorite TV character. We got Baretta on there, got it. If they had it coming. We're used to stop already, she's dead. What more do you want? Do you want like a pound of flesh? Hmm, not from that bitch. No. Uh, Hank on the Larry A. Sanders show. Thanks somebody from Larry A. Sanders show. You got it. Yeah. You have Luke Halpin from Flipper, Sandy? Oh, I forgot. Yeah, Sandy, you bastard, you man. Sandy from a Flipper, Sandy Ricks. And raise your ricks. And bud. And bud. That ugly little brother, bud. He was all getting in the way. Always pulling it, too. Try your magic, go, Flipper. Pudster. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I'm distracted because I just got this book in my head. I wish I could quit wasting my time with the show. I mean, just read the book. The price of loyalty, it's in your bookstores right now, George W. Bush, the White House, and the education of Paul O'Neill by Ron Susskine, Pulitzer Prize winning author. It's great. And that stuff I read at the beginning about the cheeseburgers. What does that tell ya? But America likes those qualities. That's why we're all so goddamn fan. Who the hell do you know? Don't like a good cheeseburger. Nobody. Nobody. Simply be some Orthodox. WQA and hello. Pretty good sir. Uh, John Luke Picard. John Luke Picard. See, you've got a mine. I think so. Okay, be me out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. We'll get as many as we can. I'll be putting it in the show and then you hop on it and vote on theorages.com. Homer Simpson 57, Archie Bunker 56, Albundie 50. We got a really good three way battle going there. I mean, if I have to choose between the three. I mean, as Simpson's is fine. It's a good show. You like it? Yeah. It's a very good show. I don't watch it. I don't watch that one. It's a cartoon. I don't know what it is. I mean, for example, a bullwinkle I like. If they brought bullwinkle back now, I watched it every day. I love bullwinkle. I guess the grandfathered in cartoons you'll watch. You won't watch a new cartoon. What does that mean? Grandfathered in. Like cartoons that you liked when you were young, you'll watch it. Oh, it's got nothing to do with when I was young. It was just a fabulous show. It was fabulous. Yes. Indeed. And the sense is very good. It's outparking sensational. I'm going to bring that movie to bring me the movie. Can't find it. Homer Simpson 57, Archie Bunker 56, Albundey 50, Kramer 31, that's Brad Kramer. A Basil Faulty 26, Hawkeye Pierce 22, Eric Cartman 22. Tony's a Prano 18. James Rockford 15. Nobody voted for, what's his name? I'm a partridge family. Danny, got a duty. James Rockford 15, Lucy Ricardo 14, Captain Kirkfort 11. Baby Stewie 10, Fred Sanford 9, 8 for Colombo, 7 for Ed Norton and a bunch of other single digits. Losers lagging behind. WQAM hello. Hey, Neil. Is Christopher Louis, character from taxi on your pole? Reverend James. Robert Benjamin, yes, he is. How about Lothka? There you go. There he is again. They're both on there, by the way. Potato Lothka. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, to give us a list of your 6,000 favorite characters from your 40,000 favorite TV shows. Then tomorrow we'll do your 75,000 favorite movies of all time. You know, we once did that thing. I know we did it before and I'm tempted to do it again. Hello, you know, we can encourage, although sometimes it's a bad mistake. People to see movies that you would suggest that you think most people haven't seen. You know, obscure movies like Gone with the Wind. See, the problem with that is that what's obscured to them. What about that? Now work would be okay. Because it's 28 years old. See, I'm talking about older movies. Right. In fact, if we if we were to it right, it would make a difference. No, it might. No. No, it's seriously because for the younger people the punks out there, they're the whippersnappers who think that, you know, you know, it's got to have like, like you said before, it's got to have like a action killer, all this girl. Yeah, well, personal first. If it don't have personal things and the hell with it, lasers, like pre pick a year, like pre 85 movies, pre 80. Okay. Our pre 80 movie that you think most people haven't should see. Regardless of what you think. If you say that what you, that's that's just doesn't matter what you create. You can look. Think it's something like that. See, it'll look like the old S.H. factory again. Stupid. Yeah. But I think that's a possibility. And I'm not doing it just a killer pool, but, but, no, seriously, I think that we can, now that you, it didn't used to be the way it is now. I mean, used to be when everything was on VHS. You go into your video story. And it was like, you are fairly small selection. Now, not only with the tape, but also now with DVDs, just about any movie that's ever been invented that more than five people watch it. It's there or if you can't find it in your store, you would Amazon.com, which I can't tell you how much I love and I love them. They are the greatest. They, uh, they should be a billion dollars in stock because I would promote them from now to the end of time. Free shipping, the stuff is there. They give you a track a number. She's a problem. It shows up like exactly when I tell you. Don't hit him for another website of the other guy. Right. Right. What is not to like on Amazon fricking.com? I love it. So what I'm starting to say is if you can't find it in your story, just go on there and say, you waited a couple of days. And about a big mirror, it is different books too. You might see it in cities, evil books like that one. That is correct. Just like that book about the cat with church, right? And find out my book, stir, I got it. Amazon.com. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. QAM. Go ahead. I have to be Archie Bunker. Okay. Thanks a lot, Charlie. Archie Bunker has got 56 votes. We should put him on the list. Oh yeah, let's put our, he just tuned in probably. Okay. Don't be so hostile with these guy damn money. We can't afford to lose no more listeners. But like I always said, he'll like to show. See you. I just refused to do that. This business is sucking up to people. You know, just like that right when you smuck before, that's trying to, you know, I mean, the whole thing is phony anyway. Phony is an 85 dollar bill. And well, you know, if you don't do the show this way, I've listened. What do I care about one schmuck with a fax machine? What do I give a crap if you listen more and now? We got plenty of other fish in the sea out there who enjoy the show. We don't have it in your complaints. Who don't, if they wanted to hear Rush Limbao Jr., they turned on Frick and Rush Limbao. Senior. Exactly. They check out Limbao Rock Jr. and Limbao Rock Senior. And they can, they can listen to a, uh, snit. Yeah, they can listen to the schmuck. And then they can also listen to Bill O'Ranik, as nobody else does. You know, his radio ratings is bad as they are here, which there's, there's, there's in minus infinity. In New York, you don't do nothing either. There's nothing. Good. Yeah. There's hell. So the only reason he has any audiences because of the fox news thing, the sick offense, the right wing assels, whose entire lives are so much of it. They're the same as the people who watch the 700 Club. The same thing. Mm-hmm. Without as much, uh, lower a garden Jesus. Or he slips it in. And without as much snoring and drooling. Nine minutes till two at five sixty QM, the mad dog at two, the humper from the Crystal Palace and the Bahamas at four. My, my, and local. Your sports radio five sixty QM. You, A, M. Ah. Baby, time to see that we're lacking in the cold. Baby, I'm about to head by that will be you by the cold. You say, and say, is the one, he gets down there. I've only one, they take to the right. Don't point about to die. We got them. That will help me and say, you got them. We won't let them hide this down there. We got them. Please touch my teeth. You say, none of the levels would take our future to be. Can't get any gummoo, but open for the call to be. You believe in me, what they say, and they say, like the call to the call. Wonderful, as they you may be. The story of the states of the war, with true, healthy election law. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. We got them. He like I said, like the 700 Club, praise bush like Jesus, the same low, same crowd. 155 at 560 WC, here's the fact, did you ever find out the name of the Diner, just north of Oakland Park, put about an Andrew Zavano. If you didn't, I think you were thinking of calbs. But it wasn't a Diner. It says calbs had a great bakery inside. It's now called Joe's. Remember the golf gas station in the corner of Oak Park, but we're an Andrew. Oh yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Not really. We don't have no golf no more do we? That's what I've seen. That's what I've seen. And we don't have no snoko no more do we? That that's seen lately. It's an oku you staved all the different like six types different grades. Thirty five bucks a gallon. Oh, that's a dinosaur. We'll see that in a moment. Anyway, the fact that it says finally I got in the SL service. We're in Ruskin Florida. Where's Ruskin? Oh lucky then. I wish I could. Where's it? Up yonder. It says now I can listen to your show. There is a god. It says meaning. I did in my home recording studio. Such as it is is an anti bush iraq song reminiscent of Homer and Jethro style. My friends love it. It urged me to send it to you for your review. If you like it, Okay. Thank you very much Robert. Please set well. Whip it along. And the take two. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all we can with the nation of this bush disease. We got to do all of this bush disease. We got to move the nation to this bush disease. This bush disease is not a genity. We got to do all thatystem. We all have a genity. We are these used to proved that the Korean culture was performed thus far. We did not expect this can have mixed 1. We cholesterol impacts why ms density began faster. We put hadi. Rehov well. A byk Caron. We expect dead. We out at humans. I thought I lost the book. I thought it just vanished. I thought maybe the book police gave it a grand end. No, I put it down there with my interest I bet it can my little bad my sack to take it all. They have viz. I put it with my sack. In fact, Mowl on me his sack to take carry around with me. Did he empty it first? In case no. So you do it. WQAM hello. Hello, Marty. Yes sir. You you you you you have the bad you. There's a little after the color on your phone. You left the best you're off man. JJ ever. Some good times. I'm right. JJ. You got to have. I'm right. I don't want to be. Now he's better. All right. I love you. See you. How many grids gave him the schmets is what I heard. JJ. Got a JJ walker. Got it. I've arrived. Oh, he's annoying is what he did. I mean he used to be funny a little bit. He's annoying. Even what's your name from what was your name? Mr. Roll. Florida. She said she's dead. It's happened by the way. What? They're last name on the show. I don't care. 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon. Oh, who's the other Evan's the other kid? Dale. Dale Evans and the Rar Rajas. How about them? How about happy. How about have a long cancety? How about what's his name? How do you do to you? How do he's duty? He's a character. You ever smell how do he's duty? It was a little wooden factor. That's why Bob Smith finally retired. He got tired of cleaning up how do he's duty? W to Q AM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Can I get a belt in? Go ahead. Okay. Number six. We got it. Oh, didn't get it. What's the great John what? George. What's the guy's on the Johnny Walker? No John something on the prison. We got it on the list there. I can't. Let me look on the list. What does that mean? We got 40,000 names on. Listen, I'm sure Eric ain't too happy. We go towards the bottom. We got John Luke Picard. We got Sandy Rick from Flipper. We got, uh, who is it? The prisoner. He's not on here. Ha ha ha. You know, you're giving me a song to dance but all these ones that you sent to Eric. Yamaha and I put the... Oh, here it is. John, right the prisoner's got to pair already. Patrick McGool in a great great series. A little bit too intellectual for most Americans because the S8's were at stands in the way standing for stupid. Now listen, speaking of stupid. Let's get back to somewhere that Danny and David and Dolphin talk. We got the mad dog coming along. Next to him. He ain't stupid man. He is. He is so sharp. He took out of my playbook man. Stole the old song for my playbook. He works four days a year. He gets paid for about 30 minutes. And he's kicking some serious ass. The mad dog from the Bahamas coming along at four. Bye bye.