What are we gonna do all the boys' cases there? We're gonna build a video of Johnny Joe's take care of you. We are sports-win-all five games, so we're in 2AM, my enemy 4D. I'd say she's a dog, but there'd be any sorry, you know how much of a dog that's running? But what? Oh, I can't find a call here, and I know the one thing that's been a mo-ha-lady thing that I need to show him. I don't even know how you have children. They're a mom, hello. I want your take on J.P. J.P. is a great court, and I can a good joke. I like J.P. I really not the most in these baddest, nor are they smooth, the cops. Oh yeah! I'm gonna be good, what you say here. Oh, keep the tank your mom. Oh, no, wait a minute, go go. I have nothing else to say. Oh, I got this. I was the one that's down there in the mirror, Mom. I'm gonna down the street, some of you. I have to go. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, I have to go. I told you what, I told you all that I'm great. How's that, haven't? I'll give you one of my old tank patients. How's that? I'm not going to. No, hey, true. That worked out really poorly. We had it. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. It was a long time ago. Wow! That's it. It was a long time ago. I knew that I could stay in the round. So closing with both. You want to lie, I want to go home. I can't get out of the city. I wrote past love, yet suddenly. You got your family back. Wait, you're fine. I'm fine. I know it's closed. Once I've escaped. Almost every day I see. And my veins will slowly start to grow. I had to know even the toy toy toy toy. Yeah, I'm home. But I'm far away from home. I've forgotten to end the old man. I know that his toy toy toy toys toy toyknown. My loyal friend Ne Ч Z Blutliana in sight has found him this film I'm home. I'll get you in the game, and those are yours. Don't take advantage of it. I'm home, honey. No, no. Who's her friend? I'm telling you, that's great. Of course, all the crime for Jackie Johnson. Yeah. Boy, you talk about overrated. All right, right. You're about Jackie Johnson and Ronald Reagan, I'll say. Is there anything to be a brepher first year at this point? Here's a fact that says, Paul and old Ron are not doing web polls. Can you believe the nerve of these copycans? Yeah, sure. Quite easily. The copy reading else we do. Everybody else does what I hope. But now they copy that. In fact, remember, onlet they used to work on it, show? He told me that every time Paul farts it's an egg fart. That's how unoriginal he is. That's what he told me. He got a figure about it. I've voted on their poll. They wanted a who's going to replace who should replace Jackie Johnson on channel 7. Not that I care because first of all, I'm almost never there to see it anyway. Number two, I would never watch channel 7. Number three, Jackie Johnson's a horse face with big breasts. See, the size, the size, crown. The size, the size, the size, whatever you call them. Or just into big breasts and big penises and don't care what it's attached to. I have nothing but content in this may for those people. They're entitled, but I find that rather, I don't know. She has a pretty face. Who? Jackie Johnson? No, she is not. Okay. We've already been to this million times. She's got a donkey face. Okay. But anyway, Jackie Gerudo from a unibis and banked traces, I had way ahead. I voted for Bob Weaver. He was doing very well on there. He needs to do something. He's gone for a second place with 18%. So nice Paul, a nice Paul Paul, how about that goes? It goes Paul, Paul. Yeah, nice Paul, Paul. It is. I didn't even, look at this, it's a more good idea. It's a time goes on because obviously he has a sure going to need to make no, no much thing about that. Let's see, what we tell patients, South Florida, you hate the most. Those are Polios, they're very popular, Paul. A lot more popular than the weather. I didn't see actually how many votes were on there. Now, that would have been interesting. They only show you percentages. But like the QA and website because the numbers would be very embarrassing. In other words, a total number of votes might be. Not good in the end. Yeah, which is a little embarrassing. We have no problem showing that we had 1768 votes on our Polios today. And if most people didn't have AOL, we'd have probably had about 5,000. But they can't do it. What retail place in South Florida, you hate the most, Walmart wins early, handily with 452. I will be acquitted to Winvisi for being a strong second with 331. Now let me just say this because I did read that Winvisi is doing some refurbishing and some, you know, fixingism. They need to do a lot more than just refurbishing. You people who win Vixie, if you were smart. Not like Fredo, but if you're really smart, you would like revolutionize your stores and put the invest money to make them much spank and bread. And I'm talking about, or just spank them. Anyway, they have 231 win Vixie. A lot of people are not too into their schmutz. Grays smart 184. And you were nervous about putting them on there. I don't understand quite frankly. What do we have to do without Goldstein? I don't know anybody by that name. Brandt. Brandt. It's not a fact that people at work at brands march a lot of them who like me. It's just that the ownership for management will be over there. Those born again, they say, hate me like poison. So I would never shop there again. I wouldn't care if they gave it to merchandise for free, although. Ekriz 157 came out 119 and then it's way down. Radio Shack 92. And they want your name address, you size. They want to know how big it is. Rums to go 72. Home Depot 57. Best Buy 49. Compio S-45. Pepp Boy is 43. I hate that name. That name just bothers me. I've always had. I've never bought anything there, but I just don't like that name. Pepp Boy. What does that mean? What would you call it? Yeah. Boy. No, seriously. Pepp Boy sounds like like pepto-bus-mall. Yeah. A sour stomach or something like pepsi. Circuit City 40. There's a lot of other by Peter's Road in University. Do you hear where that one is? No. You know? I mean, I'm trying to get a shop there. And then there's one that opened. There's one open park. But it's just a fine stir, but anyway, they didn't do all that great anyway. 38. Bird eyes, which is not Bird eyes, may see 34. Is also the one that is that all of their stores are just the one in the mayse's mall. Yeah, I don't know. That was a shop. It was the Bird eyes. I would be a Paul. This is the Bird eyes and the Bird mall was Bird eyes. I don't know if that would have been a shop there because I like what's the place I like. The Miller Doolers. Yeah. It was a beautiful story. It's a over price, but look, there's a lot of people standing around in there waiting to wait on. You know, they just, yeah. I feel so bad every time I go in there. They got great merchandise over price. But I don't care about that. It's clean. I'm not looking for a beautiful store. Please go to the Doolers and keep them in business. Matthews, July 25, Sam's Club 17, which Josh told us story. I told him to destroy this movie. I'm not sure how they wanted to buy two big bottles of soda and they stuck them out of the counter. So what do you have to buy for? Somebody who spends like 300 bucks in your store. It's 300 bucks in the store because they're setting up their apartment and going in by no whole bunch of crap. And they wanted to buy just two big boxes in his cereal and two big two-leater bottles of soda. Oh, no, we got to put those in the counter because you can only buy four. But, whoever, can you imagine going there? Yeah. Public's. And you put your merchandise down in the counter. You have two big store lines. Oh, sorry, we'll put those on her. You have to buy four. What? I'm like, can you look me in the base and tell me that that's right? And you just like, yeah? You know, that's our policy. Really? I would have spitting his face just like the beast in the old and the most couple days. I would have, you know, I'm going to tell you this, this radio station. I bet it's not the audience for a long time. It's not a real radio station. It's a circus, you know. But the story that the beast related to me about an hour ago is just, even I am still having trouble with digesting that. After all the crap I've seen, I've been in this business a million years. Not third year. Not third year. Not longer than that. 44 years. I've told him this God forsaken crack business. And I'm going to tell you. I have never heard of anything like, have you? No, no. It's one thing, a prank something like that. People will put you out of the cube. Funny what it was. I was at 13. I was in the pool. Okay. Now we should say that we've had some stories. We've seen some things and, you know, I've seen some things. Yeah, no. We don't want to hear about those. Yeah. You would. You'd be able to hear it all this, you know, it's crazy. Radio's crazy. But not like this. Never like this. Never like this. So evidently, you wouldn't have had yesterday. And of course, Mo is just, it sounds like that scene from the hit your. We're see Thomas Howard. I should record your hour. I'm going to jail and he goes. And spit all over his chin. You know, and I record how I kind of wipes it off at that very bizarre look on his face. And, uh, there's something going on between those two. And also, like, huh? Remember Clockwork Orange, same kind of a thing there, Mr. Deltoids. No, yeah, right. Alex there because he has a hot spot. Yeah, certainly do. Mr. Deltoids. My on-home, Mr. Deltoids. Yeah. But in any rate, so, um, Mo Howard David, it takes a couple of water out of a bottle of bottle of water. And spit right in the beast face. Uh, that's correct. Right. So then this morning, just to show that he had the cohones to get even with him. And I guess this is the spinning challenge. Rumor has it that Josh Beckett is going to be thrown a spinner. And that's going to be in his repertoire, but it's not going to be spit. But at any rate, uh, so now the beast takes a couple of water and spits all over a moose, uh, plus his his better. That's sex. Wow. And then, logos running in on the Joe Rochode when I was breathlessly there. He, I did my hat to the base. I didn't think he had the cohones to do it, but I did my, see, he's trying desperately to suck around with him again. I mean, he's made the rounds with everybody else in the building or anything to do with him. So now he's going back to the beast. He's going back to square one because I think other than getting Carol and Shrubbough, and I showed the beast was the first one and try to get fired at it even before you. No, I was the first. Were you the first daughter of the first while I didn't work? Although, it came pretty close. You'd be amazed in how strong would it in a heirs breath. I didn't even rate. So they're like a spit and upper storm there on the morning show. His moatries once again to find somebody to latch on to to cling on to. It's still a warning. No Jackie Johnson, I've said it that. She's got Jackie Johnson and the beat hands down your pants. She's behind our beating curtain today. You wouldn't agree that it's still a warning. Looks better than Jackie Johnson on a bad day. Oh, yeah, though it's still a warning. Looks better than Jackie Johnson. He's still a warning. Somebody that if you've got a said it about her, I'd say, now I can understand that I can, I can, you know, definitely feed your joy. But this Jackie Johnson built this. This Jackie Johnson business is just overdone with, in fact, that made it good pull. What's been overdone more Jackie Johnson, how hot he is, or Ronald Reagan's death. Oh, there's nobody in a box, by the way. I don't care what anybody says. If that wouldn't surprise me if one of these minutes it pops open and Gordon Litty jumps out. He's in over the rat. A stellar warning is a strawberry blonde vixen who's well on a way to fame and fortune is tons of fans. Why do we catch a glimpse of her? She's a former professional swimmer whose model first force illustrated swim suit addition can be some ad billboards everywhere. As quite a change from the young model only a few years ago was close to going to the Olympic Games as an actual champion swimmer than doing the one ways of the first catwalk. A stellar warning was born December 23, 1978, to an elementary school principal mother and automobile self-infather. The body of a swimmer with a face of a wayward girl that could be more or more lurring by a still zone admission she likes to pass around nude considers clothing irrelevant. A stellar declares coming from a Burmig-Code child that is a swimmer makes one really comfortable with my body. Uncomfortable with her body. Well, if you'd like to be as a professional swimmer, a stellar move to Toronto at the age of 12. To train with an national secret ass swim team. A stellar already been living on her own in Toronto for four years so the moved in the York City to pursue a modeling career was done in the physical one. Her father became a manager, modeling age when a star decided to exchange the pool bottles for a high heels and a very smart career move. Next thing is to learn how to do a photo shoot with professional fashion photographer Ellen von Unworth and posing for Italian Vogue. As words spread of her beauty so to direct exposure, now it's beautiful face with the cup of the French and Spanish Marie Claire, French German Spanish Italian L, German GQ as well as Yahoo Internet Life. And she's appeared for ads in 80 billion different things Chanel. As Belle hasn't changed much from her days growing up in the Ontario suburbs where she had the reputation in some of the likes to party, eh? She's not posing for photographers and Stella enjoys horseback riding. She likes to ride. Playing the piano singing and coarse swimming. She goes through a major door in a swim suit. Been featured in sports illustrated swim suit edition. Fraudic on the beaches with fellow models of the Tisha, Kastan, Heidi Klum. Am I saying that right? Yes. I still have this presently sound of modeling agencies in New York, Paris, London, Milano. And the sexy champion Supermodels doesn't take her town to be silver screen. Let's see she was born December 20, 1970 which makes her a bout about 25, you rotate. So she's behind the scenes currently. Now we leave it up that other stuff there that asked Croft Montage, you know it? Or if you fail to see that yesterday, trust me when I tell you. Oh, I'm so sorry. We were supposed to be a five-season boy, a two-way-year-old. Am I doing your honey? Descending our round with anticipation. I know you're a piano. Watching the clock and there are more. Yeah, I know. In the bells, rock the throat gets in the air now. I know. I know. And the bass sound people break down the door. I know how to relax those ones. Who's that that kids how to? Who's the one who's the kids how to? Who's the one who's the one who's the kids how to? Who's the one who's the one who's the kids how to? Who's the one who's the one who's the young taller Bertie and Your Little Buddies. I got a great idea of how they can say what 10 of my media Americans school system just teach fractured history and we only have to do is eliminate the teachers and just have a TV monitors up on there. One with CNN and one with Fox News News and one with MSNBC. Oh, there's a watch all day and we're in the fractured history of the world in America. Like we're doing all this week with this Reagan crap. I mean, it's just, well, it ever and all. Man, here's a fast. It says, you know you win win, Dixie, when you hear the voice on the PA system announced. Now on sale, Oxtail, 49 cents compounded in the butcher department. Ha ha ha ha. It says, just a prevalent order of win this season after keeping out. Well, I don't want to say it's only win this year, but I've been in many supermarkets in my life. When you walk in and it just happens to be the right day and you're downwind from the seafood department. Oh, my God. On the right day. Wow. On any day when I got the, oh, and I even people at light fish, right? Like, please don't tell me the thing, do you enjoy that aroma? Are you kidding me? Oh, God. That's not fish. That's right. The smell of rotting fish and seafood. Ah, like you, well, not too rapidly. I don't want to say to that on the other side. You like hamburger, you like beef. Yeah. When it's gone bad, when you take it out of the fridge and it's gone bad, that's not a good smell. You mean, when you open up that package when you couldn't see what was in the side of the screen, I'd have to be gone in for a while. The mystery of meat. Britney Spears, Andrews, Lee, and has surgery. There's the bad news. And of course a lot of guys want to kiss it and make it better. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. I will. We will. to a scene for the video on a new single outrageous with rapper Snoop Dogg and the York City row of Queens, Spears was doing choreography when her knee gave out to us, and all poor baby. I'd like to say something featured in the movie Catwoman to out next month, Spears' skids in the beginning, North American Tour of June 22nd, and Hartford, Connecticut, and Roy Dwarr, while it should be playing a place like Hartford, Connecticut, what a lame ass town man is. For a latest album in the Zone of the Voice of November, Spears was forced to cancel two shows in March because of an e-injury, so let's seem like her knees are just given out. Kind of like Monaco and Winsley, too much time on those knees, baby, and they start to run and down, given out. Here's our poll question today. I like this poll, we do this about once a year, and that's because none of us really know the names of any of these people anymore, but certainly our student audience still have some names for the poll, although, even back in the day we did know the names, who is your favorite torno actor or ancrisis of all time? I guess we also got to put on there, I don't watch torno, how's that? Let's see, let's say I've got Peter North, which would be mine, Bandy Woods, which I think ought to be a lot of people. I don't watch torno and how about I don't know any of the names, or I don't have one. I don't have what, I don't have one. I don't have a favorite. You don't have to because you like the honor. That's ridiculous. What kind of a choice is said, you better bone up on your walls and what I would have to do these polls all summer. You better start parlin some of Paul and Old Rounds' polls. No, thanks. Let's see, I don't know any of their names. Is that okay? Can we handle it? So, we have Peter North Bandy Woods, I don't watch torno, which we don't believe in, and I don't know any of their names, and then we can add a whole bunch of miners we go now in the national post of very, very, very right-wing publication here in Toronto. This morning on the editorial page, I'm sitting on the threw and reading the editorial's usually in a household near-long. This one, you're shocked that living crap out of me. It seems about a year ago, I read you one of the articles in there from the op-ed page about legalizing or decriminalizing pot. Remember that? Right? This one, this is not an op-ed piece. This is an editorial. From the national post, they tax the stores. It says, if you had any lingering doubt that the push to legalize marijuana is no longer limited to left-wing activists in aging hippies, a report this week from the Frazier Institute to the Race it, prepared by Stephen Easton and economics professor with salmon-pricy university, the report suggests that legalizing pot would bring economic benefits without inflicting any social harm. The Institute in insistent doesn't take formal positions on these sorts of issues, but the fact that they conservatively economist, writing for a conservative think tank would make it an unequivocal case for liberalizing our drug laws, if your shows how far our debate is come. As interesting as the source to the report is what it says, most legalization advocates focus on the pointlessness of settling otherwise law-abiding Canadians with criminal records or fines for indulging in a substance less dangerous or addictive than alcohol or tobacco and argument we agree with wholeheartedly. But Mr. Easton makes a different and no less compelling case that legalization would allow government rather than the black market to enjoy the spoils. As he put it if we treat marijuana like any other commodity we can tax it regulated and use the resources in this region, awaits rather than continue a war against consumption and production of slons since been lost. By his estimates, the marijuana industry in British Columbia alone worth more than $7 billion a year would inject at least $2 billion in the government coffer. That's just in BC alone. Of course, Canada is a long way from legalization and even decriminalization is proven a political hot potato with Tom Martin's liberals having stalled on reforms for some issue that in 2003 and Stephen Harper's Conservatives pledging to abandon them entirely. We hope this report will have convinced both men that our marijuana laws are indistirited overhaul. How do you like that, eh? A lot? Pretty amazing. Would you read that in a Harold or a son-centre? No, no chance. What is this fact say from Lynn? The operation in the article yesterday, General Cutting, is widely done in the Equand Racing Slice greeting world, the purpose of delinect bacterial intrusion is called a castlick. The surgical technique in which the vulva ellipse of the mayor are cut and sutures so that they go together making the vulva opening smaller. Well, thanks a lot, Lynn, for that technical information. Did you know that? No, that was misdeme. That even 1030 already we learned something. Here's something else, Arthur T. Alman, whose latest book Rogue State, America at World of the World of being Crowed Abelston, 96 of clock at books and books, 265, Ergon Avenue, who have been discussing his work and all day, question and answer session as well as sign copies of his book, It's a Paperback and you ought to be reading it. Thomas also also, Arthur, Miami City, the future of the High Respected Book which is the best southern Florida for more than three years. Got it six o'clock tonight at the Books and Books in the Gables, 265, Ergon Avenue. WDQA and Hello. How you doing, Uncle Mail? Sensational. I've listed you a lot of the fundamental and Michael Michael Mail. He's article today is tremendous. Did you hear it? I read it, it's not tremendous, it's okay, but I guess. It was that I got a lot better than that. I'm just saying it's just the war you keep on seeing is where you can reckon where you can go. Yes, give this because you've been on a block a little bit more. Yeah, there have never been this much of venom and wanker and anger to its one side of the country as it is from the right side these days. No, there have never been the country's never been as polarized and also there's never been this much of a fuss over any president who ever died other than Kennedy was assassinated and there was a young man at the time. Here's the guy that was 93 years old, it was dying for at least 10 years. And a lot of us believe that he already was going into the synology during a second firm in office and there's plenty of evidence to substantiate that. But this is like madness, it's like media madness. A lot of people be happy to have a day off the market get it. Right? Yeah, I'm getting it. I'll bet. Nice big day off tomorrow. It's an actual holiday to markets. They're going to be closed. Banks are going to be closed all of these things. It's just all of these things. All of these things are amazing. This shocking, these state of say and talk about wagging the dog man. Talk about diverting everybody's attention from all the other cramp that's going on in the world. But you know something after this weekend, one's say open a box up and realize it's empty. After this weekend, that'll be the end of this. All the Euro-derising and all the rewriting of history and all this bull crap, all the line. That's going to come to an end and we'll be right back to cold harsh reality. Of all the crap. I've looked our red that's going out in the world and that memo and all the other stuff that's slowly but surely leaking out. When in doubt my trash becker would say it's leaking out. I've heard everyone to complain to the station. On 95 at the local Mexico, on the NQ, who could ask for more due to certain problems? Welcome. That's down there. That's down there. That's down there. That's all. That's all. We got here. It's Richard here with Sticherval and the tube. And the matches here. The tube is here. I'll be coming to the germ. Welcome. That's down there. We'll have a muffy. You could have a pussy. That's the way we got a germ home. You'll know where it's at. And one out. The river flows. And you can go on with the night. It's possible to germ a wrap. Do the germals. That's down there. You'll have a water home. Oh. That's where you wanted 560. Why did you play that? Because we still can. Oh. What I'm scouring through are 85 million bits here. To try to find one's over his still play during these days of, well, you know, the days. And he says, farban, he's got a good point. I just looked at that picture again. That's not probably the best facial picture of this. This is still a warning you'll ever see. But the river naked picture that you'll see. It says farban, for me, to criticize an ached young girls body. However, when I look at a still a warning, I get to feeling I'm stirring the colleague, cuckin with long wet hair and boobs. And you're not really criticizing her body. It's the face. And he does have a good point there. But you just keep in mind she's got wood hair. And it's still all there. It's a sector. You also say something else, but I'm not going to go with that. Nikki dial for the full and it says, young is in the young. Got it? Now, we're not even going to even know a lot of these people, right? Right? Which is fine. So maybe they can even make some names up, but we can. And we can put that pull on there now. Eric, anytime you're ready, because we don't want to like over burden you. Any time you're ready to do it. It is. Sure. Well, mine says the pull is down. So it's just much of momentarily I'm refreshing right now. It's refreshing. It still says the pull is down. Are you sure? Positive? Are you sure? One, one. One vote for Nikita Denise Lennever heard of. Yeah, but it says the pull is down. This year say the pull is down. It's a big green banner on it. Like it always has before he puts it. Look at what? Look at what? The pull is down. It's down. Anyway, whenever Eric gets around and deciding to let you people vote, that's when you're able to vote. Janet James and somebody says, I'm what's not to like there. Even I know who that is. Well, PS affair is ill. Peris help is not a porno star, okay? This is because you made that one video that everybody's buying up. There's another classic example of what I'm talking about. Now even you would agree. In fact, you probably go into the first to say, or need a peris help. I would say she's a dog, but again, I'll dog lover, no being insult to Eric and I'm in the world. But I know is she is gruesome. Yeah. She here might as be a Paula Jones. I'd like her better if she gruesome. Remember Paula Jones with that? Of course. I mean, she won't think about Kennedy, man. He had great taste. Bubba as much as we love him. He must have bad eyesight. Or maybe it's because he's got that little crooked problem. Or whatever it is. But he had the worst advantage of Monica, what a porno. I think he was, you know. I think he was. It's probably what she was not too bad. Jennifer Flowers. Right, okay. And it was a bit, uh, bacon or whatever. And it was. Grayson thought for, I don't know how to say it. Dick Grayson, he was, uh, Robin and Batman. Anyway, Janet Janison, uh, flawless, but Paris Holtman. And Johnny, Columbia stuff here line a shame on you. We put that in very small print at the bottom. Be as, don't put her on her. She's not a porno star, porno actress. She's just a nasty, skanky looking bitch. Looks like Karen Turpener on a bad day. Okay, the pull back. It's back. Yeah, my name back. Let me refer you to again. This is a really, oh, look at this Louisiana voters to decide on game marriage ban. I wonder how that's going to go. Ha ha ha ha ha. There we go. I don't know any other names for. See that? That's a good choice because, uh, quite frankly, doesn't really matter what the names are. No, no. Um, the key didn't these two. Peter North 1. I don't watch porno 1 sure. Nikki dialed 1 and then we got Bambi woods done. Have a really, yet in genogenes. And we'll have a list of dozens on here before we're done. I'm sure because we got plenty of perverts out there. And that's what we like it. Join 2 AM and they real yellow pages from Bells, South, this afternoon, noon to one. Action carpet. And 10791 Southwest 184 three. And my name is stop by to pick up tickets. Stop coming Marlon's own game. That's noon to one day at action carpet. And join 2M and Marlon's night starting at 7 o'clock for Marlon's watch party at the Hollywood Aile House located in the Oakwood Plaza. Stop by the win prizes from Billy the Marlon and the Mermaid. That's the 97. And the Hollywood Aile House. WQA and Hello. Not there. WQA and Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Speaking. Here's. Yeah, okay. How many heard him? WQA and Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you're talking about Latin America issues. I'm a Reagan or a good friend. And I just want to my third memory was when he went to Brazil. And he raised the glass to toast the people Bolivia. Uh-huh. And the next day they asked, sir, you realize you're not in Bolivia. You're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're in Brazil. And you're not scared of anything of few some points to put Libya. They wasn't going to Bolivia. They used to want to Colombia. Well, Tim's all the same. Yeah, that was the same. I mean, the only thing he knew was Cuba and the carbon predator. That was it, which is like, you know, nothing you're like a murderer. Exactly. Well, don't say that. We said that too loud. But we're not going to do that pretty. So we're like a family. I'm saying that. What do you do for Cuba? Uh, not much. He killed a few Cubans of Grenada. Yeah. Yeah. There was a $60560 on a $18.000. I got a great story. I got a whole bunch of good stuff again. But we want to get 80 million names on the pool first. You and Enzo is recalled over husband's script club tab. Did you see the story? No. Your homages tab was at scores, a gentleman's club in Manhattan. $10,000. $129,626. Wow. I sure hope we had a good time. I don't buy a lot of pie. WQM, hello. I think you're good. What do you say? WQM. Oh, is that what it was? Okay. I like her too. WQM, hello. Yeah. I like her. Put her name on the pool. Yes, sir. Speaking. I'm not. Do I? Shakesy Lane. Okay. See, he chased you. Wait. It was like pause. Like it was going to be another one. No, there's not going to be another one. We're not asking who are your favorite 50-pornal actors. Let me read the question again. Very, very succinctly. Okay. Who is your favorite portal actor or actress of all time? Of all time? Actors like since last socus. Actors since last weekend. Of all time. Come as a lot of territory. And back in the day, we actually even moved the names of the movies and the names of the people in them. But that means now it is like 80-trid in like a dime a dozen, you know? WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Go ahead. Good. Good. Yes. Pretty canyon. Okay. How deep is that canyon? I'll get a dipstick. Don't have one? Not only. That's what I heard. WQM, hello. Hey, hey, doing, yeah. Pretty good. I was just thinking about a pole for tomorrow. We could do. Who's going to have a vegetable life? That's the election. Michael Moore or you? Yeah. Oh, sorry for that. By the way, thanks for reminding me to eat some more. Our movie comes on. Burn high 9-11. Oh, bird. See, I hate to break the news to you, pal. But my life continues to pay text continue from an in no matter who wins. And that is shocker. Yeah. And Michael Moore, I don't think he's going to miss any meals. And if he does, he's stored up. Okay, for those lean days. He's stored up for a forehead. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. Let's get Rococo C-Frely on, baby. Rococo C-Frely, who also is called a Rocco... Is that it? It is a Ziphereddy. That's the one, baby. Okay, you got a baby. See if they are in the closet. Rocco Ciphereddy, and how does he call that? You can call it with a... Yes, sir. Josh says no. I would put everything on a witch one to say because he's got... He's like many of the Porno actors got many many different names. I would put Rococo Ziphereddy, Z-I-F-I-R-E-D-I, who seems to always be ready. Rococo Ziphereddy. Could it be like... Could it be like... S-I-F-R-E-D-I? Oh, that's okay. Like I said, it can be with a Z-R-F, so if Google will say with an S, then who's with an S? Okay. The S stands for... Well, actually, he's a little long... Holden a long on the tooth at this point. Rococo Ziphereddy, but then again, I'm taking off. Peter North, just turned 86. Do you know that? No. And he's still... ...is not available. You went on-voier, we called over husband's strip club, tab a top bangler, actually, diplomat at the UN in New York has been ordered home after her husband ran up a huge grill at a Manhattan strip club. You're going to be turned to DACA immediately. Leave your present responsibility. The Bangladesh Farmers be told, sida, monotony, et sabbataverine, is at its New York mission. She's the number three person. Mrs. Times' name was recalled after her spouse, tabudil, Chodohuri. She'll about $129,626 for $717, a gentleman's club in Manhattan's Upper East Side. That's equivalent to $6500, last name's 23 days at five minutes a day or 39 bottles of crobs champagne at $336 a bottle. Or an affiddent perspective, it's also the combined average annual income of more than 430 of Mr. Chodohuri's fellow gentlemen, just scraping my back home in Bangladesh, one of the world's poorest countries. But the man is refusing to pay the bill. It pains you with so drunk, he doesn't remember signing the authorization for four different credit cards. Ha ha ha ha. 129,626 bucks for $717 at scores. And one bill of a ton. The $5 and local, scores $8.5 to $6.626 a UAM. You blow too much. You're in trouble. The following is an actual recording of a conversation between a porn star subscriber and a porn star advisor. You're thanks to porn star emergency services in this country. I mean, help. I've just been in an accident. Or, would you be injured? Yes, as I was in her. I've always heard from this huge man. So, can you pay you to it? You turned on porn star, and advisors always there to turn you on. My neck hurts. I think I have one blow. Oh, I love this. But I sure do like the package dance. Oh, my car stole. Well, never could be a producer delivered. Hey, I'm a pizza, but I think I'm a pizza. You know, I don't do. I've done a meal together. And you're a girl. And you're a cop. You're a guy. You're a guy. I'm a guy. And you're a guy. You're a guy. I'm a guy. No, no, no. I mean, medical attention. Why don't you have me doing my news? I'm sure. Or, star. Always bear. Always ready. 10. 45. It's 5. 60 W. you see I you do know that of course see okay somebody says Tom says please put Mickey Charm on your pole she says a very hot sex in the middle eight eighties of the late baby not so hot she was small and a very big name full was what Tom says all right so we'll build it and that line nine is bringing it could possibly be WQ and hello yes sir hey I do and is all right yeah I want to name for the pope yeah we can be good what are your people man the way your people yeah he's not you know he's one of your people not I'm not talking about the least man I'm talking about the car okay we see you know it's definitely not what you're people five six seven oh five six deep pound five six you know whoever fastest is stuff about the draft all the stuff I'm not that put in that first of all the things they were that's from you know what I'm saying you know it's where it's from no give everybody into a panic and all worked up and well thing about having a draft although certainly that makes an excellent point this is the most important thing of the whole day which you know this I put this up TIA Tampa International Airport now verifies the flight of Saudis government is long denied that two days after nine eleven attacks the three were allowed to fly but now this is on our website from the same p times and there is a matter of fact is the picture Tampa International Airport questions for the record and it's a picture of the piece of the article two days after nine eleven attacks with most of the nation's air traffic still grounded a small jet landed at Tampa International Airport picked up three young Saudi men and left the main one of them thought to be a member of the Saudi world family were accompanied by a former FBI agent and a former Tampa police officer on the flight to elections in Kentucky the Saudis then took another flight out of the country the two ice officers returned to Tampa International a few hours later on the same plane for nearly three years white house aviation and law enforcement officials have insisted that this flight never took place and if denied published reports and widespread internet speculation about its purpose but now at the request of the National Commission on terrorist attacks TIA officials have confirmed that the flight did take place and supply details the honesty of the small large at 35 is part of a larger controversy over the hasty exodus from the US and the days of the after nine eleven of members of the Saudi world family and brothers of a of Osama yamami have been law the terrorism panel that are known as the nine eleven commission said in April at new a six-terred flights with a hundred and forty two people aboard mostly Saudis that left the US between September 14th and twenty-fourth but it said nothing about the Tampa flight the commission's general counsel Daniel Marcus as Tampa International and letter dated May 25th or any information about a chartered flight with six people including a Saudi prince that flew from Tampa, Florida on about September 13th he asked for the information related in June 8th TIA official said they sent a reply in Monday which would have been what what says the 10th the seventh the airport used aircraft tracking equipment normally assigned to a noise abatement program to determine the identity of all aircraft entering TIA airspace in September 13th and found four records for the Lerja 35 the plane first entered the airspace from the south possibly from the Fort Latterdale area sometime after three p.m. and lighted for the first time a 334 it took off its 437 p.m. at north at three-terred Tampa 823 took off again at 48 headed south. Offer Craig Unger who first disclosed the possibility they forced 9-11 Saudi elephant his book House of Bush House of Saad said in an interview that he believes the jet came to Tampa a second time to drop off two formal law enforcement agents from Tampa to company three young Saudis to Lexington for security purposes. The Saudis asked the Tampa Police Department to escort the flight but the Department handed off the assignment today in grossy a former member of the Force Anger said grossy recruited manual today as a retired FBI agent to accompany him both as grabbed the flight to underwear so much surreal. The got the approval somewhere for as is quoted as telling Unger and must have come from the highest levels of government. While there's no manifest for those aboard the Lerflite the Kentucky Anger says the four nationals left Lexington for London aboard a Boeing 727 that manifestless eight Saudi two Sudan nationals one two-eason one Filipino what are different in two British objects of those three listed residents in Normandy Trace Drive in Tampa and all of them held forwarded driver's licenses their Oshmat al-Hazmi then 19 Fahat al-Zib then 20 in Talaam whatever his name is then 18 al-Mail Saudis it is not known which if any is a Saudi prince. Ferrer is the former FBI agent on the flight could not be located this week and grossy to try to talk about the experience I'm over at East Indy Telephone Review the White House the FAA and the FBI said I'll also the flight didn't happen those are three agencies that are way over my head and that's why I'm done talking about it grossy did say that Anger's account of his participation in the flight is accurate the FAA is still not talking about the flight through for an all questions to the FBI which also was answering any questions nor was the 9-11 commission. Anger's book criticizes the Bush administration for allowing so many Saudis including the Red Alt Relatives have been lined to leave the country without being questioned thoroughly about the terrorist attacks 15 of the 19 ended the hijacking as we know were Saudis the 9-11 commission which is said the flight's Saudi West were handled appropriately by the FBI pierced concerned with the handling of the Tampa flight what information if any do you have about the screening by law enforcement personnel including law enforcement personnel fill up the way with the report facility of individuals on this flight the commission asked TIA the TIA police departments had a check of its reputinicated November of its fourth screen the leaders passengers despite evidence that the flight occurred several new questions have a risen. Raytheon aircraft is the only facility of TIA that serves general aviation which includes charter flights when appropriate. Raytheon collects landing fees and those aircraft or TIA reports to TIA and the flights according to airport records Raytheon collected landing fees from only two aircrafts at 15 of 13 one of them will be a 35 but according to the record the registration on the rear is 5.05 R.P. a tell number which according to the latest federal records is decided to a system-side patient based in Kalamazoo Michigan and Oscar when a patch. As in don't patch key around too much with this. Pots confirmed to the millions of Saudis with that tell number and did before the terrorist attacks. Somebody must have got the registration number wrong in Tampa. He said TIA spokeswoman Brenda Gaggan said it's believed that the learest of 10 or 13 journey began in Fort Lauderdale possibly at a charter company called Hoppajette Inc. The fact that the four trips in and out of Tampa all carry the flight days to the destination HBGA32 line support of that idea but an official of Hoppajette would not identify himself said the company does not own near crap that I read the station number furthermore he said that if the tell number is assigned to a system citation the company does not need to cite any way. Most of the aircraft a lot of flying U.S. airspace September 13 where empty airline is being ferried from the airport so they made quick landing of 911. The reopening of the airspace included paint charter flights but not private I'm ever new flight. So there you go the government once again line and let me tell you this right now I just share what the government or anybody else what somebody lies to you once the a lie to you whenever they feel like it. Oh the government would lie to us will they? No just like president senators and presidents don't have men killed Michael right just kind of like that. Okay. Anyway here's our pool so far. Who is your favorite portal actor act of all time I don't know any other names 25. Jenna Jamison 19 I don't watch Pono 13. Christy Canyon 5. Maybe Woods 4 McKee did the knee score. Nikki dial 4. Tracy Lord's 3. Peter North's got a pair and they're getting old. Chasey Lane's got two and Racco's Superb Eddie. He ain't got any of the first 81 votes. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQA and hello. Hey. Yes sir. Get out. Go ahead. Ginger Lynn. Ginger Lynn okay you got a mine. Ginger Lynn and Berlin. Right Ginger Snaps. Right Ginger Rogers. Right. Five 670 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'll just interspersed all my good stuff here today in between. Which we got several more those Reagan stories. Oh my God. Yeah. Yes you got that call that chronic that called the star. He's a good gravity is very chronic and he's what's wrong with talk radio. He's one of those people at you know he's the stereotype of what kill talk radio but at any rate I did read the Mike Mayo column and it was pretty good for Mike but the fact is that these other articles are so much better and anybody can read the song sent. Catch my grifts to watch it every day. I saw Mike Mayo very good but tried and harder next time. Two US companies that supplied interpreters and interrogators to the Pentagon have been hit with an class action lawsuit in which the reviews have been engaging in a conspiracy with unnamed government officials to torture and humiliate Iraqi prisoners in order to boost their profits. The civil lawsuit filed on California court yesterday called for the companies Titan Corp and CACI International immediately to halt such activities in the pain millions of dollars in compensation to the victims. The complaint was filed on behalf of minor rackies by the Center for Constitutional Rights a Washington-based legal foundation which estimated that hundreds of other rackies could also join the action. It also lists as defendants a former tightening employee. I'd tell not to knock whatever his name is not clock. Who was stationed at the Abu Ghara rape prison in Iraq as well as two CACI employees Steven Stiphanowitz and John Israel. John Israel. Oh the suit alleges includes allegations of rate, electrocution, and generals and other abuse efforts from those incidents already catalogued in Army reports that have been leaked to the public about the crash record likes that. The suit is no worthy however that accuses the companies of not merely being negligent and supervising its employees but using torture as part of their business strategy kind of like Walmart. The companies have used prisoners according to the suit because they were in ten on providing intelligence of any quality to the military in order to meet quotas and when new assignments in the look at a private interrogation business in order to meet quotas and crank out information they simply violated human rights had Susan Burke and attorney of Montgomery Crack and Walker and Rhodes was representing the plaintiff. I'd like that name on camera. I can walk her in road. I won't say the manual. CACI strongly rejected the allegations called an impulse and malicious. Titan said it would vigorously contest the suit. The company has said its translators were not in charge of handling prisoners. The complaint offered no details such as conversations among CACI or Titan executives to prove the conspiracy allegations. It also failed to identify the US government officials said it would take part in the conspiracy. A sheriff, a key of another attorney for the victim said his clients had a little way of determining whether they're being abused by regular military personnel or private contractors because they often were put in. Ms. Burke said she was hoping to come to interrogation reports and other documents to link individuals with the alleged abuses. Kind of like those five guys, wasn't five in the Daniel Burke or New Campusation in their video or six or whatever. What were you going to identify those five or six? Smell. I thought they all smelled of the same as what I heard. 1056 and five. That's the popular rumored. That's what I'm here at OK. That's what somebody told me about those raghead terrorist types. 1056 and 560WQM and a heat of summer here. Now is a great time to get out of that car that you've been driving. Get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of Humston. Your flight to my US-1 just 20 minutes off of the 86 and it's worth your driving down here because they're going to save you thousands on new Toyota's. And with these outrageous rising gas prices, maybe you want to carry out more fuel economy. Like the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 1190 or at least it for just two or nine a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate? How about the Toyota Echo? At least price is just 1909 and month. Even George could afford that. Need a truck to be safe to have a time for regular camp can be yours for just two thirty nine a month. If you're looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible. Now in stock at Armstrong Toyota Homeston, locally known and operated they treat you just like family and they'll stand on their head. You're just about anything to make you a happy customer. Their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they can all your works on Furia. And keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota Homeston was the very first dealer to offer your free tires and batteries for life and out even better is the first to offer your free replacement parts for life on top of that. That's right. Tires batteries and free parts for life nobody even dreams to do in that for you. So instead of wasting your time and gas, slipping all those big building car dealers do yourself a smart thing. Serve good buddy Dave Richardson, GM and Armstrong Toyota of Homeston for not only is to goodness unbeatable deal, travel a little bit on save a lot on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of Homeston. So once you can remember, William Casey will display that gun and case you can travel your iraic hundred criminals every turn. I think this all in its act somebody famous that will tell you to go again. It's capital rather gold no matter how many times you just say no. You were out here by Tiri Parma as his warhead for the years old. And now here's a few words from your whole discreet, decrepent no Bob's home to. And I'm also goodbye from Reagan. I give my regards to Nixon. And I recall back to my old house in days of the Bond Co film. The bar June Alice is more a die-die-die. I have both my hands and much that would burn so. Now the turning is soon and we'll have some fun with our own pals, every thirteen and John Lump. And Bob don't just no matter how big a star or how big a she are, you still mind up. Yeah! You started with these. You came president and then you turned into a queen. We held up large socks with garter's like a big pain. The level 02 at five six. That's disrespectful. Don't be laughing now. Okay, Sunday you'll be old in 93. Tell you all rights, Reagan shameful legacy. Well, wouldn't it be a shame if I read a bunch of these again today? Well, guess what? I'm not going to wait till the noon now. I'm going to get him out the way now. Let's start our good buddy, Ted his part, since we put on all the twigs. All right. All right. Sure is. He says, more and for us, not the pro-do bush. For a few weeks it became routine ever than dragging luggages down the hall. They paused in little lounge news a dormitory elevated a bit for well the people they'd met during their single semester. Go as I knew not that my door. What are you going to do? I asked where you're going to go. A shrug they were 18 years old when the bright teachers had evaporated. They had worked hard in junior and senior high school harder and most, but none of that mattered now. President Reagan explained the form of us from the office of financial aid had slashed a federal election by education budget, which is why the single grim table of shatter hopes and dreams of playing itself out across the country. Colleges and universities were victim to their best and brightest, straight-ass students stripping them as scholarships, some transferred less expensive community colleges others dropped in the low-wage workforce. Now nearly a quarter century later, they are still less financially secure unless educated than they should have been. Our nation is poor for having denied them their potential. They were by no means the hardest hit victims of Reaganism. Reagan's quack economics, trash scholarships, and sure enough are recipients in the homeless and refuse to do anything about the AIDS epidemic, also they could fund extravagant tax cuts for a tiny sliver of the offer rich. There's supply side sales pitch that the rich would buy so much stuff from everybody else that the economy would boom and government coffers would fill up, never paned out. The Reagan boom lasted just three years and created only low-wage jobs when the 80s were over, who were buried in the depths of recession and a trillion bucks in debt, poverty grew, cities decayed crime rows, it took over a decade to dig out. Reagan's defenders, people who don't know the facts are choosing to ignore them, claimed that everybody admired Reagan's invugian personality, even as some disagreed with this policy. That, like the Giffers' tall tales about welfare, queens, and homeless by choice urban campers, is a lie. Migrants of Americans, cringed at Reagan's simplistic rhetoric, were terrified that his anti-Soviet evil empire poshering would for all World War 3, and thought that his appeal was selfish as agreed a bastardized blend of Adam Smith and Anne Rand, brought out the worseness. We ruled our eyes when Reagan quit, there we go again. What the hell did that mean? Given that he made flying a living hell by firing a traffic controllers and regulating the airlines, I'm not the only one who refuses to call Washington National Airport by its new name. His clown-like diet here in Ruiz cheats discuss with us. We hated him during the dark days he made so hideous and would all do respect, we hate him still. Not everybody buys the myth that Reagan won the Cold War by demanding that Gorbachev tear down this wall, the Berlin Wall, or bankruptingly Soviet Union by the arms race, to victim of Brazil's peace-plotted brother Russians into the Afghan trap by funding the Mujahideen, Chernobyl and Kover US schemes to destabilize the rubble, had more to do with the end of USSR. Gangstuism replaced the ossified cult of the state, Minnes of Russians who reduced the poppers, revived radical Islamism and Central Asian, limited our soul-majority logical and military rival. That increased our arrogance and insularity left us in charge of the world and to blame for everything paving the road to 9-11, Reagan even armed the attacks, future perpetrators. Anyway, the Cold War isn't over in what direction do you think those ICBMs are funding today? The line-hours are correct about one thing Reagan was one of our most influential presidents in ZFDR who's new deal state safety that he carefully disassembled. A pioneered policies not been implemented by George W. Bush, trickled down economics, corporate deregulation, radicalizing the courts, sludging around inconvenient laws and international treaties. On the domestic front-eun-raveled America's century-old social contract, what the poor needed was a kick in the ass not a handout set of President, who's wealthy patrons bought him a house in Proclosen as life-nancy. National parks were to be exploited for timber and oil not protected. The federal tax code originally conceived to be distributed, and redistribute wealth from top to bottom, was to be formed to eradicate social justice. Bush also models his approach to foreign policy and that of the original Teflon President, Reagan elevated unjustified military action to an art. In 1983, anxious to look tough after cutting and running from Lebanon, Reagan sent Marines to top of the Marxist government of Grenada. His pre-fest for invading this Caribbean island was the urgent flight of 500 medical students supposedly beseeds by rampaging mobs. When they arrived at the airport in the U.S., they quizzical government and women told reporters they were confused, never having felt endangered to see and seen any unrest. In a bizarre 1985 effort to free a few American hostages being held in Lebanon, Reagan authorized the sale of 170 tons of anti-taken anti-aircraft missile to Iran at a time one of our stances enemies with the proceeds to be used to fund right as death squads in Icaragua, something Congress had expressly for a hidden hand to do. Evidence strongly suggests that Iran's conference at least his second dirty deal with this Llamic Iran, the first being the October surprise which led the release of the Iranian embassy hostages until after the 1980 election was over. Ronald Reagan eventually admitted to trading arms for hostages, get avoided prosecution for treason and death penalty. Reagan, like Bush 43, technically served in the military, yet studiously avoided combat. Both men were physically robust, intellectually adequate, in adequate, poorly traveled former governors, renowned for standing friends in the back. Reagan, Reagan, when named name is during McCarthyism. Both appointed former generals, the Secretary of State and enemies of the Environment and the Department of Interior, both refused to read detailed briefings, walked short hours, worked short hours, behaved radically in public appearances, duck questions about sorted past and relied on christianists, the radical right equivalent of Islamist, depictions of foes as evil, and American, variably as embodied by himself and the Republicans as good. Based on intelligence as phony as that floated to justify the war against the rack, Reagan bombed Muslim Libya, this is repounded from Yahoo, Ted Rawl. But he was a great compassionate, what was he was, right? There he go again. Right. Stand up by Dan Lough, fast machine over there, but that's bad news. 567, 056, you're going to few more of those, we don't want overdo it though, doing good. Do we do we do we can't overdo it? Yeah, how do I could you possibly countervalence this endless spewing, the just doesn't the one, and by the way today George W. Bush to G.A. Summit, we are being a Reagan and Bush to death now this week. You don't think it's just a coincidence doing it. Oh, so today I'm going to say that two weeks from tomorrow, that Fahrenheit 9 11 is coming out. So I'm going to be released here on the same day June 25th Friday. I'll be watching the three four five times and I'm sure you will be too. Oh, no. No. You're out to watch it? Maybe Lou. I'll flip. How's that? And after a while, Fahrenheit 9 11? Of course I am. What a crazy question. Retired mommy, Dave Priest, the rest of the sex assault charges. Oh my god. Another very shocking story. Dave County Prosecutor's charge to retired Catholic Priest with fondly a 12 year old boy who was visiting his evening grandmother at a nursing home in 2001. The Reverend Trevor Smith who served in the art dicey's of Miami for 35 years is the first argument to be arrested on sex abuse offenses here in Miami is consistently denied the allegations. Smith's 67 surrendered at the county geos charged with two counts of ludinal cities assault on a minor before being released on 75 grand bail. He faces penalties of up to 30 years in jail convicted. Not too much demand. Although sensing guidelines recommend between two and three years for each count. The charges from less than nine months after the arts dicey settled in 2002 lost over the alleged victim at his mother for half a million dollars while admitting no wrongdoing. It was the largest settlement paid by the arts dicey's, which has been hit with about 35 lost since alleging sexual misconduct by the clergy. The alleged incident is the only complaint against Smith who retired in 2002 after working at several sought-for to perishes and nursing homes according to court records. Smith was the chaplain thief, William and nursing and rehab center in North Miami, where allegedly invited the boy who was living quarters showed him a picture book of naked children. The priest forced the boy to touch him and fondle the boy while telling him it was okay for two guys to touch each other according to North Miami police. Neither Smith's criminal attorney David Rabin nor arts dicey's officials return calls for comment from the hairline ones they evening. The charges filed yesterday stem from a stated attorney's office investigation in a clergy abuse which started in 2002. The investigation resulted only in Smith's arrest. Statutronic Catherine Fernand is rumble said statues limitations prevented prosecutors from pursuing charges in other cases such as those in which alleged victims reported abuse that occurred decades earlier and believe me there were dozens there were hundreds there were thousands but there's statute limitations. That's one statute we'd like to tear down its statute of limitations. And look all this is for real by six. You A.M. A.B. I'm going to use you as a sex store here so that's your phone for G&C. And you're an upstairs store. You thought I was all washed off, right? Were you right? That's why I have to go my own line of the social supplements for G&C. G&C stands for, got no careers to be a believer. That's why they got me going to kill school walls, don't put them 10 years ago. Hey you know the soul, please to call. They've solved. You loved them as rocking. You tolerated him as rainbow. You hated them in five kids' frame. Now you'll utterly despise him and his latest role as himself for G&C. You know a good G&C for my new energy pudding. It's great that elderly people like me will go and make the way energy was stick to the attention. So if you were looking for today's best health spot, that's created by yesterday's worst action star, stop at G&C. Oh my mom was sued. Number that flick is big soul. For the rhinestone. No judge dread. There's another great foreign star for you. I'm sorry I'll just add to 10 in stalling. It was too embarrassing to put on a still put in minor in the lack of the movie. What did me? Here's a fact that says from G&C, you only can answer remember, Linda Lovelay's in Merlin Chambers. Well, they both ought to be on. There we always put them on one of the hardest pool once a year, once a year or five minutes. Then there's a good point that he makes here. Reagan, no one seems to remember Black Tuesday October 87 when the stock market dropped 800 points. And the SNL scandals, needle bullish, thousands of banks went out of business, which started in 86. That's how Jeff Bush came to Florida when daddy put them in charge of the defaulted properties in Florida. And tomorrow the stock market is closing Reagan's honor. What a joke. We know what he's lacking. That's the sad part. Nobody's laughing. A sick joke. Excellent fact, Ian, thank you. So much bad crap happened while he was in. And we didn't even got nothing. One of the articles I read yesterday, he talked about California when he was governor. So, I didn't ask President, one of the cutbacks that they made in social programs was the middle institutions all across the country and anybody that was ever even in New York, much less lived there in the 80s when he was president. There were more than enough jobs on the street corners all over the city. I mean it was unbelievable because he opened up the mental institutions and they closed them all down. So everybody was out on the street. Anybody from New York, I'm sure remembers that. Barber dares, says Dave, my favorite poor an actress. She wants to have a scene with Peter Roth that was, it says, scorch court, amazing what a case here. One can only even begin to imagine that. Here's what it says. I love when you do this fool. Now I can't read this name. You're hand-pulled. P, I can see his band is a POULI cake because they did do a search. He says, do a have search, you're like, we knew you're an evil. And also, drool slur for said when so on. In fact, we're like there's a little slurpy right on this fang. But anyway, I don't know who that is. We got to figure out that is a P O U L I K or P O O V or Pavlov and his dog. I don't know. We'll figure it out. It looks like a U L I K. Yeah, but I did that. P A U could be a B on you. I don't know. That's sloppy. That's where Josh Beckett said. That's slurpy. P A U L I K. Okay, you'll have I'm doing a search right now, okay. Oh, there it is. You're hand-pulled like videos. You can actually read that. Well, I was just guessing. Well, you're right. Good guess. Oh, you should have said a line of who that is, but then of course people would talk. Okay, I don't I don't see anything like click that where it says oh triple likes videos. Well, we don't want to see that. Oh no Oh god, in fact, my My captain just throws up it must be really a smoking. Okay, it's worth working pervo. Yeah, it's just throws up. 567. 056. The count. Oh, no way. It didn't freeze up. It was just they're working on it slowly, but surely And I just got a yellow screen. Got only knows what's going to make coming up on our next. W to Q a and hello. Yes, say can I speak a nail? Speaking. Yeah, you got an info to Paul. Okay. How about one George might remember possibly. I think he's the same age as me. Uh, Latin sensations, Vanessa Del Rio. I remember Vanessa Del Rio for vividly. Yes. Yes, did it absolutely. And uh, I've been in massive. Yes, she, um, unfortunate American nation who is girl and she doesn't perform quite off to Vanessa standards, but uh, I'm gonna practice nice perfect. That's it. That's it. That's it. I said it to a lot of weight new bases. Love to show you. Okay. Thanks a lot. Practice makes perfect especially with his credit cards. I don't know what that thing. I'm what huh? Del Rio. I remember thinking how did they let this ugly bitch onto the set? Oh, no, that's terrible to say about. She had a big set. You have well, there you go. That's all accounted back in the day. I mean, what's your name? Merlin Chambers. She was known. And uh, Linda Loblase was attractive. I would say she was someone bad. It hurt. Okay. Right. Back in the day. Right. Well, I mean Vanessa Del Rio wasn't much sure after that. Vanessa Del Rio, I would say was like 70s. I don't know any of their names 57. 10 of Jamison 41. I don't watch 4.0 25 13.2% of the Saudi says that a lot for her. We believe Tracy Lord 22, Chris Lee Canyon 13. What I must be the John Ask call crowd. Maybewood 7, McKee did Denise spy of McKee did that. Nikki dial five, McKee did McKee did a crucial. Chase Elaine five, Ginger Lynn's got five, Peter North 3, and none yet for Rococo Separatila, a little of Lesmerlin Chambers with an S. I guess, uh, Erickson after cover your S with that. I guess so. Yeah. Reagan played decisive role in Saddam Hussein's survival in Urann Iraq War. Here's another one. This is from the Asian's Fred Frans Press. Oh, you're not going to read a whole bunch of these again today. I have to. You don't bet your ass I am. If I had 100 of my read them all. Because I'm so freaking disgusted with this, this media brainwashing of the public and this revisionist history now, making them into this god-like figure. I mean, you know, if they would have handled this properly, I wouldn't feel the spirit of Christ wouldn't have compelled me to read all of this honest but negative stuff. But because of the way that they're carrying on like crazy here, I mean, if somebody has to say something, even though here we are on here on some square-cheese sports station in Miami, you know, and nobody in Listen. As Americans, more into passing a president Ronald Reagan, almost forgotten his defensive part of his administration played in the survival of a vice president Saddam Hussein through his eight-year war with Iran. U.S. soldiers now fighting the remnants of Saddam's regime can look back to be released for the state of a relationship that fostered the rise of the largest military in the Middle East, one whose use of chemical weapons set the stage for last year's war. Reagan determined to check arch-foy Iran opened a back door to Iraq to which flowed U.S. intelligence in hundreds of millions of dollars in loan guarantees, even as Washington professed new fralli in Baghdad's war with Iran. It was complemented by French weaponry and German dual-use technology, experts say, wound up in Iraq's chemical and biological belt of warfare programs. Donald Rumsfeld and Reagan's special Middle East envoy is credited with establishing the back channel the Saddam on his secret trip to Baghdad in December 83. Washington had plenty of motive to help Saddam stay off in Iranian victory, not only was the U.S. still smarting from the 1980 hostage-taking of the U.S. embassy in Tehran, but its embassy in the Marine Berkson bay rooted in struck with truckbomings earlier in 1983. In fact, the U.S. had begun to tilt and favor a Baghdad even before Rumsfeld's arrival in Baghdad. In February of 82, the State Department dropped Baghdad from its list of state sponsors of Tehran was incurring the way for aid and trade. A month later, Reagan ordered a review of U.S. policy in the Middle East, which resulted in a march-shift in favor of Iraq over the next year. Soon thereafter, Washington began passing high-value military intelligence to Iraq to help if fight the war, including information from U.S. satellites that helped fix key flaws in the fortification protecting Al-Bazurah that proved important it arranged the feet in the next month where Kenneth Pollock and his recently published book The Threatening Storm. Economic aid poured into a back in the form of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of loan guarantees to buy U.S. agricultural products indirectly aiding the war effort. Sales of U.H. 1-H helicopters and Huzi-MD-500 defeder helicopters were approved by Washington. Though a sold-a-submit in aircraft nobody objected when the war court were converted from military use. A May 9, 1984 memo unersified the national security archival-warf and research organization noted that U.S. policy for the sale of due use equipment to Iraq's nuclear program was also reviewed. The memo said its preliminary results favor expanding substrate to include Iraq nuclear entities. By March of 1985, the United States was issuing back-dad export permits for Hactec equipment crucial for its weapons and mass destruction programs according to Pollock. U.S. allies were also active in Iraq. By 1982, Iraq accounted for 40% of French arms export-road Pollock, a pulp-orderers name was Pollock, Pollock, Parasold Baghdad, a wide range of weapons including armored vehicles, air defense radar surface ware missiles, mourage fighters, and exoset infrastructure missiles. Human forms also were assumed without much compulsion, not only selling around Iraq large numbers of trucks and automobiles, but also building vast complexes for Iraq's chemical warfare by logical warfare and ballistic missile programs he wrote. The aid came despite two evidence as early as 1983 that Iraq was using chemical weapons on Iranian forces. Washington said nothing publicly, but noted almost daily Iraqi use of chemical weapons in internal reports. But said nothing publicly. We've received reports of additional information confirming Iraqi use of chemical weapons in November 1983 statespurmin memo said, we also know that Iraq is acquired a CW protection capability, primary primarily for most infirms including possibility, possibly U.S. foreign subsidiary. It said, our best presence of influencing cessation of CW but used may be in the context of informing Iraq of these measures. Washington publicly denounced Iraqi use of chemical weapons until March 84 after we documented new and study. The regular administration opened full diplomatic relations with Baghdad in November 84, Iraqi chemical attacks continued not only on Iranian forces but also on Curtis civilians notably at halab June 1987. For its support, Pollock Road Washington got a bull walk against Iran, cheap oil, and Iraqi support for feast negotiations with Israel. But even when the Iraq Iran war ended Baghdad was left with huge deaths in a large and menacing military looking for easy prey. So there we go. Maybe we ought to pray. Even old heathen bastard like me, maybe we ought to pray because this point, the way to media just continues with this bull crap, it just endless luck. It's like there's just a spewing that just won't stop every time you turn on your TV. Although thank god now they're a commercial prey. Aren't you not? We please. In fact, now we're just begging to see those spots. Even MSNBC is a commercial prey. Oh, hello, you. Keep them coming. Put on some informers. For crying out loud. Probably we sell in TV shoe polish. In honor of Reagan. Matthew Rothschild and the progressive rights no praise for Reagan. He says, fear me the heaps of praise for Ronald Reagan. He was one of the worst prisons we've ever had. In fact, he should have been impeached for the Iran conference scandal and he might have been had Congress in the media just on their jobs. Reagan misappropriated funds that he lied about it. He treated with Iran and in the US. He lied about that too. But Congress went weak in the knees when Ali North showed up strutting in his uniform. And the media fell down too. Taster and Gray and over the Washington Post had to come to put in a hat on other impeachment crisis and so the post downflated. Let's be clear on Reagan's record. Reagan was responsible for killing tens of thousands of innocent people in El Salvador, Nicaragua, Guatemala and Honduras is the way Jeliga Wars and funded brutal militaries. The truth commission in El Salvador investigated the murders of 75,000 people during the civil 180s and had found that the Salvadorian military or death squads connected to the military and committed the bulk of those crimes. At the time Bush was lavishing hundreds of millions of dollars on the Salvadorian government and the CIA was working with the death squads. Reagan was responsible as Christopher Hitchens has noted for a perfect Israel's invasion of Lebanon which killed about 18,000 civilians. Reagan was responsible for his own unilateral invasion of that huge threat to the US called Grenada, all of the Great Liberator. Reagan was responsible for inciting a racist backlash he kicked off his 1980 presidential campaign in of all places Philadelphia, Mississippi, where Andrew Goodman, Michael Schromer and James Taney were murdered in 1964. Reagan also fuel racism with a story about welfare queens and is defensively apartheid regime of South Africa. Reagan was responsible for attacking women's rights as he tried to legitimate the backlash against feminism. He afforded the far-right justice Anthony Scully that he Supreme Court and he loaded the lower court pensions with anti-toy side dialogues. Reagan was responsible for a awful response to the AIDS epidemic with needlessly jeopardized lives of millions of people. He also concerted with your father and Pat Robertson who called AIDS, Divine Revenge and Homosexuals. Reagan was responsible for shredding the social conflict between labor and management and declared open season of trade unions when he fired the air traffic controllers. Reagan was responsible for finding out the progressive income tax for giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy's Americans and corporations. As economic policies as Mark Weiss brought out of the Center for Economic Policy and Research is noted, dramatically we redistributed income to the rich. He was Robert 100 reverse taken money from the poor given it to the rich. Reagan was responsible for okamigins of people overseas on tobacco as he turned the commerce department into the advanced in for felt more than R.J. Reynolds. Reagan would begin bombing in five minutes as he is responsible for the immaply billion dollar boom d'agre that caused by the name of missile defense. Reagan was responsible for launching and assault on our environment, remember James Watt, that is now reaching its apotheosis under George W. In a way Reagan was W's father, the macho swagger, the study anti-intellectualism, the infactuation military spending, and the operator concerned for corporations and the rich, all these bushes inherited from Reagan. All the while, Reagan consuled in Nancy's astrology for advice, Bush doesn't want better by consulting the Lord himself. The only difference is that Reagan knew how to read his lines. He turned nine to top five tenths in 5���. I will be able to do it to theлагoris. We have an elevator to go up to the sweep and an elevator to go down to the street. We are going to see all our northeers show. We are firing. We are trying to... It's over. Don't you think it's over? We've chosen this stupid person and the money somewhere disappeared between the hands and the S. You'll see your five turn of your arm. And you'll see a breeze. You'll find a up to the sweep down to the street. You'll find a lot of your five. You'll find a lot of that. I think you'll touch up with this person. I just made you a good job in this fight. I am not. Yes. So ask yourself, what do you want to ask you to do? To your five. Should I bring you another man? Let's go this to the sky. To your five. Go to the view. You'll find a lot of that. Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Oh, I've never said this space about you on a Pollock earfire too. I mean, oh, brother, you talk about a nasty looking queen, my god. I wouldn't touch him with your tongue, how do you like that? Well, you can't borrow it. Oh, god. I've gagged me with this fool and yes, it's hurtful, right? I'm slipping the f... Beautiful, I'm slipping. And anyway. Everyone said there are just a lot of people with a bad eyesight, I guess. He just bad taste. But you didn't put a monitor. Did we put a monitor already? I guess. Don't you dare? I have emergency. That'll give that guy somewhere to go. Here's some good news, Democrat John Kerry's got a salad. There were President Bush among voters Nation. Why did he quenuate LA Pollock? LA times pool today. That's cited a widespread increase on ease over the company's direction of the Iraq policies in the economy. Kerry led Bush by 51 to 44 percent nationally in a two-way match up during the pull of covered in 30 registered voters taking from Saturday to Tuesday. The figures dropped though with Ralph Nader in the mix, Kerry had 48, Bush 42, and let's see that would be well whatever it is. Doesn't say it would later God. Because there's always that on the side of the bunch. Majorities disapproved a Bush's handling of the economy and Iraq despite encouraging those on both recently the poll said, 56 percent of his upon the set of mercenetes to move in a new direction because Bush's policies have not improved the country. However, in indication of the racist volatility, the newspaper is pulling in three first that contested state shows that Republican president with a double-digital advantage over Kerry and Missouri would later include it and running even with a pressure democratic rival, but he presumed democratic rival and Ohio was constant. However, majority of these in each state say the country should change direction. Are you understand that? No. Now, we ought to change directions so let's put Bush in again. I don't get it. Normally, 55 percent of respondents nationally, this approved how Bush was handling Iraq while 44 percent of them. How do you like that? 55 negative 44 percent positive in Iraq. On the economy, 54 percent didn't improve the job he's doing, 40 years percent did. Here's the five-strom. Damn, this is I should be working, but I know there's a great-tabile and power is moving on AMC right now. It's got Lloyd Nolan too. I just don't give a heck like the staples say about all that political crap at the moment. Whatever you say, Dan, maybe you're trying to say you don't like what we're talking about, so we don't like what's on the TV. I have nobody's talking about it. I'm a great-night, Dan, okay? I have no right. Yeah, obviously. He's still for the time out from his busy schedule, or to give us that fact. Maybe you can give us a follow-up and let us know what that you're talking about. I love people that talk like him and code in like a mumbo jumbo. 567, hopefully I do like jumbo, but not too much mumbo jumbo. WQM, hello. Fuck you. Excellent. I think that was just somebody from Channel 7. I was probably Jackie, he is Johnson Boyfriend. 567, oh 56, he ponded 56, he that was the one I called before about me and who's in the Michael Moore, in Semshock, in St. St. Spazel. WQM, hello. Yes sir, speaking. Okay, Neil, I agree with you about Reagan, whether it be his economic policies or his foreign policy or whatever, but there is one thing that I give Reagan credit for every year. Before he came into office, daylight setting time went from the last weekend available to the first weekend of October, and he extended it to the first weekend of April. Well, there you are. Nobody can be all bad. Excellent point. Exactly. I love him for that. Well that's right that on his Semshock. Okay, thanks for the business, Pally. See? It was an all bad. 567, oh 56, pound 56 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. What do you and Michael Moore do? Those are the people that I love the most. The best because they can't discuss any of these roles and any of these things are going on including even, I would go rape all of that. So what they do and I'm still thinking about that kind of call about this time yesterday. He kind of cured me on a whole idea of life. I don't know. He just was sad. Yeah. They got a call about the torture and about wealth. You know, we had a chance to a torture, Mohamed Aukha, and he can we do okay. Right. That's right. He didn't do his okay and all those people over there all over Brown people. You had to be the red people when we were going after the Indians, now it's the Brown people because of course it was always the black people. So dark colors. See where the good guys, so anything right, there you go. Sounds simplistic enough to me. Even though you can figure that out. 5 6 7 5 6, the pound 5 6, the on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, your favorite portal actor or actress of all time. We've got an impressiveness and a wave. W2AM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. That time for Bonds. That's it. Yeah. Because anybody recall, President Reagan saying I can't recall flying to the American public TV. Yeah many times. Yeah. I know this is such too much you know. Too much. Too much you're right. And my favorite porn stars, a pair of films. Yeah, but I know this. No chance. No chance. No chance. If he's not a porn star. What she was for a day. He was because somebody makes a portal movie or a sex movie doesn't make them a porn star. And he's not a porn actor. You see this is what really frost my ass. You know, if you want to back to get him. No. Who is your favorite porn actor or actress of all time now? If we would have said, who is your favorite person was ever in a porn movie film? Well that would have been different. Is that the question? No. Or whatever. I'm interested in what she's a scam. She's scabby. Now what is with you guys? Seriously. We got to upgrade some of your taste a little bit. Man, oh man, a shabby. She is nasty. She makes Monica. Well, when she looked like Marilyn Monroe. That's how scankey person is. She is a scam. Well, don't go saying nothing. You can't take back now. I'm right. Five, six, seven. Five, six, five, six, five, six. The only AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. I think I don't know why they're names which is leading. I think that's probably part of the problem here. Don't you? Yeah. And my choice is another. Because I would select the last one of yours. That's probably the case. WQA and hello. Hey, no. Yes. I know that. Why not? Why not? Why not? Because what else are we going to rush the news for? Maybe for some real news and maybe like you make your brain work. You doze all you dumbbo. You want to watch pornography top of porno on DVD and you're okay? If you want to find out what's going on in the world, then watch the real news. Okay, which you'll never get on channel seven anyway. So what you watch in a crap for anyway. Desperado is what we're talking about. Super Desperado. Oh, Jackie. He's one of those people I was talking about before. They're always hyperventilating. Oh, Jackie. There's Jackie Jack this thing in the, okay? Didn't go out to the shop and mom and see better than in her any day to week. Look out to window. No matter where to handle you live, it wouldn't five minutes. You'll see somebody hell of a lot harder than that bitch. Oh, Jackie. She's on television. Therefore she must be high. By the way, do you know Jackie Johnson's going to LA? She's leaving us and guess what? That's not good. She's going to LA. It puts the lotion in the basket. She's gone. Oh, I am happy to see you all. We're here to use some green scar on leave the weapon. Now we're making won't this battle use a vision. People in the fair are around to ask each. If we don't keep a confident amount. She's a swine. Love is not a sex-free and a talk-giving view for stars. She's a swine. Take a look. Don't see the sounds that you've been alone. Oh, Jackie. She's a star. I'm a stream. But there was no hardship. Jackie. I'm a natural name in the run. She's a star. Love is not a sex-free and a talk-giving view for stars. Oh God! It is as it was. Jackie, I could have said that. If he doesn't say anything, we can understand anyway. Dumb and his ears are like the vescaweelers matter. He only likes food that you can dumb at this stage of his life. The Pope. It's a kind of a sad thing. It's like a pub came to Cuba that time. Everybody's carrying on. I'm on four-bit of a horror name. Oh, and the Holy Fahva. You know what? Businesses. You've got to tell anybody who's not a Catholic. What can I say? Mind your own business, Pops. Okay? And by the way, the outfit sucks. Go get yourself a better being. You're looking like crap. I'm going to use that over there. Go sell some of that forno. You're hiding in a Vatican. Brother, how about you think I'd better make an answer to this course in the day? Yeah, let's see. Here's what it says. Just her to story on WIOD. What? Boy, some of these people may not are waiting to me today. WIOD. Oh, I hate that stage. And our newly found friend in the war against Terragutopi and a living government. Yeah, that's a sudden story this morning. That's nothing new. We're taking part in a plot to assassinate the leader Saudi Arabia. Sure, it's all a paper this morning. This is actually he decided to come clean and we joined the rest of the civilized work. I say more power to him if he wants to assassinate the leader Saudi Arabia. Oh, right. We ought to help him out. Right? Yeah. Amen. And anyway, silly facts. Republicans, upset over Bush plan to use Reagan images and speeches in campaign ads. This camp on the hill blew by the way, is in excellent website. Nice going Eric. We know you can do it. As a matter of fact, once a judge takes over the full times out, put all his bets on his Arizona, you can just spend hours and hours if he's scouring the worldwide wicked wed from more new gray websites like have it to hill blew. It's great. Well, there you go. Ryan's here me for your full. Now they got a good point. He says he gave hope to all of his fat slabs. And he can get laid. Then anybody can. Excellent choice. They're Gregwin Krollsprings. Ryan's here me. Who you a lot of. Don't ask me why I would hug him. I think this guy's got to go to the stomach. As the nation prepares to bury former president model Reagan, what's in the box? Republican and side is fight among themselves over plans by the political team of President George W. Bush. He was images and speeches of Reagan in new TV ads and attempts starting a fall from a campaign. They're discussing his one long time Republican who participated in the focus group to preview the new TV ads. They've just honored the memory of Ronald Reagan and a president bush allows these ads on the air. But the next one will not vote for it in November, for which we say, all right. He has herded up by a bush political advisor Carl Roe of immediately after Reagan's death last Saturday, whose images of Reagan and their surferness speeches on one angry GOP conservative describes as a callous attempt to tie George W. Bush to the legacy of Ronald Wilson Reagan. One proposed that even goes so far to sure Reagan saying George, go out and win one for the Gipper. But clip comes from Reagan's speech to the 1988 Republican National Convention. With a former president's request with the Bush's father, George Herbert Walker, Bush in a successful 88 run for president. I cannot believe our party was stooped to using Mr. Reagan's memory for such political gain since another Republican who's heard about for Nazi in the ad. This goes way beyond any moral or ethical bounds. Why should the changes now, right? Right. More than ethics would house got that in this crowd. As an android toward the proposed ad campaign builds GOP leaders are urging the White House to scrap the campaign and destroy the ads before they become public. Oh, we want to see him. While long times he'll be consultant told Roe he was a G-dand idiot for even considering putting the ads on the ERA. The conservative Republicans are ready to run happy with President Bush to consult and said when questioned by Capitol Hill Blue would won't take much to make them stay home on election day. And there'll be a course coming from all of them saying, HUBIN and DRAID. National Coal Show, Bush clearly in trouble with voters. The new LA time poll we just had that. The sliding pool number sent to Bush campaign media team and the overdrive over the weekend to get the ads ready to show to focus groups on Tuesday, a fond of reaction overwhelmingly negative campaign inside or say. Many Republicans are ready nervous about the extreme negativity that the Bush campaign has engaged in so early in the campaigns of one GOP strategist never before as an incumbent president gone so negative sorely against an opponent following that with the cynical use of a former president of so many Republicans reviewers not just on why it's just plain dumb and stupid. Stupid. Former First Lady Nancy Reagan has sent a message to the White House expressing her extreme disclosure, and any attempt to use her late husband as a campaign tool in the presidential campaign. That doesn't surprise me, says a GOP offered a brester than they Reagan White House. Nancy doesn't like President Bush. If he's smart, he'll tell Roe to burn the ads, George W. Bush doesn't want Nancy Reagan as a public enemy. She'll put that red dress back on again and say, just say, to George W. Bush. Some GOP consultants hope it defend the ads as necessary as a tool in what's becoming an increasingly tough campaign. A presidential campaign is worse as one in the war you do whatever it takes to win no matter how dishonest and how crashed no matter how grotesque even torture. Right. As in, Bobo got red but political scientists George Harley said the Bush campaign is stepping on too many toes that it's going to need no member. Ronald Reagan is a cheap egg. God likes status among conservative Republicans and he don't mess with his memories. If their smart field pulled a plug on the campaign or the ads destroyed, unfortunately the Bush campaign is not yet impressed with its intelligence. In other words, if they're smart they would do it. But guess what? They need to smart. We'll see if you see those ads and if you do it could be a bad news. So they like that. But you Nancy's also talked about that deal with Stem Cell Research about Laura Bush coming up here today and instead of shutting up her react, you're put on a bad wagon. Oh, we can't support that. Even though Laura Bush's father also died of Alzheimer's disease. Yeah, but he didn't have a note. And speaking of that, Dick Meyer, who writes for CBS News, has got a great article. Here's not all that long. For those people who do review Ronald Reagan, I still can't understand why. But nevertheless, a Reagan honor Stem Cell Research writes Dick Meyer. He said instead of bumping Alexander Hamilton off the $10 bill, we're conducting a way to put Ronald Reagan on Mount Rushmore, let's pay tribute to the 40th prison by taking the shackles of censorship and fear off Stem Cell Research. This would be a profound living legacy that would instantly tell millions of families and parents of patients coping with Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease, diabetes, and spinal cord injuries that their government is no longer ignoring rational research in these conditions. Even before Reagan's death, there was new pressure on President Bush to reverse his 2000s' mun decision that federal funds could only be used on already existing Stem Cell lines. The source of that pressure was Nancy Reagan who began speaking out in support of full funding for Stem Cell Research recently. It'll be an uphill battle this week to current first lady of Pyrton Morning Talks show stated to roll not the addition to full funding of Stem Cell Research, but politically the time may have turned. Last month, two out of six house members wrote Bush urging him to change course and out 58 senators, including 14 Republicans have done the same. For many wider view, it's probably the thing that these genetic genie can be put back in the bottle. The signs will come from other countries, and from our consign to using private funds, but the results will come more slowly, and suffering that may be preventable will not be prevented. The morality that worships the sanctity of life in the form of blasphesis, firstly for the satellite, and it's employed to refuse cells, is willing to condemn other life, condensates a suffering of preventable death. No one's personal liberty will be infringed by Stem Cell Research, if Stem Cell Science were to be on track of the miscountry, anyone with more level of religious objection could simply refrain from donating sperm or eggs, or even from benefiting from medical breakfuse that may come. But their argument is that the sanctity of life will still be violated and says, society shouldn't allow that, but we can allow the death penalty and sensal dear to death and war. I don't think society should allow medical science to be censored because of the beliefs of a few, I don't think it's more of a no potential fears for great suffering. We have the medical know how to keep an Alzheimer's patient life for years and years, but we don't have the science to give that patient a mind, dignity, and identity, a life. Is it more of a whole of the government's money from the search for a solution to that? I think not. We cannot keep a quadriplegic a life for decades, but is it more of a sense of the science that could someday regenerate those separate connections? To worry that Stem Cell Research will, and, actually, lead the Frankenstein mad science, is distinctly unregnised, and lead on American. Remember Star Wars? Why don't we break ahead of faith in American ingenuity, so immensely thought can protect us from the Soviet arsenal? And may have been naive, but the pessimism of the opponents of Stem Cell Research is paranoid. President Bush supposedly the air of Reagan's optimism should look back in history to look forward to it with more hope. Another lesson from Ronald Reagan changed course. He did. The Crusader for tax cutting actually raised taxes many times after the massive cuts of 81, would love Bush's not so rude with father's man for that he keeps repeating, stay the course. Ronald Reagan was the master of timing. Let's hope President Bush has some of that too. Are we hoping for it? Yes, is it going to happen? No, no chance. No chance because he can't afford to alienate those religionists on the right. I'm the far right. This so-called compassion of conservative. Boris the Compan, what's neat about it was going to be like we're talking about all this divisive politics of hate and division, and he was going to be the great uniter in the great he or all of that crap. First like John Kerry said when he thought that the mic was off at that time, he's never seen a more mean spirited nasty miserable bunch of mumsers in his life, and he was of course. That's so little bit correct. And by the way, is he still a blind John Kerry? Is he gone back into the closet yet? I ain't seen him lately. Look at this. Oh yeah, and this facts by the way makes a good point. It says, please play guilty noise over the panther ticket promotion. Who do we believe if there is no season said Jeff? P.S. to Las Vegas, Dick and shirts are White House.org, and there's one of them right on here. Obviously I can't read. It says, look. And beat. Yeah. But anyway, the panther promo, I don't want to be under parade. I would dare spec it would like it. I mean what's that what we're talking about here? The National Hockey League, all these teams including the panther's are going to single them out, but I will. You want our money and you want to stick with big blind tickets now. I'll do it. I already said the money in because the station me inverses me. That's part of my deal. So I'm not going to cost me any money. But at this point, if I'm pretty dangerous, sure that the rink would be no season next year, I don't care if they got the 12 pack to six pack, the 85 pack, the 500 pack, you know what I'm saying? It's kind of like Jim Baker again, saw something that doesn't exist. If there's going to be a season, let us know, okay, and then people will buy. We're trying to give people's money like on it if you could. It's like going to a restaurant. Hey, P.S. for a great delicious juicy steak. Now we don't have to have any in the kitchen right now. But we'll see if we can't find a nice cow out somewhere, we're going to want to lose on a highway on 95. Yeah, trust us and move back in a couple of hours and we'll cook up our beautiful steak. But anytime we like to pay a front, yes, I want to send you a very short but very good tax. Okay, good perp. Okay, don't forget to like QM and the real yellow pages from BellSouth is afternoon from noon to one at action carpet at 10791 Southwest 184-3 Miami. He's not going to take up tickets to an upcoming Marlon's home game. It's in just a few minutes noon today, but you may be there, right? I reckon or somebody who looks like Miguel, to thank you, M and Marlon's that it's seven for Marlon's watch party, stop by and watch it. At the Hollywood Hill House, located in the Oakwood Plas, just not by the wind prices from Billy the Marlon and the Mermaids. It's at 7 tonight at the Hollywood Hill House. And I like rubbing my smelly green house with soap made from jewels. I'm listening to the new rock-hate of Mr. Hour. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. And I'm going to be a good one. Thank you all for coming to you, Gemini. Thank you. Thank all of the great wishes Jay's heart to you all. All of it- анcersome taste. We just have some more to prove on. Good bye. How you? I get lots of doody like this. Don't say the same three colors about sports and sports and sport. I even got lots of hilarious how many things. Coach, stroke, stroke, stroke, or omelette. Stop! I said I was a little lost. Take that, no. No, crack that, stop. I'll just die now. If I hold two, so and I was a sput. Do a last step. Now you're a duck, but you can't hit me no more. Take care of that, you can't hit me no more. Get in, you! They're on the radio, you moron. Oh, hello, I'm a... Hey, look, maybe I was a little out of line. The things I said, it, you know, like that. It was, and I'm not gay. You're right now, and it's all finished. I think fat old guy that stuck me with pisses me like they used to do, but he's not you. That tells me you make me almost want to come back with you. Gailby. Yes, but they might, but still, but with joy. Gailby. And now watch that winner, co-op of the moment, before you, your life has saved him and spoiled. I miss how you talk like those boys. Gailby, yes, for all you. I miss you. That's the fat old guy. That tells you about the fat, you're not gay. Oh, hello. I like that fat, I don't know that's gay. That doesn't fit in other good times, while you're not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. I'm not gay. Come on, let's pass now. We got the man in Belga, too. We got a number of four in the studio. Six thirty, it's Marlon Zondek. Marlon's at the engines, not a good light blind spot, but he can't win a mall. Marlon's at the Indian 705 at a K after the baseball game. That's the agenda. Here's a fact of what you were talking about. I'm sure it says, I think Regan's picture should go on food stands will be most appropriate. Yeah, he wasn't too crazy about welfare queens or any other queens either. He just didn't like queens. I guess except that ballet dancing son. Right? Find his weapon to the eyes queens is what his thing was, whether he welfare queens, screaming queens, flaming queens or just a... Bye, mate. In general. Our good friend Adam Ruben, whoever he is from www.moveon.pack.gov.org. He's got a little update on that one that I read the evidence. As a secret worship administration memo was recently unearthed, dictating cuts in a federal budget for next year, cuts in education, trial care, children's health insurance, audit-critical, other critical programs, and all the same money to pay for more tax cuts for the wealthy. The White House barge the memo, I was simply a statistical exercise, but now they're telling federal agencies to prepare for cuts to these draconian levels. Maybe he can bring back a catch of his image to them. How can we stop these cuts from going into effect by talking to our neighbors about what the worship administration really is doing to our country. And then making sure they vote. That's why it says we've organized the second national election action day this Saturday June 12th, which sounds like this Saturday, day after tomorrow. Thousands of us are going to hit the streets to educate and register voters we need your help. By coming out you can double or triple your own impact on the election, and there's a link where you can sign up now. It says, nervous about talking to other voters in person don't be after our first election action day. Our member said it was more fun easier than they thought it would be about 90 percent of the people who came so they would do it again. But to win we need even more people involved so please come and again it's got a link to there click in this scenario. So there you go. And it's got a thing from Paul Crow about our way to bread on the earth. You're shipping that our red somebody's on the earth ahead of time so I don't have to do it again. All that reading though new and so fun was so watching bedtime for bonds. Oh no. Was that nap time for bonds though? He should talk a lot of those. How come nobody's talking about his trip to Bitburg? Remember that? No. Oh yeah well he wasn't there. We're the concentration camp was he made a trip to Bitburg and people were all done out of shape about that. But then again when you deal with Nazis what else shouldn't they be a Bitburg? Well quite frankly. 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Our poll question which we seem to begin away from a hundred more names on earth. And have no fear. Got a long way to go. Although Wolf does squeak is on earth talking about. And any behind the scenes information you're getting from French officials why you President Shirok decided not to do this. We've been told something that he believes he needs to get back for pressing business and he also believes it's more appropriate for his predecessor to go. Other leaders. Be very coherent. The funeral in either is Paul Martin. But everybody else is and the more they need them for. Is it now just going to be like a litmus test if you don't send a big in funeral then you're a bad guy and you're part of old Europe and all the other crap again. Because I saw there was Bushless Patton Shirok on the answer this morning. They were high five and each other and everything. Who is your favorite porno actor or actress of all time? I don't know any of their names. 100 and no 82 rather. 82, 24 percent. They just like what they're seeing. Gemma Jamison 66, Tracy Lord's 43. I don't watch porno 37, 10, 1, 8 percent. Double-leave it. Chris Lee came in 29, Gingerland 16, Van B in the woods has got eight. She was Christine man, Tracy Lane 8, Vanessa Bell Rio 7, See you a little faith. Yeah, whatever. Maybe she probably going to if she ever runs and you probably hit you with a Chalupa probably. Nikki Dowell 7, Peter North 6, Rocco Ciferetti 5, Linda Lovelaise 5, Nikki Denise 5, Barbara Dairford, Ray Leane, whoever the L.E. is 3, Jonathan Pollock's got a pair all man. What a flaming ridiculous silly ass. But a big queen and Ron Jeremy 1, I'll send 41 votes. WQM, hello. Yes sir. Speaking, yes you got him. Okay, did you just see Mike Mayo's article in the final? Yes I did sir and it's just fine. Okay you're too old to talk on his show but there was just fine. We saw Mike Mayo's column and I'm not gonna read it because it restates all of things we said the other columns that I read in the Sun sent was right there in your hand. So you read it to yourself and I'm not gonna read it on the air. It was just fine. Let's call Mike Mayo, Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi, Yaddi. Okay good job. All had to be said I'm sure was inspired by this show. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Yeah, Mayo, Asia, Korea, don't forget about the Asian base. Asia, Korea? Asia, Korea, are you? We're kind of an in the Zephyr and Asian, toera. Asia, Asia, Korea, that's good. Okay got it. That's not like her been Jones. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't put that on her. I have no idea who the hell I was. 5, 6, you who that is? Yeah, I've heard her. We have? Well put her on her like I said. Well what kind of a name is that? Probably fake made up for Nick. Can't stand people with fake names like... WQM, hello. Yes, and strength of each meal. Your reach in him. Oh good. I wanted to add, I had a name for your list. Go ahead. Paul Baracie. Paul Baracie? Yep. Who else is that? He's been in a birth house in his room. He was the one that was room for Doofatti, a relationship with John Chervole. Oh my god, now we're talking. I like him better already. Thank you very much. Maybe I like him less and I really sure. All depends on how you look at it. A relationship with John Chervole. What are you trying to say? Oh my god. Oh my god. Just remember church is science. How is he equals one thing, okay? I mean I'm not saying this is silly, but... You're gay. Yeah. See who do we know that was in the Scientologist Tom Cruise. Right. As a case, Jenna Elfman. Right. Lisa Marie Presley. Christian. What's your name? Perth Eali. Yeah. John Revolta. Yeah, he's not these people. All have him come. Oh. But they married him off and they're all making babies and stuff like that. Just like Rob Lowe did and Tony Perkins did before he died of AIDS. And then we find out that Tony Perkins was doing tamper. See, I've got to tell you, this really just... This is what is America. It's so pathetic. It's so tragic. I read early in the beginning of the shortly that editor-off of the National Post in Alfred and Sarah the newspaper, a rag here in Toronto. About legalizing marijuana and we do not only should we go for it, but all the money that the government can make, legalize it, tax it, how it's much, much less harmful and cigarettes are booze. And it's long overdue that the politicians have the balls to just, you know, get right on it. In America, we're taking gigantic, huge, not baby steps, but big, huge goose steps back into the past. Everything is taboo, taboo hunter, taboo this, taboo DNA and boy. Broken. Right. God, just, really sad. So we got to marry all these people off and they have to have all these, who are those who the father is. In fact, they're not in Michael Jackson and it's about the only thing I'll defend him on. He sure ain't the only one in Hollywood that's got, you know, a bunch of kids that he didn't make. Yeah, that's for a damn sure, but it's marriage for Wisconsin to say. Yeah, just like David Cassidy's. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Come on already, wherever you are, you silly closet queens, okay? It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, yeah, it really is. They don't believe us. W.N. Hello. Yes, yes sir. Uh, second. Sake on, there you go, and the first thing nothing wrong with Sake on, back in the day. She might already be on there. She what? I think both Brian told Eric to put it on there. Brian? Broken Brian, well, I should have a broken Brian, I don't know. I see that it's not on there though. So what does that mean? What do you try to tell us? That we should put Sake on there. Let's get Sake on it, that's with two K's, okay? What about Nina Hartley? There you go. What about Nina Hartley? Because she on there yet, she will be. Let's go now, Dr. Let's not start spending that money before the check gets there. Let's say, hop right on it. Nina Hartley, you got it. Oh, I got it. I got it. But you do. 560, 560, 560, that's story about Sam's place, man. Back up, because I got one right by my house there. Right across all of my walls are three equally poisons. It's no bother. I would never darken their door, man. You've got to buy four bottles of soda and four bottles of packs of syrup. What the heck kind of crap is that? That's a crap. You're not telling, well, whatever happened to that extra was the same thing we had a bag, you're own an alloy. Well, I've said it this also. You know, you're almost all of us, all of us supermarket unleashed in the Holland. I'm trying to think I went to a supermarket in Rome when I was there. And I'm trying to think whether they bagged it or I had a bin. I think they did bagged it. Extra was a cell service kind of a place that's how they kept the prices low. But they did it like minimum. You could hit you. No, no, I understand that. But they also sold it was like the same kinds of some industrial side of the box. You could see, like our gold sea would be. You know, nothing wrong with that. Right. You have the option. But then you had a bag, you own groceries. Never seen an American. I mean, you know, I didn't see what's wrong with that. I got really in the habit of it. Albert Hein, or he said Albert Heiny in Amsterdam. You ought to be in our family room. Back in the paper, the bag. Yeah. So every time you go to the supermarket, there would be a walking along with your little sack. You could bring your own bag. I kind of felt like, well, I'd do my own bag. And you'd be walking with your little sack to the store. And of course, you'd make sure that it was all rumpled up. So they knew that you weren't still more of the brand new pristine ones. You know, and you have to bag your own groceries. Well, that's a big deal with that. There you go. Especially when you had that little wire cart that all you old people pull around behind you. You just keep that. Never got me one of those. But I was thinking about it. I'll send you away. Okay. Next time I go back to Amsterdam. I heard that Paul little ramen. You brought casting soon from Amsterdam. I didn't hear that. But I mean, just come on. Get a life. Or you please Paul. I have no life. I'm taking pulls online. Man, oh, man. How many votes you think they had on that weather? I'm man. I'm sorry to me. And place Jackie Johnson. I voted for you Bob. Bob, we forgot my vote. We love Bob. We were. Channel six. There are bastards, man. We hope that Joe Rose does great over there. But other than that, we can't stand Channel six. We love Bob, man or two. And what's an impact Kelly Craig. But Channel six, there are management sucks. What they did to Bob. We were there are people on death row for Lessera. Whatever it is. Roastest grotesque. And what they did to my good friend Bob Weber. So he's a little potty and old in the tooth. You know, old and long in the tooth, whatever he is. Just turn 95. That he's a good guy. Look at all the money he raised for charity in his town, right? Right? And they were born in by just making him disappear. The good thing though is the rumor. At least if they're taking a paper is ready. Still on the payroll. He's getting paid for not working. Which we like a lot. At least Joe. Getting paid for not working. In fact, the summer time's coming. Joy. 1213 at 560 WQM. Happy. Try to lose weight by following a low carb diet. He likes to waste bookers. Help thousands of people like you. Look, carb diet is achieved the weight loss goals. Because the re-shopping for the low carb products that are right for is become more more confusing. And most of the so-called low carb products on the grocery store shelves will not help you lose weight. Selecting foods for the writing ingredients is well as the lowest possible carbs. That's the key. That'd be the key. You'll ask, focus is an over a thousand of the right low carb food items in products. They can settle before you buy and they have a knowledgeable staff to guide your success too. So if you're on the Atkins, sugarbusters, that's South Beach diet. Many low carb sugar free diet. Don't probably talk about that South Beach diet and the thing from an abiscule in the cramp foods. Head for the Licose West Goat at the number one low carb store in American. Let them help you reach your important weight loss goals. Lose that fat. Before they put you in a box. They're often every day, seven days away from 10 to 10. And you'll find the Licose West Goat on the North East corner of glaze in 441. Next to Boston Market. You can call them toll free at 1-877-LOW-Carb-LOW-W. See ARB-1-WebetsLOW-Carb.com. Don't forget to like to watch the West Goat of the One The Only. It's your official Atkins retail center. Bye! And local, we're a sports video 5-6-U-A-M. For David's Bix. All the things that they've done, now they've done, and we've done a challenge for them. And we have to see where they're from. All the things that they've done, now they've done, and we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. And we've done a challenge for them. That it was a stuffed amount of a couple of million dollars. They said, OK, we'll look the other way now. Other of the agreements, their channel will make a voluntary Constitution of 1.701.75 million dollars to the West Treasury. And the SEC will vacate existing fines and terminate current Investigations and complaints against their channel. I think it liked that. I mean, I know I read this story yesterday. There was going to happen. But it just happened to think of that. Yeah. In addition to the one-time payment, the channel agreed to enforce its responsible broadcasting Initiative for at least three years and establish a strong disciplinary plan for any employee who violates Commission rules in the future. It was a tough negotiation, but a fair resolution said Andrew Levin, executive vice president and T. Gligoloff is her own total sellout. We didn't agree that all the complaints were legally Invasion, but some clearly crossed the line. And for those who take in full responsibility, he'd be saying, No broadcasters take in the strongest steps to ensure it broadcast and private law, and we intend to keep it that way. In February, Kurt Channel announced their responsible broadcasting Initiative. Then it include, and these are the people by the way, just about for the final nails in the confidence business and we're talking about responsible, then it includes policies and procedures to ensure that broadcast and not violate indecency laws. Intensive training for all radio and programming personnel and on-ear challenges well underway. Just like ours, intensive training. The settlement allows Kurt Channel to close the chapter on indecency and move forward with our business at John Hogan, President and CEO of Kurt Channel radio. And by the way, my friend Derek Stilse is John Hogan, can't drive a string rough as asked. This has been a complicated and controversial issue, but it's also proven that we can provide compelling entertaining and informative programming without being indecency. Well, if Goodie come drop for you. Let them also be iterated to companies, call for the government to establish standards that would apply fairly and evenly all across media platforms. Kable and satellite never should be treated no differently from broad cancers, and today's media landscape, that's a distinction of about a difference. We all need to be accountable for what is said in the presence of our kids, let them say. Well, screw you and your kids, how do you like that? Ha ha, Yamama. Hey, Dad. And by the way, you, clear channel, the anti-Christ of this industry. And then that's shrunk there that are doing government, supposedly white something about radio and TV, but they're all, he writes that stupid column a couple of weeks ago. Oh, well, they certainly haven't got them enough, they only own 1250 of the 10,000 stations. Can't overlooking how many of those 10,000 stations are like a little tiny, put on markets. And when you go to the major markets, where they own a maximum of eight stations, whatever they got, how many they got in a market is it eight or ten? I don't know. I think they got, got third man is what they got. Or here you go, Tom Byron. Tom Byron is a good choice. Once upon a time he worked pretty good, that was how many years ago. That's third man. Just keep pumping that. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's All of a sudden he became like, He wanted to get that Ryan Jeremy looks like kind of combination of a slimmer like kind of a John Holmes cross with Ryan Jeremy look, although he's still alive. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line, don't forget off their TV, Billman. Allman. What's his thing? Greg Allman. Right. TV, Allman whose latest book Roast State American War with the World of the 10 excellent book, is a paperback you can even afford it. He'll be in the Gables tonight, six be in a books in books, 265 Ergon Avenue. He'll discuss his workholder question and answer session, as well as sign copies of the book, any kind of what he Great was ponytail. Allman's also author of Miami City to future the high respected book, which was a best seller in Florida for more than three years. I think I'm going to read the Michael Mayo column. Okay. Just for the hell of it. All right. Just because it's another bush, another ring and bush, Reagan bashing column. Well, then then by all means go for it. I'm in front of doubt, but I will. We'll get to it. WDQAM. Hello. Yeah. I like to put in my book. Go ahead. I change. Change. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thanks. You got it. We got it. You know who that is? Oh. Me neither. Why in the week here. WQAM. I got another one for your bowl. Yes, sir, please. How about Terry White? Oh, she's one of the biggest points start going. She's the local girl too. All right. She's the one that you have to remember. She ain't no Kathy Willis, thank God. I just want to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Okay. Thanks, Pally. Turn it off. You got it. I'm going to hide your skull. I'm going to put them. You'll figure it out. Maybe do a Google on it. Google it. We got it. You got it? Put your Google goggles on in Google it. Five six times. And as a matter of fact, the thing you were trying to email me yesterday and certainly the ashtees.com, do you know that in my lifetime I've never ever used ashtees.com. Oh, I hear it's a great stock. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM Hello. Yes. I want to add to your home. Please. Yeah. I'm a deceiving. Tender this Steven Zahrai. Thank you so much. Who's that? Samantha's daughter. Is it really? No. No. Oh, Samantha's Steven's was bewitched. I'm a little slow today, man. I'm thinking about holiday and vacation and going and punch my guts in the casino. I'm not going to tell you anything to what crap you're talking. What I'm going to fall over. I'm feeling like the head. Really? Yeah. I don't know. Well, it would be good. In fact, maybe you could be like being a boy junior. I'm a person. All right. If you start following it the mouth, you're just the sharp man of floor. I got the trigger ready to throw out. Move it on his spot. Maybe it stood out in a couple of times. Bring the beast and mobile back in. Maybe I don't know if I can open up a little better. I don't know. Yeah. WQAM Hello. Hey, I haven't been on the website lately, but has anybody called me suggested Maryland Chambers? I, yes they have. Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. Yeah. I don't think anybody did call but somebody mentioned Maryland Chambers in the Love-Lay Skirly. Now, do we actually not put her on there? I don't know. Oh, yeah. She's got no voice. Boy, scared. They're living. It's not out of me. Maryland Chambers has got to do this. I guess I better read the result right now. So people know the way the land. So to speak. Oh, you can't say that no more. So people know the land. Don't remember that song by the guest who shared the label land. No. Who's your favorite porn collector or activist of all time? I don't know any of their names 92. I think your allergies are starting to kick in. Is that what it is? That's why you're sick today. Because I think you realize that certain tomorrow you've got, Oh, yeah. Show-allers. Now, what's your pull question for tomorrow? I'm not going to have a question. I'm just going to let them put what they wanted. Just call in and say stuff and then put them on the pull. No matter what kind of question we ask, they answer what they want anyway. Yeah, give us just give us a bunch of words and be good. I'm going to put, I'm going to start the poll with chocolate. Okay. Well, I like that. How about dark chocolate? Oh. No kidding. But I can't stand it. I told it this before. Is that like real. I like some I switch chocolate. But the real real super dark. The cocoa down at the old days. And then we'll let's carve out our great. Oh, man. Too bitter. I don't know any of their names. Those poor no people. But I sure like see them with their clothes off 92. So in the game, it's in 75. That's a fine choice. 76. Crazy Lord's 50. 6. I'm afraid Tracy's probably going to hop over. And of course you want to see that. I don't watch 40. 42. 10% but that percentage keeps dropping and dropping and dropping. Just like their trousers. Christie Canyon 31. Gingerland 17. Vanessa Del Rio. She's got a dozen. Kuchi Kuchi. Maryland chambers 12. Nikki. You know who my. Vanessa Del Rio reminded me about. I've put it this before. She was in fame. Yeah. Oh. Rita. Rita. Rita Moreno. Since you remind you a little bit of her for the both round. Tracy Lane's got a no comments please. Nikki Denise 8. Rocco Cipilletti 8. Patadian. Peter North 7. You know hardly six little of a six barber dare for. Ray Leane 4. Jonathan Paulich has nasty as scantiest queen icing at a long time. Jonathan Paulich 3. Ron Jeremy 3. Sake has got 3. She was. She was okay. AJ Carrera 2. Paul for Raci's got one. Or did he do a John for older? Gage 1. Time to the Steven. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Time to the Steven. He's got one. Oh, but man. Oh man. Time Byron and Tom Like a Leard. Who's it? Terry Like a Leard. They're working on. And. And love. This is the one. This is the one. It's. That's. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Just got head of arm. And just to hear his in woody. I'd like to teach him John. And get some munchies. And make roundies filled with hair. And we share it with Jesus and the Saints. The five. Five. And yes. Yes. Hard. It is. Praise. Yes. Yes. Hard. It is. Good. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. What a God. So. God. God. God. So. God. God. God. God. Jesus. God. God. God. Just hear my love just get me so. And. On a grain of silver. So. Get some better. Get all wrong. And. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. God. I. He says football and come to the world. EleWS. The subjects. Alive. Company. Collome, that I decided to read it. Well, требently says to the people. Like. The voters will be sure. You mean?" So we went through trouble. right now. When your Hulk coming in and read my column, he read all his other 50,000 columns by sure we're going to deserve it. And by the way, S.E.N. and is still over that thing like spin-com great. I mean it's unbelievable. And MSNBC is all over like stick on mo-peb-seboob. Reagan's reign was Nelson-China and Eccolades rights Michael Mayo in his mornings, prestigious Fort Lauderdale Sun-Semmo. Enough already enough of the beatification and the warm fuzzy revisionism, enough of the bogus notion that he was loved by all, and that his policies harm few, enough of the over-out sentimentality. It's time-free, Ronald Reagan-corrective rights Mike Mayovitz. It's been five days since the 40th US President died, as his coast to coast for a well-tourd rags on, it seems the only voices coming from I.T. now the ones whose memories of the 1980s come wrapped in gauze. The voices in the real world are as unanimous or magnanimous. The way I look at it, the guy never did much for the majority of four people said you're a Gibson 33 or four-laterdale, my mom's struggle during the 80s was hard to find a job when he was in that chair. On Wednesday, he and his mom made their weekly pickup from the top-orello center in Wilton Manor's a food bank for those with A.J. Tyv, here's how Gibson remembered the Reagan years. Propagata school in the eighth grade, during a gang in selling gross to support his family, now he's found religion, works nice hauling trash, but can't make insmenons weekly $225 paycheck. Inside the top-orello center, father Bill Collins and Ken Fontaine were assessing Reagan's legacy. I see all these people lined up for hours to see his casket and them amazed at Fontaine the set is vice president. He certainly didn't reach out to Gaze. He couldn't even say the word A.J. said Collins the set is founder. Not until it was shamedfully late. According to Randy Schultz book and the van played on, Reagan's first speech about A.J. came in May of 1987. By then, 36,000, 50 in American-the-Biddiagnosed with the disease in 2049 had died. Roach Schultz already some said that Ronald Reagan would be remembered in history books for one thing beyond all else. He was the man who had let A.J. raids to America. Square the talk of him being the greatest president of the last century, Square the movement to put his face on the $10 bill, the $1000 bill might be more fitting tribute given his trickle-down leanings. The Reagan I remember was the president who was shrewd in the notion that the best way to help the poor was by giving to the rich. The Reagan I remember was the one who went up the biggest deficits in the history of government until now, while many re-election by promising to make deficit spending unconstitutional. The Reagan I remember couldn't remember how all of her North and his real band of operatives subverted the West Constitution for the White House basement. The Reagan I remember with the nutritionists who was agriculture department tried to classify Twitter-visivetable and the environmentalist who said that freeze-cost pollution. The Reagan I remember negotiated with terrorists but now with their traffic controllers he fired them instead. The Reagan I remember let the AIDS epidemic's fester continue to ignore the far-weaching consequences while more or less marginalized of this a gay disease whose sinful victims were getting cause refribution. When terrorists killed 3,000 Americans in 2001 the federal government responded by launching two wars that have cost $120 billion. When thousands started dying of this disease in the early 1980s the Reagan administration responded by blocking a budget request over $10 million. Fontaine was gay lived in the York in the 1980s to remember a friend's dying and the healthy ones tying up traffic and time square with protests to make people notice. He said the Reagan administration is attitude which most like his bosses of the accounting firm from Delighton Tush when employees started getting sick. We don't have any of those people working here they said. Collins who was tended to wait to have AIDS patients for the last two decades said he hasn't watched much of the coverage of this week. I've got a week's stomach he said. He seemed a lot in his life but nothing like this presidential or stream makeover. No words, no detractors, all accolades. It's not the Reagan that many of us remember. Bryce Michael May of its pretty good calm there, Mike not bad. You go boy. I mean 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and see and there's still a lot of it. It's just how the untouched it is. There were tech companies still alive. I'm chopping wood and riding on horseback and there he goes. There he is on a horseback and his cowboy hat and there he is with that grease down here with that man. Holy cow. Just you, you're sitting here watching. I think I made to myself maybe nobody else picked the carers about it but yesterday I made that one point and that is we're watching revisionist history of stuff that happened in most of our lifetimes right in front of our face here minute after minute hour after hour they're pounding their brainwashing. All these people bring in their kids at this kind of task that gets go a longer by the cast of you know. And the truth be down to help with all the stuff that he really did to help out what he really represented and all his evil right wing buddies like Papua can and of course in his speech in the 92 convention which helped put in beat bush. In my mind that was one of the most decisive moments of our whole election campaign. And we're in a cultural war all right between these reasonable people who are tolerant and those people are in tolerant usually the religious right is what we're talking about. The finger pointers. The accusers. The people who are noticing everybody else's business. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I don't forget the Jews killed Jesus. I saw them in a QA and hello. Yes. I have something very important I want to thank you. 3 0 5. Okay. 6 5 0. 6 5 0. Oh 190. Oh 190. You got it. Thank you sir. Thank you. Okay we got something important coming across on the fascist year eight minute George. You watching it now watching it now anything haven't yet. I give them a letter to that I'd be happy. Something very important now better be pretty good because when somebody calls with a big build up like that you know be like if I said I got a really important story here like sit on the edge of your seats and I would like you know the front page for mail here all to something. Well he better identify because how we're going to know which. You know his if it's very important you'll know. Okay. It'll be me. If it isn't from a fat boys neighbor you'll you'll know. WQA and hello. Down down in a way. That was your buddy Dave Colin in from Cleveland. John. Yeah. He's practicing all with the overnight's game. Let's see this couldn't possibly it because this is from John about the sugar industry. Once again the Bush administration refuses to allow science to form public policy you get the way of industry profit and there must be another page come a little to pay you to right. Yeah from Joey Lewis. He's so long I'm pretty sure he's dead Joey Lewis. Who? If you like Charlie Chaplin you love eating away at sciences this article the sugar industry at a yaddi at is fighting findings that linkage prior to obesity. Newsponsors are echoing the company's line. Oh my god. The Bush administration took an extraordinary step earlier this year to defend the interest of the U.S. sugar producers and the package student is reboled to which count top executives among the president's biggest fundraisers in January is the mortives is this a there's another page that I didn't fact by not why didn't know if you want to hold thing of course Come here talking about fact by man you're talking about is what I don't care what anybody says and you skinny people out there you don't know all about it because you're not addicted to it. It's the most powerful damn drug on a face of a globe. And for you for days real good. And what can you the exes energy to drive mom crazy. So what is your real will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping. You super sugarcoded sugar. I will get a blogging to drink and call it with power children glucose fruits of course here and other natural sweet. And then that's my daughter called it. Right because you're going to be my manager. Me and Rose are spoiled your son. Yeah. And how does it make your feel like I'm. I pray. And I'm your best friend. I'm your best friend. And mom's a love sugar jelly stew because inside every box there's a free bottle of new fruits going to the valley. So try your food for your food. From your friend and your responsible food. 26 at 560wc. Before I get that sugar thing Chris Mooney and mother Jones.com. This must be a fact that Sean and I was sending us right or it could be one of these many also looking very important taxes. That's a one all kinds of things I'll just ask you to eat what you saw. Here is anyway Sean and my name is is a crack the code mega diddo is equals oxy cotton. I'm a little bit sure. I also for the whole head of brook and queenie do you know who queenie is? Sounds a little queenie to me. Let's stick with her book. What do you say? Okay got it. I think she's can do. Badling brook. Anyway Chris Mooney writes in mother Jones eating away at science. And this really frost my fat ass away to the sea water. The names of the companies in here that the boys people are in bed with. The one that we were talking about before the latest point. Are you hate like poison? Dark craft. Craft. Totally. Anyway. The boys administration took an extraordinary step early this year to defend the interest of US sugar producers in the package food industry. Both of which count top executive is mother president Stigus fundraises. In January the Department of ATHS and the letter of the WHO with dozens of objections to the scientific findings that underline the WHO's effort to wish you anti-obesity guidelines. Only eight months earlier you are sugar manufacturers and other food industry groups in call for the personal intervention of HHS Secretary Tommy Thompson, the cheesehead, and urged him to challenge the WHO scientific findings about obesity. Most notably a dietary recommendation or limit consumption of sugar. Sugar produces in the package food industry of a big economic stake in liability risk in the outcome of this debate. Obesity related medical costs are about $75 billion in 2003 in US alone. According to the service for disease control and prevention and obesity is closing it onto back with an Asian's leading cause of preventable death. Meanwhile, dive related to chronic conditions like heart disease and type 2 diabetes of overtaken infectious diseases as the leading cause of death worldwide. If obesity is deemed as merely the result of individuals' life trials, sources and companies involved in producing unhealthy foods throughout the hook, but if such products are seen as causing obesity, then the sugar and package food industry could be in trouble and they ought to be. The draft version of the WHO's anti-OVCD strategy for example recommends taxing junk food and providing government subsidies for healthier products. The final WHO guidelines are scheduled to be approved this summer before drafting them. The WHO produced a summary of the scientific research which finds a connection between obesity and unhealthy diets including too much consumption of sugar and fatty foods. In April 2003 after this report was released, the sugar association in the corne refiners association which makes high proof to us corn syrup, believing software and sweetener, globalized to have findings we've revised. Not only did they call on HHS to take action, but the sugar association also worked on the WHO, threatening to have its allies in Congress eliminate the organization's U.S. funding if the WHO didn't rethink its anti-OVCD work. The industry's leaders in representatives are certainly well positioned to make their views known as Washington especially to the president and his top advisors to Bush campaign acknowledges, for example, that its rangers, fundraisers who fund low at least $200,000 in donations, including the sugar magnet Jose Pepefaniul Jr. Richard F. Holt, a 2003 lobbyist for Alphiore, which owns craft foods and Robert Lieber and Juniway lobbyists who last year represented Coca Cola. And in the campaign's class of pioneer as bumpers of a minimum of 100 grand, there's Robert A. Koker, a US sugar corporation senior vice president, Barkley Rester, Coca Cola's vice president of government relations, and Joe Watt, or the chairman and CEO of Nestle, USA. The sugar input in this BSAs in content that the WHO global strategy fails to recognize that personal lifestyle choices are as much a cause of obesity as diet, and in January when the Bush administration sent its comments to the WHO, it raised exactly those objections echoing the industry's mantra of individual taking personal responsibility. In a 208 page later, the HHS Office of Global Health Affairs Director William Ars-Stagger, who happens to be George Herbert Walker Bush's Godson, notes that the administration supports personal responsibility and Tuesday died conducive to individual energy balance weight control and health. The letter goes on to criticize the WHO scientific reports linking the fruit and vegetable consumption and increased risk of obesity, along with many of the southern scientific findings. In response to these other objections, the WHO decided to revise its guidelines. HHS spokesman Bill Pierce Denies that industry groups something draft in the department's criticism, but nonetheless, it's January 11 of the WHO discussed a video of industry input. HHS would encourage the WHO to add more language on the role of industry and or trade groups, and addressing diet and nutrition, it could take says, especially those representing the food and beverage industries. The most addictive dance substance on the face of the year is sugar, and they're all just funneling that money right into their dance thinking, back home ass, how do you like that? It's good for you. Nah, right. Nutrition. Sugar kills make no mistake about it. We find carbs, heal their killers. I'd like to stick a salute right in there, uh, back to them, right? Yes. That's what I like to do. Hit him over in heaven, that you loop a net, mowing beast, spit on him. So you're right about all your friends at craft food, man. Totally suck. Craft food. They're easy Christ, if I'm four years ahead of them. But I do like craft macaroni and cheese. I don't eat it because I got that beat. He's not candy, they're crap and bored. I'm like, somebody needs some crap. I certainly would not be even craft macaroni and cheese. He's like eight different brands just to name eight, really? Yeah. Such as bored. No, no, say it because I don't want to be in that. You like it, boredom. Kind of make right out of a box, you know, and how do we, that real nasty powdery crap? Well, that's got to really be turning better. That's not going to cheese your own self. It's not a fact. It's like, oh, orange cheese. If you ever know, that says like orange. No, I mean, cheddar cheese is orange, but not like that. That's not like, like, synthetic orange. Craft doesn't actually make things out of food. No, no, well, they call it processed cheese product, which means there ain't no real cheese in there. It's just a bunch of crap. Cheese inspired, dude. It's not a fact that you've noticed that a lot of it has, like, the texture of plastic. Because it is, and maybe that's why somebody people are acting spastic, because we can come to much plastic. And maybe that's why those big, that put us on all under quite as the elastic. That's not a fantastic. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T and Verizon line. Mr. Mandage, demand, God get to the Humphorid IV. We got Marlins and Indians, and I pregame at 60 games times, 705. Eddie Decay, Tungin is got out after the ballgame tonight. Why is always Tungin's got so? 106 people out there say they're favorite for no actor, actress of all time. They don't know because they don't know any of the names, but they are having a good time. Jenna James in 86, Tracy Lord 64, I don't watch 408. You don't have that number. He just dropped it and dropped it and dropped it. Now it's that of 9, 4, 4%. We're up over 13 once upon a time here in America. Chris, he can, in 35, gingerland 24, Merlin, Chambers 15, Vanessa Del Rio, who George Roll liked 15, Nicky Dowell 12, Mia Hartley 11, Tracy Lane 10, Peter North 9, Rockless Civil Readie 9, McKinney's 9, Bambi was 8, with a lovely, uh-uh, Linda L. L. Seke, S. 7, Roger Me Six, Barbara Deir 5, Ray Leene 5, Asia-Cabera 5, John Pollock, she's got 3, that's Screamer. Only one thing I could say about that child. But hey, Maine! Tamata Steven's 3, how about Samantha, may she got? Well, not anymore. Uh, where we go? Uh, Gaines 2, Paul Barass, Boise 1, I think we spell that wrong, I'm sure. Can we? We're okay. Uh, Terry Wigel 1, Tom Byron and Heather Brook, though, and I've had any out of 520 votes. Well, you're sure, if actually, a lot of crap here, man. And the one is just cranking it. Now is this that important stuff? I don't know. You'll have to tell me which one is the in-from Bobby. It's a biolacy, it's a memorandum office of the county manager in Dade County. It says, I work at the courthouse almost true all up all over myself when I read this. It says, oh no, wait a minute, here's, maybe this is the one that's very important from a dean. Although the dean is, you know, it's something. You'll have to sort through them during the break, I'm sure. Why is that? And because there's a lot of them. All these just a whole bunch of crap here. Well, anyone else? This says, on June 6th, President George Wigel, she's here to proclamation directing them to slightly, we must be the slight half staff at all federal buildings for a period of 30 days. I don't know. I've got a graph of that, particularly another one. Oh, unfortunately. Lastly, if they're meeting on June 8th, 2004, the Board of Commissioners passed a whistle-lips and preventing employees to donate one hour of appropriate accrued leave time and honor a president Reagan. The proceeds collected from the accrued leave donation will be donated to support the Ronald Reagan presidential library. The employee relations department will be sending information on the procedure for donated leave time. I'll tell you what I got for the shame I foot up there. I said, I like that. That's what I got for you, Mayor. penis pecania. You idiot. Don't need into the Ronald Reagan presidential library. These are the same people that are still waiting for all that cash to trickle down their leg. Yeah. I wouldn't donate squat is whatever. I get out of penny. I get out of no old, abling companies, what I get out. Now, this one says, very important. Right? Right. Oh, look at this. Here's proof of the jambleshapuru kivmobotus from the Rossib and close to your fine sign letters from telehassy. We stayed in my civil rights on 331-03. My new voter's card with my new polling place. And then, which I was returning to the voting rules, which is April 7th of O3. Now, on 6404, I was removed. I've moved the Democratic primaries. I'm classmates with Josh Deros class in 92, Pama, my name is Pama, but it's perfect. But anyway, look at this. The court system is notified less than the Department of your recent felony conviction for a similar to Florida statute of yaddy. We've removed your name from the voter registration records. And this is dated June 4th, 2004, even though he was reinstated back on April 7th of O3, returned to the voting rules. You may register to vote if your felony conviction is overturned on a peeler when your civil rights are restored. When we receive this documentation, we'll reinstate you as a registered voter. Your registration bill rights form can be obtained from and it's gotten address and a phone number. Sorry, there's no local or toll free number, but of course. How do you like this? So once again, they're pulling the same basis place. I'm going to start to put the letter right. They've been in April 3rd at reinstates him. It's authorized me to wish you an impossible to be a grantee. Restoration civil rights and the state of Florida, except these specific authority to own possess a firearm. We'll just give you an office of executive clemency, restoration civil rights, including the rights of vote, and all of these things. And yet the jab bush crowd, because this kind of happens to be dark and perfected as we can hear by his voices he called me for, happens to be a little on the dark side, and probably he's going to be voting for John Kerry, which is kind of scary. He can vote, communist, communist, maybe Florida sucks. He's going to vote for that, that way. That ain't the present and the song who doesn't have to run. No one else is going to win anybody as well. Just go right in. She called. She called. She called. He hasn't called the food. He was born with love as that. So look out on you, dude. Get ready for the death. Please remember how he got me. Oh, Lord, if our people write the way out there. Won't you call him. Tell him thatель, capty dopey dooth. You marry somebody who gives very bad teeth, who never takes are too bad. Speaking for majority abominable. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. I'm dying out of the house. Anybody out there withını is a Tibetan deity. Those African kings who kill more Ivan and the Serane as per они. to try to make it as close as they can so they can steal the again right and broad daylight and send down to crazy people to knock on the doors. Let us in! Let us do it! Can do the same crap again. I mean how America just sat back and allowed that to happen in the first place pizza crap out of me just like his buddies on the Supreme Court and by the way there's another part of Reagan's legacy. Is William Ranclist infinite Scalia and Sandra Almighty God O'Day O'Connor? There's another part of his great legacy right there. I mean Scalia alone for getting about William Ranclist and you know what Ranclist did for in a Gorvadals book in my and Brekkeridge. Byron. Yeah he just stood still up straight and saluted. Anyway this facts about the economy is interesting about Reagan this and about tricklebound. But the last sentence is kind of interesting it says by the way I was involved in the business venture with Maryland Chambers and all those became a porno star. I got literally screw it. I like that. He was in a business venture with Maryland Chambers. I was looking at that venture. Yeah and then this article here that somebody passed about the Ramby's wig ruling creates a lot of among some who keep kosher all I can say is something weird. Okay. I just have it's a low story and about the wigs and if there's one strand of Indian hair in the wig that it's a sacrilegious and idolatrous oh yeah. Oh great. Crazy religious people out there. Give it up already. Give it up for circus. Give it a rest. The smile. The smell of all that burning hair. Oh yeah. Man if anybody knows about head gear. That's the guy. In fact he may not be in a Marmorning. He may have to have his wig go removed surgically. Why is that? Well the beast after he spit all that water. It may be a sugar water. Maybe there's some of the sticky substance that he's going to make it stick to his head. He just has to have to the beast. Yeah. We didn't even know he wore one. He tipped his piece to the beast. I think he's what he's saying. He's trying to make peace with a beast by tip of his piece to the beast. Well you know what the judge's beckon would say at that. He's to you. What kind of hat would no wear. What is this a picture I can't make it out. It's got a silver line filled with our encolter. Oh no. How can you do this to me? Well just like that. Oh my god. You have to be shimit in the are you kidding? Are you sure? Oh. You're going to let you answer any question about Phil's turn to the dark side. He got hold of some bad pastrami. That must be it. Here we are standing side by each next to an altar with a big smile on their post. And by the way, how many thousand pounds does he win? About 15 tons. He didn't have a theory for him to match this guy. Can you believe it? That's a big fact right when Phil Henry stand inside by each with the unshiss smelly nasty bit and colder. Shame on you Phil. Shame on you. We're done with your Sariyan. Okay. God. Thank you. Hey Neil. Mr. I need you to say that would be bait when my simple shot is off. One there a surface of money. Thank you. I'm on this surplus. Yeah. I'm on my shoes and that's your place. How many of you are in the market? I don't remember it was Jackie and Hugh Munga surplus. I was there. I'm not looking at him. Yes. I'm now we do have a deficit. Okay. Okay. We're billions and billions in the surplus and this man has turned it almost overnight. And then they would say, well, you know, we had 9-11. But of course 9-11 had little to do with the billions and billions which will soon be over a trillion that are going to spend on this racket tack which based all on lies. But then again, it's operation Iraqi freedom. I'm going to say to you, and you people in the media, you're the people responsible for up there the people would have blood on their hands. I'm going to tell you right now. All your people on CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, you are the people who be spot and all the net worse as well. Responsible. You all have blood on your hands for sitting by and I keep wondering how come we have this same exact thing happening to you. But I guess that all forests like me, we just don't have anymore because let's see, Vietnam ended how many years ago. I've heard of that. Everybody close to that. So unless you're like, let's say 45 anybody under 45 already has little understanding because in our schools, what do we teach about history? And what we teach about squat, nothing. We teach the American Revolution and how many that we don't teach crap about in real American history. Just propaganda. And so that's why there's so many people out there don't remember what really when I was 58,000 kids coming back in body bags. And the way that the army kept lying and lying through the teeth was about casualties and they kept painting this pretty picture out great we were doing. And kiss and you told us he had a piece in his hand. Yeah, he had a piece all right. Man, it's Josh Beckett would say, well, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. I'm on serious this thing with the media. How about that article I read about that, the Christian arm on four pieces of the Terry that photo opposite in and the touring down the sidam statue in the rack. Yeah, in the middle of a square that was like, nobody ever heard of that place before in his 80s and in those same statues. And just call it to that later they were with their cameras role in for CNN. It was a photo op. The glory and then when a pan Becky realized it was only like a small handful of people there, most of more shills anyway. But the public just keeps getting sucked in, sucked in, sucked in over and over again by the images that the key being shown because that's basically, it means it's a powerful. That's why they when those pictures came out. That's why they were crap in their pants when all those pictures came out from our book out because they who damn well that people are going to be filming at the mouth when they saw that crap. That's why they're doing their damn this to make sure we don't see the new ones. WQAM, hello. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Good. Good. Neil, did anybody call about the Larry King show up? No, they did not. Oh, you know what? Sometimes things are amazing. Larry had on George W. and they were in Larry Axe. I can't believe no one told you to see that. Larry, Larry, go, Larry, go. What do you think about Ray and being on, you know, any coins or dollar bills or 20s? And he goes, well, he reposes George, you know, senior and he goes, you know, I could see that happening. I'd be for that. And then Barbara says, you know, then Larry says, what do you think Barbara and she goes? Well, I think what's going to happen is, you know, the newer generations, you know, people I've raised in a Martin Luther King. I think the North people are going to want to start seeing them on dollar bills or, you know, as far as our generation of what they're perceiving as great people. And we're in Bush look so worked. And Barbara says, I, Barbara, only presidents are on on eye currency. And Larry goes, well, well, George, who was the first secretary of the treasury? She was on the 20 or why can't I, I don't know myself. I was in her Hamilton exactly. And he goes, and Larry goes, well, George Hamilton, Hamilton is on the 20 dollar bill. And he goes, he wasn't a president. And George looks over Barbara. He goes, he wasn't a president. I don't even call you a president. Nobody's a woman. I said, nobody watches the weekend. Oh, my God, it was so stupid. George was so embarrassed. He looked at Larry and goes, she's always right. I'm always wrong. It was in the family. Thanks for the bad news. Simon. Wow. I don't know who's on the money. She's on the one dollar bill. There you go. Martha Washington is where she got to wigs from George. I'll see you like guys named George. You know, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. How do you like that? How embarrassing. How humiliating and degrading, you know? That's almost as bad as when he was putting on Ross Piero. I know, I do torture. Roll up your sleeves and do do do. You're going to crank out those old studies and roll up your sleeves and do do do. And he kept putting them on there and promoting and promoting. And maybe he's a people like a bunch of daughter getting this one out and voted for Ross Piero. Thank goodness, does it up, wouldn't get in. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Call. I saw that thing interview. Yeah. I laughed at the minute. First of all, I was in the on the obvious is that we're sensible. He's a huge, poor senior, birthday party, died tonight. Of course. It's like, he's got a loan. I don't know how to deal with it. But it's just, I mean, the biggest hit that that ever seen in my life. There's a movie. No question. He's your best closest to your friend. You know, have a great day. You do want a great job. Thank you, sir. Have a great life. Thank you. How do you like that Larry King's. Suppy, Suppy, kissy, kissy. Kissy. That's his whole deal. None of the course of anybody on the edge of 100 watches that show. Once a while, I will allow the last night. I've never even a channel surf over there. But I'll occasionally channel surf on it. Wouldn't if he's got somebody interesting. I might have something to say. I'll, you know, I'll watch some of that as then just pretend where he ain't there. I'll just pretend he's not at this business. And lying through his teeth. But wait, Larry ever pissed people back in line with any ripped off all that money. Oh, oh. Yeah. I just wondered. Just asking. I mean, he's only making millions and millions and millions and millions. And there's a guy. It's just amazing. He drew on on the sentence. It said, OK, that was my life then. And now this is now and all you other people screw you. Okay. Forget both people. It's still their same life. And they still, you know, it's still their money that they want to bang. Oh. So, I'm going to say after one at five 60 WQM as your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost, let a waste is outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. A waste is outsourcing. Covered up your business. Be more profitable. Call a waste is outsourcing today for a free of adoration. Call one eight six six and a waste is that's six two eight six twenty seven forty seven. But more than sixty thousand employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. And outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business. Why do you leave the operational details to a waste is outsourcing? So, look to folks at Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable by making that one easy call for a free of adoration. Call one eight six six and a waste is that's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four oasis outsourcing. Call hand number one. Wrath and a moment of mohawanda name and a shower and an answer. According to my aspirations. I don't even know how you have children in their are. I want your take on K either. I know. J. T. They really is a great corner. I can a good joke. I like to be very well in not the machining's got extraordinarily smooth. The top. Oh yeah. We'll just say. Thank you. Oh, no wait a minute. Oh, go. Nothing goes to share. Oh, about this. I was the way the down there in the mirror. I'm the right. I'm the street. Some you. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, I bought a waste. No, I have to go. I told you what. I told you all that I break house. I'll give you one of my old. The empetions. Oh, wait. That worked out. We pulled up. We had. The end. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.force. Yeah. We'll just go home. Let's build water. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, ohotion. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. I swear. I know clothes once of this steam almost every day I think And my things look when they start that tickle I had to know it and the door to the door is closed Yeah I know what's up, what's up, what's up And what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up What's up, what's up, what's up What's up, what's up, what's up One two and one two five I'm holding onto this stream And set yourself in the hospital with my food Oh, take it by itself, leave it for me No, no, no, okay, let's go When you try and unpleasantcer 18 at five sixty double can let's never one with three bullets by the way It is outstanding man is out Instanding showed up Book of Brian for president. Oh Michael more for president. Book of Brian for VP. What do you say? All right, you like the court gesture, you know, give it to everybody very Yes, yeah Courtney love speaking of stick. Is it last time gonna mention her on the show? And guess what I have a mention in all the day even though the rules are the cheese pregnant don't say it I Was every yesterday we had to rumour about how well that wasn't a rumor, but supposedly she married Mark Anthony over the weekend And other rumors are that she's pregnant. She's with child I'm not missing her I'm not sure. I don't want to touch that. I've just had it I'm didn't I mean with all the Ben Affleck stuff and yeah, I mean we just got the media got sucked in and sucked in and dragged down the path and I've already okay We're done with you. Okay. What's your name? And this is the last one for this bitch to Courtney love which charged with the technique female friend of reformer managers in April with a bottle and a metal metal flash light He just a crazy bitch The fellow he turned to the solvety daily weapons stems from an April 25 incident that the LA homo former manager Jim Barber And arrest warrant for the rocker was issued yesterday this brief attorney spokeswoman Sandy Gibbons said Love was not in custody was unclear whether she'd been served with the warrant she'd been charged in three additional cases Including two that occurred hours apart knocked over she just mother the crazy The authorities said cocaine other opiates were founded love system after she was arrested for allegedly trying to break into a homo former boyfriend October maybe she'd get together with Cecil Collins if we sure some good break-in techniques And he's just trying to get a peek Love played a guilty in the LA superior court to a misdemeanor count of being out of the influence of our control substance and agreed to enter a drug we have program in that case She also faces felony charges in Beverly Hills superior court or she's accused of illegally possessing prescription pain killers Maybe she knows Russian maybe she knows Wilma She played an innocent in my case. It's a return to court you in 17 and may love us a way to New York City our charges as salt and reckless endangerment For allegedly hitting a fan with a microphone standards club on March 18 she just got out tough life. That's all she's got problems. All right Yes problems. I have no life. That might be it The Bush administration circumvented the unique convention with the abusive Iraqi prisoners at Abu Garp Reprison the international advertising group human rights watch said today In its 38 page report the road to Abu Garp rape the bush. It says the Bush administration deliberately allowed illegal interrogation techniques then covered up a ignore reports of torture and abuse They said that Geneva convention did not apply to well-cated meetings Not a rum spell said they didn't have those rights that read Brodie and attorney for human rights watch But even when they're not prisoners of war, they're in total of some protection The organization cited three ways in which pressure administration policies created conditions for abuse at Abu Garp Prison first to be forced said the administration adopted the position at the war on terror allowed circumvention of international law Meaning laws prohibiting torture were no longer binding second the US military used coercive methods to cause pain and humiliation Forty tenies to prepare them for interrogation and third Third you turn before the publication of photographs of the abuses the Bush administration Dordley force of this treatment of the tenies both in Afghanistan and Iraq The administration is continuing to defend off criticism from Democrats and human rights activists who say the administration Ignored international law protecting prisoners of war and the administration officials maintain their national Fiddy spending torture do not apply to well-canned and teleband prisoners Basically the mind said was anything goes is Brodie the gloves come off They felt we're not gonna fight this war with one hand-tabby on our backs So we're gonna do whatever we have to do then they said about looking for every legal loophole they could then they undermine 50 years of international law See Tim on watching about these people treat these law things like that constitution They'll confuse them with these little things okay common courtesy decency Oh, now is this the big thing that we were talking about? I was telling you that there's this continuous train email that I keep getting so I know everybody's getting them this bowl crap email About people leave a media here's what's really going on in Iraq supposedly written by a soldier I know I've seen this crap already before This is this garbage you'll call the wonderful things that I have to do back in the car Okay Please don't do that again, okay I have a lot of facts to be probably going on about eating every sheet, okay They thought you were actually a genius lady and we never do it not say Anthony get lost, okay If you want to be our fan go away cut the faction nothing of action Anyway, getting back to that when I was just so just you know from the Britain dependent Romus fell told officers to take gloves off with Linda. I wonder if that was Paul and John Walker Lynn the so-called American Taliban was strip naked and tied to a stretch you're doing interrogation after the office of defense secretary Don Ramusfeld ordered and tell her his officers to take their gloves off on questioning him Mr. Rumsfeld legal counsel instructed the officers to push the limits when questioning Lynn captured Afghanistan with Taliban and Al Qaeda forces in late 2001 the treatment of Lynn appears to force shadow the abusive Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghara The details of Lynn's interrogation confirmed planes made by his attorney Tony West That when he was captured by the north of the lines forces and handed to CIA I offered him to the northern Afghanistan city of Mazar e Sharipi S. R. and attorney not only was he refused an attorney Advised of his rights, but his interrogators were totally yet tough to obtain actionable intelligence in the pursuit of Osala bin Laden documents team by the LA Times show that when a US Army and tongue-to-talk to the started a question Lynn it was given instructions that the secretary of defense's counsel has authorized him to take the gloves off and ask whatever he wanted Without him and showed that in the early stages Lynn's responses were capable to wash in their re-hour Though Linda initially pleaded not guilty. He later amended to reduce charges was sentenced to 20 years He and his lawyers also agreed dropped claims that he would have been tortured by US personnel a department a defense department spokesperson said the Pentagon refused to speculate on the exact intent of the statement from Mr. Wumswell's office the Department officials stressed that all interrogation policies and procedures demand who may entreatment a personnel in their custody said these folks Right And a close-off But that memo which you already know about and nobody really cares. It's a good man If you know a stuck it right in front of their face all the evidence Don't confuse us. We got a ball game to watch you know saying and Speaking of ball games if we have any more thinking Pan promos we wouldn't have more play by play on they showed it in these damn regions and promos that you do during a course of an normal ball game clearance Mr. Sports God on mighty sports one thing that we've heard of ball games that we have to retake the whole damn thing during the show every day Tell some good time again So after we come back from the break-up place some of the highlights. There weren't many highlights actually of my size Marlon game from Sather Marlon game from long time ago from the world serious Some real exciting highlights with Dave Ann Boyer So those here some good news so are spending millions to defeat Bush George so are stream is present bush losing an open were and so far the billionaire philanthropists Donate nearly thirteen million dollars to independent groups that also want to turn that vision into reality I'm merely putting my mouth where my my money where my mouth is so I said after surviving the Nazi occupation of his native hungry and giving way billions of Is self-made fortune and charitable causes Cerro says that we national politics in a big way for the first time He says he's too disturbed by Bush's policies to do nothing This is not a normal election. He said he's in not normal times the Bush of the Straty said his flouted past rules of international Relations by declaring war in Iraq after 9 11 until after the terrorist attacks is before he wouldn't The original Americans defeat the bush docked and by asking the president of number two if we we like president Bush were endorsing that document and we have to accept the consequences he said to that end He's given millions to three liberal leading organizations It also want to push defeat 10 million to America coming together two and a half million to the move on dot org voters fund And three hundred thousand dollars to the campaign for America's future is also plays three million dollars to be center for American progress I'll think thanks by John Padescence, he fist-off work president nice going George Cerro's you low boy In fact, I'm sure George Rodriguez will toss in his couple of millions. It will be also sure I got it right here and Josh What's Josh good said check in a mail another couple of million more really beyond top of them will be all like all over like us think on the mo one Like spit on mo 1 27 at 5 60 W Qm anybody tune in late. They missed the exact and the beast in mug and was spinning That's now, okay Yesterday it was most earns spit the much of water all over the beast and the beast got him when the day and mo was so excited by it Was so impressed by the beast that he actually went on a Joe Rojo demanding the microphone so they could give his kudos It could tip his hat and his piece to the beast Man, oh man. I have a little regard for any creature alive that would give a piece to the beast Anyway, let me tell you about brand issues in pop at obić So I made you know a federal highway great place to take your feet for fantastic shoes best name brands best selection best prices best sales Holes are really a good care of you. They know your feet inside a new they got the top names in the shoe business weight Nanya they got rock for its floor shone SAS fairy Timber the naturalizer lots more and with a humongous selection brand is even just about bed Gregory's life on it The whatever Study like they got your size and stock right now, but it is like on your big fat feet Brandy's open daily Monday through Saturday nine to nine and Sundays 10 to five You'll find them like I said it 12 90 North federal highway in pop at obić It's always worth the trip and no forget just in time for five years. They step up to foreshine All great styles this week 20% off coming to the store to check this out or visit him on the web at brand these shoes dot com I want to go back back on how I want to go back back up to coming up tonight On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrities you've got a different profile story They were from Canada Where everything is so much better They were a land Our music was a boot like positive enough feet things a landstone or Marcus Denzel basically a Canadians are like happier than you Americans They we got like a healthcare system to like work safe and like the crying rate is much lower here A nobody in the Middle East is like mad at us a we trying to say oh nothing Hey, just nobody calls us the great Satan or anything. Hey look that's enough you do Canadian. Oh, it's okay I know what the hostility is a booty but like with this close to legalizing marijuana here to you are I think oh any day And I was thinking to put me on very few weeks you know why go out of place to live oh sure It great sorry I got that before whoa and a apology a never heard an American do that When they're up the positive music is shed new line a place that just might decide not to put me in jail for getting high It's a big juicy stopping with look at show business tonight on inside of our 132560 WAA MA Madbava two hundred four Marlins baseball at Cleveland the night premium six thirty Federal agents Wednesday yesterday charged six continental airlines employees and new work and ten people in Miami In Miami for my God included for airline workers with smuggling hundreds of pounds of cocaine into the country through New work liberty international airport The workers were baggage handlers at the airport to use their positions and I've heard suitcases of cocaine from customers in specians According to US immigration and customs enforcement The workers also lundered millions of dollars in profits by taking suitcases filled with cash out of the country again Using their position to bypass inspection authority said in other words why should we just leave all to the American Airlines workers when the continental people get on the act right Right The employees travel to Miami part of week all. I repubblic it in many can I also had an important drug's nest for the cash Continental workers at Air Force in Miami and Puerto Rico also been implicated related schemes 10 people including four continental employees were charged Tuesday and cocaine conspiracy and that when they shoot in my Miami all my God cocaine and Miami what a concept I hear those I hear's a piece of good news Now listen I gotta get because I'm almost out of time here. I got a half an hour I didn't realize a couple of things we want to get in here. You ain't got no half an hour 26 minutes all right, but who's counting? Okay, and then you take out those seven is the spots of the 19 and a couple of minutes of breaks in there I mean of Rejoins and at 45 minutes of play by play. Let's time to go And we're in a booth to respond to like go home by or don't forget out there TV all men whose latest book Robe State American War with the world will be encroold able tonight six p.m. at books in books 265 error gone Avenue He'll be talking about his work. What a question answer session as well. It's on copies of his fine book It's paperback. You can afford it Robe State American War with the world He's also the author of Miami City of the future a how to respect the book which was a best hour and Florida for more than three years But don't hold that against him So he'll be there with six tonight books in both 265 error gone Avenue and he first need this right wing gables although his book is hardly right wing now this is a piece of interesting news which I find very amusing and pleasing The LA County Board of Supervisors yesterday affirmed its decision last week to negotiate an agreement with the ACLU of 7th California on which a tiny cross Will be removed from the county seal. All right, now great. It's a little teeny tiny one, but it's across Supervisor Mike and ton of it as the board to seek outside council for a comprehensive legal opinion on the issue The supervisor voted three to two on June 1st not to fight a court battle over the seal said and and ton of it is motion failed by the same tree to two vote County spokeswoman Judy Hammons rise up gotten he supported and what are you doing I think you're part of doing that on purpose doing what breaking up like that no okay Are you having a technical problem some sort we were I'm doing nothing here. Okay, okay, okay That supervisor done maybe when you show up supported and sort of which is motion to supervisor Javier or Slotsky Gloria Molino and Iván Braceway Burke Composed it hundreds of people spurred on by a radio talk show host Dad, but in an outside the board of supervisor meeting him to protest the plans for removing the cross In the Soviet Union there was a jokes and radio host Dennis Prager who is Jewish as he spoke before the board a very powerful dissident joke I'm sure that's ever members this they used to say in the Soviet Union the future is known. It's the past which is always changing Total very innovative The territory this is not possible unless you're raised to past that is what you did that is why there are so many people here in thousands outside In a May 19 letter to each supervisor the ECU 7 California argued that the Latin cross on the 47 year old seal is a sectarian religious symbol I represent the beliefs of one segment of the counties of earth population The ECU contains the inclusion of the cross on the silver represents a violation of the constitutional precept of separation In church in state protestors carry signs comparing the ACLU to the Taliban and line temple street grandavid in front of the Kenneth Han Hall of administration in downtown LA Others held signs waiting Jews for the seal anti-Christian liberties union ACLU and stopped the cultural cleansing stop the ACLU Many drivers including one in LA County Sheriff Department car hont there horns and support the protestors In closed session June 1st aboard the civil rises and we voted in goesia with the ACLU which have threatened to sue us across the room from the county Just get it off of it, okay Just get it off Take the cross off take their smacked as off take the star a day off take all the night crap off of there Nearly a hundred people signed up to speak on the issue before the board some comments to board members became personal A few Hispanic and Black state for the youth Molina who is Hispanic and Berkowitz black I'm not representing the views of their communities Your aslask you as Jewish was also told that moving across from the seal considerably could translate to the band of all the ligeratorian symbols such as Jewish boys being banned from wearing armacas Which I say yeah, right go for it Another speaker said the force to remove the cross remind of him of Nazi Germany I'd like to remind him that the swastika was nothing more than a twisted cross Okay, yeah, that's all that was you jackass Good anyway See this is the thing that I'm never ever gonna understand why can't you just do your own thing and keep it out of the public stop trying to jam it down our throat to the four-year-old good It's been I love you I got shakin for their own good, and that's my foot up there ass on the like that if a friend was drowning, wouldn't you want to help them? If the little kid you know is draggin the lady across the street, did it was good? She has a lot of cross the street, maybe it's not such a good deed after all, okay? Well the lady, I'm just saying this is a scripture in these and and scripture bag on the street. He's saving her. Yeah We don't want to be saved. We don't want to be helped. We don't want to be saved. We just want to be left there. Hello loan That's all you religious crazy people out there whether you're a fancy schmancy head year. You'll think you can wear that fancy as head year you can find baby then I could have eaten a heaven you're still gonna be in that box And the worms are still gonna get you. Hey to breakfast and you see it. Uh, you're not gonna be afraid you all around having people march by by the thousands by your casket. I still say to boxes empty. I'm all. Wouldn't it be something if a bread pit look like came running in there? And what right up to it said, what's in the box? Wouldn't that be great? I don't be great. I'd be great. Yeah, like Jack. I'd be even more sitting than that phony a bomb for the head yesterday. I don't use you to sing because I don't want you to see it. You should have seen both listsquery and follows on hyperventilating on CNN. I thought they were gonna like stroke out right there on the camera. Was it unbelievable? Well, we don't really have any more information on this. Remember, oh brother, fossil arm. And of course, that idiot that Anderson Cooper, who sends me straight to the Cooper, that moron, he's standing out there breathlessly on the lawn. And now the cops are like pushing him back to the street. Oh, we're being asked to move back and then they perfectly shrubbed him down in the street, which I would love that a high five to TV said if they would have done that. Just get out of here already, idiot. Take your day and camera on your microphone and stop it. Get out of our face. You moron you from the certainly not news network. That was a false alarm. Nothing were a little egg you understand. 24 to it, 560 WQN. If your hair is coming out in clumps, here's the answer for it. Not some funny looking piece. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's an nasty looking musk. Not some weasel thing crawling around on your head. Not those dangerous pills which might just kill you and probably won't grow any here back at all. For Charles Alfier is natural hairline system. It's the most amazing hair system anywhere in the universe. Charlie's been all over the place for over 35 years now. Help him guys look great. He's been on Good Morning America. Today, show CBS Morning News was as exclusive patented hair system. That's the best in the universe. And you have nothing lose but that bald spot because Charlie gives you this guarantee. It tries system for 30 days. Not 30 days. After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting clawed at and pawed at even by Olaise, return it for a full refund. Charlie also services and prepares existing hair systems while you're waiting, including shampoo and trim. So don't feel like, call Charlie, they change your life forever. Look better and younger than you dream you ever could again. Say goodbye to that big bald spot. And get some great looking hair. Call tool free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Or check them on the wicked worldwide web at CharlesAlphiere.com. This is my final local career sports video 566-USUAM. How dare they drag a good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein's torture prison. I'm a good guy, right? The world is so bright, all the heart burn. Don't go so quickly, time to see. Don't go so close to where, pre-tired if you wish. Don't go so far, and don't steal anything. Here's the president's-theind disc on the table. Great Galaxy Gbossel gives and says a lot, baby is what they don't lie. They won't want to strive but no need for them to snowflake. And as soon as they've poured in their frente to the president, more folks, All I can do now, both on small And get to meet your boat and fall There's no one, there's one best Someone told me, it's from the city Someone told me, it's from the city I can't reach it, don't go to the police station Nobody leave, I can't reach the prison You don't care what it is, don't you got a man I have a girlfriend called to prison I don't know what it is, but you and I have a girlfriend We've got a great leader With friends and info We're going to the city I'm going to the city I'm going to the city I don't care anything, I'm going to the city Yeah, what do you know about tens and 20s? Here's the fact that I love it It says that anyone mentioned it, Alphrea The owner's a craft force used to be named Phillip Morris McRoney and cheese with a cigarette The lifestyle of champions It's the healthy choice There you go, I love it I can't even believe it I can't even believe it Even worse than Walmart I don't know about that, equally McRoney knows, no chance I will use any of their products There's a fact that this is a chain from the rest of the police He's hot, hot, hot, SAT and A chain What a chain, if we left off chain And it also says that it's a chain of 204 Oh, right See, it's still around, you're not carrying a chain You know something that I think he's benefiting Just sitting back, maybe he's not the right strategy Maybe he's in that box He sure looks like it Well guess who's birthday it is this week boys and girls I can't play the whole thing, but I certainly can play a little bit to get McRoney Oh my god, I'm so proud Yeah, yeah He's talking about a pad on the back I've had on the tail feathers For his birthday, they can take us an off an unlocky busy legend Faded his birthday at Disneyland Paris here Today by Dancing on Stage Under a Shower confetti As hundreds of park where we're saying Happy birthday to you To Donald Duck A street parade down the themes main parts of the main part Mark the occasion with Mickey and Minnie Mouse leading away What is that? You're not in there Daisy Duck in France Daisy Duck in France From behind here I'm trying pink cake burying 70 cans See we're great time we had duck I'm just amazing, I amazed myself Donald made a second debut June 9, 1934 And a silly symphony movie type of the wise little hand I didn't know that did you know The wise little hand it didn't care Since then the level will be at Fuzzy Foul is a curtain of hundreds of films From the educational doll-duck in mathematics land To the 1942 cartoon, Donald Duck drafted Turning entirely into her during a street-wing feather flying tent From Donald's favorite sayings and comers times include Apple and O.L. We're talking to that Donald Duck thing Donald's who would long time love Daisy during much of a square Usually wears a similar suit with inexplicably no pants Well I know some guys like that It's not inexplicable Huh? There's an easy simple explanation Hey, hey His mental name revealed in the WW2 draft cartoon Is copyrighted, do you know that? No Well you're there and so damn much it's almost dangerous His nephews who we do we in Louis went on their own showbiz career Steering alongside Donald's uncle's crew Jamaican The business series duck tales that they beautifully ate these Clarence Duckie Nash was Donald's original voice He was succeeded by Disney artist Tony and Sommel Moving from the screen of the printed page on the beauty of the camera strip in 1938 Donald stars alongside Mickey Mouse and Mickey's Phil R. Magic knew 3D-attracted Disney World in Orlando Disney also released a retrospective DVD last month Robert Walt Disney treasures the chronological Donald Vadimon For the festivities in Paris yesterday Carl Agarfield who are portrait of the birthday duck sporting the fashion designer signature glasses and cartigan Teasures with the image of the soldiers collectors items you've got to get yours boy There you are, Donald 170 years old buttermaces feel really like ancient Ancient To treat a band in Houvell and a nation rights we sponsored cords Do I have time for this? Oh I sure do I think I'm going to try I'll read fast She says the pioneering genius of political advertising Tony shorts used to preach that the most effective ads don't seem to convey information but for each of the target audiences mind the popular response of cords already there and Bill Schneider the shoe public opinion analyst has said what the American people on most in the present is what they didn't have in last one So perhaps the way of talking the responsive cords of those four and ten Republicans who now say they would reconsider their support for Bush and November is to ask them such responsive court questions as the offhand sampling below and the president who can change his mind when his vision reality turns out to be mistaken or one who dares not change for fear of appearing weak who believes that evidence necessary to justify or has to be carefully weighed or one who is satisfied when a CI director tells him the evidence is a slam dunk who fires advisors who have misled him or one appears to reveal that he knows that they misled him why surprise a wise man and women who have vised him as well as God or one who thinks that enough that that is enough that he hears the recognizes God's voice who goes back to the constitution for guidance on liberty and values or one who goes instead of religious fundamentalists a president who when consuming healthcare policy gives first priority the health of children and parents or one who gives first priority the interest of the drug and insurance companies who either confides in and tries to secretary of state or else replaces him or one who does not give a secretary of state information that he discloses to the Crown Princess Saudi Arabia who when on 9-11 hears that Washington in the Yorker under the attack they charge immediately or one who not knowing what to do goes on reading the third grade past that he's visiting who can remember his mistakes has moved to remedy them or one who says he cannot remember any hints cannot do any remedy who claims to be what it is one or one who claims it before it is one who gives a high priority to whom name for a Ramsluck keeping veterans all for welfare or one who's priorities one instead to ensure in the corporate contributors like Ella Burton we see profitable contracts a president who faces the media frequently accepts the obligation to inform press and public or one who fears the press relies on one line or stood I've heard it who read some of the newspapers that oppose or support him or one who doesn't read any paper who seeks advice from wide away of energy experts and experienced people or one who draws heavily on the oil industry who tries to understand the variety of Americans and the variety of their problems and needs or one who thinks they circle a friends's representative of America a president who appointed I've risked committee to investigate how non-alien could have happened or one who's sexed committee with a sexed committee with allies and cronies hopefully some of these questions will spark some of your sponsored course I also welcome read the suggestions for questions and she's got a place where you can click the link to and she says I'll post a sampling in the coming weeks between event and who the nation she's outstanding ex-molyous lente 152 at 560wm.com up to clock you know it's all right okay we're almost out of time but this work that just fantastic it's beautiful it's your day anyway here's about your point of view yeah was really dumb lucky who's your favorite portal actor or actress of all time we asked today I don't know any of their names hundred thirty two I'm doing watch it right now but it have time to check the names genogenes and one or two pretty go or zitty at a lot's portal fifty three now to 8.2% liar a christie came in forty two gingerland thirty one merlinchewers twenty four vinesis over your twenty two mean hardly seventeen tz lane fifteen nicky dial fifteen uh... peter north thirteen is your forever eleven runs your me ten many would ten raco super would be ten take a nine little of a sign a key to the knees nine ten of the Stevens nine and uh... everybody all small but they by by you know they got the what uh... yeah look