How this big market radio? No. No. No. Ah, George Bush! Live a place you can land so that you can. I'll boyd be here now, now you said you. So that you do need to find what you be. That's it in your mind, George Bush. Your positions that they can't get reed. Is out to seal your faith? It's always questions about the national guard. That might leave your rev. You, Jason Stard. Just go and disay your not a, WOL, and you can't fool your nomad b, WOL. Oh my god. I thought you'd think the villain Terry can't find. Where you were in that one years time. You've already done you went a, WOL, and daddy thought you'd do way. WOL, and oh, If you don't become a queen, where the story that's real, you might turn back over a few. Yeah, but what about those medals? What about the Jane Fonda? All these things right. It just scary how many stupid people are out there, you know? Oh, and I look who it is again. Wow, just like real luck. Just like, like that. 10.02 at 5.60 WQM happy Tuesday to you. Start out with a band story. Well, we always start out with a band story. A couple of them as a matter of fact. Petty officer of third class Nathan beat Brockham tall 24 of Smith County, York was the first Coast Guard member killed in Vattleson's Vietnam, the Coast Guard said. He was assigned the Coast Guard Air Station in Danya, and was in Iraq helping guard an oil terminal. Moved in the attack was petty officer of third class Joseph T. were 0.23 or very man, so it was also stationed in Miami. Brockham tall was a native of Long Island son of Northport's village police chief, who was living in Danya Beach, where his wife Patricia is three months pregnant with her first child when he was deployed to Iraq. He joined the Coast Guard six years ago. Four bad news, Deladac. Another dead person. Last exit, Requiem author Selby dead. Hubert Selby Jr. Who? You better get with it. You're just out of touch. Hubert Selby Jr. No relation to Joe Mars Jr. You claimed an anguished author of last exit of the Brooklyn and Requiem for a dream died Monday of Long Disease's wife city was 75. Selby died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at his home in the Highland Park section of LA, said his wife for 35 years to his hand. Born in New York, Selby's experience among Brookings, really long-shore amount of homeless on the downed out, formed the Abbasis for his law that's 64-now the last exit of Brooklyn, which has made it into a film in 1989. Didn't see it? You see it? Nope. Oh. It was a seminal piece of work at Brookings, some of the existence of Jim Reagan. Head of the Master is a professional writing program at the University of Southern California, where Selby taught us an adjunct professor for the past 20 years. There was that generation of writers, William Gross Henry Miller, and then there was Hubert Selby, and he's one of the life of that generation, some of the greatest writers in this country. Susence Selby said her late husband was kind and generous, but a recent year suffered from depression and occasionally would launch into races. He screamed, he yelled, he broke things, he said, but didn't have races when he was writing. He screamed, he yelled, he carried on, he's like, All of these things. Right. His other novels include the room, the demon, the Willow tree, a collection of shirts for a son of the son of Snow Published 1986. He contracted tuberculosis, a child, a separate from breathing problems that was since he was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. So he was going to go not a good thing. And his wife said that while he had a badminton, and much of his work dealt with the topic, he always wrote while sober-headed and a booze of drugs since 1969. A lot of his wife survived about four children, a loving grandchildren, he's dead. Hubert's sub-age on your reclum per dream. He's dead, you get it? I got it. Okay. Who was he? A guy. Anyway, who got on the beaded curtain today? Well, actually, we have a bonus for it. We got a two-for-one like, yeah, how do you like that? Maybe three-for-one, depending on what you're counting. We got Emon. Emon. Which I never heard of her before? I'm happy to lie. So Emon, oh, he's what I'm on. I mean, what a lady. You didn't see her at Oprah? No, I don't watch Oprah. Thank goodness. I'm very proud of what I would say, do not watch Oprah. No real man watches Oprah. And I don't either. Contrary to the prolific universal belief that she was a wild-entain beauty that's spoken on low language, and was discovered hurting goats to the Somalian wealth. The origins of celebrity for Magnum Supermodel because Medix Antipenure Emon, our Blanket comparison, the facts, the simple truth is that Emon was a university of Nairobi, co-ed, working her way to her degree in political science, when World of Noun glamped the toggle her petrified. Spotted her walking across the campus. He said, would he like to be my beard? Not exactly herding goats, but pushing a bicycle instead. We call Emon, why this goes on? This is a biography that goes on forever. It goes on. After 16 years of laboring me for the Camelinses as a model in walking hundreds of glamorous miles of top-through runway Emon said, Enoff, in 1989, traded in the Hall of Beloe of New York for the Hush quite of L.A. to pursue a career on the silver screen. While in Hollywood, Emon, one of the number significant parts in movies and TV shows including Out of Africa, Star Trek, no way out an exit to Eden. Shacting seemed so natural to me, since fact is every ounce is theatrical exacting, she said. Oh, let's see, she, uh, Mava Beat, but I hope I'm going to say anything about David Bowian here. I don't know. Oh, it does. After taking a minute to step off the movie, set Mary Super Rockery David Bowie Emon again, set her sights on Manhattan, the next we incarnation the founding of our own cosmetic company designed exclusively for women of the of color and he panomously named Emon. So there you go, she's got her own branded cosmetics for slightly dark way she ain't too dark, she's a fairly light-to-past. Little darker than Michael Jackson, kind of somewhere in between Michael Jackson and Troy Strattford, I would say. Well, she doesn't have a little bit of ego like Michael does. I see. Uh, speaking of Troy Strattford came in a distant third in the celebrity charity race, the miniature horse race in Paparot Park last night, a distant third out of a field of three. Oh, right. Former New York Jets kicker Don Silvestri was the winner. Woody Bennett was second former adult and running back briefly, and Troy Strattford was distant third way down the stretch. It was estimated to have finished third by 20 lengths. At least I was close to the axe most of the race Woody Bennett said, look, as if Troy Strattford didn't have the hands, as he was having trouble keeping his horse on trot most of the way. Hey, I tried Stratford said that I had such a winning career with the dolphins. I don't want these guys to be crying again if I beat them in the race. Nice going Troy for you, kid. The hands of brick. Kind of like some of the guys at Paparot Park. I don't want to mottonope mention no names. They've in Graham, but anyway. Let's see. Let's take a look at the pull from Mr. and we've got that Howard Stern story. Wait till Thursday, man, if these numbers from San Diego or an indication of what's going to be happening in the key channel markets where a Stern got dumped in those six markets, including Miami? Oh boy. Oh my god. It is going to be like you. I'm kipper for Big One06 on Thursday. Did you hear that number? I read to Miss Muff about San Diego in the morning show? No. You didn't hear that though? It's busy dealing with the lemas. Oh, forget about it. Oh, it's speaking to that. Guess who's into Rhonda right now? River. No. Same the sounds just the same as what you just said. Let me give you a little clue. Louis Armstrong. Hello, Dolly. Sorry. Lama. Dolly Lama's here. Oh yeah. You're going to go see. Dolly Lama. In fact, I've seen many of these geckys running around and they're purple all the Buddhist denouner kind of reddish purple whatever the color is. Then I'll fit they were. What do you call that thing? A smother. That purple smother they were the Buddhists. So anyway, Dolly Lama is here. And of course, I'm wondering, what is anybody care? What is that all about? Dolly Lama. What is anybody care about? To bet? No. I mean, we got some people on the station who like to bet, but that's another story. Anyway, so Dolly Lama is here. If anybody wants to see him come by saying hi, Dolly. Hey, hello, Dolly. Hey, silly old man. Anyway. Let's take a look at the results. Today's pool before we talk about the rating stuff. All these things got a heavy duty. Play we got today's pool. About kind of gives me the heat bee jeepies when I think about it. Yesterday's pool. The worst TV show of all time. I guess I better print this sucker out. Shouldn't I? Because there's a long list here. And I do want to read each and every one. Watching that's a really good idea. Do you ask me why? I said twice then we can go home. Oh, okay. Oh, no, it's a long and prestigious list. We have a little technical problem. I hope it's not involving the rest of our audience and only in the building there. You know the building where they didn't bother getting me paid on time yesterday. I just mentioned that again in passing a county lady. The same county lady who was playing butch boss about oh, we can't spend $50 to send a couple of toothbrushes up there to Neon Toronto. It just toothbrushes. Let him brushes teeth with his finger. Yeah, exactly. But then on the other hand, what comes my check to yesterday the 26th no less. Did it show up in a mail? No. So once again, there's poor mismuffering around doing everybody else's job, which is okay because you know we have one of his underdo anyhow. There he was running around taking care of business for the county lady. Whatever I don't even want to get into it. With that more county lady since I've been there. But third man every few weeks because generally they they're like the waitresses at the old wolfies, you know. They rip off the apron they scream out of their places and that house in the they leave. Which is generally how the accounting people at QAM do too because the beeslees don't like paying their bills. Sorry, the worst TV show of all time is the Rick Sanchez show Rick they hate you like poison man. In fact, isn't he on right now? 10 to 11 and a half. Flip on channel six there. What whatever it is on the cable. That cable is so screwed up. There's Rick Sanchez. How do you have a little bit? There's one thing I learned from. Yes, one thing I learned. Don't trick and drive man's not a good idea. Especially in part of the stadium when it's real crowded. Anyway, the Rick Sanchez show the worst TV show of all time 294 which I guarantee is triple you ought to in swash in a right now. And in the coal show 205 not even close to Ricky Tiki Sanchez. Dr. Phil 154 a very respectable third. The 700 club with a grining drooling pet Robertson 133 magic Johnson Chachow had 102. Survivor 91 Rosio Donald show 82. The famous is so boring in a morning 58 or any of the time 2 he haw 48 American Idol 32, Rosanne 29, dosed by an angel 23. The jury's fingers show time with our senior hall 21 when he juries still on here and make admittance. Friends 20 the nanny 18. I think she just make an appearance on our pool today, you know. Ellen G. Generate 18 the love boat 17 P. Weas P House and Playhouse 16. Playways and P House Full House 15. And do you see hasn't 15. Chaviche show 15 little house on the purry 15. The jury Reynolds show sneak dinner with 14. I didn't even know that the Josh actually put him on there yesterday. I thought he kind of liked less than off. But there he is. I am that hemorrhate 14. I would have pretty much variety out which I think there's a lot of similarity there. The gong show in fear factor we've had 13 and Johnny loves Chachy a dozen. Mama's family 10 to 18 nine trials and charge eight around the Horn eight loss in space eight and it's just as Zidian. Now we know these holy mole and realize we had so many shows on here. I'll just take the ones that didn't get any. Can you get loves Bernie to close for cover what's happened? What's happening? Mike Douglas show named that tune and you bet your life out of almost 17 or the vote. They didn't get any. So that's a good sign I guess or them although quite frankly. But you bet your life. That's good didn't get any. I can believe that guy called it in. What a jackass. What a jack hole like I was you know 12 minutes after 10 at five 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulation that increased labor cost that oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services oasis outsourcing and covered it up your business be more profitable. Call oasis outsourcing today for a free of aduation at 1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60 thousand employees worldwide oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a power of management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to oasis outsourcing. Let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable as matter fact maybe they ought to be handling our payroll sounds a good idea to me for a free of aduation called tool free 1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for oasis outsourcing. No. Were you drudge packing? Voices for this week's episode were recorded in metadome. March I'm home. I want to serve as a, oh I mean, beer sorry for that is no more beer in the refrigerator. So stupid with refrigerator. Why can't you be more nice like your sister Lisa? Lisa honey we can afford a pony. Back in there for Josh Curtis today big fan sack is probably eating right now as we speak. Good morning. Are you eating? I'm not eating yet. Taking a little bit of a break okay till how we show up with 40 pounds of bacon. It's straight you know and you will burn in hell for eating all that bacon. Grease fire but it's so good. As if you're really choosy right? Any kind of waste 350 is juicy. In fact he might be qualified for the poll today him in the beast matter fact. Today's poll which of these people fits the description to Jewish tomorrow we'll do which. What are we doing tomorrow to Cuban okay to black to Italian and to gay. Those are the if I can't go is that I came up with. Huh? Right. In fact this one may not that I don't know we want to do the whole four hours. Although I guess we better because with all the technical problems that we're hearing there with the internet connection. For some strange reason to QAM studios can't connect with Eric and he can't connect with them. They can't get on a website and whatever we just can't get on a way. We can go everywhere else though. Evidently I have no problem here everything looks just fine to me and evidently some other people are Houghton too because we got the whole Schmidt load of votes came on a PSN there on the TV shows. So for a change it strictly a QAM problem how unusual huh? I could play Bellevue Brian but that would probably be in very poor taste. I hate this play and says nothing works here. That would be cruel and insensitive and another shout out engineering and at the whole beastly operation which is like So it would be there fault and probably is not. Well let's blame him anyways especially since I get my check yesterday because that accounting bitch that won't Me the give my toothbrushes. Well guess what I'm getting him anyway how do you like that honey? Whether without your help. I'm ingreaded it's not a big deal. I mean I got plenty of toothbrushes but just not those radius ones. There's a product like I said if anybody wants me to do spots for a product course you only Problem is you got to find a place to buy it. Well why do you think that is? So is there like some kind of a monopoly going on toothbrushes? Oh and I got another piece of news for us being toothbrushes? Is that you know the oral B toothbrushes? I would in fact I've got one which I'm never going to use again. It's got the little switch on to like the little electric motor in there. Yeah yeah. And it well guess what those things do? Wow. Did you have mercury fillings? Listen to me. Yeah. Oh mercury fillings. It loosens up the vapors from the mercury in your mouth and releases them in your system. See when you go and have your teeth clean by you know you're high-genist at the dentist's Orifice they do it like very quickly and they like wash it all out and they only Put a little poison into your system. But when you're brushing with that every day like with crushed pressure. It's releasing all the mercury so unless you don't have any mercury fillings in your mouth anymore I would not be using one of those again. It's just my suggestion. I know that there's some people really a fanatic about that whole thing about mercury fillings and the fact that it stays in your body a long, long time. In fact even past your when you're dead it's probably still like glowing and killing it. Right. Howard Stearns radio ratings up a mid-FCC flat. Oh did I get to the pool now? What's it these people? Best fits a description to Jewish. In other words when you see him her it you get the heby G.B. Very shandling. Friend, pressure, the nanny. I voted for her. She just I can't stand her. She's a walking at the same. In fact the ADL a lot of pro-prime at the reruns of that show from being shown. Jerry Seinfeld or Jackie Mason that was our shirtless before. To what you can add. Sure that they're. Huh? Joe Lieberman. I added that so that I could go. Oh, Julie Lieberman telepathically. Oh, he's so. Yeah. Two Jewish and two wimpy. Oh, I think. I'd like. But he was there with the John Kerry though. They rate the Kerry. Why my heath nest wasted time. I got the Tom Olifant column from the Boston Globe about he was standing for feet behind through his medals or ribbons or whatever you want to call him. And he's got the real stir around that in the way that the trying to manipulate this. And boy, you talk about Hutspa. You got this eight wall president and Dick Tain you got five deferments. So we didn't have to go put his ass online if he had none. And they're not in Kerry for his military service. It's just it's pathetic. The fact that actually this sticks with some of the morons out there. Somebody morons out there. But you deal with a demelector. What can I tell you? If you weren't a Kerry B. 40 50 points in it already. What's this thing you just facts? Dear Georgia Neal. Here's how we might stabilize. I don't want you a lot. Stabilize Iraq. I don't want even look at that crap. Don't send me any more of that garbage. You can't want to do it like the old radio. Got all the way to have Zillions of really great articles here today. But I'll look at all those phone lines coming in there. But before we get to that, what we'll do one. WQM. Hey, can I have a toilet? Yes sir. Woody Allen. Woody Allen is too damn Jewish. Good band. Yeah. To also to neurotic. Well, that's part of the whole Jewish syndrome. He's a nebis. He's the poster. Nebis is the word. Nebis is the poster child for Nebis. Well, him and Julie women. That's a good battle. That's another pull for a future day. Keep in mind. Who of these is the biggest nebis of them all? Who do you think would win a slot fight? A friend, Russia. So there's Woody Allen for you. Which of these people fits a description just too Jewish? I get the he B. G. He's just thinking about him. WQM. Hello. How are you? Pretty good sir. I got one for your poll. Okay. If it cares my kiss kiss out to look at very, very manllow. Very manllow is just too Jewish and too, he probably began another pull too. Okay. Thanks. Good choice. Mandy. That's a lot of this is so kind of. Well, we can't say talk about that anymore. Can we know back in the day though? We could have probably made a quadruple on top of that one. Not anymore. Federal regulators may have painted a big bullseye and Howard Steer and asked, but through what that doesn't say that. Here's his back, but I think asked is more appropriate. But the recent government cracked on an indecency over their waves has proven a boon to the shop. Jocks ratings are a speaker of that. Isn't that amazing having I always told you that everything in life kind of like weaves together, right? Beacon a boon? The boon in the box, Erica is done in magnificent job of enlarging that thing. And obviously if you saw it early, you know, he needed some enlarging badly. So on our beaten curtain, not only do we have E-mon, but underneath E-mon. So to speak is a very large blow-up pad boon in the box. For everyone to see. I beg you pardon me, I saw a can, so that I just got through Santa. Because back in the day, he sure was a pretty young guy, but nevertheless. So there's goodly two shoes pad boon sticking his package to a cardboard box for all the sea. Maybe there were some toothbrushes in it. Anyway, the Ryebald radio host can back to Howard's sperm scored major gains in the list of ship during the winter quarter ended March 31st and the three biggest markets in New York, LA Chicago, according to figures released by Arbitron on Monday. We'll see what happens in the South Florida Thursday, 11.30 in a morning. In Stearns home market of New York, where he shows broadcast on K-Rock, he tapped all morning drive competition with a 7.2 share in total audience that's 12 plus a 7.2, which is staggering up 22% from the fall quarter and 18% from last winter. Let's see. Stearns show a head dip to number two in total audience last fall, but it's back big time number one. Thanks to 80 billion dollars with the pre-policity. Stearn also returned to number one during the first quarter among New York listeners, 18 to 34 and 25 to 54. Overall, it was his best show in the nation's top markets since the fall of 2000. In LA, where his carried on KLSX FM, Stearn Klein backed the number one in the key Democrat for 2554 for the first time since the summer of 95. He also rose from 6th place to 4th place in total drive time audience with a 4th two share and in Chicago, Stearn posted a 23% gain in morning drive, jumping from 15th place to number nine. So this, which one, it says, the latest round of fines after they were proposed issue to stay in calling the FCC's actions aim a Carthletop which on which he is correct. Stearn also accused of Republican dominated FCC assembly him out. Well, see, that's that's all. He made a martyr out of himself and it succeeded. Even though, but less sponge got canned, the guys in Atlanta, the regular guys they got canned, a man cow graphed fine, but again, it's all about how ordinary it worked. But this, this, this, this paragraph right here, this may be the most staggering piece of radio news in history until Thursday, at least. In San Diego, which was one of these 6 key channel markets at Dumpton. Let me see how my memory is. It was Miami, Rochester, Louisville, Orlando, Pittsburgh, and San Diego. What a memory for crap. In San Diego, one of the markets where it shows removed by clear channel radio station, KIOs, these FM's drive time ratings drop from an 8.9 share in February. This is in the monthlies 8.9 in February to a 0.7 in March, a 0.7 in the first month without Stern, Stern Sherman, syndicated in total for this station. And 8.9 to a 0.7 big one, oh six man, you are going to disappear on Thursday. Just going to vanish right off your radio dial. That's where everybody saw the big drop in that trend just after one week. You ain't seen nothing yet. That's a huge whole difference. 27 after 10 at 5 60 clear channels, the anti-Christmagnomus think about it just say to clear channel, Tom Humbler and Dred, like they say in Tabet. That's what the Dalai Lama said at the other day. I said how you doing, Dalai said, HUBBIR and Dred, I said back at you. Think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any stir from locations. It means beating the competition on every dimension. That's what Dalai Lama says has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything. Dalai Lama says 1-2004 better business, be a local towards a ward for excellence, because they work harder than anybody else during your business, before delivering an after the sale on like Todd Drec. When you call 1-800 mattress and speak with under expert vetting consultants, you're rest assured. You're getting the best possible actress, the top name, brand, cilly, surd, Simmons, King Quill, temper, pedic, students and foster, you what they got them all. At 1-800 mattress, you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same delivery. Their Dalai mattress takes same day orders all day long from candlestorid, Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And don't forget, it's true when you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the day into our delivery window when you want your mattress delivered. When it's convenient for you and their mighty prod of their delivery record on time deliveries, 99.7% of the time. I'm one of Zidians, a satisfied Dalai mattress customers, and you will be too when you make that call 1-800 mattress, or log them to their website, macros.com. Dalai mattress 1-800-MATTRES, the easiest possible way to buy you a mattress, and get a great night's sleep for years to come. Lying in local, from your sports video 56-U.A.M. I'm a way like this, I'm a baby. You know me in the shade, I'm a TV, I'm my own private plane, I did get window and a circulation tube, but not conned, no baby. But that's not, I'm so, no baby, I don't know, I don't know. I'm lazy, I hit the sun, honey, soon out of rock, right? I'm just going to get a free space, I'm going to get a free laundry, I'm so excited. Oh baby, I'm so excited. Oh baby. Okay, this is the news for your William Hunt socks. It's 1033 at 5.60. Can we say that? No. William Hunt. 57 votes so far, which of these people best fit the description of being too Jewish? One, friend, rest your 16, Joule Luberman, Louvreman, doesn't. Oh, Gary Shaddling, 6-year-old son, Bill 3, Woody Allen, two, very mangle, and I have any yet. And somebody says, David Schwimmer, one of the pusses from friends, with little Hebrew message here at the bottom of this, so it's packed. David Schwimmer, you got that? We got it. Now, how are we handling this very carefully? It's Lola, yeah. But a little bit of a technical thing, so if these names don't pop up under, like just right away, just calm down, okay, just relax. How do you like that thing in San Diego? Those are amazing. I got to read that just one more time to make sure I didn't make a mistake. KIO ZFM, that was a station stern was on in San Diego. He had an 8.9-share in February, and in March, a 0.7. That is, I never heard of such a thing, did you? No, never. You ain't seen nothing yet. Wait till Thursday morning, 1130, the morning, the big 106 just fell off the face of the earth, vanish. And of course if the people are somewhere of his serving listeners, they'll say bye-bye to Clio Channel all together. But we'll see how that plays out. W to QA, and hello. W to QA, and hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. Good morning. Wendys Tia. Great. I like to ask your boat. Yes? About Sammy Davis Jr. He was definitely too Jewish. Hi, Sammy. Okay. Sammy Davis Jr. didn't have that Jewish nose he made that of head of Jewish nose but he's sure had an eye for a oh that's bad put him on there just for kicks okay just for fun samey Davis Jr WQA and hello the only one for the poll how about uh I wrote winterman is too Jewish I never heard I were he's on with the Humper oh my god you gotta be kind of plug into him he's the poster boy okay thanks thank you I wrote winterman is Jewish with a name like that or you think I wrote winterman you got a sack yep he's part of a Jew crew here at WJUAM what what he laughing about we're having duty we got a couple of token golemoners ex-ducks you know like a little dog the big dog but other than that it's all Jews all day we got Moan Gildi there's a there's a two Jew for you two like Jews well at least one and a half anyway we put them on there if somebody wants to vote for them don't start getting a head of your circle okay just relax what taken our time if somebody wants to vote for them fine if not that's okay too you know I'm talking about that's the Lutherl acts and of course Gildi he's got other fish to fry 5 6 7 0 5 that's head of the two of them don't speak I think I told you that yeah Jackie Mason 29 friend Richard 19 Joe Lieberman Jew Lieberman 15 Gary Shandling 6 Jerry Seinfeld 3 what he else we had same looking for the other names that I don't hear it because it's taking a while it'll take probably to what about 145 oh speaking of religion I love this now see we were both wrong we both thought that that novel the Da Vinci code right was a sucking up to Christianity book come to find out just the opposite somebody called it about that one of those right I recall but now today's a Lori Goodstein who sounds very Jewish to me now who now was Lori Goodstein where do I know him from where do I know that name huh did Lori Goodstein right for the ad vacuator said like that I don't know I know that name very very well anyway Lori Goodstein writes defenders of Christianity we butt the Da Vinci code we butt back them fearing that the best selling novelty Da Vinci code maybe sewing doubt about basic Christian beliefs oh my god a host of Christian churches clergy members and Bible scholars are rushing to rebut it how do you like that there we button it in 13 months readers have bought more than 6 million copies of the book a historical thriller that claims Christianity was founded on a coverup that the churches conspired for centuries to hide evidence that Jesus was a mere mortal mirried Mary Magdalene had children who descendants live in France word that the director Ron Howard is making movie based on the book is intensified the quiddish urgency we'll show you a thing or two mil Gibson you jackhole more than 10 books are being released most in April and May with titles that promised the break crack on awkwardly code the Da Vinci code churches are offering pamphlets and study guides for readers who may have been prompted by the novel a question their faith oh we can't allow that no large audiences are showing up for Da Vinci code lectures and sermons as well because this book is such a direct attack against the foundation of the Christian faith it's important that we speak out said the Reverend Irwin W. Lutzer author of the Da Vinci deception and seeing oh that's what the book was and seeing a pastor of moody church in Chicago an influential evangelical pulpit in other words bull crap house the Reverend James Garlow co-author of professor Peter Jones of cracking the ventries code and packed of skyline Wesley in church in San Diego where how it's certain you speak very popular said I don't think it's just an innocent novel with a fascinating plot I think it's out there when people over to an incorrect and historically accurate view and it's not succeeding people are buying it in the notion that Jesus is not divine he's not the son of God well guess what good for them because the whole story is ludicrous on the face of it just like those weapons of mass destruction I think they've rebutted that to have made the weapons of mass destruction oh they might still turn up the way what is this thing about Kevin Spacer you just think is brother is going to write a book and tell all about him no ladies are weird oh yeah and then some and that he's oh we can't see that don't forget the who is it oh the barbers barber walters and barbers triceand over good we got to get some green spanned definitely much to Jewish especially with that snows would that whole attitude that's costing a lot of us a money he also saved the Kevin Spacer thing for later on okay we got the bigger Jews I mean sister prior five six seven oh five sixty what have we got in line up today mad dog a two the Hebrew hammer at four you know how much more Jewish than the hopper that was and then work from already I think he's Jewish to any he might he was one of the per seamy Davis Junior might be good enough for a decro huh I like that one he'll be on at the seven o'clock in because we got those games on the west coast how about those marlins again last night oh they just keep winning as long as they don't pay to break oh win just about every friggin day you know what that's amazing or two shot oh yeah the end of the state the crow seven away thirty marlins on decade thirty nine oh five to marlins at the rockies game two and then sporting news where why did I say that's all right like I said overnight twenty two eleven at five sixty w q m if your carpets are on a nasty looking side I guarantee you they probably if you got down on the floor please don't do it probably don't smell all that good either you know you're a crawler while you do all the time every time you get sick you're crawling around on the floor so it's a good thing to have dry concepts come in at least once a year and clean those carpets because then when you're crawling around on the floor trying to find where your life uh hey these carpets melt like lemony fresh and they look great too they look just like brand new it's a m a higher right on your rock concepts is the best in the world of bringing your carpeting back to life no matter how old and spots you may look you know it's how many of a lot of those words today because it fits right in with our topic so sanitize your home today using drag concepts should find trade and efficiency will dry clean your carpets are the only people who will do it and believe me you'll see the difference and they also give you a written guaranteed price up property where they start any work for you whether it's your carpeting your area rugs your oriental rugs your draper your poultry all of these things they'll clean and professionally and leave you with a fantastic job if you want to see me be an extra money on that job call him today and ask him to put you understand by list which means you can save an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning you really can't clean today entertain like cause your carpets are drying a couple of hours and looking field brand new and smell lemony fresh calm today you'll never dream of calling anybody else to the best in the universe I've used him for over 20 years myself call dry concepts tool free it's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or check them on the web a dry concepts dot com k I feel damn big I thought that stuff was a shuffleboard if you were I got a nine copa saturday buttons I filed a food on top of your tears I hope it's kosher enough I'll kick those night out and buckle Camo back in Bushkill My belly and shoney They've even Mickey Rooney No, let's rock and teslo Oh, great last cup won't get into the corner No, we'll have some life And then we'll see our show With Tony Orlando Oh, get the fucking old Get a hot shake, ta-a You're a hot champagne Sit, fight the pool and act like a job Let's get the chick so you can meet in a skull Over by the exercise wall I chew your hand a coconut Sight up and buckle Camo back in Bushkill My belly and shoney Don't forget Mickey Rooney Stay rock and teslo Oh, we'll have some fucking in the poker No, we'll have some life And then we'll see our show With Tony Orlando In the poker no Let's go, just forget your seat I thought I got my teeth in the bag With the water and everything And we're 1046 and 560 My favorite part of the movie Patso with Anne Bankroff Is we're in Stin the Jewish version instead of where she says You wait the only She says you wait the coffee common We don't want to hear about it anymore Zack about the coffee common, okay? Did you do your research on it? No Very check OJ's lawyer somebody says that is correct He looks like Tom Greck Very check, let's get him on there right away I think it knew we're going to change the pool I was not going to create some kind of chaos and psychosis Because it's only going to require the changing of one word Eric Right? Right? Is that a bad idea? We can do it What? I mean we don't want to drag this whole thing out There's only how many people are there there to do it I'm sorry to me Well I guess you haven't been in St. Rice Lake yet At any rate we're in Hollywood But, uh, Ednoon looked switch it over Switch it over to which of these people Best bits of description of two gay I've got four Why do I want to because if I do that now then they'll start You know what I'm how they do That sounds like an old day window Ha ha ha Get outta here How many people in the whole country are out of their classes About 30 men Yeah We're going to cover the crap of that Huh? We're not going to limit it to that, boy Wait Oh I see You're going to pick on freaky Carlos again Oh he's out I was thinking during the break about the incredible WDUAM We got like a Jew jam at the UAM Sure, this whole quarter of the building We got the Maddie Bell You got Zach Crancite and they're filling us fat face You got the beast Brian Lundon What a funny name that is if I ever heard one Uh, in fact Zach admitted why you run vacation That his family changed their name from Rosencranc Or something like that to Cranc Yeah, that happens a lot Yeah, they got Crancite and they're pants Uh, who else we got? We got Moan Gildy Mean Clarence Clarence Hake The Humper Eddie K Maddie Bell I said but he's worth seeing again He's a great friend Green, Green, shine Green, shine It takes like a nude before going Start showing up in here Except for Joe Rose He's our token morning a guy And then of course another guy is the big Oh he don't belong on here Joe's a gackie There's another guy You don't know how the glam either one's at her The worst on the year I'm sorry and the crow What is it about that Zach That the glam by the worst one's on the year I'm sorry No, that's not true because the Mad dog is great And Joe Rose he and the end no small potatoes Joe Rose and Thor Joe Rose and Thor You're a rose and Thor and very very very good He's going to be pissed off tomorrow When he finds out you let him out of the closet Wow Joe Rose and Thor that was his name But we just didn't want to have too many Jews all in the morning So we had to change it back to Joe Rose Although Rose is very commonly a Jewish name anyway Is it it? Let me ask you this question Uh, is the Kentucky Derby this Saturday? Dye I'm pretty sure it is And I'm not doing any homework And I believe Friday we're going to get a call from Dave Johnson Which we do every year I don't want to be like Sit in my head Done Huh? Come with my pants down Especially when Dave Johnson calls you know how Jewish he is What year is it? There yeah And anyway so we better check that out I think the Derby is this Saturday If somebody will tell us somebody will fix it in Because I think it's the first Saturday and May And it and And Saturday is May first last time I checked Sports is propaganda The death of Pat Tillman This is by Randy Shaw This article is so good It's on our website I'm going to read it anyway Randy Shaw probably can direct As much as we like to think of big time sports As much as we like to think of big time sports is in a Escape from the real world There are times when it's politically conservative Messages must not be ignored That's why even non sports fans should be troubled by the Milletouristic jingle wasn't that accompanied Media coverage of former NFL star Pat Tillman's death There's denied while serving as an army ranger in Afghanistan Pat Tillman left the Arizona Cardinal football team And May 2002 to join the military as an army ranger It was certainly not newsworthy that somebody Running big money is a pro athlete would give it up to join the military But left unspoken in the sports media's ample coverage of Tillman Is the recognition that most Americans dying overseas Join the military for economic reasons Even the media that supported the war as a fight for freedom Find it amazing that anyone would actually sacrifice money to join the war fair In the sports world there was not a hit of ambiguity As to the merits of the cause in which Tillman lost his life NFL commissioner Paul Taglia boo stated that like other Protecting our freedom around the world Pat made the ultimate sacrifice After Taglia boo made a statement of the star The Saturdays NFL draft the crowd repeatedly chanted USA USA ESPN's NFL English Marks Square That's stated that Tillman made the ultimate sacrifice So that the people of the country could be protected ESPN's Friday night sports and it was all over the Tillman's story Company pictures of Tillman with waving American flags ESPN's website was similarly focused on Tillman And it's NFL andeless Marks Square that's stated that I just got through Readnet there was on a cardinals announced it would retire as number That applies to our surrounding their new state and will be named Pat Tillman Freedom Plaza At the same time that the sports world was mourning its tribute to Tillman Bush campaign operatives in their media allies Requesting Senator John Kerry's military service during Vietnam Suddenly Kerry's willingness to make the ultimate sacrifice and Diapers' country was no longer a sign of the great moral leadership And media associated with Tillman And Kerry's case the GOP got the media to raise questions about the nature of Kerry's war wounds And whether all three of his purple hearts were deserved Of course George W. Bush never made the ultimate sacrifice or risking his life for his country But Bush once owned the Texas Rangers baseball team and claimed to like NASCAR And is regularly praised by sportscasters and writers for being a real sports fan And hence a regular guy Kerry Edwards and other social critics of sport have argued that it was no accident That pro football's popularity rose along with the fighting in Vietnam The reason football's not been taken up by other countries is that it's militarism He's throwing a bomb to the scrab along pass and inherent violence does not strike a chord The NFL regularly acts as propaganda for the West military Any professional athlete questioning whether American troops overseas are really protecting Marcus freedom or are instead of vehicle for US imperialism What had their endorsements yet in career shortened The NFL in America's military industrial establishment both read billions from the actions of young African American men Many who menned up broke manned or both Just as the American publics been shielded from seeing the caskets of those killed in Iraq Sports fans rarely see profiles of the beaten down X NFL players Who's post-wear lives mean pain hardship and a much shortened life expectancy Nearly in all NFL owners are Republicans and some like Alex Spannels of the San Diego Chargers are large donors to the GOP And conservative causes NFL owners let's get the benefit of taxpayer supported stadiums the guaranteed profit And the ability to use the seemingly apalot area of pro football to spread their political gospel Detensive millions of voters Now that progressive is finally gotten it together to create a talk radio network The next challenge is to further infiltrate the world of professional sports Hey, Konaa, but on this station I'll tell you that except the juke crew we got Huh? Because in a one hand you got Joe Rose who's about as apolitical as anybody I can think of it on the other hand You got the mad dog who's contributing money to Bob Graham's campaign But every day when he gets the chances of looking George Bush's push If you don't understand every single day Do you have the speech you have their huh? I haven't noticed that well I have what you don't listen that's your problem You're probably No problem at all Ha ha ha No that's our problem because if you get a dire, you're going to probably put down the NPR or something like that And stick it to us Yeah right which of these people of beat what is beat the lists? Why can't I look a little bit more here now? After we'd met after they had that same paragraph and there twice the same story That wasn't my doing it was in the story and I saw an Eric is probably the original story Which of these people best friends in the description of being too Jewish gives you the hevy jibis when you be seen them Jackie Mason 52 friend ranger 47 julee roman 33 we got a dobbatterler for first Gary shandling 10 Woody Allen 7 Jerry sign filled five very manalotry Sanity of his junior two Allen green spans got a pair David Schwimmer's got one spell wrong I love her where we spell that a squimmer I wrote winder been one in barba wall wall. Why don't have any how about barba stress him What have it her is that just taking a long time to get on there of 163 votes. I can't throw those in yet. I see 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line WQAM hello How about Jerry still a Jerry still a resowed Jewish and he's married to an ira to a shiccer and mura They don't get more Irish than her you know In fact, I hear the sheathens his vase mirror when she stubs your toe 567 056 the impact how come that that mafia guys no long run days of our lives Which I don't want to show his name was Stefan Ode de Mura and I was done that actors and some other so popper Stefan Ode Mura what kind of a name is that I guess they don't want to put a greaseball name on her They don't want like stereotyped those Italians do we want to do one for Italians one day this week to Italian Oh, who we got? Think it all the top of your eyes anybody from the sopranos Right, how about Robert De Niro? Okay, think of some other good grease balls I guess we could do a half day with that. Yeah, we could do like maybe an hour half an hour five or ten minutes five six seven Oh five sixty anybody in the sopranos you know what I'm out of the paper is the paper is just oh, I can't even handle those bits and all more I'm not playing the other day. Don't ever let me play that again. All right, don't WQ and hello not there WQ and hello Yeah, WKM WJM yes, yeah, let's speak to me. Oh speaking I am now on your list of two Jewish people Yes Who is it? Alan Dushuitz Yeah, he's very Jewish okay. Thank you and he's full of crap to some of the times some of them I like him I agree with him other times I think he's full of crap and of course don't forget he was on the dream team It was part of the OJ defense team which makes us now that I rethink my position and hate him like poison Alan Dushuitz You got it. Can you have that one? No, is that crowd Rosen cramps? I'm trying that was a good line Joe Rosen to all I like that That was beautiful man. Oh, man. So we got Dave Johnson as Jewish Joe Rosen to all his Jewish right What would be something it comes out that Jim uh, make a wits is Jewish Mortgage name possibly being I ain't no joke you're a Tee that He showed me WQM hello Yes, sir Two things the great Senator for Michigan Carl 11 with the Carl 11 with us with a silly bifocals down on the tip of his nose I mean what is he reading with those huh Carl 11 I had a you probably seen it already called jockey where it had the you know how these jockey's trying to make way Right, yeah, the great ranger a mero and Shame sellers it was about really about them, but it was interesting It was about a really a tragic career man I mean not only is it very dangerous, but the extremes that they have to go to make the way to just puking their guts out and you like you know Too let us leave for lunch just the pathetic Yeah, go on in the box. Can I say that? Going in the right Anyway, great show Neil and let's get the bushel all right. That's a great day, Belly. Bye, bye to bush by by the W That's our motto in 2004 when we're gonna say a lot more in 2004 first new one. I tell you Oh, you got to stop that bush flashing. No, whatever happened to a JJ from temper pines We had you know we had a good time. It's quite of that obnoxious fact. Yes, they were pretty good show Yeah, had a great time didn't feel like we were letting anybody down that we weren't cutting the mustard Hot, right cutting something that we can cut it anymore on the air made it all the way to the end Well, there you go JJ. How do you like that? I'm sure he or she or she or it is sitting out there right now But our radio glued. I mean do with that ear glued in it Let's face it you've been hearing me talk about fast rain till you're gluing the face and you probably wanted a fast rain makes sense for you Well, the facts are simple if you got the dedication if you're desperate If you're not making the tunicles drum together fast-rank and provide you with us to say returning a cup of your C.A. Brad new high paying computer career, and they can do it in just four short months think about it By the end of the summer you can really be on your way start making some real cash Fast rains got day night and we can classes financial assistance for those who qualify and once you complete your classes Fast rain will help you even in getting a new computer job So what's not to like? It's really just that easy just make that one simple call don't keep putting it off on procrastinate Call one eight six six fast rain Fast rains got seven floor locations including Miami candle for love to the unpeembered price So there's bound to be a fast rain campus nearby you if you want to really change your life for the better Just this one simple call for really do it for you. Check them on the web fast rain.com We're all about it and then make that call today one eight six six fast train Oh That If you ever watched us you know that we're newlyweds And you'd swear there's only empty space inside my head Absolutely But you keep returning fast Unnated by a dish Who can tell if she aged chicken or tuna fish My breeze away Here's something you don't see on every reality show People who are famous just for one day to not love Oh But you always do because I played a song this day Like the time I thought that buffalo's have tiny ways Cosmise Well next time she's a ingenious so maybe she's got something going for it's 11 or three and George would probably agree because she said they're right across from you Yeah, we have to reach some touch there, but she'd probably have slack right in the foot, such or we have to cuttle oh no sure. No, you did not got pictures of it. Holy moly Jackie Mayson's to George 60 people said that transwisher the nanny 54 Wow, what a crutch Julie Roman 40 and then after that it's really small potatoes Woody Allen 13 Gary Chandling 10 Jerry signed filled six David Schwimmer's got five Sammy Davis Junior four very manlow three You think he'll be on our next list I will wonder been three Alan Greenspan and three Farbo Walters one Jerry still has got one. Although he ain't shown it Alan Dershire with one and Carl 11 Senator for Michigan with him silly by foe girls Good guy, but there no votes out of 204 WQAM hello Deal yes sir for your poll health out Excited Requirement Excited no, nobody knows who that is no, okay, I put him on there, but nobody knows refinement, okay Remember refiterman? Well back in the life of days back in a field Henry days. Okay. Yeah, back when Phil was human being He came a bit differently. He might have actually heard him till he became a subhuman duty bag. See when still say that I'm trying I'm starting to slide these out really easy now. Okay. Oh About your mom is jealous WQAM hello both of them. Yeah, yes sir To get the whole kneel for the poll speaking you got him. I knew got a hold of you. Hey Goldberg hang Goldberg to Jewish Okay, thank you the Hebrew hammer two Hebrew got him got the offer Actually, he's named was Smith. He just wanted to you know fit him with the rest of the crowd Well Hank go he's got that Jewish look you know, I mean he really has got that Jewy look That fat Jewish look like slack is God in fact does that can hack I'd see a lot of similarities there No, you mentioned it and the beast You know what don't you think we we can make a great rock group a kill the wadling Jews Beast yours truly Zach the Humper Who's gonna be the singer the wadling Jews how about you's I'm a fat Jew WQAM hello George yes sir What about the obnoxious John Rivers don't really discuss things. She's no idea how could we forget. Thank you excellent Joan Rivers and have you noticed I don't know if you ever see her yes, but during the course of channel surfing I'll see you on those shoppers. Oh, I'm sorry. Holy moly. I mean you talk about one facelift too many or maybe not just one Oh, she's got she's got she's got parts on her nose that belong on her back to someplace else in her body We're out her eyebrows are on the back of her neck holy cow. I mean somebody tell that bitch enough already with a plastic surgery She ain't plastic. She's spastic Man Oh Michael Jackson thinks she had too much. She had I just don't understand it whole thing with people to plastic surgery because we were later All starts the nose winds up on your chin and then your chin winds up on your knee and your boobs One up on your ankles. It's just not a good way to go. Okay. No So tell it to you in hello. Yeah sir. How about Beniro's who is it? Randy Rhodes is too Jewish Okay, thank you Randy Rhodes. She's so Jewish. He's kicking ass to honor American both markets How can we have it hurt anymore about that? I guess it's after April 3 they got to get new station in LA in Chicago and that's It's a mess and it's not her fault. Give her all the credit. At least she's gonna arrange it. Oh But other net they ain't got nothing going and nobody is just saying even Al Franken ain't getting all the big media because there's nothing going there. He's not a broadcast. Okay, he's not a broadcast It like her anymore. Taz a broadcast 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line L. America. It's just a piece of turd WQAM hello Hey, sir Neil You're okay All right, okay Yeah, oh yeah, that's a beauty that's one of the best talk of me forget he is just dripping with it Yeah, I can't look at him. He was thank you pal good one excellent David Brenner how can we forget him and if he was Jewish how about you'll Brenner? Oh David Brenner. Oh gosh, and again these people can't help but they were born it's in your jeans You know they can't help but if they look so chewy, but it's just I don't know Now I don't get the hebys hebys when I see Hank, but then I got to see Hank about once a year or so, you know, we get along fine Now he he he he he he he he doesn't have that he just looks very Jewish But it doesn't have that dripping with like David Brenner or Gary Shanley look that that's that's a whole other level of Joenus Oh, how of up was something like that Jackie Mason 63 Yeah, I told you the story was 1956 that's almost that's almost 50 years ago, right? That's 48 years ago. I saw Jackie Mason my parents took me to the Whatever the hell I hotel was on Collins Avenue on the beach began with an S Saxony something like that anyway see Jackie Mason in print he was exactly the same then he looked the same Yeah, a little younger, but it's 50 years ago and his acting did the same stick and he talked exactly the same way There was nothing different the same material So you got a hand-in-tom if you want I think it was board that age Is that what it was he was born an old man like a lot of people in South Florida. Yeah You wonder what what were these people like when they were younger? Well guess what they never were younger they were always been old They were stretching when they were born Jackie Mason 63 Friend Russia 59 Two labor of in 42 Woody Allen 15 Gary Shanley's got 11. No, he just he just making a move now got in dozen Jerry sign felt seven David Schwimmer five Tell me of his junior five hour windman four Gallon green span for Allen Dushuitz has got three very man low three and one of these for Carliven Barbara Wall Wall Jerry still or the hump. I don't have any yet. He just went up on there John Rivers David Brennan is a whole thing screwed up 135 oh We're doing the best we can under the circumstances. Okay, is he ever gonna get that thing straight now where we get back Go you get back online with him or we try to write you've experiments and he's thoroughly convinced that it's not him And nothing he can do about it that it's right here in the bill. It's on the QAM and oh Don't tell me another technical disaster a QA That we might be blocked from going there from the building Ah, they probably put up the old firewall. I hate this place nothing works here Everybody Bob Vermouth has the fine finger in it just like work your Howard man 567 effect when the food shows up from how he's probably any onion rings you'll find what a Bob of vermouth's finger Exactly that Finger food little ketchup little mayo WQ that's right meos for going QAM hello Hey Neo. I got someone for you. Oh, okay You mighty come home WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir I have a name for the poll. Yes, speak up. You don't have to whisper it. Oh, okay the bush people are listening What he's not Jewish oh, yes, yes, no, he's not oh absolutely says whom says Mr. Big boys Wayne he's not Jewish absolutely where do you get that from oh? I saw met some Jewish They're just a big call. He's not Jewish. What a lunatic how do you like that some guy picking on our good old buddy Oh, I don't know what I was playing I always played the one that goes oh Oh, you can't do that But I didn't man I got that I got that finger on a clicker like you wouldn't believe Come to QAM hello Hey, you're real important when there Neo. Okay. Let's have it Ladies Jerry Lewis yeah, I'm trying to go my thanks Jerry Lewis. I lady Hey, hey, it's Jerry Lewis how could we forget him and David brother man. We're really slipping Okay, we got these honor before noon because then we'll do gay and I know that we should change it I beg your pardon got four days No, no, no, you're wrong you're wrong You're not see you're trying to like see you're doing what JJ when JJ I think was confusing me with you Oh sure Fake in your way through you think I really want to fake my way doing that Sure, why not what he called I don't like that. No, I just don't have enough Jews How many Jews are there in America? Third man you should be a lot more in the world than a government of mustache got involved and now we're ain't looking so good And now we got the new guy up there who I don't have a mustache. Oh brother Man, oh man oh man But we'll do the a gay thing at noon and then we have tomorrow and I was an all day affair it's two Cuban No, why You're gonna have to day on Jews and gays in a whole day on Cubans in South Florida It's not forget where you are man you forget your origins. I think these are all day long things No, and then one about a black Yeah, which of these people is too black day long and let me ask you this how come Ojameed I've come time. Hey, those days so black or Ojameed then so dead. There's so what however that goes 1113 at five 60 WM or picking on everybody this week so don't blame us of being like you know picking on the Jews Pickin on the goiam pickin on the in fact we can do that which of these is too Catholic Well We got Dennis a donovan that chronic Dennis and we got the pope and we got the William Donahoo from the Catholic V. Those are the only three I know and Mel Gibson Maybe that maybe there's a chance for that one, huh? Sure, which of these is too Catholic. That's a half day 1113 at five 60 WM when a man is considering a hair replacement as greatest concern is how natural will look or a little I look very Dickilist People be laughing their ass off in my phone. He looking peed It looks like a dead animal died on my head Absolutely you can always spot a bad piece But how many good ones are there that you don't even know about they go unnoticed? Charles Alfie or he's designed and supplied her assistance to show his people for more than 35 years and Has even appeared as a guest on good morning America the today showing CBS morning news Introducing his patented hair system looking at how busy the most amazing natural hairline system in the world Now the most critical area of any hair system is that hairline and Charles new skill like hair system is 100% Undetectable like those other pieces because when you got that Muscad look to think he keeps moving around Charles Alfie or his guaranteed you was to try his assistant for 30 days After a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells return for a full refund no questions Acts and Charlie also services and repairs existing here systems are including shampoo and trim So don't delay call Charlie today shampoo and right call today and change your life forever look better and younger than you ever dreamed You could again with a real great look ahead of hair instead of some mousey looking piece call toll free 1-800-3212413 that's 1-800-3212413 or check them out on the web at Charles Alfie or he dot com Back they are and 50s funny man Jerry Lewis is too are you sure? Well kind of and now the 50s meet the 80s to form a super group for the new millennium Introducing Jerry Lewis and the news Hey The hot the broken roll Hot the broken roll is still beating with the men's or clothes and the AR then clean ones are ready Which should wagon and the flagel and all those places the king of comedy is about to become the prince of pop It's Jerry Lewis and the news Please I like a new drug No need those ways it is a nice man Pharmacist type person in the white coat Hey, it's hip to be square and it's even hip or device something round like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news Available you can find it wherever vine record is all with the nice man behind the counter They'll be fine with the nice lady And the bad news about him is that his face deflated and he's back down like almost normal size Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's been What if it's played a duzy go and arrested him too? I can't like enjoy it scene, I'm under a lurking like 16 times a month with his all blown up and destroy A.o. or coz you're on comes around Jerry 560560 pound 660 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Which of these people best gets the description for two Jewish? Which of these people when you see them immediately gives you the oh? He VGB's Activism by young women they boost Democrats in November polls Don't want to give some of you bush die hards any nervous stomach any butterflies, but Are you bush? Yes, though the pictures the Sunday's abortion rights march and Washington focused on the size of the crowd the tourist story of its political impact Could be measured by the age of the demonstrators More college age women showed up than usually attended abortion rights rallies which tend to be dominated by older women if that Translate to increase voting in November by young women a group that usually doesn't vote in the high numbers it could help their class in a close selection The march attracted hundreds of thousands of women to the national wall and downtown Washington where they rallied for abortion rights and protest to the against president bush A key complaint with bushess signature on two new laws the unborn victims of island sack which grants a fetus legal rights And the parcel birth abortion ban act which criminalizes a medical procedure Sometimes you determine eight late term pregnancies. I went which were those applies to the baby that What's your name is curing on Theresa on passions? In the short term the march could serve as a caution to Congress at one senior Republican senator who spoke on kishnadi not be identified Lessdy drug criticism from his peers that was a very impressive showing by any first entity said I think we'll discourage any more votes this year on a Basian I'd be like that in other words they put the fear of God in the The fetus augurs at least for the before the election then if he gets in again then forget roe v Wade Today's the big day for the chainy thing in the Supreme Court Those energy meetings you know those secret energy meetings with secret people that we don't want to tell anybody It was in like Kenny lay in those people the in-run folks at settlement so on to be a court's gonna decide on that That quite a good report on NPR this morning about that also Jason Williams, Toronto Jewish Deliberity They're liberating it right now. Look at that they're on a commercial on court on court TV Yeah, so yeah, we want we want all of this stuff before to a clock right Absolutely, so I get the heavy duty crap because once it comes to a clock man We get really sports intensive again, baby. It's for just about to rest the days until 10 o'clock tomorrow morning We become sports and sane obsessive Mind nine WM hello. Come on. You know I have an addition to your poll. Yes, sir Gilbert got freed Gilbert got freed yeah Is he wish oh yeah, oh yeah, come on. Oh, no question Gilbert got freed is Jewish. I'm so embarrassed You might like to share how it goes so as well. Now he's he's too dead. He's not even warm yet Yeah, we had Sammy Davis you right we could put our co-cell on our Dave Johnson vote form he hated hated Well actually we are putting dead people on these pools because I'm the other one. I'm gonna put Paul in the handle Although who is there anybody didn't like Paul in you think? Well You Catholics, maybe Why's that The whole homophobia thing. Oh, I see Catholics are homophobic. That's that. I'm using God they're just jealous. I don't want to let the third day while I hang out with the switch guard The Pope says don't you let any of them take a look at near the switch guard There is private stock you do understand it What I don't know what you're laughing about it go yeah more read down in the International Harold Tribune and the New York Times writes in bush world down as always up He is great more in down. I'm just might have to read this. You know, I'm gonna I don't want to read too many stories because Zack is there He'll snitch on me, you know, I go right about a building oh that old man was reading stories again on the air to the out I Mean realize it's not as good as reading in ball game scores over and over again 9762 But we got any hockey games today. We got the lightning and Montreal game three. That's gonna be a sweep lightning San Jose should I'll call a rattle they got that series one nothing. It's a three nothing series now the sharks You know you know who picked San Jose to win a Stanley Cup? Mo? I mean is that I guess I give it away That's just a mole who knows nothing about hockey. I have absolutely hurt it a couple weeks ago Somebody asked him who do you like for the I'm the like San Jose He must be on a lucky street because he don't know nothing about it Which goes to show you the let's you know sometimes the better off you are We're in downrights in bush world down as always up Washington is their reality we just live and die in it in bush world American troops go to war and get killed but you never see the bodies coming home In bush world flaggrade remains of the fall and are important to review and show the nation But only in political ads talking the presence leadership against terror in bush world American America Can create an exciting Iraqi democracy as long as it doesn't control its own military Passing he laws or have any power in bush world America can win over a polluge of our bulldozing it in Bush world it was worth going to war so Iraqis could express their feelings with what I was having their tongues cut out Although America cannot Allow them to express in in temperate feelings in newspapers without shutting them down In bush world is fight it takes $700 million to Congress provided for the war in Afghanistan and post nine eleven recovery And I've heard it to the war in Iraq that you're insisting you're not planning In bush world you know consult your father the expert in being president during a war with Iraq But you do talk to your higher father who can't talk back to you to warn you to get an exit strategy or try You for using him for political purposes In bush world is all right to run for re-electness the Avenger of nine eleven Even as you make secret deals with the Arab kingdom were most of nine eleven hijackers came from In bush world to get to strut around like a tough military guy and paint your rival as a chicken hawk even though he's the one who One metals in combat was praised by a superior officers for fulfilling all his obligations In bush world to make sense to press for transparency and Mr. Mrs. Rival while cultivating your own opacity In bush world you can reign as the anti-terror prison even after hearing an intelligence reported by Al Qaeda's plans to attack America and then stepping outside to clear brush In bush world those who disemble about the troops and money it will take to get Iraq on its feet Our patriots while those who are honest and are patronizingly marginalized in bush world they struggle to keep Church and state separate in Iraq even as they increasingly merged the two in America In bush world you can claim to be the environmental president on earth day while being the industry present every other day In bush world you can brag about how while Afghanistan is going even though soldiers are still dying in the telebanner running freely around the border areas hiding with some of in London and delaying elections In bush world and imperfect intelligence is good enough to knock over Iraq but even better evidence than North Korea's building the weapons That's not a most incredibly dream about is hidden away In bush world the CIA says it can't fight out whether their weapons are mass destruction in Iraq unless American vades of the grounds that there are weapons are mass destruction In bush world there's no irony that so many who did so much to avoid the Vietnam draft and now strain the military so much That lawmakers have talking about bringing back the draft In bush world America's making progress and war on terror by fighting war that creates terrorists In bush world you don't need to bother asking you guys president top defense department officials Whether you should go to war in Iraq because they've already maneuvered you into going to war in the first place In bush world you have found that we make in the Middle East and spreading pro-american Sentiments even as you expand any American Sentiments by an epliocupying Iraq and an un-stint instinctively backing Prime Minister Ariel Serone of Israel on West Bank settlements in bush world America went to war to give a rocket democratic process If the stains the democratic process that causes allies to pull out troops In bush world you pride yourself on the fact that your administration does not leak to the press While you flood the best known journalist in Washington with inside information and a bush world you list Bob Woodward's book plan of attack is recommended reading on your campaign website Even though it makes you seem divorced from reality that is unless you live in bush world So moving everyone is talking about the controversial story up a final days of Donald Trump that his 12th of Is the passion of the Donald people tonight somebody is going to betray me National Donald try on friendly chronicles the last forward meeting over rosette You mean to tell me that you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver you could have easily gotten three times that much Omerosa you're fired the passion of the Donald he may be whipped, but he's never defeated I've always fantasized about you whipping me, but if you're going to work for me You will have to hit a lot harder than that Katrina you fight it don't fix the all inspiring Conclusion of the passion of the Donald went one blessed apprentice finally nailed down the job Filmmy it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly sweet and who goes down to the street But to find out you'll have to endure something far more painful than crucifixion a two hour life finale It's 1132 Tom Jekker loves that show. I should put out in this questions and answers column on Sunday really wrote this lengthy glowing answer. I think he just made up the question about that show and how popular it is and how it really gives people insight into what they quote the world is all about Tom that show blows okay, and I don't care how many people are watching it how big it is so was who wants to be a millionaire gigantic huge okay, so the American taste because the only reason people watch it is so they can see other people Be graded and humiliated. It's the old SNN thing. This is very big these days. It gives me insight all right up until today I never knew that Gilbert was Jewish Yeah Here's the fact that Neil I'm sure no one remembers her because she was born back when God was a teenager But how about WKT's post your child for turning the channel? Peppy fields And for the gate pole how about that screaming home decorator found on the lifetime channel Christopher Lowell makes Richard Simmons look like Clint Eastwood Look like Hercules. He would definitely wait if everybody knew who he was. I see well, I think our audience should know by now We got about how many bits of our Christopher Lowell about to it man That any great I'll give you a little heads up on well. Oh, here you go. There's another one Harvey firestein As a matter of fact, there's another one could be on both polls period man low and Harvey firestein can be the Lord cross dress across over Harvey firestein We'll see one for the other girl. I thought you with the names. I got I got the seven for the two gay poll Bruce V. Lange Jim J. Bullock Paul in Charles Nelson Riley Christopher Lowell Richard Simmons and Harvey firestein. What a good start. You already backs those there. Right? No And what about since we're putting good people on there. What about Truman Capote Every Truman Capote sure saw that we have he he you reminded me of the bird on doggy donors Truman Capone and In fact, I think he was the former for the I'm a style of death in the chair Oh, yeah, I know it is the top I go. Yeah, you've never seen interview from a company You got a lot of it Like he had something in his mouth answer five six seven. Oh five I didn't say that Then five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of a rise of wireless nonsense We got eight on there. I'll give him you slowly when we get to it with We're still ways away. Just that piece of paper that you got among. What can't you just stick that in the fact machine there? Okay, I'll do it right now. Well, do it in the break Okay, let's see two gay Is the belt right that way a Truman Capote Well, I'm scrolling these okay, right, so I hope you can read it. They're all spelled correctly Okay, my spelling is impeccable That's impeccable like oh, which of these people best fits the description being too Jewish Jackie Mason one oh two he's pulled it away Jackie Mason is the doing the same routine like I said about 100 years Never changes Friend rest for seventy. You remember that show he had the word what was that on? The TV show where he had the the Israeli screaming at the Palestinians But they practically get into fist fights It was yeah, there was some talk show kind of like an intellectual jury spring or show If there is such a thing Friend rest year 78 jewelry ribbon 56 Alan Dershowitz 21 what he Allen 21 Yuri Chandley 14 Jerry signfeld nine David swimmer nine jomber v. 9 David Brenner nine Semidavis junior rate hour wind of in six hang goldberg six rubber creeper 45 on a heat have nine Alan Greenspan's got four very man low four Car 111 verbal waters one Jewish still are one none yet for Jerry low as say lady Mel Brooks Gilbert got freed. Oh, no, you can't tell me the Gilbert is Jewish Break your jude art with a name like Solomon and Howard Kosseldon have any or Mel Brooks either ML Brooks is pretty joy See here's one it says Paul wolfowitz. Oh, no, we don't want to put him on it's embarrassing We want to put any Jewish Nazis on their plays Paul wolfowitz ooh That is disgusting aren't you embarrassed by that even for the Jews? Yes, okay? So I'm gonna fix this too. I'll do that or to Eric or whatever Don't let me forget the Thomas Oltal faint column of the Boston Globe the watch carry throw his word decorations Which you know, and that if this is the ultimate of gall the idea that a People that were a wall or like a Best really seeking out the firm and wait A lot of cuts by our picking on the guy that put his life on the line and Vietnam and his got purple hearts and medals and so on and so forth What he did with him was his business and and the business of attacking Jane fun and all other people opposed the war Obviously they're pandering to people too young or too stupid and know what Vietnam was all about and I was you never been in their first place Just like some other place I can think of that's going to hell on a hand basket right now Don't forget you can't spell cragmire without a rack WQAM hello Yes, sir. I Listen now. I think about a year ago you read and how to call about Christians are a registration party in their signal right next to MPR Right if it on your archives, but you know if I can find it Because I mean I'm having the same problem where I live Is this single just listening to my radio and It is Yes, and I got somebody for a fool about Jake's regular There's so Jewish Ali por jello no people And and and most it's too don't forget most it and The church then I thought Moses was Cuban myself anyway just a little inside Joe by 670560 550 Wayne highs and good is Jewish that guy we need to find that one We need to trace him run him down and have a mad dog beat the crap out of him I'll run him down now, but you will how about Wayne? Wouldn't get Rick Sanchez to run him down Right from the stadium WQAM hello I need a Sir, we're about that Carson guy from that show. What is it the decorating show or whatever that is? Let's find Queen to dress everybody Oh, I know who you're talking about. I don't know what his name is though. Yeah, I was talking about George one of those please You ask me No, no, I've decorated off show. Yeah, I watch all the decorating shows. Yeah, I can't spell Okay 560560 well one of one would be so bad the three I mean it's gonna little bit over the top if he acts me Can't spell acts without 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Which of these people best fits the description of being two Jewish TVGVs WQAM hello They know yes, sir. Hey, I'm up all five of the queer lives of the straight guy guys You're on the other pool already. Yeah, I'm about to five of a straight guy. I Get out here See what I'm saying? I'll tell him about the second pole is gonna be there already getting ahead of me Save that for later. Well, can we don't know what their names are anyway, so who gives a crap and Anybody who deserves it? It would be a rule you have to actually know the person that you're putting on the pole That would be helpful. That would certainly be some serious ass assistance for us if he hates our drill like guy Yeah, but this is even better the five guys. Yeah. I don't know any of his names is this but the five guys This is that's on that shows the queer show. Yeah, yeah, no kidding I wouldn't want to trophy paid me by the second any of those shows queer as folk All the stereotypes all the swishy flavors you know, oh my god even Homer Simpson's in birth But the old word is good What is that love been the bethose the those people are not in those shows No, those are not the kind of that you're looking for Maybe some of the real butcher somebody Rosie O'Donnell look alike someone at crowd somebody Ellen D. Jenner richer Somebody hey look at how well I'm wearing my pants. I hope better and you are Mr. Yeah, my fat ugly a Yeah, Kirchner just all Nike with a mustache oh Twenty Twenty till noon at five 60 Q a m Roger's got oh I don't know where it is a bad amount of white little voices or their fake nose is those goofy hearts Tiny little meckles Tyler they just they just rub me the wrong way and I'm a Tesla lips and every speech I love we get it's in the news Hillary hates you Boy We hatred through the whole Austin people's months of all since in the news Hillary hates you You won't catch your liking a monora Got you must have a wonderful One cheese pizza. I want a crunchy good use of a rap line gets in the news Oh Yes, really the fact you're this thing and there's something man that places is just brutal. Yeah, I resutted and it's still saying incoming call and it's Just said it and forget oh, it's received again it. It's great receiving it's making noises Well probably mine though because I try to get it well we'll see if this goes through or not How does that Q a and fast machine working on People think that we use The medical issues don't work it's not it's not the right one Well, I'm telling you well whistle the tune if you got one you might get this okay Okay, it's got that dial tone on there now it's gonna start the puke in a way there you go here those Here those tones and uh careful what that's the fact machine. Oh, okay It's ringing it's ringing over there And how do I hear that it's still ringing? That blue you got some real serious problems. I was all I can say you're like a remove from the mean stream of the universe We're off the grid. Wait to these people best pits the description to Jewish. Oh, there you go. I hear that you hear that Here it no it's making it Those fencing sounds Jackie May's 116 friend Resherati three Julie Roman 61 Alan Dushowitz has got What are you Alan 25 Gary shandling's got 14 Jerry sign filter David Schwimmer 10 David Brenner 10 Committee didn't go on earlier film Rivers 9. Oh, it's completed you got it you got a comment Sanyday was junior nine. I were wondering when seven the Humper has got 60 Hebrew hammer Three man, low five Alan Green span four Gilbert got three four Gilbert is Jewish Mel Brooks two Harvey firestein two Barbara Walters one Jerry still are one Carl Evans got one in no votes for Jerry Lewis Howard Coast cell puffy fields are Christopher Lawl Christopher Lowl on the long on that full Christopher Lowl is Jewish Must be a mistake. Oh, I'll be a mistake. Zach. He could be Okay, now you got that list got it good. Okay. Well, I have a little bit difficult day bear with us folks Regis spirit five six seven look at these phones just smoke in here on this this Jew thing WQAM hello Yeah, I want to get some names on that list Well, wait with some names is in plural Yeah, I got there's I think a list for Jewish and a list for gay. Oh, okay? What's the Jewish? Jewish is Howard Stern? Okay, and the gay is Louis Anderson The comedian Louis be Anderson is gay No, that that wildly fat little guy is gay. I don't think so no That's the one I was in that awful family feud remake that I stood for about three months But that's another poll. Yeah, okay, which of these short people who you thought was gay But really isn't is awful and there that'll be a poll unlike a week from Monday week from circus at that Okay, Howard Stern is too Jewish Even though he's got that thing about sandy ego if you missed a beginning of the show This is worth repeating okay, that is so and I probably Schmidt candid. Oh, I hope not please tell me I didn't Schmidt candid Uh Oh, here's that facts from yesterday about from JJ BB whatever its name was Save that for poster and then frame it like my answer that some day. I I guess I Schmidt candid. Oh no Anyway, I remember the number the station in San Diego that was carrying Howard Stern in the month of February he had an 8.9 share I don't know whether that I guess that's 2554 That didn't say what demographic or sorry probably shouldn't be guessing anyway just to give it the the comparison in the month of March which meant after he went off the air in San Diego They had a 0.7 0 or here it is but I would have ripped in half You know how I have had it doing that right and the problem is I got the top half But I don't have the bottom half which is what I've been before yeah I got the top half I got a kick in my hand in the bottom half and anyway that was the number 8.9 to a 0.7 So another reason to be listening very closely and carefully Thursday morning to the show at 11 30 tomorrow When those numbers start Across the tax machine Oh, which means I better get my new drum Because it says change drum real soon wouldn't that be a kick in the asset See I don't monkey ran a those drums cost like about 300 bucks. I do believe Canadian a but I'll have that thing in there by tomorrow Just to make sure that by Thursday we have everything percolate and red long as we don't want to have the equipment malfunctioning here Like it seems to be my amy studio so often where Bob removed and the George Corso between the two of them don't there another ask for my elbow Let's be the salt air. That must be it must be the sea breeze W to Q a and hello With the without time and Bob yes sir. I Algorithm and A Hirsch Bell is a good choice and algal stein Folks, you think those are two good choices. They're not gonna get too much because I'm a fat Jew right and if we're gonna put them on how about Ron Jeremy? How come we're still putting new names on here when a pulse Oh It's coming down. It's coming down. It's like the statue there in Iraq and that photo off remember that yeah That photo off the statues coming down here we go Boy, I'm gonna tell you the way they manipulated the public here. You got a head into a man Hitler would be so proud Here, my'm Gary Joseph. I suppose it would be proud and jealous because they didn't have TV to use back in the back in the day And of course the other way you look at it. There could be exposed for all allies and Vs and the DC except for the fact that they got these people Just like Don Carole on ahead all those judges in his pocket didn't share while the same thing with the bush Myster and all these right with these neocons they got the media in their pocket That's that liberal media That we keep here in so much about Eric Alderman the myth of the liberal media That's a book you should read along with all these others. There's so many Anyway Thomas Olifand who's a great writer and cartoonist I must Carry through his war decorations. This is in today's a Boston globe On the way to the fence where he threw some of his military decorations 33 years ago I was four feet five feet behind John Kerry as he near the spot from which members of Vietnam veterans against the war were We're partying with a few of the trappings of their difficult past to help them face the future more squarely I watched Kray reach with his right hand to the breast pocket of his fatigue shirt The hand emerged with several of the ribbons that most of the vets have been wearing that unique week of protest Much as they are worn on a uniform blouse There couldn't have been all that many decorations in his hand six or seven because he made a closed fist around his collection with ease As he waited his turn I recall him getting stopped by one or two wounded vets in wheelchairs Clearly worried that they wouldn't be able to get their stuff over the looming fence We have him a few more decorations. Kerry says he doesn't remember this It is true that Kray was one of the veterans group leaders, but in this eclectic aggressively Individualist a collection of people who have been through a pointless war that were no privileges of rank Kerry was in the middle of a line perhaps of a thousand guys only a third or even less of the total would assembled on the Washington mall that astonishing week At the spot where the men were symbolically letting go of their participation in the war the authorities had erected a wood and wire fence to prevent it Then from getting close to the front of the US Capitol and carried paused for several seconds We had been talking for days about the war politics the veterans demonstration But I could tell Kerry was upset to the point of anguish and I decided to leave him be his head was down as he approached the fence quietly In a voice I doubt I would have heard had a not been so close to him. Kerry said as I vividly recall There is no violent reason for this. I'm doing this for peace and justice and I try to help this country wake up once and for all With that he didn't really throw his hand full toward the statue of John Marshall America's first chief justice In order to drop the decorations he sort of loved them and just walked out the stage Some people have written second hand accounts of that day stating that Kerry at the moment also through males have been given to him by a couple of vets of wood there I remember Kerry doing late that later in the day after the event had broken up He was in the company for a part of that time of a small group of gold star mothers would loss sons in the war In addition to the events involving the military decorations of veterans also held a pre-plating ceremony near the Capitol and Attended congressional hearings on civilian casualties of the conflict from what I could observe first had about Friday April 23rd 1971 Kerry did not make even the slightest effort to pretend that he was throwing all of his military to their military Decorations over the fence. He did what he didn't claim view in my case the view of someone close enough to kick him in the shins It was clear to me that Kerry had arrived here only with the ribbons he wore on his shirt Which by the way will refer to as medals by the late Stuart Sommington of Missouri one of the Center for Relations Committee members present for for his famous anti-war statement While the idea of turning back decorations had been talked about prior to that week There was no clear plan on when the veterans arrived Then I before the men had a long loud argument about whether to throw their stuff or simply place it on a long table and from the Capitol I watched Kerry argue for the lestermatic approach and lose It was clear from our conversations back then and ever since the Kerry made no distinction among his various decorations the others have Some in the military don't either I remember once asking my father who was awarded a bronze star on the Pacific during WW2 What he called the ribbon and lapel ornament he received an addition to the star he said they were all the bronze star I've always found the political juncture of the by Kerry's detractors to be undignified as well as largely inaccurate I right now because the political junk is much higher profile now though no less misleading and not by the way Because her fourth job in the public arena. I thought I'd just do and Kerry's staff I just happen to be there that long ago day I saw what happened here to heard what Kerry said and nobody meant the truth happens to be with him writes Thomas all of a sudden today's Boston globe and the idea that anybody should be excoriated for Exposing the military test career to get now more for having the courage to come back and Tell the American public that there was a bunch of crap and people were dying for nothing Shame on anybody would do that especially Draftoggers like Bush and Cheney and the other knee who comes in ever served one day in a military But I just mentioned that in passing Excuse me for getting I read No, no, what makes me so furious isn't the fact that they're doing it is the fact that they're actually people including these jackholes and immediate for buying into it Well, this is this makes sense. Well, it's a examiners. I mean there's a validity to listen He's some kind of take on my god coming to comey pinko Jane Fada jombed my stuff In echo out with knickers already with Pat Boons white bucks. Let's speak in a pad boom in the box Yeah, and we're here's the pool. Here's our first pool, which is not coming to a conclusion I have no idea where we're just add names on there, but why not a kilton good time like you see Which of these people best fits the description of two Jewish is to a Jewish or she? Jackie Mason 120 when he pulled away in a stretch big time just like to a strapper who's going in a wrong direction Jackie Mason 121 friend Resher 89 and the nanny Julie women 70 Alan Dusherwood 34 Woody Allen 25 very shandling 16 Jerry Son fell the 11 David Brenner 11 10 for the hopper for the Hebrew hammers got 10 don't remember 10 David swimmer 10 Send me to the junior nine. I were wondering been seven very manlow six. He'll be coming back Alan Greenspan for gebert godfried for high-refired the industry. She'll be coming back Jerry still her two mailbox two barba. While while one car 11 one Howard Stern one No votes for Howard Co. So pedpy fields are Jerry Lewis And Russian laden and I like rubbing my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to that meal Okay, I'm gonna use the hour Get ready for a show that'll have the critics talking Not that video We don't show it out nicely Thank you. Oh god. He started it round. Oh, I think you've him out from out. Oh god. I like to face him It's Can't wait now it's interesting all the other gay bits that we have I don't think we can play any of them I can't imagine why but most of my got things that there need to be dumped Can I say that no need to be Did it otherwise we're changing the poll yes people are still fat team Well, we don't want anymore. Junims we're off the Jews now run a gaze okay. I must do like a Jew gay or something like that Which of these people best fits that description of being two gay? That's the question in pool number two forget about the Jews okay? We already you're gay. Did enough with them So to speak Bruce B. Lange Jim J. Bullock Paul in Charles Nelson Riley Christopher Lowell Richard Simmons Truman Capote or Harvey Firestein. I think that's a In fact the list here had to put a brick on it because he's trying to float away Let's say make the business list of Screamers a little bit too gay in some of them way way way too much over the top so to speak Are you think that that was a all-day poll? I don't see how you could say that because people are still I don't want to it They're gonna add to it, but for all day I mean this guy before with Louis B Anderson is gay as he gave No, so I mean how many people are actually out of the closet? six Such as And I'm not talking about these people on queer as folk people and nobody knows who their names are that's just the cock guys What did he I can't know okay? Okay, I'll say you can WQAM hello line nine and you how you doing pretty good? I know you're on tight Mech one for last one. I have one for the couple too. Yeah Billy Christomen I can't stand that guy man the original New York danky Jew man. I can't do it Okay, and for the current Paul Matt dryjman. Oh my god. Oh excellent. Sorry. It's too gay. I know thanks Oh, but thank you. What a good choice to the the dryjmeister Wow, what a screamer. What an absolute self-hating Screaming screaming faggot 560560 He ain't no David Brock out of that at least David Brock found a pair before was too late Matt Hey Matt WQAM hello Good morning, Pally how are you? I have one for your lives. Okay Me Was that Lynn Samuels? No Are you sure? No who was that? I don't know Are you sure a crazy person? That's just my guess. Okay I could be wrong. I think that was Lynn 560 I know she was out 560560 pound 560 on the 18 Work. No actually she's on uh, she's getting serious second of him. Hershey's got that sure be they now. Do you know that? What's she? She's on that the satellite radio crap. I mean she's on a thing Where's her website? One moment please. No that definitely wasn't her because she's on Beginning Monday through Friday for 19 she's on one oh I see she's got the time to go yet one to three On serious time for Linda get serious Lynn Samuels. Sure. Do you know that? No, I did not know if you had serious You'd be able to listen is this the 143 left and then click it to the right and uh, I'll pick your finger with it And there she is. I think that was her it was either her Don Johnson WQAM hello Hey, Niela what's up? Can we kiss and hear and go all the way here? Say what is with these people what what is the story with them? Oh, they're gay The Jewish part is over. Do you understand you get it? Do you uh, can you relate to no more Jews okay? Our quota it's just like at the hotel we enough Jews here no more no more allowed Do you believe this yeah, you do of course to told you they want I need to like do a couple of bedtime There is leave a little space in here. Maybe that'll do it and in fact I don't know who I'm gonna vote for on this other one because this is I thought the first one was tough I've orders for the nanny friend, Russia I'm telling I don't know I say cumin Capote It's really Capote was the nastiest stereotype great author though But she should just stay off TV is it possible that you haven't seen Chris for a while No, I've seen Christopher low-y I think everybody should vote for Christopher low because you think that she's uh, he's a category in the himself and Truman Compote with the category on to hearth-l2-thwitty Where'd she sitman six Christopher low-old for Jim jay boulach two trump and commodities got appear harvey firestein two missed drugs. She's got two Probably hiding them under that hat Out of the first 18 votes just a smattering on there right off the bat Michael's brother speaking of strange people Michael Jackson's everywhere and this is they are post spin on this okay. This is their take A jury will determine his gover medicine send we pray Michael Jackson is not guilty. It says otherwise What mean that a sweet kid's been violated the most sickening way But Jackson is just committed a legal harry carry by far-ring lawyer as Mark Irrigos and Ben Bronfen Jackson fumes his decision to retain his new lawyer Tom Messero which his decision to loan That's almost as credible as OJ Simpson's innocent plea From what I hear counselor Messero is a very fine attorney said brep and who is still under a gag order Messero's especially celebrating the liberal and black community in California But Jackson so-called decision-making is as confused as Adam and Eve on mother's day This is by Steve Dumbly in the post a source posted his whole satin potentially shocking mess said Jackson bizarre Yes, but that shouldn't qualify him for being crazy because when he didn't firing those too hot Or as was legally psychologically and strategically crazy Now the truth the real person who called in messero is Michael's brother Randy Jackson Weston had much to do since the Jackson five. I don't even think I ever heard of him. Did you sure you did? Yeah, he was also gummo marks Emma Randy Johnson Anyway Randy Jackson is present kickers with the nation of Islam did I tell you that yesterday? Yes Now Steve hardly be says I'm not saying that they're paying him because the nation of Islam is at a practice of not even paying attention But what kind of brownie points will Randy give him this group is that a plan words brownie points? Who's leader Lewis Ferrican is a stone dead racist? The nation of Islam wants to make this a racist issue for Michael Jackson is payler than a bottle of milk Sadly some jurors define themselves by race, but Randy Jackson should know something the jury pool and Santa Barbara County Were Jackson will face justice is as white as OJ South Central jurors were black So Randy allegiance to the nation of Islam could just put bro Michael away for a long time and lonely place Wake up and get a real job Right Steve done leaving today's New York post Randy Jackson my ass 560 50560 pound 560 on the 18 that told they they wanted to turn into a racial thing They want to play the race card again. You know works are good for OJ Sure, they got a whole deck The only problem being that it's gonna be like Steve Dumbly. He says probably in all white jury We're gonna be given the black power salute at the end of the one the virtue comes in how is that trial coming How's the girl to come in any erra ojson William Strauss the OJson William is case the day OJs and William So that sentiment of support for her brother and sister and they might be murderers Is that gonna sleep in her cross-examination? Who is really the victim here? Miss me think of the json William case and you just saw on our jury clock that they're out for about an hour Jason Williams defense team and jeers been out for an hour. They're still low-brain, okay? They're palpitating and deliberate well, let's you know right away as soon as we get the virtue We're gonna fry his ass when that'd be great. I don't think it's gonna happen I think it's just one off by itself just like that dog, you know the dog was it killing around with a gun and poop by a bing I'll see him no more. W to Q a and hello Yes, I am But I just I'm serious how come barbastration didn't make the two Jewish folks? She was supposed to be on there probably a zack mistake. Okay, I had a you have any Jermestakesack well we're under a lot of stress because everything technically is all screwed up So he's got to email ease and it's just they're got lost in translations how to speak and I love you Neil But how come you're not on either pole yet But whatever you want if you want me on there. I'm on I'm on I You're not too. What do you think you should be on? Okay, I thought maybe so stuff out of it and are you putting women on the two gay fall sure? Well, what about Rosie O'Donnell you got it? I got her on there. Okay, thanks. Last but not least I got to say go flyers Wow, see a Little stuff there right at the end that was bad Anyway Rosie O'Donnell. Can we play that? The famous book of Brian Rosie song right I don't think so why not what is it Samar I'll tell you what one is play it and Okay, oh, not that one that's what I think This one buggy thing What the ladies For all the bitches you claim to love Tom Cruise Certainly you must be like we knew it Honestly, it's not that big a shot If you would really like me, we'd do it Oh my god For Paul's and yeah I That's the nothing wrong with that no, that's not what I was thinking of I know it's not it nice and I have a second nice and parents They're nothing about cottage cheese yeast or whatever That's right mashed potatoes or nice potato yeast. Oh, that's my favorite 560 pound 560 on the it is mashed potatoes or the yeast on and at least either one of them terms or words no, I think we'd that way then I think everybody'd like to hear a little of that mashed potato yeast WCWA and hello Yes They just kid they won't relent will they oh he WCWA and hello maybe he wants to drink Yes, I got two of them for you if you let how about one no I want to get one first and then you're gonna Ricky Williams Okay, that's your opinion. I see we're not outing people on the air, but he thinks Ricky Williams might be one of those Well put them on there Which of these people best and of course since he got his haircut. I don't think he's quite as you know flaming Is that the way I want to use? Is it since you got the haircut all in a liberachi? I mean what is for denied did we just got yesterday morning watch on a earlier You listen to that watch on the biography channel. I forced you to listen to that crap Liberachi excuse me can I change my vote please Cracker please Michael Jackson says somebody and also father O'Tool. I'm thinking put a father's tool. Oh, oh tool on there But Michael Jackson and Liberachi Okay rhymes with okay Hey, there's no way to preserve our health care system But one man has found a loophole a back door if you will if reducing the Richard Simmons HMO I know it felt like there's an omniscient but does not with Richard Simmons HMO you'll get medical care in a festive atmosphere And since Richard's always been a hands-on practitioner He knows how to turn a profit while you turn your head to call And again Other HMOs worry about mounting hospital cost But Richard Simmons is only worried about mounting patients and over the table There's only take a second And if you sign up now you'll get absolutely free Richard's new exercise video sweating to the prostate exam Richard Simmons HMO Now I'm gonna be the biggest HMO you've ever seen And evidently creator our pull he is that was a tiptoe and right along the edges you notice Yeah, it was a it was around the ring right Anyway, he's got 31 votes, Richard Simmons. He's got But third man's leaving the pack Which of these people? Best fits to the description of two gay Richard Simmons 31 Christopher Lowell 9 Jim table locate mad drug. She's got seven. How are we 136 Truman Capote 5 Charles Nelson Rally 3 Pauline 1 Bruce B. Lange 1 La Verrachi 1 None yet for Rosie or yours truly or Ricky Williams or Michael Sessen on the first 72 Now during the break I listened to a fan asked Rosie and enjoyed it very much And I thought yeah I thought it was gonna play until we got to that part about the tree Right and at that point we it's just whatever I can I can fix that up and maybe I'm all Right now we need to work on that fix some of these bits up and say just losing them Still good Resummit them and I rebuild them. No, I am where there's a well as a way I can like Back Unus Thanks, man. We bad soul repulsive and bad Your body cheese smells like a creme After it was occupied by head as their knee to shoot or two get into your car Lincoln squeal Hi, I did make a different drama. They did you that was beautiful. Wasn't that great? Right? But it was for the rest of it. It requires a little bit too much tailoring during these trying time in which we live Great what censorship has read its ugly head. I'm sorry. It's ugly If I can see that it's a rip tailoring Let's see. J says this is a good point although Miss Andrews just moved over to channel 4. She just flew it over to channel 40 You know that? No, I did not you didn't know that. Did not know that our old friend our old colleague little bright Andrews has just flown Over to a channel so a channel 4 We'll probably say cute things like hey boy. What's that in your mouth right? Says how about everyone a channel 7 if I have to be specific I say the weather for re and belt shkookies Nurei they have to time is cumald to the sets that we won't float away. Oh, as a matter of fact How about Brian Norr cross and Bill come on? We got it. I what about shkookies Nurei? She had a diek. I mean, I just rumored of course. Well, she's got short hair Well, that don't prove it. I know it does so does our Levine have short hair She had a diek. I don't know that I'm short hair She did once upon a time which was a baby Let's see tune a Tracy and Kendall says two nominations to the two-gay pool Richard Dawson and Freddie Mercury Richard Dawson News to me I don't a good act with those female contestants right and all of his ex wives no, I don't know. I don't think so Freddie Mercury two gay and two dead Okay, we'll get him on there. I know what do we do with these is Zach right in these down You adding these or even what man or we'd he care? We just go sometimes That's right. Oh, look at this it said you should put Louis Anderson back on the playlist Maybe we need to apologize to that guy to call me or I'll die you it says he was black me I'll pay off and went to authorities when more money was ant war Please add these syrupy phag Jim neighbors also a how can we leave Jim neighbors off Joe? I don't know if you can relate it. What the rest of that facts? No, I it's a good thing you stop me right there stop right there says you remember rock had no friends But neighbors up the right. That's cute. That's very cute. I Just going how he Wow, one of that's how we should pure that's almost that I doubt it Anyways, so there you go we can put Louis Anderson on there I didn't know anything about that so you you want to be because you really you ripped that poor guy to call in You're gonna ask bad I know this is the only problem with this poll that you wanted to carry it on all day long Thank goodness, I have just a little teeny tiny bit of judgment Because they're gonna be because they're gonna be speculating and like trying to out a whole bunch of people who aren't out Who are we don't even know like that Ricky Williams thing? I hear that all the time. What do we have like evidence about that? Who's we? I don't have anything. I think probably the guys that hang out in the showers with him like the mad dog would know and then probably our buddy Absolutely, he would promise sure no about it, but he ain't gonna talk he ain't speaking Richie Simmons 37 Harvey firestein 13 These people are just too gay for comfort Christopher Lowell she's got 13 Missed rudge's got 10 she's moving up nicely Jim table lock eight liberaci seven Truman Capote Five Charles Nelson Riley is four the arrogatory Paul in two Bruce B. Lange one Ricky Williams got one And probably most seen it Michael Jackson one and Rosie a Donald don't have any of which is amazing to me out of 105 votes WQAM hello Yes, sir Ethan Who is it? Oh, Alan John okay, do you know have to worry that thing called a phone or worse like a miracle Elton John's he's just too gay though big glasses. You know the granny glasses whatever had you call those Google glasses Google Google Google eyes yeah Maybe she's doing a Google search of the audience 560560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line too bad. We got somebody great gay bits in here, but we even gave out Indian the cover I think we can play huh they didn't play that one WQAM hello Little Richard she's a flamer Of course she's a little on the she's a little on the 2D fruity side if he acts me Rock and roll and drugs that drove into homosexuality according to his hell of a one what he said And speaking dark-complexed singers how about James Brown? Don't know about that. Oh, yeah James Brown you could meet Flamer he's all over the place Flamer no Tories Why spend a lot of time in the house Is that what he just say? Play the tape back you are I'm telling him you are really In the big house the slammer See don't say slammer that's even worse Anyway Tucker says how about a Oh sick-feet and Roy sick-feet and Roy By Lee Lee poor and actually what's his name is home Roy Sick-feet don't want to go back there, but I ran in an I'll take it in choir You guys Mike Walker and all the people that they inquire what's going on with you guys lately? That's Roy horn and Roy wait Roy horn Yeah, are you actually putting them on their feet? Why not? Well put him on his appear they succeed in road buildings on fire by walking past them. Okay, see if you're to where I put a put him on his appear Is a matching pair? That show of Bill Colon with a man the family pair was that show horrible horrible quick show you don't know no Book of Rinal know I've asked this a million times. I've got a mental block But the column was great. I love Bill have a contact with both of us a good guy. You know it who? He did not have a wooden leg. He had like pull your something as a kid. He walked with a battle in Bill Colon You know Bill Colon worse. I'm just pretty original prices right and watch my line and not that one Who's got a secret? I've got a you got something. I got a wooden leg Let's see Steve says my nominee for the person who's two gay is the today show contributor in style guru. Oh, yeah Steven how do you pronounce that name? Kojaka Roo Sput Kojaka Kojo. I asked about that creature. I saw one time I said what is that thing doing on my TV Talk about gruesome obnoxious stereotypes that might be the winner right there. He makes Truman Capote seem like percolies Like Samsung and the Lila That David Samson of course. We love the marlins and it amazing how well. Yo a little little success turns everybody around We did it there you go How about everybody's making a funny him last time and now all of a sudden. Hey, these guys are for real We want to build a mistake immediately. They want guys. You got it. Oh problem 20 seconds after noon. It's QM if you want to find out if you got something that you really don't want Lots of diseases waiting out there lurking in the weeds and maybe inside your body How he would diagnostic center is a great place for you to go. I was there a couple of weeks ago, and it's like a miracle It's so easy you only have to take your clothes off for most of these tests like the virtual Like the coronary heart scoring in the full body screening virtual colmasca You probably like have to take your pants down, but it's much less invasive than the traditional kind And some of you probably have got a lot of practice anyway It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well to treatment if they take to early That's what this is all about if you've got a family history of say heart disease of cancer any of these things Or if you're reaching that age when you just have to have these tests Here's a great way to do it a doctor's be furlous and even needed and in luck It's not invasive no pain no strain and takes just a few minutes out of your lifetime And if you do have something going on bad and your body can find out in time to do something Intelgin about it if not you walk out of there would a big smile on your pussy and great piece of mine too For all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostic center at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred And Hollywood diagnostic center. They are presented to the our imaging equipment with open MRI high speed cats can nuclear medicine and much much more Hollywood diagnostic center. It's a fabulous place to have been serving south photo for over 20 years Their facility also provides you a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you Call Hollywood diagnostic center. Don't put it off because the sooner you make their call You could find out could be a life saving phone call for that imaging exam column today at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred nine five four nine six thirty six hundred Richard  Home Big five looting. Watch me with your best shot and go to the front. Oh, no! Let's get some big, you stop for the ants. Don't many marks. And when you watch us, go off the receiver. Do deal with squeal plan 2. Go! The come on. Not you. What a healthy glow on those cheap and tights. Think into the oldies. Go! Go! I'm being a little boy choice, are you? Stop! Stop! How 32 years of facts that says, from a dark, complicated listener in North Miami, T.R. I personally know Ricky Williams if he has any issue that is with his with too many women. He has two kids. He's all a 25. They're guys very much not gay. How do you like that? Okay. Actually, I resent the fact that if you're introverted, articulate, intellectual and black people assume you are gay, I prefer to think of him as the anti-dion Sanders, micro-urban or felony or stereotypical, legal, and a lot of choice. Please fear up the issue Ricky has no problem with those who are gay, otherwise, they just haven't enough to be a member of that club. Well, that's good. I didn't think he was gay. I don't know. Do you think he's gay? Poo. Zach? No, he knows. He knows. That seems that with girls. I'm serious. This is the problem with this poll, which is why two hours is more than enough because people are going to start banding about names, just because somebody wants a rumor that, you know, Ricky Williams was this or Louis Oliver was that or stuff like that. Oh. Let's see, Collins president disappointed by Cheney. Westminster college's president city was so surprised and disappointed by Vice President Dick Cheney's attacks on John Kerry during a speech that he's inviting the Democrat to visit for a reply. Fletcher Lancon told his associated press to Cheney staff approached him last week about using Westminster as the backdrop for a major foreign policy address, nothing was said about making a stump speech. In a campus wide email after the speech Lancon said, I must admit that I was surprised and disappointed that Mr. Cheney chose to step off the high ground or resort to Kerry bashing for a large portion of his speech. Nicole Devon is a Cheney spokeswoman said it was unfortunate that the speech payments had surprised the Lancon because it was always intended as a campaign message event. It was a major foreign policy address and it's my understanding that the college was made aware of Senator Kerry's different views on foreign policy would be mentioned throughout she said. Standing in the campus gymnasium where Winston Churchill warned in 1946 of an iron curtain that setting across post-war Europe, Cheney sharply criticized Kerry's Senate votes on defense and intelligence legislation. Lancon who described himself as a split-ticket voter said he tends to be a bit on the conservative side because of his military background. He's a former administrator at West Point. I'm pretty independent Lancon said, I can't tell you I'm one or the other, I'm not. As a college president, I tell her, I mean someone who has all viewpoints represented on the campus fairly and equally. What a concept. Almost as fair and balances Fox News. Lancon said he was not expecting a speech-minus and he mentioned presidential politics to run election year but that the second half was all about politics and a political stump speech and in that respect it was disappointing and the email Lancon said that in the interest of balance in fairness and integrity, we will strongly encourage Senator Kerry to take advantage of this venue to make his views known as well. Kerry spokesman Bill Burton said the campaign has received Lancon's email, we'll consider a visit to Westminster which is located in the center of a presidential battleground state Missouri. Missouri, man. You ever been there? Really, especially in the heat of summer, it is Missouri. It would have been San Luis? No, kiddo. Don't. Don't. It is steamy, man. It is so humid. You could like, oh, other than that, why would one want to go there? You could pee your pants and nobody to even know the difference. That's how humid it is in San Luis. My nine WDQM, hello. Yes sir. For you. Okay. Only two gay, the winner of the subcategory of the Snaudius, so out, the lovely lead chewed ouryflature. Areaflature, okay? Doesn't paint his bald spot though, I hear? Areaflature. Painted flush color. Don't see him no more. Just two gay, that's our poll question. Which of these? Two gay. That's just gay. But two gay. Two gay, someone to bully. WRQM, hello? Hey Neil. Yes sir. How about Kevin Spacy? Two gay? Yes. And maybe? No let's see that's not even the question. I think that. Yelling Williams in his first problem. I think because we're mortal. You said he's a kid with a family who has to give a stretch of leaning crazily. every one got interested in you. But if that's what he say. wtedy ent't hit their eyes when they're a gay. Hello, hey me are you done pretty good. How about that clothing design of Fassachi? Gianni Versace. Yeah, he was pretty gay. Yeah, until until that moment. Okay, thanks. Gianni Versace. Now this ought to be interesting how he spells it. GIA and an I Gianni VERSA CE Versace. Versace, you got it. Very good, Zach. I mean, Zach ain't no Scott Junior there, but he's he's moving up in the world. How Scott Junior, don't you know, let's see him tomorrow? I think you want to wait or something. Did he really? I don't like. I don't like it. I don't. No, no, no, no. Well, see Scott Junior. No, no, no, no. I don't. Something like what a perfect place for him, because there's a lot of strange people like in Boise and up in the hills and the mountain. Yeah, a lot of good ones. I got kicked out of my tent. They ship over to Idaho. I'd go there to heartbeat. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Like I said, it's a great place. Count five 60. I'll tell you you ought to go to Omaha man. You love it. I want to. I'm telling you, people say, oh, that's the middle of the Bible, but are you crazy? Now I haven't been here in like, let's see, what was the last year I did the hurricane game, so 83 some of that. In about 20 years, but it probably hasn't changed all that much. Great food, nice friendly people. All in corn, fed, you know, like real, uh, real built when it went and went and mimin. Man, I'm just suggesting on your right to the areas you start making your tour your virtual tour of the US. W to QA and hello. Yes, yes sir. Neil, please speaking. This is Neil. This is yes. I just want I can't believe you are so rude to the guy that mentioned Louis Anderson. Yeah. That guy it was on each rule Hollywood story and everything. Well, like I already apologize once I'm not going to do it again. Okay. I mean, yeah. So I go. Do you have somebody else who just wanted to my ass out for being rude? That. No, no, no, George Michael too. George Michael looking at us a good one. See, well, he redeem himself. I apologize. I kept the guy short. I said, where do you come up with that? And then of course you chimbed right in. And then we're going to do something. If you had been doing your research, which of course is a big party or job is producing the world famous Neil Rogers show you to said, oh, I saw it on E. T or whatever it hell was. I am doing extensive research on where the good pictures of celebrities are and I still don't see no Johnny dead pictures. That hasn't come up with those yet. Oh, he hasn't come on Zach. 560560 pound 560 on a ATT go out and see freaky Carlos. All he's got his new pictures of Tanny Fay and Susan Lucci. Wow. In fact, how come he is not this pool? Well, he's not a celebrity. Oh, yeah, he ought to be. We'd like to make him famous. Hard to remember. Our morning shortly is the yesterday. That's right. Freaky Carlos put him on there. Okay. He might just zoom to the top of the list till fly by them like they're sitting still. WQA and hello. How about a car that's weird. Now we're not doing the queer eye people. Okay. See, they don't know the name of the actor, the actor, they don't know who the people are. Did he what he said, Carson? I don't know. Carson daily. Oh, what negative is what somebody facts to list. I thought I forward it. I'll listen one the the queer eye guys. And what did I just get you saying little while? We're not going to put those people on nobody knows who they are. Carson, Crescent one. Presley Elvis Presley is gay. Presley with a K. Crescent. Crescent. The K. Rines with. Crescent's running. I want to crescent's running. I'm making Susan's for Michael Jackson. He's getting a near you. It's the constant festival. You've been dying to see. Lala for Lumsha. All of your favorite cutting edge alternative terrorists on one stage for one explosive performance. Lala for Lumsha. See, let's get us out of our list as Mokata Al-Saner. He's deputy Mustafa Al-Yatubi. And 963 other names will carry them, but not. If you want to see a concert tour that's complete. Followed she asks you for one of us. Lala for Lumsha. And coming later this summer. It's Gaza for starring Kosova Osborn. Hi, I'm Adam Barron. Good to see you. I am Ledman. So what about all those guys from the square for the O. What guy? Yeah, we'll just put them all on there. Yeah. Here's a great one. And the artwork on this fact is magnific. This is a beautiful thing. If you connect the dots I guess. Yeah. And she's saying keep looking up. It's Miss Jack Horkheimer from the outer space transit planetary. Got that does it. Has anyone mentioned ripped torn? That's a good one. Thank you Jack. ripped torn. Remember ripped torn? Sure. Gone show. Big silly mustache. That's ripped Taylor. ripped Taylor. Who's ripped? Oh, ripped torn was an actor. ripped Taylor too. ripped torn ripped Taylor. I don't know about ripped torn. I think they might mean ripped Taylor. No. You know ripped torn? Yes. Okay. He's dead anyway. He is not. He was another queen. I mean if you want to go back to our all-os gay movie stars. And how about us a little more timely? Clay Aiken. Okay. No? Sure. He seems a little. A little. Who's that other one from American Idol? What is your frizzy here? What was his name? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, how can you forget? You said that awful movie? Is it Justin? Another Justin? Yeah. Not Justin. And how about Justin? Take her by a while. Oh, right. And just in, uh, G. I'm being just on these baseball players. Justin. What are you mean? What are we need? Very good. Really? Don't say right. Don't say last syllable too loud or just in Guar, we need. Justin Guar, we need that's exactly correct. Okay. Wow. And it was another one. I had a look at it. What about what about since we're doing these great singers. What about Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys. All right. He loves Jessica. You know. Does she does it really? I see five six seven. Oh, I see he's a strange German is a family. Come in to QM hello. Hey, yeah, sir. Yeah, I hope you're being don't get hurt too bad. But not the big thing in Miami. It's not you. It's welcome McDonald. I can't see nobody sent him yet. Malcolm McDowell. Walter Mercado. Who else? That's Spanish fortune seller. He's on Spanish TV. I got like the robes and the rings. Walter Mercado was used for a sheep. Right. Okay. I met Ricky Williams in person. Yes. And I can see how you know, he might be straight. I don't know. But I can see how people would say whatever. But yeah, the guy's up. He has the switch when he walked. I see. Well, listen, just out of his pants. Hey, him and Mayor Penales. All right. So we got who is it? Walter Mercado. I've heard that name. I know of course. I don't know for them. But I'm in flipping. You'll see the ads for him. Yeah. I hear shoulder. I like to put in this finger right here. I know who you're talking about. Another one of them. Like the copper bracelet kind of magnetic bracelets. All that cracker we did. That's so big on those speeding lace TV. He's the this clue. Oh, Mr. Mercado. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the ATT. Let's take a look at how we're doing here. Where'd you Simmons? Which of these people best fit to the description of two gay? I mean, it's one thing to be gay, but it's another two gay. Where'd you Simmons 62? Let me turn it to the street again for the 400 time about how he put his hands around my neck and nearly broke my larynx that time at WI and Z. Then he just really frosted my ass. That at that point at his side. He was a real jackhole. Was that a c'mon? No, no, it was not. No, he's just trying to be funny. Is he just a clown? He thinks he's very funny. And another thing of this whole phony act is this business about it. All he's there to do is just make money. All hey, every year a couple years. It's not a dummy. Believe me. There are people that don't understand that. Oh, no, he's so sincere. And he has those fat crying women. He really cares about them. Right. Sure. He does. Anyway, Richie Simmons 64, Christopher Lowell 22, Liberace, she's moved on up 17. She's probably that got that big candle over the sky. Math, Rudge 15. She's doing pretty strong. Jims a bullet 15 and Harvey Fierstein 15. What a attractive that is. Truman Capote 10. Charles Nelson Riley nine, Rosie O'Donnell eight, Paul in seven. The Elijah seven. Time with Paul in. Going on the live. I think. SIG-free and the broy. Five. Michael Jackson four. Ricky Williams only three. We've already we've dismissed that. We'll leave my Nepal just for those people. Want to probably, uh, jet fans. Take a little poke. Or shouldn't have said that. Little Richard to Allen's suit. Where did he come from? Who? Allen's suit? I have no idea what's going on. Of course, being in the dark. Who's Allen's suit? He's got two votes. I don't know. Did Zach put that on there? I don't know. Zach. He's got to get to the microphone. Zach. Sorry. Yeah, we're a fiction in the computer. Who is Allen's suit? What's that? Freddie Mercury one. Gilcom All one. Bruce V. Lance one. Brian Rokras one. Harry flies your one George Michael one. None yet for Jim neighbors. Collie G's. Merve Griffin none. Adam put Merve Griffin on a reaver. Rex Reed. Well, these other was must be coming from Eric. I'll take your word for it. Louis Anderson none. Gianni Versauch. You don't have any old John Nunjames Brown on a Frank Fiki Carlos none. And who'd be the wopiers? Some of the singer we're going to put on there. Who was it? I have a couple more to put back on there. Little Richard. Lincoln Clay, Lincoln Little Richard. Rip torn. Rip torn, right? Rip Taylor. Carter. And uh, Garrett Nick Carter, right? And Justin Gorgola. And Justin Grow when at Growini. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. I thought that this was going to be real. Paintingy. Well, 14 year old arrested for Redneck Club initiation. Wait to hear this story from Lake County Florida, no less. This is disgusting. A 14 year old is facing felony charges. That investigators say a club initiated on two young brothers went too far. The attack happened in a real part of Lake County near Klarmont. Detective say the unthinkable happened in the woods on a dirty moldy mattress on top of a flatbed truck. If you want to be part of the Redneck Club, this is an act that had to be committed to explains Lieutenant Todd Alus, Lake County Sheriff's office. To 14 year old Andrew Jones, Detective say it was initiation in the so-called gang. First he and 11 year old friend are accused of locking a 12 year old boy in a trailer. They then took his seven year old brother inside Jones trailer and forced him to touch a hot stove, then a live electrical cord. The brothers were then brought to a truck behind the home and forced to perform several sex acts on one another. Each time while a switchblade was held to their throat. Shelling her face with her door, Jones mother admitted she was home at the time but had no idea what was going on. A neighbor and friend couldn't believe it. It doesn't sound like what he would do. That just doesn't sound right to me comments. Doug Walker. Jones is now facing one kind of false imprisonment to council. Lutherless abuse battery to council aggravated assault. What kind of battery to council sexual battery? The second boy who's a suspect has not been charged. That part of the case is now the state for his office. Detective say if there are any other victims, they should call the Lake County Sheriff's office immediately. There's a recurring theme again. Yeah, fraternity man is to decide. That's right. Take off your clothes let us do the amount of other body parts put on. I think that you're looking for his factory. Yeah. I see. WDQAM hello. I got a play one for you, Neil. Yes sir. Rupal. Rupal is fabulous. Rupal was actually in our building not that long ago. How was that couple of years ago? I don't know. And they were prudent that thing around. It was on power 96th I do believe. They prudent it around. That's to get that thing out of my face. Holy moly. Rupal. 560-70560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WDQAM hello. Speaking. What about boy George? Boy George is excellent. Thank you so much Tatan. Cheers. Boy George. How we leave her her off there so long? No, because he's been out of sight not a mind. And he's been out of sight. Isn't boy George in Sydney Lopper? Do we decide it's the same person? No. Oh. I saw them together. Our internet connection with the website is back. Yeah. Well that's great. That's good news. We still got nowhere to go. So it's great news. I mean that Zectas left to go through all of this gymnastics to try to pass stuff along on here and get it on the site. Lust gymnastics. So we only have to put like two 3000 names on there just to make up for this now in the last hour. Well that's a relief. When I was the problem do we know or we just most acoustic rather we got about it. Like you said that it'll correct itself eventually and so it did. Well that's good. Just like magic. That's right. Like magic one or two points seven. Here's my prediction for Thursday morning and at the book. No, I think I think we're gonna do okay. I don't know how much you're about if it will get from uh we'll be fine. Yeah. We're not gonna get that big jar again. It goes like stirring up because you got 80 billion dollars with the publicity. Of course everybody's coming. Oh, he's the martyr. He's the one they're picking on. It's said I'm so on. Even all these other people get in can but nevertheless. But we'll see how we'll do okay. I think. But in a meantime big one oh six and maybe some of the other cheap channel stations are gonna take a big dump. You'll see The big one oh six thing because remember how I commented when the last trend came out in just in one week out of 12 they had taken this unbeatable leaveable drop and of course at that time before we knew the San Diego thing for the full book. Right. Well if they can drop from an 8.9 to a 0.7 in one month How would you like to be one of their salespeople? Oh my goodness. Wow. Oh my god. So our sales department is marginal as they are there to be kissing the ground and kissing our asses collectively. There were still bringing them some pretty damn decent numbers on a station. It's so well we got those great billboards. You know once it's said listen yeah here we is listen what does that mean listen pretty weak. Well we'll take it We'll take anything we can get from this cheap ass outfit. By the way honey pay days on the 10th of the 25th decent. What's your name? Who? Our accountant lady. Which one we got a staff in there there's a room? I don't know which one I don't know where to care which one I want to keep screwing up my paycheck. That one and the other bitch that will cut loose with the 50 bucks for my toothbrush. Carlos. Yeah that's that cheap bitch. We e the ball it's the 102 hour But tell me, must tell you, we swear we might get If you were, these outfits, they clans, they put you your eyes We got a list, we swear we might get We look like a pinch of your diamond We sing like a bunch of funny writers, a fruit snake Our agent says we gotta say, we swear we might get Our biggest fans, our 12 year old girls Who think we're as cute as when we hear But as they get older, they all think it out We're hiding our late-tensee One thing is for sure we get We make you leave you, leave you My heart goes on the delicate cycle I'm looking for a session with you, my girl But today we think that we have better say We swear we might get We believe it, it's a bit of an afternoon at 5, 60, Why does anybody care anyway? But anyway, get back to our topic Johnny Mathis says Carolyn, one of our regular facts Now, can you make up what the rest of this is, David Hyde Pierce And what does that say, Alfred? Alfred? Oh, from Fraser. I couldn't read that. Plus I didn't watch Fraser anyway. David Hyde Pierce is he hiding it? I'm not too well. I see. Scemer? Flamer? Just madigrant. Good on day? Luke, Luke, warm as opposed to flaming. How about Luke Perry? No, not Luke Perry. Who was the other one to play? No, what was his name on Tony Geary? Put him on there immediately. Okay, Tony Geary? You play Luke on general hospital. Oh, they got him. Tony Geary, I read more about him and it tabloids. He's, I mean, they're close to choice. That's a silly woman I watched. It's like the woman who lover to Simmons here. He's not gay. He's just playing boy. No, they're really. He has to do so. Yes, they do. That's what they think. Now, John and Columbia South Carolina who just can't control himself and keeps the fact seeing and fact seeing. What's up with Don Eimus? I go behind to be a critner. I see the eye man. Eeeey. It's again a scale of 45 John. I give it about a 2.5. So there you go. Now, the difference, one, glaring difference, at least he's still alive. E-mon. Right. And don't forget, look under E-mon, right beneath her. On the, you see the bull boon in the box in large for obvious reasons. And look at what's happening on that puller. I'm catching this fudge. You better watch it, Matt. Better watch it. I'm moving up right on your ass. He's got 15. I got 13. Gonna pass her like she's standing still. Richie Simmons 69. Christopher Lowell 32. Liberty 2. Liberace 23. Jim J. Bullock 19. Harry Fires 19. Miss Fudge has got 15. I got 13. Charles Nelson, Riley 11. Truman Capote and Rosio Donald 10 of piece. I Paul Lendon E. I passed Paul Lendon. Look, he was laying right down in that casket. Eeeey is. Well, maybe squirted. 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. All the others are just imitators on Hollywood Square as the center squares. I'll tell you that right now. WDQA and hello. Yes sir. I got the winner. Okay. Charles from Hollywood. Daryl from Hollywood. No. No. Daryl the Hall. Let me look that up. Daryl Holland. Oh man, this book is heavy. You know what? I could play the Hall of Spid, but we just went through the other day. Why? What are you looking at? I'm looking up on Daryl Hall and John Oates. So it's Daryl Hall. And it said, Oates rhymes with floats. And it's got the arrow pointing back to Daryl. I don't know anything about them. But you can put Daryl Hall on there if you want. You can put Daryl Han on if you want. She floats in the event hub. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Which of these people best fits the description? Two gay. That's our question. WQA and hello. How about Raw Cups? No, I think two dead. Well, when we do that poll two dead. See, he's the opposite of what we're talking about. Right. He was real, but you don't get to pull at all man. That's what I meant. Did this guy anybody who's gay? Therefore is two gay. You know, there was a little bit, even a little bit gay is two gay. So you walked in on him and gomer. You still wouldn't believe it. Err, a shucks. Oh, what a thought. How about? Well, I'll see you need to one of these was a flamer. Like I'm thinking about Anthony Perkins. I'm going to write back up what I just said in tab hunter. They were doing now. They're thing, but they need to one of them was like, flame boy. You know what? Nothing. What's so funny about that? I just like the way you phrasing things these days. I mean, we almost had just slipped out. Very carefully. It just kind of like slipped out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the eight. Well, that's right. That's very careful. It was right. Govern yourself accordingly and be very, very cautious. And error on the side of extreme caution. The way things are going these days. WQA, hello. What about sir, Elton John? Miss Elton John is supposed to be on there. Maybe he was an oversight by Miss Crans. Let's see. We got Elton John on there. I sure as hell hope. I don't see her. I see Jim neighbors. I see Freaky Carl's. I don't see no Elton John. Do you? No. Oh, there he is. He's got a vote. One vote. He's right under George Michael. And getting pretty sore about it, too. WQA, hello. QAM. Yes sir. I can't believe nobody said that. How many are in a barrel? Yes. Elton, degenerate. Elton, degenerate. Yeah. I think somebody did, but we just, we've paid for God. You got Elton, degenerate on there, Zach? Yep. Because he is already on there. No, yeah. She will be. She'll pop up any second. There she goes. Oh, she's, I don't know. I mean, you put her in the same category with Rosie O'Donnell? Yeah. You would? Yeah. Real dicky dicky dikes? Oh, not, not even close to his ducky. It's Rosie. Rose because of the fat. She's just that fat bull dicky. I got one for you. Yeah. Janet Reno. Well, well, no. Why? Well, now why? Well, now how could we have gotten this far without the mentioning her? I don't know. Well, she's probably taking the tour and I'd be red to pick up. She's got, right. Or maybe she's at Sister Jeanshouse. Could be. Maybe the two of them are bonding again. I wonder, I'd like to be a fly in the wall when she's in her with Sister Jeans. We haven't played that in a long time. Sister Jeans. I think it's green. It's green. It's green. It's green. That's green. It's green. By the plain, we have a scene. Sister Jeans. The dad's in the scene. A sweet and lonely, happy. Oh, just the giant and true with the sister Jeans. The dad's in the scene. Sister Jeans. Sister Jeans. Is that a good scene? That a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. He's a Catholic doctor. Well, that was great. Great minds work alike. We both had a dump. Because he said the G.D. thing in there. Can't do that, no, no, no, no, no. Which I think is ridiculous. I think a lot of these things need to be revisited. Soon. You know what I'm saying? Oh, speak of that. Yes. I think that's the same wrong. The correct name is Joyce. Joyce for our attorney. Oh, Joyce is the bitch. Apparently. No, that's not who I was talking about. What did she got to do with my paycheck? No, not the paycheck. We're talking about the issue that needs to be revisited about some of those. What were we calling her? What was the name we were given? Joyce. Oh, Joe, but that's muffs call. Okay. That's Ms. Muff. She got the name right. Wrong. Joyce. See, a thing of beauty is a Joyce forever. Not. She's the one that's, oh, you can't say this and you can't say that. Yeah, oh, you definitely. That's a no, don't, you know, even by the asking. Whalen and madam says John and Columbia South Carolina just can't like I said control himself. He's just a facts and fool is what he is. Whalen flowers. Whalen flowers and the madam you can leave off with her. Okay. Oh, and I've been. Oh, we know it. What was gay? Another one. Nobody knows about. Yeah. I mean, burst your bubble all the year now old enough. Remember, Cooclif Fran and all you've heard of it. I've heard you mentioned. Oh, other bird tellstrom's of ventriloquist. He's the one that hand this hand up the never heard of it. Puppet. Bird tellstrom. Why not don't even put it on her. Nobody's going to know who that was. I just mentioned that in passing. He was a little bit too gay. That's why I kept hiding under the counter. WQAM hello. Hello. Benito. Buel of the witch and Cooclia sir. Yeah, I like to get to meal. And all the dragons speaking, you got him. All right. Meal. Yes. Yeah. I think I've said an entity though. He's poll today. Yes sir. Salmino. Salmino. There you go. He was one. Hey, Neil. We'll see you in the more yes. Yeah. Listen. I first time my caller from the office. Think you're right. But he keeps doing. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. See you. See you. See you. Yocours. Five six seven. Five six. See it. Those donkey races at Yocours. So Troy's draft came in a distant third in the celebrity race at Palman O'Part. Kim Bo came right ago out of town. So he got some four. He got a substitute. That plenty comes back. Ask him if he likes a what he likes better. He's substitute or they prostitute. When he comes back to town. You already know the answer. He's icy. Richie Simmons is kicking ass man. She's got 78 votes just two gay. Richie's got 78 Christopher Lowell 40. Liberatia 25. When you think Liberatia would have a lot more. Yet then we put around a little bit late for my goodness. Although I think probably there are a lot of people that they don't know. Liberatia from Uranus. Harvey Firestein 22. Jim J. Bullock 19. Mr. Drogenire tied 16 of peace. How do you like that? Only he's the one with the hat. A Truman Capote 12. Charles Nelson Riley 11. Rosie O'Donnell 11. Paul Lens got 10. What was he uncle what on the witched? Ah. Charlie. Little Richard six, six, six, six, six, six, Michael Jackson five. Rick you waiting to score even away. Did we debunk that every flyger through. Where did Alan's suit come from? What is that? Book of Brian to. Well, how did Book of Brian get it on there? Book of Brian can communicate with Eric. But uh, I think we could. I see. So Book of Brian has been sticking some on there. And at the meantime, we can't. Well, that's pretty interesting. What time does this show start? Ha ha ha ha. Twelve minutes after one at five, 60. But the good news is everything is working now. Oh, good. Everything all straightened out. Life is great. It's sweet. And Thursday 11. 31. Those numbers start coming over. It's not important that we've seen. But that clear channel fails. Right? And that our model. Right. We'd like to do pretty good. But we want to see them do real real bad. As the assassin, pitty bulger finally gets his just desserts. Okay. Oh, it's going to be a, especially big one of six. Might be, I, I, I bet you they don't do a one share. I think they can duplicate Sandy over. In a morning, they can do less than a one share. What to be it? Sweet. One five. Now, 0.9. I already checked it with Robert Creeper. He said it's going to be a point. Yeah, that's what he told me. And believe me, he knows this crap. When you shop for quality food work, great selection and professional service. There's a great student pump and a beach that smart shoppers know all about. If you don't know about a, you're really take your feet over there in the rest of your tube because it's brand these shoes in Pompano. You'll find the biggest selection of great brand. They men's women shoes on be the prices and the best service going to. They know your feet inside and out even by the aroma. At Brandy's the top names in the shoe business. They got them all rock ports floor shine. S.A.S. Spirory, Timberland Naturalizer and lots lots more. And with the humongous selection, you can bet tax life on it. You're never going to hear sorry. Don't have that in your size. They got it. It's sitting right on the shelf right is slap on your big fat feed. Find out why most of Brandy's customers not only keep coming back year after year, but usually by several pair on each visit because they're going to save so much cash. Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Sunday. It's been the five you'll find in the same great location that they've been doing right for a long, long time. 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Always worth the trip. No matter where you are to Brandy's in Pompano. And right now it's the final week of Brandy's S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S. by the first pair of the regular price. Get the second pair and half price. Let me say it again by the first pair of the regular price. Give the second pair of S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. Series East Station Ration is an attraction. I always stand the range for most of my life I don't change my looks, I'm gonna make it the best Gonna be your wife I've had to know the baby, oh I've filled up my nose, the snooze is blowing my mind I've got the kids, my sheets, been alive in me Can deny I'm a guy defending for the vertebrae I've got a thing for cops and plastic surgery lives Come on, man, treat me short Follow away flies from my dear head goes If I'm to lose I know where I'll go And the next thing you know, I'm looking at the man in the prison He's asking me to bend his way And now a message to the pin and the clearance If you wanna make it wrong, I've had to place my drop to so bend in his way When I cheated five sixty wqm, how about former outcast member Max Wright's J? J who seems to be obsessed with this topic, I can't imagine why The former actor played outspather Willie, chose to make his flaming grand exit out of the closet By showing up in a disturbed video obtained by the National Enquirer The video displays Max enjoy numerous homeless black prostitute males Is if they were a giant bowl of ice cream Well not performing Max and friends would take various breathers to smoke crack cocaine Oh there you go, do you know who that is? Max Wright? I mean I've seen Alff so I know who it is but not by name Well now you know, somebody said hey do you know what's his name Max? What? Right? Alton it says was flaming Alton? Nothing Five six seven, this article about Kevin Spacey, this may be one of the most boring things that ever had It's pretty weak Yeah, I had a high hopes for it that his brother was actually going to say something about something But he said was he wasn't really walking his dog at the corner morning And he lies a lot in his strange and I'm going to make some money because I'm jealous That's basically what it's all about Five six seven, oh five sixty we got the mad dog at two the Hebrew hammer at four These are the two Jewish for some of this audience We got the crow at seven more and crowed Marty man As the crow flies you got Marlins on Decadate 30 And the red hot Marlins who are just smoking it There'll be a Colorado at Denver to play a Colorado by the Rockies again 905 and then after that It's you'll be asleep well obviously the delay keen and slate we all should be smoking by then right on a week night you bet WQA and hello Yeah, I got a pig report. Yes sir Yeah pig report your Robbie stadium the taking pictures Okay, all right At the stadium At the stadium. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. You're taking your picture of it at the stadium. Okay. When it's out slow right down put it to a crawl Just pretend you're in a school zone all the way around I wonder if it's Sanchez is over there driving around. I'm just got to get some of that nervous energy out after his tough show this morning Of course every day with him is a tough show Rookie Tickie Sanchez is what our poor yesterday hands down your pants the worst TV show of all time And it's still on the air on channel six. That's the disgrace They bump off our they blow off the Bob we were off the air. We were the weather man one of the most beloved figures in history of South Florida TV Unserimoniously without even modem say goodbye and they put on a piece of turd like rich Sanchez and give me boge show all man I wonder cashed you know what's still looking his cheeks you think I'll go check yeah What a funny you are Paul. You just so and that'll be another interesting thing to see too moment Would stern off of there in a morning who's gonna benefit because cash to Nova keep in mind old Paul and younger Ron are on their on theta, which is a cheap channel station So if the audience is really a student out there. They want to make a statement Even if they're sneaking listen here in air They sure is how I'm gonna tell anybody about it. So catch my drift. I caught it just say clear channel, okay? They're part of this whole entourage of censoring a fool's man who want to take away your choices Well, they've already done that to a great degree all over the country with over 1200 channels of crap. Oh You want listen to us in the morning you want listen to us in march. I still you want to do as an Burlington Vermont Well, we got the same half of us in crap right wing programs on in every market That was the beginning of the end. They are the sugar in the wood pile through channel WQA and hello. Hi, how are you pretty good sir? Good. I love your show and That's all I got. Okay, thanks. He loves my show Well, that's better than that goofball in Pemper Pines yesterday BB brain or JJ whatever hell was Maybe it was BJ that we're just who invested put the real initials couldn't read on the or anyway Well, they all at warm here today. You know right now. It's like 41 degrees in exactly what I would call toasty what's going on Winter better start winter better start exporting some of that hot air WQA and hello. Uncle Leo. Yes sir. How about add one to your poll. This Rex Reed. I think she's on there. I do believe. I didn't hear you know what's he's down here at the bottom, but if not, Oh, I'm heard is if I could say that. I'm sorry. Good alternative would be rip tailor. Rip tailor is also supposed to be on earth not those aquapologist's and we'll straighten out immediately So to speak. Thank you. We got those on here with Taylor and Rex Reed. I know Rex Reed's on her because I read it. Jim neighbors has no votes. Jim neighbors. Well, they probably heard him sing. Wouldn't that deep that old man river? You heard him sing. Or is that what's going on? How can anybody sing in that kind of voice that Oh, gee. God. English. You know, talk like some kind of a fruit cake. Rex Reed won. Who's the other one he just said? Now what is this the queer eye guys? And it was you just lumped them all together and put them on there. I could have put all five of their names on there. The queer eye guys won. And that's good enough. Just as as as as a bunch. Could have put Fab five. Fab five. Fab. Fab. Over to that. Miss Fudge is moving to the entire. Where we got a battle neck and neck nose denows. Me and Miss Fudge. WCWM. Hello. Hey, what about Ben's not me? Who is it? That's not really for the around and facial. Oh, nobody knows what that crap is. Fudge is waltly. Oh, you know who could be on there though? Who that? And how could we have forgotten about all of nobody knows this person any way there? Another break already? Oh, yeah. Exactly. Jew Michaels. Daily know him. Has that. And they know. Oh. That sounds. Oh. That's who Michael. Oh. Yeah. Right. Okay. Oh. Okay. Oh. And then. Oh. I can't play that one. Holy. I can play this. I thought Joey sucked. Well, that's probably why I wanted to come work there. Drew Michaels, man. He made freaking Carlos look like like Johnny Weissmuller. Yeah. He had a handshake like Bob Neil. Oh, really like a like a wet noodle dead fish. Little Bob Noodle. Noodle at the cost of our kids. That's what we should have called a Bob Noodle. We should have hooded his ass off the stage. Our last day when he came down and made that. When he said, we should have hooded him right off the stage. Wow. We've tried everything we know to make this station go and we just haven't been able to make a made maybe the packs and people have more success. Basically, it gets the whole staff over there to announce right across from the radio station that they've sold the station because we're much a losers and they could make any money off us. And at the time we got Rick and Sus Neil Rogers Phil Henry Randy Rose, we had an all star or maybe the best line up in America of any talk source station and they could make any money from it. And one of the reasons they could make any money, we said the fact there's sales department's stunk and we decided the fact that their management was too busy. I would have finger in their nose and maybe with a booze in the glass before our Rob Green. And anyway, the reason that they could make any money is because they didn't know they were asked from our elbow and they were too busy wasting their time. Guess what? With the hurt coins and the dolphins. Yeah, that no matter what, it kind of like follows us around, you know what? Air v single station, even though it was in the sports station, they wasted about 80% of their time out about 5% of their programming. That was a big problem with cost broadcasting. Who now of course they've gotten out of the real radio business and they're just a jubbox. Just crank the hits out when on the coast and party radio, it's your brother. Let me just say this to you Mike Disney, okay, and you're probably listening right now because who that would listen to the crap that you guys are putting on. Party. Yeah, that's another one's going to take a big dive. You'll see on Thursday morning. When those numbers come out. How come I can't find that thing? Oh, here it is. Like I said, they suck. That's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney. Playing the same 10 Euro records that they've been playing for the last two years. They got, you know, the rude and more de-ruud and Jeffrey duo and more of our stuffy doing more de-ruud. And that's it. Play the same 10 records over and over again. They just don't get it. 27 after one at 560 W to Q m on a great Tuesday man. You can feel it. You can smell it, man. You can smell the blood from Thursday morning, can't you? Yeah. That's that's cheap channel blood. You can smell it. Or maybe it's the lobster fish. Just smell it. It's a lot better than that blood. lobster fish is back at the Emile Coast. If you never been there, man, this is a feast. If you're a king, a queen, a prince, a princess or all of you. The service is great and you'll never leave empty in that place. Man, they got just tons of great fresh goodies. And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out, their kids six and under eat for free at the Emile Coast. What's not to like? And additional Emile Coast, the Lopper's you all their sensational mouthwatering dishes. You can start off your delectable eating experience with six different soups, try some of them and try all of them. And then doesn't the delicious fresh on-phrase like New York Street made order at their sizzling Asian grilled brand-new hoon on fish. Enjoy, mean lobster thermator style, Jonah Crab, oysters on a half-shear, and if you have room after all of these things, try the handcar prime rib and their new Thai specialties too. And the Emile Coast will never leave you with a headache because they don't use any MSG, no cornstarch. They cook with only the best ingredients known to man, including all cholesterol free oils too. The Lofa features a full salad bar, full Chinese food line up their brand new sushi bar, and of course fresh. See you cocktail. And because you deserve it, Emile Coast features a full dessert station if you're like a real pork or a real pig. If you got room after all of that, shovel in some of that fantastic dessert, Bells and Waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too. Like I said, it's a feast that just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it. You can just do it Just do it. Looks like it. Looks like it. You can just do it. You you. You can just do it. You can just do it. Perfectly do it.Kimlimjo or anything else. That's for takeaway. They rather have crazy shoes. So yeah. I can test them in. Still could reason for these, though. I've only done a twice though Since the year 1992, but there was Andrew Witsley too I couldn't know myself, he looks so good After all, I've removed with me Come kid men, and Tom Cruise Bowl I've got me with sexually misbehaved Oh, but I could've been both say George Michael's gone mad We were there to make it with that guy I don't deserve course he shaved Yeah, I want to have sex I got to have sex Oh, baby, I got to have sex I got to have sex I got to have sex No, 133, 27 or 2 till mad dog time We got to Alice Rand tell somebody's in jazz How come trucks are along the way? That's lame, we're on there I'll say How could you possibly forget Christopher Wachen Huh? News to me I think they're talking about Christopher Law Christopher Wachen is gay I never would've thought so No, we're not putting people on there You just pull and stuff out of your hat Okay, that's getting up as you go along I did the way we did put Louis Anderson on there And you don't have any votes The one guy was so in fact I had the two guys The one that called which I think he probably hits me like Poison now Because we dare question his erasity And then the other guy that like bitch me out But the question still is Two gay, not who do you think is Yeah, I mean Louis Anderson, you know that's a good point We'll see with somebody's people Anybody that they know and again Because they just aren't that many in the first place out of the closet I tried telling you that No, we did do all day on that Okay, okay, all day Right, that's a new format, all gay, all day 5605, 6th, damn, Louis Anderson doesn't seem to me Just like a little puggie fat guy who's not funny in these horrible game shows other net who cares And he doesn't have any votes, probably that's why WCWM line 9, hello Hello Line 9, ain't responding that is disgrace That's always such an important call WCWM, hello Yeah, I have a terrible Yes I think Miss Rai Isaac Miss Rachi, who the hell is that? Oh, I feel like a violin, Mr. Something who's that You right? He is? Yeah Isaac Miss Rachi Or the designer Or some, he's back on the first poll, Jewish guys Yeah, come into QA and hello Yeah, I think you got a bit of a, you'd like to probably We'll have to speak to him Hello Speak to us, yes Yeah, my me beach Here's my me beach, hello Oh, the sail Yes sir How's it going, Neil? Pretty damn good Nobody's mentioned Harvey Firestein, I can't believe it How come in a way to minute? He's got 22 votes So if they didn't mention it he must be I could have been a minute to go to jail He's looked right in when he weren't watching So be careful Okay, Neil See, Harvey Firestein's in fourth place He's holding down all the vote Miss Drogenyer, like moving right up on those leaders Well, not on merchant Simmons, she's an illegal wrong You don't believe me that the women who follow Rachie Simmons See, Fanghags many of them are in denial Just as Lin Samuel, she'll tell you A lot of them are in denial Although she at least will admit that she's a Fanghag That's why she's so tight when it's fun The Fanghags don't know that they are Fanghags And the guys that they're bearding around with their Fags In some cases, yes And in some cases, no, but these ordinary pedestrian Not the streets fat, dysfunctional babes That is the term of a broads The hangarot would like Richard Simmons And around all those shows is spanking it to the oldies They're just oblivious That one He's so much fun What? That's the word oblivious All right That is correct Just like when he get up in the morning and look in the mirror They must also be oblivious or maybe bad eyesight WCWM, hello Yeah, let's be quick Neil Speaking Neil Yes, Sam I have one for your poll Okay Divine Divine is just divine Thanks a lot, good one Thank you Divine flaming See that's more like it, that's what we're talking about Breaking the gauge Oh Yeah, busted Busting out all over Now see talking about just regular diviner and a divine Or being divine Or being divine To the point where we sports fans out there with a good memory Well, I tell you my name, my mind I need to have that next time I go to Hollywood diagnostics Maybe to have that thing the procedure where they clear your brain out You know that lobotomy down the brain perch Yeah Kind of like what they did to Sheridan on the passions See I keep bringing that up again And hope that somebody might want I'm going to tell you again I was thinking about this yesterday If there's a more beautiful woman in the world And Sheridan whoever that actress is And we've already checked the name whatever I haven't seen her I mean she is just There's nothing missing all the parts are in the right place They're all perfect here her face is just Magnifico Okay, if I were so inclined but I'm not But you want to be you ought to be checking out Sheridan Fact maybe she'll be hanging out on Sheridan the street Or stake an alustabee Right, we're now there's a longhorn or something out of her Oh no long horns There's something there WCWM hello Hey, you Yes sir, how you doing? Pretty good Got the name that should slide right up your pole Okay Andy, what? Andy, what a whole, that's a good one Alright then it's just, that was my hard good to hear those numbers about Mr. Stern station there Man amazing well deserved clear channel He should only crow thanks paley Alright now Clear channel and also that senator Sam Brownback from Kansas All of these all these sensory alphotes man They all should be taking a long dirt nap Is what they ought to be doing leave the rest of us alone It's a pile of crap And the fact that it's been allowed to go on this is what this maze me so much about Carry in the Democrats Where are they? Where are they? You can't complain about their political courage because they don't have any Spindless, jellyfish Even though I'm pulling for carry I'm hoping he really boaches it up But on so many of these issues man They're so afraid, oh we're not going to touch that And you can't touch that it's, you know it's not politically popular And just like this business he ought to be, he ought to be lamb based on the Catholic Church What nerve they've got since back in 1960 what a turn they've taken Back when he were all desperate to get Kennedy in which they did fix the election The first Catholic president Oh my gosh, this is going to be great Well Kennedy, you know he was the first one to say that he's not going to let the Pope dictate policy for the US or his church They was going to obey the constitution And that's exactly what Kerry has said He shouldn't be given communion because he's not, you know he's a, for abortion all the other crap Now they got a whole new litmus test see Not just whether you're Catholic or not but what you boost up to the party line or not And keep in mind that the president went down to spoke at Bob Jones University One of the most anti-Cathag Institute on the face of the year And of course is a good old board again Christian Now that don't confuse them with the facts As long as you boost up in the line and you write on the certain top The homophobia, the anti-avortion all of these things Then you're okay with the Catholic church This is the new day in the new way for this right wing freaking Pope Twenty-tilt two, I can work up about that No, just about right right temperature In fact, you ought to see how they take in my temperature I can't tell you anymore, back in the day though Twenty-tilt two at five, sixty-w-w I'm springing the savings right now And saved like never before on a great new car Truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead It's easy to get there, they're just 20 minutes south of the 836 on the US one on homestead And Armstrong Toyota is worth a drive because they're going to save you so much cash Literally thousands of dollars on great new Toyota's Check out the great leestials that they have waiting for you right now In O4, Camerure, 4 winner just 269 a month or 48 months How about this in O4 Highlander just 309 a month Need a truck? How about an O4 Toyota to turn to the safest truck in America If you pay just 179 a month or 48 months And these just a few of the great savings waiting for you right as I speak At Armstrong Toyota homestead General manager David Richen is staff want to get you Would deal in the new Toyota today so experience for south of difference when you shot there The locally owned locally operated and committed to making you a hundred percent happy camper The service departments even open late till late We've met to make sure they get all your service worked on easy to find them They're right at the quarter of US one in two ninety-third street in the homestead Just twenty-simple minutes south of the 836 and much to hear this Unlike anybody else in the universe Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you free tires Batteries and replacement parts for life of the vehicle That's right tires batteries and free parts for life. Nobody know where it does that So don't waste your time shopping around at those mega dealers who jerk you're going to give you a big song to dance do the smart thing Do your car shopping at Armstrong Toyota of homestead College EM David Rich right now for an unbeatable deal called 305 2 4 2 3 2 2 2 2 2 4 37 3 0 5 2 4 2 3 2 4 2 2 4 7 Drive a little and save a lot and met new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead My Panics okay Practice during the break Okay, take a lot of work. You try to plant a branch enough. I'll do the work. Okay When the squad aback it slowly You like receivers better. Why? Some people say that number ages game They say choice of the big eye 8 men You goes down on a sneezing man It's guys. He likes the please make man He loves to snap cowboys on their behind Like oh Oh, he's got a spot the reputation America's team is rubbing down I'm gonna do it What is trod game? I've heard some people say In the heart of he goes down 8 men He goes down on his sneezing man I can some false discreet 8 men Don't live him cause he likes it From There you go Wouldn't that a masterful job if I do say so myself? That was good See this is the kind of game we got to play boys and girls now. We got to delete this I'm gonna put one of these I want to play this I want to play this Because we can't say anything anymore I think that when you see those numbers I think you're going to see maybe not in this market Because you know soft photos like the land of the walking dead But I think in most of the markets About a country you're going to start seeing a backlash Against cheap channel, less of what you never seen Especially in the six markets Like San Diego and in Rochester And over that mean unfortunately other than Miami None of them are really major market San Diego's close You know But you're going to start seeing a real rebellion The audience are going to start striking back And who is the one person that told you? Months and months and months ago That your radio was a dead device That it was a useless appliance Just might as well take it and throw it in the bottom of the pool Who could do that? There you go They've killed it They have killed this industry man They've destroyed it Some of us have worked in it for our coupons age for years For decades And stuff that we used to be able to do in say 20 30 years ago But 30 man Not no mole Now what kind of progress is that? What kind of crap is that? Backwards They have a bunch of goofballs up there Self-appointed Luna takes it Nobody voted for by the way Who just make it up his ankle along I just like that Viacom thing to take into court Now it says the right on target and I score in Mel Right on target They're just expanding it and making it up And creating whatever they want We'll just decide what we don't want to hear And we can't say And not only that But then Michael Pauces Oh but we don't want to really tell you what you can't say We don't want to be too specific We won't like it But we'll tell you that So you just give it a try And then let us keep finding you and finding you And grandstanding and grandstanding for all those Right wing Christian Luna takes out there Those nut jobs who want to take away free speech I mean why should we should be surprised They shouldn't be sped down in Iraq They're shutting everything else down in this country They don't like what you say But I'm being You can't say it no mole One more or the other Oh but it's America the Prius Just like that Jack asked that Jack Holda called I show you yesterday remember him? How could you forget? Wow what a call Give me a song in the dance Elections about how If you don't like America leave it You've got to support the president You've got to be a American You've got to support the president Well guess what Guess what's going to happen in this November hopefully if people come to their senses It's going to be a lot of people A lot of Americans demore in his eyes Because they don't vote for his group all no more For Dumbledore and his dangerous clowns His neocon clowns Send in your kids your brothers And your sisters and your daughters and your fathers And your uncles Often be slaughtered like human Like human You're waste That's what they're doing And a public sits back Well 57% silver I mean where the hell are they taking these poles And some kind of a vacuum And somebody's echo Now what are they doing? Man Don't let the colon Our Michael Powell here that that does a pull in somebody's well You know what I'm saying Which of these people best fits the description of two gay Just you know gay is one thing But just two gay over the top Oops Richard Simmons 106 Christopher Lawal 54 Librarachi 35 Matt Drog 24 Harvey Firestein and yours truly 23 A tough battle there for a fourth whatever that is Jim J. Bullock 22 Rosie O'Donnell she's it's got 19 Truman Capote 15 Paul in 13 Charles Nelson Marley 13 Sigfried and Roy nine Ricky Williams ape We have one make a very clear what he ate he's straight Got it got it And we appreciate Number 34 Although I'm a patriots fan in the proud of it By the way how many rings Ricky got On what? Michael Jackson 7 Little Richard 7 Harry Fliescher 6 Boy George 6 The queer I guys five one of piece I guess are there five of them? Yes Yeah I guess I guess You guys watch that show no sir Oh how I'm bear acting never seen it That watches it and admitted it Oh yeah Bruce V. Lange for Rex Ray 3 Alan Sue 3 Is he the yes, Suss Dr. Sue's who is that? I don't know who that is my musses Now that must be a book of Brian from course There's a name you don't recognize it It's book of Brian What happened just now? I just skipped a whole bunch of these Milk him all three freaky Carlos three Rex Ray 3 I already said that Elton John's got a pair George Michaels got a pair also their side by each you notice Brian work across true and miss orheimer too They're also right right on top of each other there On our pool Clay Aiken 2 Ellen DeGenerat 1 Jenner Reno 1 no votes for rip torn Nick Carter Merve Griffin Jim neighbors Louis Anderson Johnny mattress Tony Gary misspelled very sad we apologize no a David Hyde Pierce Daryl Hall James Brown Johnny Versace Salmonio through Michaels through Michaels Oh Izakness Rocky which I can't believe you put that on a diviner Andy Warhol I have none on the 435 Wow who's the biggest flamer of the month My Michael and local 6 is 4256 2 2 2 I'm listening Look in congratulations get a life Coming this summer to fox from the makers of the swan the swan comes a new reality show It offers 16 normal shrubs the incredible opportunity to undergo physical mental An emotional transformations with a help of the team of experts fox presents The duck duck duck duck I'm sandwiched it's farm I'm 38 years old I got a tank to size the mini-cooper strap to my torso My nose has been broken so many times due to broken bar fights There resemble the people as she's to bat the duck Hey I'm Bob Voluca boom I'm 27 years old my teeth are totally gummed up Literally all I got is these two teeth I'm all gums I'm paladin and I'll buy no shut in and look at the lid on me towards Shea Pet Two men will be featured every week and at the end of every episode One will go home and one will be selected to move on to the first annual duck pageant So Sammy all you ready to see the mirror What do you think? You're so good I look beautiful The jaw I'm not far like Chris Charles in the queen there at the end That was outstanding If I do say so myself speaking to Clay Aiken 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Just every now and then when you least expected they come up with something almost pretty good Not too good though We don't want to be too good because otherwise it's too entertaining too amusing too humorous Too risky God forbid Then you'll hear those sounds that tell you were way over the line WCWM hello Hey yeah On your list Quick Quentin Quiz Yeah he's the biggest climber of the month Okay, thank you All right Now is that Quentin Quiz Tell me spell that name I'll leave that up to you Yes, how you gonna be spawning that Well, I'll call it a week Quiz Quiz Quisburg Quick WCWM hello Hi, I'm here Yes, you're cold Robert Reed Robert Reed It's not Reverend Jones We do you are just out of control man We've had two fine days I think you're getting all bent out of shape about that JJ and Pepperbines that started to saw yesterday in a sour note with that bad facts Okay, that's it Then my paycheck didn't show up And then of course then that bitch in accounting said oh, well, you can't have You know we can't send those two brushes up there because it's been cost as money And the internet went down And the internet went down Now nothing Now you see wait a minute What did I tell you before it's like a little on a murky side It's only 41 but the sun's coming out this afternoon here in TO The sun is gonna shine It's gonna be 45 From our 54 Thursday 73 And Friday 70 I like that So you'll notice the big day Thursday 73 is also the day when those numbers are coming out Yeah, let me just ask you this What other AM station? Forget about FM because most people have already What other AM station now? That's the NQ FM thing That's got to like die down when you think I mean how long can they keep all the nature rates playing all the old puppy comp or records Huh? To cast your dice Jesus That's got a cool off So I think we got a shot like Jimmy would say When JJ would say We got a shot Yeah And greatness We could do pretty good And in the meantime chief channel like I said It's not nearly as important that we succeed We want to of course But it's so important that chief channel goes in the crap Or man takes a big gigantic dump Especially on big one-o-ciz I've been a daily day in help for months You'll see it yourself That's my prediliction right now You're what now? Which of these people best fits the description of two gay Flaming? Richard Simmons 112 Nobody can touch Richie and any of you who want to Except maybe his dark boyfriend Christopher Lowell 57 Liberat, she's got 40 I moved into 4th 28 Matt drives 26 right on my tail And I'm running like a son of a bitch Harvey Firesteen 25 And Jim J. Bullock, she's got 23 Bye bye bye The Neo Roger show I'm 26 So you can do it I have the right to make it Only one Neil thank God And I don't want to Yeah