That's your special Joe. That's your real visual, Big Joe. My usual. I'm here to tell you who I am. My enemy for Dler Day on. Rumor I'm here to tell you when Till Watson and Rumon Mo is leaving in the morning to a drop to Muna Bomba, and it puts you in the bar as good. What's that? Oh, and there's pockets we, what they're meant. Now that I thought wrongly something to ration. You were in hate the fortune, and Apple sends up a bread. If the matter right you remain in torture instead. On Korean I racked me, boss we hate them. Boss something that we know they did not do. O show power and mercy on you, pay John. Now we're all screwed. And there's no victory, but that's freedom. And I'll let your five bar buy and fill their name. And those they get in vain, and they'll call me in a pile. There's a cold that closes their teeth and smile. Over the street, all that great that's far, far. And there's no atrocities more far. Which we should like, remember, to only follow borders. And all what we think of, that's our responsibility, to make that whole night. That's the perfect rocker on our daughter, they're high. I hate this place, nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. I hate this place, nothing works here. The medications don't work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place, nothing works here. Happy Thursday, too. 10 or three, it's five, 60 WDQ, I'm the home of technical insanity. And what was that again? The deck pot was open. Yeah, I was just the way to get the audience as attention right there at the beginning of the show. No, seriously, why? Why was that pot was open? Why? I started recording on dad as we'd be caught undat in the court. Why? Why? The melody sounds of the voice. Why? And the worst part of it is that it actually went off. I was sitting here thinking, oh, this is going to be great. We're going to have the whole line dropped out. And I can go back to bed for a couple of hours. But I can even skip out and avoid having much with the rumors today. Oh, god. No. Oh, brother. Anyway, let's get to the serious stuff. Okay, we asked you to enter pool on your laundry's.com. This was our second poll of the day after our first poll. And as rummess fell to the center rack. No, it's very close. Oh, brother. Now, he doesn't want anybody to think he's just trying to down some water on those fires and put out all the serious things. There we go. Look, this is some kind of a PR campaign or a talking pony show. Nobody believes that, do they? Oh, good. Because that would only a real cynic would believe crap like that. Now, what is this best of Miami? Yeah, the best of issues out in what? City link. Whatever times. Well, what is this from? That would be a hell. Which one of these are rags? It's from New Times. Best sportscaster, booch zombie. All right. Let's hear it. All right. The Tom Hanks mega hit movie big connected with audiences. Thanks to the actors on Canlly Gile's portrayal of youthful joy. Listening to booch zombie broadcast Florida Marlon's games on WQMA. I'm including the teams unlikely to send to a world serious championship this past season. They won by the way last night. Brought that same feeling to mind. Shombie in old school announced it with an eager to please voice. Yeah, he's really eager to please. So that's so damn glad to be there. It was not it was impossible not to be infected with this enthusiasm. How do you like that? A lot. The opportunity for Shombie to broadcast high profile games must have been a big chance for career enhancement. But what made him list what made listening to him such a joy with an underneath the an answer. You can hear the kid whose dreams were coming true. They like to relax. They be directed to listen about. They be directed to listen about. They like to listen about. About his part of Dave and boring and how terminal he isn't how grateful we are when Boot comes on. And when your his voice is opposed to Dave. Come on, inducing Van Boore. Even Joshua said of that he could have even had to work with him. What? Readers choice was Denise Syphalus. Jimmy Syphalus best sportscaster. Well what does that mean? Jimmy Syphalus? A channel 10? What games does he broadcast? Best TV news anchor also that you can see the way this whole thing is a problem. Horace as it. Cross-eyed Christy Kruger. He spells Cross-eyed with a case. So it's like a triple K ranch. Filming the Oxford's of late local broadcast legend and Bishop of WPLGT was a challenge of accepted by Christy Kruger who has proved herself up to the job at 5, 6 and 11. Maybe her 11 year tenure as health reporter helped to become sufficiently in New or to calmly deal with Mimeys demoralizing Davey news cycle which brims with shootings child of East Yadiyadi. I think like that. I can't read what it says in the bottom of this because you chopped it off. It's on trying to send it in chunks. We got to. That's how scientists are trying to parcel it off. What does it say at the bottom is this? Who is the Readers tour? They're all in the fact machine. What does that mean? They're all spewing out. Here we go. I don't know where I left off. They're all mixed up. Best TV news anchor is right under the boost through there. Christy Kruger, that's their pick now. Oh my God. Oh, that's a lot. Oh, that's a lot. Who? Not a lot. Who the hell's that? They ever watch the Adam family? He's the butler. Lurch? Yes. You're right. Best TV station. That's why New Times is such a pile. Suitable and let's you'll pile of duty, man. Miami-Dade County Cable Television Access Project. That's picked as the best TV station. It says you won't find localized renditions of these sopranos, a lot order on cable tap. But you'll be inundated with half-hour vignettes about the people and organizations that make this sub-tropical, multi-ethnic fine-pandare home. A drone and commissioner may be a culture lightweight for sure. Maybe even a wins-world-level ego-fest. And it goes, oh my God. Patient forum, pausos al-alibretad, pausatodne Puerto Rico, ways of Israel, oeuvay. It says, wow, a TV station that literally can save your ass. Readers choice was Channel 7, which says a lot about South Florida, doesn't it? Absolutely correct. Channel 7. Okay, well, let me just put this stuff aside. There's my Pompano Park copy. I just go and throw you idiot. Did I mention there are sales department or, like, functionally challenged today? Hope they all enjoy that big party tonight. They haven't a ratings party tonight. Folks, I can't tell you where, because then a lot of you, no lives will crash the party. I have no life. But they haven't a ratings party celebrate what a great job they did. It sells the department, all the other people sit around there, pickin' and knows all day. Eatin' the free food, coming in and steaming our free sodas and whatever else we got laying around. Okay, we just do the polries up and miss today first. Which of these vish describes why you listen to the meteorologist, you show Neil, tells it like it is that was a late addition and it's zoomed by everybody else. 733 people under Kiss Me, what on the end? Back home! 733. For a few laughs, 576. To hear the stories Neil raids, 170 to just 9.8 percent. That's not really good old man, you know it. That's not a good sign, less than 10 percent. Too many to hear those free and potent bedtime stories, but you know what? Too bad. It kills four hours of my boring life. I have no life. 133 people honest enough to say that and we can relate, at least when you're in Florida. To hear the crazy and crank call 65, only 3.7 percent, that best, but I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off 46. And to hear the callers opinions only 18, 1 percent. I don't want to say that most of the audience out there doesn't give a fine crap or a fine one either. I don't know if I'm like frying crap. I don't just don't care about your opinions. Of course, that may have something to do with the quality of the calls over the year. But never let's. Okay, so that's yesterday's poll. We got Gabrielle Reese, she's a beach volleyball player in the model. She is? Oh yeah. Well I kind of looked there and we looked too hard for a biographer because when I realized this, she was a volleyball player. I figured, well why does it really make any difference? She's a cross trainer. She's on our behind-the-beaded curtain today. If you're over the ages 75, you got both grandparents around to say, okay, son, you can take a quick look. Then take a look real fast. And by the way, just breaks our heart that we find out that there are people, especially punks, really desperate punks who couldn't get laid in the red light district and an Amsterdam, who are looking at those pictures and not looking at the rest of our prestigious website, like that, spit call we had yesterday, and a little child that overgrown infant, could you be more specific? Yeah. Any of many. Best local sports tournament to Nasdaq 100, best local sports tournament. Oh man, you talk about desperate for categories. Holy moly, the Nasdaq 100. Here's today's poll question. And I think it's a perfect day for it too. I'll let me see what else they got on here. Readers to, oh I see, you're fetching these all out of love. Because you know how it is, it's wide, it's long and wide, and we're trying to get it broken down into faxable chunks. Readers choice, Howard Stern. Best AM, or here you go. Best AM radio, I guess that was best FM, and I can't figure out who it is that they picked because the first part that didn't show up yet. It's there. Best AM radio personality, this is, this has got to be a comedy. It must be because nobody's ever heard of this person. But everybody is, how many people watch that local access TV station if they're raven about that? Bird man. See this is part of the pseudo intellectual approach of new times. Best AM radio personality, Jacqueline Hazel, the forgiveness forecast on WMBM 149DAM. Every Monday wins the infradio afternoon after you finish the full day of terrorizing everyone in your officer shop. You don't have to heat yourself. Sure you've made your secretary's job living hell, you've terminated your codependent girlfriend. You've sedistically tortured your wife. Radio host Jacqueline Hazel as a place in her heart for you. Interactive and broadcasty forgiveness forecast. Hazel count the power saying, sorry. Sorry, Mr. Listen to Hazel on you drive home and you'll feel redeemed and ready to face that deep dark truthful mirror about your bathroom sink. You regain the strength to continue the next day doing the awful things you do and then apologize for. I apologize. Nice way to beat the system Hazel. It's like the phallicism. Do whatever you want, just make sure you get yourself absorbed and what kind of way to make it men's then to apologize. After you finish listening to this uplifting show, readers choice Neil Rogers WDQAM. Of course. How do you like that? Put it in a course. They always pick you. Yeah, what happened to you? Oh, I don't know. What once every 10 years new times, you know, they'll pick me just, oh yeah, the old man's still got it. What was that? That was city length. Wasn't it that glowing ass? I do believe that. What would this time be without the new Rogers show and where will we be? What will we do? Any other audience? New times. Does it hurt? Probably. Yeah. So they're much less likely to say anything positive about me. By the way, Howard Cohen, you're still a class hole. Okay, you idiot. Big one of six doesn't suffer from loss of shock, John. Right. Right. I don't realize you're anything about it. See in a real market where there was real competition and real writers, they'd be ripping the hairl and ass for that because they really rip each other the competition. Same man, oh man, did they make a bonehead mistake? But not Tom, he's too busy telling us about Fraser in the last episode again. How many times has he written about this? I'm good man. By the way, I already got the copy of the chair. One copy was enough, please. 10-13 at 5-60WQM. Let's face it. We've been talking about fast rain for a couponsage on this program now. Maybe during hearing me talk about it, you wondered if this is right for you. Well, it's very easy if you have the dedication. Fast-train can provide you with an unnecessary training, capability, a cheap, a brand new high-paying computer career in just four short months. So if your life is on a treadmill, if your paycheck is anymore talking about, this might be the answer you've been looking and hoping for. And just four short months. You can be on your way to a real career and a big fat one that goes along with it in a paycheck too. Fast-train's got day night and we can classes financial assistance for people who qualify. Once you complete your classes fast-train, we'll even assist you in getting a new computer job. It's really that easy. So call him today. What he got to lose be said at $4.5 an hour job. Call fast-train at 1-8-6 fast-train. They got several occasions in town including Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke Pines, so it just makes sense. That there's about to be a fast-train campus nearby you. Check them out on the web at fast-train.com and make that one simple call that can change your left give you a boost. Call 1-8-6-6 fast-train. We're sports-win-you-five-six-you-a-m. It's day-old. You'll buy every town. That's five-six-old. W-Q-A-L-A. American girls. In American cars who only listen to the message from the Uber ride Will have their tables offline. As the troops from home need, they find the comfort of the night. Hide and under the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid of fact. So I sit right here near the DB far from the Uber road. Nice. Under the covers you'll discover. I'm a big decision. There would prefer to add some other to the batting for play. Now this country I love is hockey-fion. I rack. And all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. A moushes big brown eye. Look big mouth-cowers of the world who gladly follow blind. Hang up the same until a braid. To fight or enlist. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flat will fly from the back of my cropped. Knock in any auto, to the bakery auto. You're a pop-o-type. And my view of the cold red world is what I see on Fox News. Yeah, I'm an art heir warrior. Do know it's better than you. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. You're a good boy. I'm an in-brit jerk. Who parrot's anything they say. Don't happen, readers, circuits. So much easier there's whey to watch TV or look at pictures. And you wish hey today. With my, I made just double-titled. As I jiggle my brains. Rain, and I'll go sail up through his brain Too bad or he'll list But you can count on me to watch the video Shake my fist as I lower my fly So I can pull on my foot The song of my stupid proud day show The swat's been good that feud on my foot That's not right, the Saudis are our best friends in the world My clothes are racking or jeez Oh, I am an armchair warrior You know it's better than you What the fuck is that? Lint you? How do you know why I'm not here? I'm in the capital of the country All the Nazis all the time 10, 20, 5, 60, WQM, who's our poll today? What's your number one complaint? And we got list of five to start We've already got some votes on there In fact, let's take a peek and see what it is so far What's your number one complaint? Bush is destroying America 35 My wife isn't bisexual, that was your choice, 7 I'm not getting enough sex, 6, 6, 6 I was trying to... Fan is a cow and can't lose weight, that was my choice 6 And my boss is a... PAH! PAH! One, I'm the first 66 votes My boss is a PAH! Just don't on me in plain admit that we can still say brown eye Oh thank the Lord for that Otherwise we can put that van Morrison song right? This thank you for fact seeing this depressing piece of news Whoever sent this in is as won't this bitch ever go away And the answer is, oh no! Miriam elephant is expected when I was planning today She's seeking reelection as Howard County's election Supervisor Dr. N. Rayleigh, against her suspension last year by Governor Jim Bush Protest organizes in yesterday They Southern Christian leadership conference in Justice For All in Broward, a group of local black ministers Will Rayleigh today at the governmental center at downtown Fort Lauderdale Maybe they're doing it right now as part of their campaign To persuade the US civil rights commission to investigate Bush's actions Bush has spent an elephant with our pay over accusations That she was incompetent and it mismanmed she elections office Very few things I could agree with you have Bush and Bospel When it comes to mirror elephant, she is incompetent as... Absolutely correct! As they come, but nevertheless she just refuses to go away She wants that job now Maybe he can get her sister out there too, Marchen Oh yeah, she's a PAH Now, go back to this best FM personality I don't know who it is, but I guess the back of boys I don't know what they're on Because it says, Horde's a young woman showed up at the... Because you chapped off the first part of this Horde's a young woman showed up at the... Desirely is spot only received complimentary chicken breast injected with saline Most mourning shows are a poor man's version of Howard Stern Worse the back of boys easily outshine As could have drunk period in two minds Already far beyond that in quality they do all sitting in a new standard Marking their own territory probably to be copied sold by other mourning shows The readers chose Howard Stern of course no longer run in a market But the new times chose the back of boys Do we have any idea what station they're on who they are What it's all about and my B Oh, oh the black of boys Apparently Maybe they'll have to... they'll come no black and then the back of boys Best Spanish language personality And we can Santos in Joferero, El Sol And it's too bad that we don't have the rest of this Cause you just... oh this is just so happy that they're crappy Huh? I got it choppy and that's how I factored it It says actually make that personalities With their El Vasalo and Delamaniana show an L-soul These two get away with stuff Howard Stern types can only dream about Maybe no one at the FCCCCB Spanish despite the recent bruhaha How over indecency Anybody who regularly listens to radio knows the real shock shocks are celebrated on the Seemingly unregulated his Spanish stations How do you like that And then I can't read the rest of it or figure out who the right I don't have it either Oh Best trade, oh see that's the best weather catcher Jackie Johnson Doesn't say who the uh... look See that's the thing that they do about this They've the readers choice sometimes they put it on there Sometimes they write Maybe there isn't one Jackie Johnson Best radio station WPYM Oh my god are you chmitting me Party radio Oh the party's over That's my opinion I might Disney Party Feverish world of dance music is populated by numerous and fluid subgenres from the Shafel of superpitcher to the dark new beat of the lords of acid and each school has its Phenetics and attractors True you may not hear Carlos D's been the deep fourth remiss of a forest unless you Upass your lazy boy and head down to revolver But for a voice what? But for a voicey rush during rush hour general car But car bumping Or any cruise you choose Props must be given to WPYM Clockreal known as party 93.1 The party's over That's my opinion I'm like Disney Dance format cleared the dials of classical music when WTMI FM fell short and PYM of PYM's do step up Oh this is so It says I'm a series of Plus is any carbon based unit who's looking to market lacking in dance music We'll tell you simply having these smoking hip shakers of 90 people One on the ear Move the cultural needle from the now of hip hop to the future of synthesizers Even though you talk about suitable intellectual crab man Readers choice was Zeta Oh here it is Here's the first part of that the back of boys on WMIB the beat Since if you're one of the few hundred thousand souls who lived through the daily Purgatory of sitting in morning hour or rush hour traffic Finding an entertaining distraction is a priority on your FM dial So forget the monotone chip chat provided by NPR and WLRN Since they were rival if they beat last year Next you get American brothers Eric and then there's more to it's also not here Which I don't know how well it's just empty The back of boys the black and the back and whatever Maybe they chewed the back of I don't know Okay, that's our poll question What's your number one complaint? Oh, look at that we got to do the break I can't believe it And it's your fault you got me bogged down first with the way we started with that Loud feedback I'll never do that again And then number two with this then new times crap Apparently city link must have theirs out because I'm getting taxes from someone with other things that aren't from this really And that's good Bring a mind baby all the facts is all the time it'll kill somebody good time here today 26 past ended five oh listen join QAmen to reveal the other pages from Bill South today new to one and card tronics 139 81 South to see how I stop by pick up barlins Astros tickets and Keynes baseball tickets No one at card tronics in Miami and join the big all today 4 to 6 at the new seminal hard rock casino and Hollywood stop by the spin the wheel for prizes And that's the new seminal hard rock casino where the big all be there in four clock Let me tell you right now about something big financial group You know you've heard us talk about financial group and they're incredible only one mortgage program With an unbeatable one and a quarter percent rate for the purchase are we financing of your home one and a quarter percent That's just 334 bucks a month on a hundred thousand dollar loan 6.68 a month on a two hundred thousand dollar loan now the advertising on TV They're all over the radio they're inside the tide Rex brain this programs everybody talking Only one mortgage makes it possible and only the financial group makes it available We finance your current home get money for innovations move to another home And never ever pay fees are closing costs again zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees zero application fees zero discounted points zero everything Just like Todd's IQ this is for real just confidential group toll free one 866 395 lend to find out more That's one 863 95 L a and D the only one mortgage trust me when I tell you it's the only mortgage you'll ever need There were equal housing lender credit restrictions apply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly A mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment humanity Things do it around our right Here's the mad dog to manage Sing classic role Our right It's our right Our right Our right Our right Our right Our right Our right Our first Jim setting built a little bit more Like that you get more but now he says I like the I like the mad dog just can't listen up with that cottage cheese button He wants to sing God bless America and paste this in the jeep strength up there I'll do it I Sing of so happy Oh Oh Our 7 before 11 reason I play that is because this must be decidy link right I can only assume best radio personality They pick Jim managed WQAM it says you know so much listen to Jim mad dog man It says you rubber neck him he's a lot of not just full of himself loudish often wrong bore in other words He's perfect for that abrasive medium called radio what's more managed his perfect reports especially since he's a former Jocke himself having played several seasons as a mediocre threat into the dolphin he's got two super ball rings by the way you idiots Those are mediocre super ball rings. Oh, well, the sports pedigree managed has a special insider quality that's somewhat tones down The repulsive nature of his character. Well, this is quite a compliment But we could never touch the small level of his WPLG channel 10 TV part of Jimmy Siflus another former dolphin receiver Man, it doesn't just talk about sports. He's leveled around a lot about the hangover he has from freebie cocktails He drank that I'd before or provide an anecdote that reveals his lecherous nature You never know what is this train wreck of a man is gonna say next and that's what really makes him hard to ignore Says city link readers choice God she all I care about is that that's good because the mad dog gets one I get the other one right. I don't care about what the listeners have to say the readers because they're the ones that get the arbitron diaries The people are right this swirl and city link in new times. They don't get no diaries. Okay, so Now, they can think of whatever stuff and I can only present the city link stuff is also on the internet Right. I want to go and find no Why should I do that mentioning that when you can fax it to me like I have a page here I can paste it all together with a pages glue and tape right this son sent a writer Michael Mayo Oh my god, what does that say about that newspaper right holy cow? That's the only correct Michael hold a mail and I don't know who the readers think because you only fax me this one Oh, I got that's all I came to the fact. Oh, that's all I came through was just that one page when you folks can do better than that Don't give us like that little tease there Nanner That was the little tease. What's your number one complaint? That's our pull question. I'm sure that we got a lot of people out there with big complaints in our on here. Yeah, let's go. Let's get with it 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Well, you talk about a dog and pony show trying to save piss rum spelled over there in bag then oh brother WCWA and hello I believe six across is plari-puss WQM hello Okay 567.0560 WQM hello Oh, God WQM hello Yeah, I can't control cable. Yes, they're speaking Speaking Hello, yes Yeah, this is one. Yeah, this is one. Just like yesterday I come crawl cables for like a regular boy and it's a hey, this is one. Maybe it. I'm still on the mayor shoulder mayor Pinkess, Picania 567.0560 pound from bartending. There. I've heard the mushrooms came in over the weekend You just didn't get any I know again. Maybe there'll be some at that party tonight for the ratings party with all those losers at it We got all those people that did so much to help us get those big ratings WQM hello Yes sir Okay, good WQM hello WQM hello Pretty good just leave the governmental center where the elephants both be in a few minutes. Yes, it's getting a little dark down here You know what? Hey, man, you still fired. Gotta go. Yeah, she's fired it in WQM hello WQM What was he doing? At least it was right to the point clear concise. Uh-huh 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line whipped up into a frenzy at A baby They're full minute them off just the way we like it So far you're never one complete bushes destroying America 110 Well, you know that that's a given 164 votes. I'm not getting enough sex 24 I'm fat as a count can't lose weight 18 my wife isn't bisexual 11 and my bosses a Whole three WQM hello Oh, yes sir No, I don't understand you. I got a question contact me to all these arbitrage ratings actually work Hold amount of a hat Some folks they pull out of there back them WQM hello No, yes sir. Hey, I heard last night one of the marlin state scorched standing up Hi, I got I got I got I got I got WQM hello Hello, yes sir Call me from Fort Loverdale. Let's go to Fort Loverdale hello. Hey Definitely nice show today is it the clueless call us. Yeah Well anyway, let's be listen to the panelists. I'm not working my day off. So I think I have no doubt of sex Not enough sex. Okay So otherwise now what they're gonna do is call it and read the ones that we hit The bull ah, it's great I told you I love these calls you people that don't like to phone calls man. You don't know where you just don't know where it's at That's your problem WQM hello. How you doing uncle Neil might be good. He's in that I live in Florida Living in Florida. That's an excellent choice now uncle Neil I'll be seeing you I'm getting my butt out of here. I'm gonna stand for Cisco Lake Tahoe and Reno. I'll ride have a great time, Valley. Thank you. See ya He's going this story just to drive me up the wall Counselor gets house arrest for not eating hanging team. This is just enough to make you want to spank somebody real bad Well, she thought he was already dead. So what's the rush? A farmer you know she didn't inform her you counselor who's that photos of a hanging teenager Rather than try to free him from his makeshift news was sentenced to a year of house arrest yesterday for child neglect A former youth counselor Sandra Trotter 41 stare to head as barred circuit judge Michael Jates pronounced sentence Which also included four years probation 500 hours of community service and the stipulation that she never work as a caretaker for children or disabled adults again The victim 15 year old Anthony Duma had been sent to the Lippon Center 221 Northwest 43rd court in Oakland Park and a shelter for one ways and troubled youths Lutheran family services runs the center under contract with the Florida Department of juvenile justice Herm as mother and father led a judge send him there for attacking his mother because they had no money to pay for his counseling which they knew he needed In June 2000 sometime after 9 p.m. Anthony hanged himself from a top bunk bed in his room using his black woven leather belt Prosecutor Dennis Seagull said it would have been simple to lift Anthony about a foot onto the bunk first bunk to relieve the nuisance pressure After the incident try to pull police and other investigators She was afraid to touch the teenager because she feared she would hurt him further The photos were to keep her records so she wouldn't be sued She later said she tried to cut the belt but I'd no access to scissors and no help from fellow employees Wow Talk about lame but now she's saying she thought he was already dead and was taking right documentation because she's on the stand And we spent the day talking to people and seeing the steps that have been taken to see that Those types of abuses to people for whom we have resisted. It's all about those pictures you know what I'm saying now. We know why Casey Casey was screaming about those pictures He was supposed to see that's what it's all about is those damning pictures that always seem to be around who you're kidding You're only times up at standard retire. That's the deal for rum shell time to retire It is in compoop murder or butcher and liar 19 to 11 at 560 WM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business pay roll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation call 1 866 at Oasis That's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands that the many facets of human resource management are pretty complicated Outstores being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving all those operational details to Oasis outsourcing So let these folks make your business more profitable for a free evaluation call on toll free 1 866 at Oasis That's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing My local we're sports radio 560 2 a M Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami We're going to and the circulation to but not call it no baby Cause I thought I thought no baby's either more I don't know I'm ready I hit the somebody soon out of rock Right, whose dreams should it back to me? Do we want me? I thought I saw all men and I saw I saw all men 1026 at 516 tough passes meet breathlessly Paul and Ron that's old Paul and ancient Ron will be on big one o six starting Monday There'll be repressed on Zeta week from Monday with a Lex and Terry show a show from Jacksonville that's indicated that's on and mostly small a market Some nose picking Yahoo show the Lex and Terry show on say that while Paul and Ron move over to big one o six and believe you meet their numbers ain't gonna be so big trust me when I tell you Paul our morning show problems are solved. There you go. Here's one that says my suggestion for the pull is I'm getting old and it sucks everything hurts I like that I'm getting old and it sucks got that Josh got it he's getting older too. He just celebrated his camp birthday And they brought him a birthday cake made from duck and donuts 567560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon line WQ and hello Hi Neil yes sir how about on your pole all of the above Yeah, you're it said before what we were like going over this pull this morning He said what about all the above you know just making fun of people like this guy there. No no Not all of you, okay. He a little bit more creative. I realize that it's quite a demand that we put on the audience. It's a lot of stress You can actually pick one you know it's like sticking to your finger and you know is when you got a bad cold just pick an only one can be difficult to us But that's what I ask you to do right now. Yeah, just pick one. No, it down. Please. God. WQM hello. QAM WQM hello WQM hello WQM hello Yes sir Yeah, I did you hear that general boy can is partly responsible for the second use of the Iraqi prison Remember that guy was at last year on Satan was the problem Michael Sama Yeah, I know because I found on the internet I sort of scroll on a bottom of the internet and he's responsible He's probably responding to anything this good Christian thinks that's abusive. How you get information But I'm not sure WQM hello A. The idea on okay I hate the fact that your show become a soapbox restart Hi, buddy WQM hello A. I have an information maybe a little joke to move the call No, no sir We don't need information. We don't need jokes. We just want to see ginger. Who the whole this I thought this would be easy. What's your I maybe we have no complaints in South Florida Life is paradise. I'm so moved. What's not to like? It's paradise. So there's a that liar general Myers Richard Myers that will come pulse of chronic liar WQM line nine. I'm very favorite hello Hey, Neo how about nobody my name speaks English nobody speaks English in my name in excellent choice Which will get many many votes are like him Nobody speaks English here got it Josh good at it Okay, what five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now Let me get to some of my stuff here because obviously these people are thinking about this Got a meeting cause, but I don't want like overdo it right especially since we got all of our people today obviously Gathered round ready. Oh, yeah, they're all gathered round Well, your girlfriend leash gal to gal sex picks. This is in the York Post today. Can't wait Shocking shots of sex capades involving PFC Linda England were among the hundreds of ex-rated photos and videos from the Obu grade prison scandal showed lawmakers in that top secret capital conference you missed it over over 1600 photos and videos by the way If you're counting I She was having sex with numerous partners that appeared to be consensual set of lawmakers who sell the photo The guy with video showed they would you stop. He's trainer trash would expect Video showed that a disgrace soldier making made notorious in a photo showing her holding a leash looked around in a rocky prisoner's neck Engaged in graphic sex acts with other soldiers in front of her wacky prisoners Pentagon official told NBC nightly news Almost everybody this is my favorite line Almost everybody was naked all the time another lawmakers say Well, maybe it was hot in there, you know, right it's a rack many members of Congress left a forty-fab in a viewing session early They're by missing the portal performance by England, but there were enough other images of torture humiliation and intimidation to sick and anyone Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota said it was pretty disgusting now. Would you expect from Americans? He said there was lots of sexual stuff not of the Iraqis, but of our troops Not what you expect from Americans like sex and stuff yeah Senator Diane Feinstein who also characterized the photos as disgusting agreed noting it's hard to believe that this actually is taking place in a military facility The shocking photos and videos provided on computer disk by Pentagon official showed a Tactov snarling it cowering prisoners Iraqi women forced to expose their breasts and they could prisoners tie together on the floor Senators revealed as they merged from the heavily guarded conference room It was significantly worse than I expected said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon take the worst case and multiply it several times and then you get close I don't know how these people get into our army said Senator Ben Knighthorse, Campbell of Colorado reporting Several pictures of Iraqi women who had disrobbed or put and putting their shirts up Senator Chuck Schumer of the artist grabbed images as more detail than more graphic than the pictures that have been released publicly Referring to the disturbing photos of Iraqi's being abused to the abogray prison that surface two weeks ago Normally I signed with the sloshes and openness, but in this case these photos are evidence Schumer said Indicating favors keeping the lid on the alarming pictures as vice president Cheney and John Warner of urge representative Jane Harmon of California ranking Democrat on the House in Teldins committee said she was most appalled by a video of a handcuff prisoner Beating is head against the wall with an apparent bid in knock himself unconscious to escape the abuse Another video clip she said a group of men were shown masturbating Before the pictures of England sex rumps were shown to Congress the 21-year-old reservist from much Virginia tried to portray herself as a reluctant Participant who is just following orders before we saw all this orgy going out with us bitch I didn't really I mean want to be in any pictures England told a Denver TV station I was instructed by persons in high rank to stand there hold us least look at the camera and they took pictures for Siaops she told KCNC Sheathals it was kind of weird him when she was photographed smiling with a cigarette in her mouth as she leaned forward and pointed at the genitals of a naked Hooded Iraqi abogray prison And others refused to identify who gave her the orders saying that they only came from persons in my chain of command Don't ever give an order like that again. That's what Al Pacino said England faces a military court martial and food charges such as conspiracy to military prisoners assault Consumated by bad red and we're last she had bad memories in there. Wow She could face punishment from ranging from a referendum more than 15 years in prison. Your close personal good buddy, Linda England Wow, I won't be long before she'll be on a jury spring or shawg your and empty of that can't wait 560 pound 560 on the AT and T in horizon wireless line. What's your number one complaint? So far we've got We also got that WQA hello QAM hello Oh, huh? Yes, sir. How you doing? I don't want to add to your pool. It's already. So wherever it comes to Miami, they have to learn Spanish That's your number one complaint. Yes. I see. Okay, get some help, pal. I call us back when it led you And we'll let you a little help your off that bunk bed off the top bunk 567.0.560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Hi, Dale. Yes, sir. I'm a born complaint is gay George WQAM hello She was smoking WT WTQAM hello The number of company if you don't speak he'd a spanglish or nigh wish you can't get anywhere in Miami. There you go There's a guy that's got his thumb right on very well said That was the best call we've had in the least 5 10 years. I would say maybe my third man Fine, what do you see? I told you this was gonna be great. You didn't believe it I could already I could feel it. I could smell it. I took three years in Negersion high school WQAM hello Good morning. Hey morning, sir My complaint is being told that I live under the best political system and the best medical system in the world I'm not buying it Okay, he's not buying it. We're not selling it. He ain't buying it. I don't know what we what do we want to put down anything for him? No, no, just get some help WQAM hello Hello, yes Yes, my biggest complaint is you hang up on what if I'm? WQAM hello Good morning, yeah, good morning, sir. I got some free prayer polls. Yeah, I'm corrupt as cops and traffic Corrupted cops and traffic. Okay, there's no stuff and think about that one. Okay corruptist cops The Roman Empire there Right, copus corruptist and his brother biggest Nicus careful. He needs to be the sheriff in Brown biggest nicus WQAM hello Hey, nail. Yes, sir Biggest complaint is that the luxury show is coming Do you know who they are? Yeah, they're nothing wet found each on 94.3 in They suck oh I think yes, what happened? Have any go away? Who's still there? I get some Supported that drink and getting drunk. Okay Haha I'm idea what he said, but I'm sure was great Lex and Terry, they're already on a Palm Beach and haven't had any really blow I's going there chief channel is once again. I continue put on all these Pre-fabricated shows that are on 85,000 different markets I'm using an entertaining absolutely nobody That's the response that's their fill-in-the-gap is just shuffling from this point over to another point Rolled Paul and young Ron with everybody else's material, but all that's still crap. They put on a year They're shuffling them over there to big and put this sophisticated bunch of losers on here on Zeta Nice gone PD bulger nice gone David Ross and by the way two bad about that lorry mazen at the thing that popped in his head And I'll see that no what thing oh yeah, he had like a Anjuries or something he's gonna live though unfortunately Lorry made some clear channel from the real Nazis of the radio 1056 at 560 WCM he racing fans this Saturday may 15 Pomp and O'Parkle features some a casting of the hundred twenty-nine throning of the pre-tune states from Pimico race course in Maryland Which is where the hump or the Hebrew hammer is that right now by the way You can watch and wait you on the second leg of the triple crown right at Pomp and O'Parkle this Saturday In fact, there'll be early bird wagering on a pre-tune starting in one clock tomorrow and for both days Pomp and O'Parkle have free Past performance pages for the thickness field and then Saturday Pomp and O'Parkle comes extra early with its new Audio can eat buffet on the fourth floor starting in 430 just to have mild from both i95 And the turn-pump and O'Parkle is easy to get to invest of all day off of you free admission and free general parking every day So what's not to like Life harness racing in the Polk Room open to be Wednesday Friday and Saturday Polkers starts at noon goes on El Midnight live racing gets underway Wednesday Friday and Saturday 725 p.m. New post time Pomp and O'Parkle is also open seven days tonight's a wait featuring the best in harness stir-bent highlight Samochesting from all across north America for you to watch and plunge your guts on Pomp and O'Parkle blocks south of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road to the Curgray schedule called 9504 972 2000 or go online at pomp and O'Parkle.com Don't forget watch and plunge on a pre-tune this weekend at Pomp and O'Parkle I'm on your hands and he's and lick my boots Jump in the taxi car about her driver said to Pomp Look that mean so quish at the ring I could tell if he was in the dark So I acted out my pop charade and with my arms the trees are made No bug speaks English and a mongol I went down to my yeah, man beach where the weather is nice and shunning I walked into a rickshaw storm but the guarder talks real fun Guys from far pint of fortune beaming just not the end of what does that mean? But I'm speaking wish at a mall that corner delete Hell I think I've been Pakistan speaking was smelly Are you gonna go back to the lower end? I Came here and you the go Learn my ABC I don't say much as gross years. I say pretty please So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now stop making me sick But it's dangerous I Don't go to a five sixty wivity come why would they put Bob and Tom on in a morning? I want those stations I don't know it would make sense. I make too much sense. They're too entertaining. They do too little a show I mean, I don't I don't get that Anyway Number one complaints is J.R. traffic in Miami. Yeah traffic South Florida drivers. Let's put it that way. South Florida drivers got a change good good job Here's a thanks that says good morning. You did you get a chance to watch the Keralbornet show yesterday? No, no, he did not I thought it was great and brought back a lot of memories. Thank you and have a great day and then it says Oh right I don't watch Keralbornet show last night for probably one one reason in particular is when it was on originally like hundred years ago I don't watch it then either I didn't like to watch the Keralbornet show yesterday. No, no, he did not I thought it was great and brought back a lot of memories. Thank you and have a great day and then it says Oh right I don't watch Keralbornet show last night for probably one one reason in particular is when it was on originally like hundred years ago I don't watch it then either I didn't like the Keralbornet show. Oh, you can't say that. I can't say that I mean, I don't know she's okay. And she does that thing with a parvy corpsman not a big fan It can't stand Vicki Lawrence. So why would I watch it last night in addition was even if I did watch it many many years ago Not to me. Why would I want to turn it on last night and then see all these people who just celebrated their 88th birthday You know, we're eating we teen in like dribbling down their chin. I don't want to see that Like when they wheeled our Kate Smith and that wheelchair. It's your like a little vegetable and a wheelchair that one time Oh, it was so sad. Why did they do that money? Is that what it is? That's good. So I didn't watch Keralbornet but I sure hope you enjoyed and I'm glad it helped improve your life Let's see rum spell to over there along with these other fakers They're lying through their teeth general miles all these others. Bopopopop Trying to sub big dog and pony show to try to cover up all of this crap And speak of that. It's really interesting now. Who do you believe? Okay? You've got two directly conflicting reports about the Nick bird who was beheaded by the barbarian al Qaeda I thought we got rid of al Qaeda. Isn't that what we've been told or didn't get into the job though? Make it a komper. And I thought also they said that al Zacarwe that it wasn't his voice on the tape by yesterday and then it come to Oya was him That's not yes, yeah, that's not yes, yes, maybe Oh, here's the very disturbing facts is work and I get spinning on the axis of evil I went to Barnes and nobody yesterday. They don't have it. You think borders might well they might I know Amazon probably might that well that's definitely where you'll find it Amazon.com or what's the other one? Amazon.com yeah, and you'll have it a couple of days. I would go online and get it instead of running all over time When you got gas that's 20 bucks a gallon. I wouldn't be wasting all that money. It's a great book. You definitely must read it spinning on the axis of evil You offer a Scott Taylor Anyway, getting back to Nickburg Says the killing a Nickburg the American telephone engineer beheaded by Islamic militants that are racked trigger a political Storm last night is the murdered man's father Lane the Bush administration for the circumstances that led to his death. I should point out right out front the Nickburg voted for who's a Bush supporter? Okay, the kid right Michael Bergen of out of ponen of the war in Iraq said his son might still be alive if the US military had not taken him into custody for 13 days in late March and the brother Nickburg's brother Says you got a whole series of emails that they emailed back and forth So they've got evidence. I mean, there's no question about it that the US military had him in custody Mr. Burr said he believed that if the 26 year old had not been detained so long He might have been able to leave the country of all conditions for more stable Nickburg a travel to Iraq is a freelance telecommunications on a pernoor intending to help rebuild communications antennas But was detained by Iraqi police at a checkpoint in Mosul and a mid-confusion is to what he was doing in the area He was later passed on to the US military who finally now here here's the most important part of this Who finally freed him after his parents sued the federal government for his release on April 5 Mr. Burr said his son of an hell without an attorney was not allowed to make telephone calls Ready for that yeah Typical part of the course or first the government. Oh, no, we we offer to may a pain ride home. We offer to murder Home right We didn't have them in custody. We didn't hang we didn't have force from the state there. I didn't know Godfathers Now if that's the case then how come they sued the federal government and rumsfeld himself for his release April 5 They had to go to court to get them to release him shut up They were just hanging under them just like they do everybody else so well don't ask any questions and forget about the G even convention and forget about attorneys and all this other crap Okay, and this is an American citizen though less who's now dead not even a raghead American citizen or a spik American citizen Exactly Kind of a no head American citizen Well, I mean you said it. I mean that was bad. You're you're responsible for that. I saw where you were going with that. That's bad They should be making it kebab crane jokes. I mean this is not there's not a joking matter. Okay, although I do notice that when Daniel Pearl Is the same thing with him and how come they didn't make a big tinnitus about it as much? They didn't care about it all that much because it wasn't at the time when all these other revelations were coming out when people could say Oh, you see how much more barbaric they are than we are. It wasn't a convenient come back right Oh, look at us see there much more barbaric, but the bottom line is when somebody kills innocent people There's still dead in fact the father said that he was if anything a rather would have had and died the way he did because it's quick and relatively famous as opposed to long And rescoosciating torture and all this other crap After mentioned of course all the thousands and thousands of innocent men moving in children over there who have been dying since we started all the bombing And the shock and awe in a hospital say long torture was painful death without the strep nil in their brain and Of course little Ali who's got the four Our official limbs, it's said on so on and chemical Ali who we killed not only once but twice, it's said of and so on Well, that'll teach them to attack. I mean they just keep lying and lying and lying and a public is the bit of it But it would but I like that Although the latest CBS poll shows that El President days approval rating now keeps dropping like a rock It's down to 44% like a rock So you don't think maybe that's why they're putting on this dog and pony showing back that do you think that might be it? Yeah Or might just be a coincidence WDQAM hello WDQAM hello. Yeah, I knew it's blue. Yes, Lou I wanted to put something on the pole go ahead. Okay. I don't know if it's fine already. Oh, you know you don't But I was just funny the way you said that like like we know you want to show it Well, because everybody calls nobody says I people just want to give you something for the poll And I just want to right at least you're being sociable. That's good. Okay, although unacceptable in South Florida Exactly, but which which brings them the next point which is the Harold the Harold should be on that poll Okay, the crappy Harold the good point excellent choice and and one more thing You know, it's what's funny is the hypocrisy of all these people they're saying oh the Americans don't act like that that's not the Americans we know You know, I think they're wrong. I think this is what Jerry Spirits was an hour certain or I think what they should do is next time There's a documentary on the Vietnam more and look at what we did in me lying all the all the innocent people that we not only Bootsured, but I mean took to body parts of souvenirs They ought to take a look at that. Exactly. Thanks, Tommy. God right there, Lou. Bye. Bye Got it. I'm a Harold Even the fish jump right out of your hand when you try to wrap them in the Harold Peace of crap and let me say it again Howard Cohen you may be fooling somebody else and we know you won't make any correction Retraction but who the how are you people kid? Okay big 106 doesn't lose any listeners with the loss of the shock Jock on all this other crap you would know a shock jack of each stuck his foot right up your ang Right, okay Howard Cohen at the Miami-Herald you idiot you simpleed in you he's probably like you know It's not their 17 year old stringer Do one thing you discover if these newspapers they don't like have like wheeled adults They may have like three or four months that they cost money. Yeah, they had like a bunch of kids that work like They get paid per piece you know kind of like Kathy Willod's they get paid per piece They're like they're just stringers. That's all and you'll notice that one day they're like Who is it the other guy to Glenn? Not Glenn Garbond? Who is it that preceded him? Ken Kevin bastard? What happened to him? But that's right now. He's a sports flunky now. He writes about baseball He was the previous Harold TV radio guy before this Glenn Garbond guy and he didn't know his answer from Our area from the speaker in his radio either Kevin Bastard so all of a sudden just like to probe the years ago What's that was your name that who turned to the religion writer? Oh? Linda no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no She was a radio pack curry Pat curry in fact I think somewhere wouldn't surprise me if I have that call on here Yeah, here I go here is a lady in plantation hello I nailed a pack curry with a son's and all hi Pat Or you okay, Pat It's not I was calling to and I come here sound so friendly Pat I'm a friendly kind of person. I thought you had a return my phone. I thought you I'd never get any messages to return your calls How come no no no no no now my You told me that you had my message in your hand and you'd throw it in a space when the hell was that? I was about the last lawsuit What do you mean last lawsuit? Yeah, the one that's in federal courts. You mean that crap about that the boys with a TV record? Yeah, that's that's much to do about nothing crap as spent a whole article about that Nobody gives a crap about that's embarrassing and stupid listen I was calling to invite you to the yellow feather show tomorrow to what you don't know what the yellow feather show I have no idea what that is not any attention since I'll be at Papa Park tomorrow night the Presscore and Brad County put the show on every year to lamps and local politicians Yeah, are united Bailey Hall and who cares? Well We're seeing I don't understand. I don't understand why somebody who's so bald facetly Erips this radio station every opportunity she gets and even when we had the hurricane had to go out of your way to write a little extra shot And about how great it was that the Chuck Meyer was on with the hurricane coverage We got arrest from the Oroggers and Rick and Suss and now calls and sucking around acting like a friend of ours You wouldn't know a radio if it crawled up inside your filthy disgusting body pat and you write a column about radio and in the newspaper And you're calling here sucking around with me like a friend and you wonder why wouldn't return your calls? Hmm You know I detect some negative energy. No, you don't detect negative energy you detect a hatred a disgusting nausea I was feeling so great when I came in today I hear this pet curry calling from the sun Sentinel that hates me like poison and is sucking around on a year Well listen if you'd like to come to the show I'm not coming to the show. I wouldn't come to the show if you paid me a million dollars a minute. How do you like that? Well, it was an invitation it was offered in good call up the light bulb Okay, they'll probably invite you on here again to fill some of that empty time you disgusting bitch I think it was bad curry 1113 at 560 WQM Vom is TV but a tied definition TV delivered via satellite. This is the picture is so sensational compared to regular TV It's like comparing the latest DVD to your old wedding video Vom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV It's got the most HD TV anywhere provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience Including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote and Vom's got over 30 channels of HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition at three times more than you get from cable And they've all your other favorite channels like HPO and TV even our local channels too such as they are Vom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment Vom's even got exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company So with Vom You get everything you get now plus all these awesome high-definition channels call Vom today for a little bit of time special offer call 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 86 66 here's the deal free installation no upfront cost and no long-term commitment So call 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 86 66 or check them online at boom.com to start vooming today and do it right away Because the offer ends may 31 Sismo how it is a minute, but a Hebrew home on the agent in Riverdale now you put in me and stole the Attribut to the flat out the in the paradise that it is but not for everybody That's why will my parents retire the Florida I something back to the Bronx to live at the Hebrew home at the agent for the back in 61 Not only was a cheap it but they got support. I remember my mama saying who needs fly we got to pull right here It's with me three months out of the year And quite sure they get lots of activity there like Friday night my John and Palantins races not to mention the food all of Ford let me tell you know where but the Hebrew home for the agent in Riverdale will you find soft did Joe Not the kind of turns to rubble about by it's almost like it was prepared by Don Wilson himself And they got them have mobile turrets and wheels too The Hebrew home for the agent in Riverdale a nice place to send your folks and forget about it It's 11 19 at five 60 W. You know what they're doing over there now and back there This is a comedy show of variety show pepper alley and yuck fest is what it is. They're yuckin it up I'm right 390s few votes on a pull what's your number one complaint? Let's add on there the child support system for stuttering kill in the homestead Got it? Okay, the child support system he says lots of money not enough fuck quality time with my kids every other weekends Not enough time to spend with my kid. I got a message from end going through divorce with kids cheaper to keep her is what's Suttering girl in homestead is probably not going away. He's stuttering so much. I know I don't go Voices destroying America 232 that's their number one complaint so far not even close I'm not getting enough sex 60. I'm as fat as a cow and can't lose weight Oh boy my wife isn't bisexual 25. It was George's lament I'm getting older and it sucks 22 nobody speaks English in my mean a speak at English a key 14 my boss is a whole eight South Florida drivers eight. I live in Florida three and I'm here'll just one under don't have any of it But it will they hate to hurt like poison 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM hello WQAM yeah Speaking a new I just want to call and compliment you You put on a clinic on out of verbally undress the person when that's on Sunday the lady called and I just want to know who's not Wars and what I what's that she writes in she don't write anymore. That's pan curry. That's an old tape for my OD Okay, cause I was She's the radio writer and then she became the religion writer and I don't think she's there anymore But she has a Did die cause I was in the real victory Oh, of course you would have written and response I would have been very amusing. Yeah. I It's not about that. I was confused by that nail. No, no problem. Thanks, Pally. Have a right day. She died. Yeah, I can't say No, yes, you're just making right just to cheer you up Hey, curry died pretty sure What do you mean you heard it alone time ago? Yeah, yeah, well, it's double-check it All right, fine just in case five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marlustons. She was a nasty bitch WQM hello Yes, sir To get the tape of Nick Berg without another bit on cut my what do you want to see it? For giggles yeah for giggles huh giggles this two better wasn't you WQM hello In the Complaints I have it the injustice of America with the money What does that mean That's right now don't don't push him too far I mean he blurred it out a few words there and then I'm asking him like you to explain it in of course That was a little bit too much Sir, let me just make a suggestion to you I mean do what you like but if you want justice is only one place to go don't call your own that's right That's the only place you gotta get justice you ain't gonna get in America 567560 oh and you know there's another scene in Godfather three that is just so ridiculous just before Michael has his wild diabetic car stroke in the kitchen there And Let me just tell you nearly is at the table and Connie and Vincent and Michael are the four people in the kitchen There's nobody else around And Vincent makes some whatever to hell you're talking about I don't know and Michael grabs it as don't ever let anybody know what you're thinking Right which is supposed to be like repreasing the line when Salotso was offering for them to come into the drug business and Santino Blurzot. Oh you mean to tell me that the tatties are gonna get with the R You know right and then later on after Salotso goes stalking out of there Marlon Brando's is what's a matter with you? I think here make plans to which comedy would a young girl That's where the original line was don't ever let anybody outside the family know what you're thinking again right So here's this line in the kitchen to wonder Output you know how to bed stroke after saying to bad line like that. I don't blame them well deserved WQAM hello Yes, sir That is an excellent choice sir and I can occur hardly thank you OJ is still free Halle Luyon. That's gonna need a lot of votes because we hate OJ like poison the only people like it OJ are idiots like screw in and fill us and people like that at Qm Jackson if he's Gary Sarner is he back by the way from his prevails? I ain't saying The word I'm here is that his pain might just have a little bit of a problem up there I'm just I'm just conjuring it up in my mind in fact. I got a whole a room full of candles and And sacrifice chickens. I got an evil spell. I'm pertinent at peace of turd Very certain he makes he makes time-dreckler almost human don't say anything hasty now I wonder just who's gonna be at that party? I want a full report tomorrow morning. Oh right here All right names on my arm. Yeah right bunch of names on your arm. Let's have a momento of the Qm ratings party tonight I'll take it all be there padding each other on him. Oh great job, right Perry great job right man Anybubble I was your candidate without you, huh? Especially those midget sports shows that you do man the best Wtqm hello? Hello Neo yes Hello LnTO buddy beautiful sunny and about 82 today oh Nice Hey real quick you guys talk about lecture Terry. I personally don't listen to them because they're up against Bob and Tom up here Oh, they're related to like disinteri No, but you know what that said of the guy was wrong. They you know they think if they have a decent show They're very funny they're very popular and they're gonna be a hell of a lot better than Ron and What yeah, I mean it right Ron show is his whole show was dedicated to The women and the setting up of the dates and you know it's just it got so lame at the Years I haven't listened to him in a long long time You know you were talking about John Kerry and you know saying where is he and he's not a very strong candidate and I actually have a theory as to Why it is that you're not hearing a lot first of all I think that he realizes that there's so much going on today With the Bush administration that why not just sit back and let them hang themselves More and more In second of all it now you see that that's not the way it works like an aboxing where when your pun starts staggering That's when you got a move in for the kill and he's not doing it You know the ropes and when you let somebody back up off the ropes you know what very often happens don't you? But you're also talking about that the election is still considerably a long way is off It's in November this month and Exactly now in six months you got to look at how much money each candidate has the conference that Bush has is pretty much Stealing over with money There he has to be a very precise with the money that he spends because he only has the fraction of what Bush But Bush has So for him to come out and spend it all now I'm not expecting to spend all the money and advertising right now. I'm just saying when he gets the photo ops And when he's making these speeches he's been to me very very weak very indecisive He's not laying out an alternative for Iraq and he's gonna have to do that Wow, they were talking last night one of the shows about the fact that Nader is drawn five to seven percent in a lot of these states because he's the only real anti-work candidate right now and now Kerry's gonna have to like start sucking around to his position a little bit more because he's just the two two Melee mouth I really think that the hell probably starts taking in high gear Probably about three months from the election because like I said I and I do agree with you as far as him not being a real strong candidate But I'm sure that that scares me no I understand that and I'll tell you what this whole Ralph made of thing I mean that's just disgusting because that man He sees what the condition of this country is and he knows exactly He could testicle jackass. What can I tell you but at the meantime with everything that's going on Kerry's gonna be so far ahead That the Nader fact there shouldn't even make any difference and have a great day thanks 27 after 11 at five 60 WQ and the Obama Amacres can be very confusing so many brands different model names that every store it's almost impossible to compare Plus all those phony sales fall of phony promises with strings attached you really have to be defined print Know what's going on? Which is why dialamacres is so amazing. It's the easiest possible way to buy a mattress When you call 1-800 mattress you get the best prices on the best brand with library on your schedule and the best customer service in the business Why would you want to shop anywhere else dialamacres won the 2004 better business bureau local torture ward for excellence Because they were harder than anybody else anywhere to earn your business before during and after the sale too When you call 1-800 mattress and talk to one of their expert betting consultants You can rest assured that you're getting the best possible deal and best mattress anywhere In fact they got all the top names in a business that got silly Sort of Simmons King Coral tempered ptik Stewards and foster two dialamacres takes same the orders all day long from kettle of steward palm beach to Ford Myers from Ojust to Alec wippa Call 1-800 mattress right now and pick the date into our liver window when you want your mattress delivered and guess what they'll be there There are on-time record of 99.7% is positively Bailey I've been a satisfied dialamacres customer for years and you will be too once you make that easy call the first time You'd never think of buying a mattress any other way call 1-800 mattress That's 1-800 mattress a long under their website Macris dot com dialamacres 1-800-m-a-t-t-r-e-s the easiest possible way to get to a great night Call 1-800-m-a-t-r-e-s the easiest possible way to get to a great night Let's up you summer prisoners make them scream nice and loud Get me some worse and a factory pack I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used You choose to the torture Cause we're just playing their game in the past It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying Flip a 31 at 5.60. W W Come we got the mad they'll come on a two today For a clock you got the hipper from Baltimore from the pre-chorus Seven o'clock it's the crow A little half hour pre-game show there for the crow What do you know crow? Marlon's on deck at 730 for the pre-game show And in the 805 Marlon's at the Astros Any cave from Vegas tonight following a Marlon baseball Here's a fact that says my biggest complaint is Did Mohawri David at a steaming oxygen from you Of from us humans that miserable There's what it says Can't read that word And anyway how about let's put Mohawri David at a still on the air Okay, you think Why not? Yeah Mohawri David at a little one there That'll get some boats don't forget join WQM in the real the Yellow pages from Bells out today noon till one at Cartronics That said 139 81 South Xe Highway stop by it through a win-mark that's a pickup It just says to pick up I guess you have to spin the viewer nothing there It's a pickup When it doubts to sum up pick up some Marlon Astro tickets and Keynes baseball tickets It's starting at noon at Cartronics in Miami 139 81 South Xe Highway I bet your McGill's gonna be in on that thing Thank Must be Or some or maybe Huh or someone or someone maybe a Dorino come back until but we're praying not and then joined the big Oh at four today four to six at the new Seminal Hard Rock casino Hollywood stop by to spin that wheel my win some prizes That's at the new Seminal Hard Rock casino with the big four four to six this afternoon This is quite a story here about from the Gainesville sun Yellow butts and bounded poster leads to jail They say one man's trash is another man's treasure but in the case of a post-e design by a local anti-war demonstrator One man's political statement is another man's pornography says the Gainesville sun The poster in question which landed the demonstrator in jail for night is about five feet wide Four feet high features an honest guy drawing over human form with its head buried in the sand They presumably male figures on his knees with his rear in the air and protruding from his raised behind is a flagpole Flying a building building American flag Above the figure are written awards bush loyalists along the bottom is written question authority The designer of the poster 56 year old Charles Chaz Kyoto of high springs Says he intended no harm or a fence when decided to create the poster he said it was simply exercising his right to free speech free speech. What's that you nuts? People I know who I think are reasonable people. I don't think whatever considerate of scene-apportographic sub-cue to a local activist and Vietnam veteran But Gainesville police sergeant Robert Koder thought differently when he saw the poster raise two-day afternoon a busy intersection of University and Northwest 13 street in Gainesville Koder said he had spoken with Kyoto about his sign on previous occasion about two months ago and warned him that the poster was obscene any illegal When Koder approached Kyoto on Tuesday again warned him that his sign was illegal and he would have to lower their vote of jail He didn't even have to walk away. He just had to put the sign away Koder said but Koder said Kyoto refused several times to put his sign away And so he arrested him and transport him to the Alancho County jail Koder said he saw children in passing cars glance at the poster leading him to charge Kyoto exposing minors to have seen material cut of the police report. What a bunch of red necks As you know, we don't have a problem with people exercising their constitutional rights Corporal art actin said, but if there's offensive material that could be viewed by a child, we're gonna take action on it Kiora's lawyer Gainesville criminal offensive attorney Jeffrey Mason, no kin to Perry, city's competent to poster was solely a political statement will not be ruled obscene Though no one of the state attorneys office could be beat for common Mason city doesn't especially Kyoto to be prosecuted He has the first member right to do what he did and it wasn't obscene said Mason who's defending Kiora and be have the Gainesville chapter of the National Lawyers Guild Members of the local chapter of the ACU are not pleased with Kiora's arrest and said they'll discuss the case that their meeting which was yesterday and hopefully they're on it We would most likely see this as an infringement on the right to speak freely and criticize the government the way that this person saw fit said Mark Mayfield Relation to Curtis by chairman of the local ACU having seen the poster many times. I can't understand how that possibly could be deemed obscene on a personal level Kiora said he's received a few complaints about his semides said most people applaud him At a protest in Washington DC Kiora said hundreds of people wanted a picture with the sign I get all kinds of people blowing their horns and give me the thumbs up he said a Kiora said that once his cases resolve he'll be right back out on street corners waving a sign proudly I'm planning on making a bunch of them he said I've got to it's my duty nice going there baby. You do it you go try it chance Right right on right 567560 pound five 60 on the 1810 Verizon wireless line what's your number one complaint and so far bushes destroying America and people are pissed off and fired up about it W Q a and hello Q a m You know pretty good a couple things the first for the poll. I don't know if you guys get it. I left a little bit corrupt college decisions Okay, politicians can now listen to you know them second thing is I don't know about you, but I was like really disappointed with last I told them I mean it was like watch out watch it long time I don't watch it. Really got disappointing man I didn't watch it them between that and missing the curl burnets you. I feel like my life is on a Thank you Thank you, I know is paling say how do well. What's his name again? See I don't even know what his name is anymore. Just model. I don't know don't tell me Okay, superman Clark Kent. No, sir. So I can't think of what his name is the actor anymore, which goes to show you how to set out a mind He's fine. He's okay and land as she's all right. He's no she's all right. All right. I mean she ain't no Linda England All right, but then who is exactly? That's bad that I can't think of his name. I go to show you that my radio Alzheimer's is kicking it again I'm just small I'm not a man you gave it away. That's a good. That's not good Tom Welling's got a swelling. You can't say that anymore And here it's on his dome. That's what I'm hearing five six seven oh five sixty pound five see if you wouldn't have given me the clue I would never even thought about it outside out of mind. Just small potatoes small real potatoes Especially for a guy that big with size 16 feet very QM hello. I Think we ought to have a chat with Ron today, you know Ron Night see you won't do it. Oh, we can't that's because Mama Sita is sitting back there grabbing a phone and slam it It down. I was just gonna have a chat and tell that one look at Brotsie comes to the house and beats him over to the baseball That was your hope because there were there's no sets. There's no feeling Ron don't take it personal WQA and hello They just conflamed the humidity The humidity okay, it's kind of boring, but we'll put it on there. It's too humid. Oh, you're human. Huh? Oh, it's so humid. Yeah He's right people who are stuck there in a summer time they can't stand it. I like it's 82 or three here today But in a real human. Let me take a puke at the weather thing here in case cash turnover is less these very big on the Toronto weather Events over whether she's 22 it's 72 right now, but it's gonna be all around to 29 which is like 84 85 I think So I'm gonna pretty pretty hot today. No chance of rain the UV edX is nine point. Oh, very high I mean bright sun out of cloud this guy. In fact, there's a smog advisory. I'm so glad you asked And that bad Yeah, smog advisory when it gets hot and a little bit on the human side and see he's it's a little he's you out there. Looks like a purple haze Current temperature 22 is it ever got a tell us what the humidity is on here is this thing just gonna go Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop huma next 28 so it's pretty on the human side Now what did I get in the bat? For fun for podcasts for no sure say why the old for cash turnover in case he's listening Well, cuz the other person asking what the weather is like here. It's beautiful. It's great and the best part of it is in a Florida All right, it ain't gainsville and ain't Yahooville All in mugwums in Florida There ain't nothing wrong with Florida just the people it needs the people transplant I've been telling you that for many years People transplant time bring in busloads and take all bunch of busloads of people out Take all the old Jews the old sticks and get them out went and now bring in some living and breathing people We'll give her crap about is we or speak in Spanish Then we might have something there. See what I'm saying no by the white you're right. It's stick OJ in a back of the bus Not because he's black, but just because that way who keep more from everybody on All men 20 till noon a QAM when you shop for quality footwear There's one name that immediately pops just like that right in your mind. It's brandy shoes In pumping up because it brandies for years and years now They've offered you the largest selection of both men's and women choose the best service and the best prices in town period At Brandy's they got top quality names not off branch you never heard of before But they got rock port floor shine S.A.S. Spirit Timberland naturalizer and lots more Whether who manga selection you can just about that. Duffling these life on it The exactly the style is you're looking for his in stock right now in your size When you just laugh on yours or dofts feet in fact people on the way keep coming back to Brandy's year after year But they usually buy several pair on each visit Brandy's open daily 99 nine Sundays 10 to five You'll find about 12 90 North federal highway in Palpatobitsin always worth the trip because they're gonna save you so much cash And they got exactly what you're looking for waiting for you right now all this weekend Brandy's It's a great time to buy unbeatable new balance shoes In fact, you know something I think I need a new pair of my new balance Work on that I'm just honey right now. We're coming. We have the ready more. Okay, who don't have them? I don't think they're out with us anymore, but Brandy sells new balance shoes. Are you following this now? Man you better get with it mister because you sure I got your nose out of joint all great But you're got a joint and Josh wants to share it all great men's women styles 20% off a new balance this week at Brandy So come into the store for sure or visit them on the web at Brandy's shoes dot com If you blow too much you're in trouble Voices for this week's episode were recorded in match-a-home March I'm home. I want to serve a sa Oh, I mean Dear sorry for me. What there is no more beer in the refrigerator Don't stupid with the refrigerator I can't buy don't have a cow man, but why can't you be more nice like your sister Lisa? Why is father? So said me in a confiliated Tony. He's the honey. We can't afford a pony How bad a little don't you? You know a border More mobility Don't you know a little don't you is call a boy? Hmm for it To their next week when all the Simpson boys will be outsourced to India Neither who is being that man and sector Z Oh, that is being homerese That this is being Hey Do they say something about how bad a little ass? I thought I said that 1146 14 till noon is 560 WCM. What's your number one complaint bushes destroying America? 290 I'm not getting enough sex 70 I'm fat as a cow and can't lose weight 38 My wife isn't by sexual 31. I'm getting older in at 629 Nobody speaks English in Miami 19 my bosses a whole 12 South Florida drivers 11. I live in Florida 6. Low Howard David had still on the years got 3. I'd hear like that The mommy here. Oh, it's got one child support system one none yet for O. J. is still free or it's too freaking humid here out of 500 lovin votes time fascism and says Meaning in regard to your girlfriend Linda England. Yes. 11 worth his two lip for that bitch even with hard labor She needs to be sent to Siberia Even better send it any South American jail all the guards doing those jail so keep the prisoners inside the walls I see only one way she can save herself and that's the rat on the higher ups that she claims order All these things Okay, kind of right amount went it out do it, Linda You know, it's how coys she was being about them. Well, the people on the higher on the chamber 30 We're hiring a food chain which of course in her case would be just about anybody Mullisx Local priest on leave an online child sex probe Speaking of the food chain The pastor of St. Charles bought a male Catholic church in Loma, Portel, California is taking a leave of absence After a federal aloco 30 search the uh served the search warrant may six the church orfices As part of an investigation into sexual exploitation of children on the internet the 30 said Father Gary Holti announced his leave after agents from the US Bureau of Immigration and Customs and Forceman and San Diego police Serve the warrant and cease computers and files from the parish office There have been no arrest and no charges filed but the investigation is ongoing San Diego police sergeant David Jones who supervises the department's task force on internet crimes against Chillan the search warrant remains sealed Rodrigo Valdevia, Chancellor for the Roman Catholic Dices San Diego said in the Stagast at Valdevia Said the statement that both the Dices in the parish are cooperating with investigators said Holti had voluntarily accepted the leave The Dices later how the next new news conference in the past will send her but she had little light on the situation saying we know very little The Chancellor confirmed that the pornographic material about a 30s were searching for includes images of miners adding This was a total surprise to us Perisher or Academy of Inhermed Bell to be a set saying that the priest did not have a world to school Holti is left alone on portals parish residents and as in an undisclosed location Valdevia said he is reportedly retained legal counsel But cannot be immediately reached for comment can't imagine why is it an undisclosed location Maybe what I ask Father Gagan Sources with the Department of Homeland Security and Washington DC citizens were looking at these these computers Revitence of child pornographer Poor Niagara for a kitty porn these sources also said the program involved about 30 people about 30 man and San Diego I'm under how many more priests of those 30 people about But another isolated incident Let's say here's the facts from chip who says my brothers are Republican Bush loving fascist I bet I'm not alone and what is rush isn't also spelled fascist Hey, it says what is a rush isn't also spelled fascist? I don't ask me. I don't know Hey, got no idea five six seven oh five 60. Yes chip is just kind of losing these looking around the things and you say oh Sky is falling line nine WQM hello Yes, sir You need for your poll the mosquitoes are decisive 747 already I got sitting four times last night Oh, watch after that. West now. It's vile Exactly and we'll make you lose vile I have a good way talking a while you'll feel like you okay? What do you say the mosquitoes? China mosquitoes See that's why people bail out a floor in the course Georgia is telling me yesterday that there's no traffic no mold because they're in anybody there I mean they have bail anybody it's gonna bail by now you think right? Oh, yeah Cuz it's May 13 It's hot and they start right around Easter pass over time. I tell you this here. Be your number right? They start at that point and then each week as it gets a little hotter and a little bit hotter and a little more humid and a little more Inservable and as the mosquitoes go to the size first of it a great fruits and comequats in the size of bowling balls And then of course is the humidity gets up to like 110% that's when people start saying let me out of here, please And then the only people left there are the people who just have no choice like George and Josh on now once just go to Vegas tomorrow Are you serious? I'm serious. Before my second powers are absolutely Daily even I even shocked myself sometime you're leaving tomorrow that I am So who's doing the show? Are you leaving after the show? No, we got somebody filling in we got that Sean guy That you and I was that I trained them all this week here doing what run on the board. I sure hope definitely training them That I don't know Oh He I just said he would break him in. I don't know what they meant See you're leaving for Vegas tomorrow for how long just for like a long weekend come back Monday. I see Well, listen plunge your brains out and if you wouldn't like that 60s We made an dollar jackpot on a slots or something you keep your close personal friends in mind, okay? No problem just throw a little bone or something. Can we still say that? No, throw something right now Diabol chief says letter for bush was a mistake. This is just enough to make you want to pee your pants in the international hero tribune Walden Odell No can probably the digger Odell you think who? Walden Odell the chairman and chief executive of Diabol is said there was a huge mistake for him as Then of a voting machine company to express support for president George W. Bush's reelection in a fundraising letter last year Odell and a meeting with reporters and editors from New York Times on Monday also said Diabol was working to address computer security problems and build voter confidence in its wares Oh, man He apologized for mistakes instead of for what he said the company had done right The country had a deep crisis after the 2000 election to broccoli said his company realized that it could help It would be an opportunity to serve and it would be a good business. Oh, Odell drew criticism as company in August when he sent invitation to a fundraising party that said I am committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year He said he had not written the letter himself that we declined to say who had he added that he intended only to sign a party invitation I'm committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year This is the chairman and CE Oh, of Diabol the company that makes the frickin voting machines Oh, what's one thing got to do with the other Odell said he had since dropped out of all political activity that the company would not support political parties while it was in the voting business Right, he said he couldn't discuss California which on April 30 But good man prohibited the use of Diabol's machines in four counties for the November election the California Secretary of State Kevin Shelley's Asked attorney general investigate whether Diabol should face criminal charges Reading carefully from a statement Odell said Diabol intends to fully cooperate with the attorney general and his investigation of the Secretary of State's Concerns yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyada in a partnership week-wink no genudge not not not I'd do like that sent a letter unbelievable Saying I'm committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year In August I've last year Don't mean nothing no now we trust those vote machines knowing oh, yeah We know that we never fixed no election especially in Florida man where the experts we want to see the judge again the judge with those bug bug guys You know we want to see him look at it that hang in chat again just staring up there at the light What's your number one complaint bushes destroying America 306 I'm not getting enough sex 76 I'm fan is a cow and can't lose weight 38 and they're so great And don't be late for lunch I'm getting older and it sucks 35 my wife isn't bisexual 33 and George is really porked off about that Yeah, nobody speaks English in my me 22 my boss is a major Whole 14 South Florida drivers 14 I live in Florida seven people not too pleased about that. No Howard David I'd still on the year for the trial support system to the mommy hills got only one and none yet for its two human or OJs deal free Maybe this start like you know What five bucks? God's be by God's with OJ what do you think? No, come to QAM hello WQAM hello Yes, sir, but big it's compliant in the direction 567. Oh 560 Oh Man That whole town they're gathered around their radio's today. They got him just cranked up as loud as you can get him, you know the whole town Yeah, I'm I'm telling you right now if I'm not telling I'm smelling it WQAM hello New Rogers yes, sir Article little earlier better I'm yourself for the belt. Yes, what's that in today's paper? Who's in yesterday's mommy here old? yesterday's mommy here. Oh, yes, sir Okay, I guess you just want to know huh? Okay What I don't get it. No, that's it. You don't get what? We he wanted to wear the hell that story was from it was in yesterday's hero that's on our website I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure I'm a local story. I'm sure every day they have an update about it right and there you go Well, he just concerned he wants to find out a little bit more boated. I guess I don't know or maybe he just a little hung over four minutes still noon at five 60 WQM spring at a savings right now and save like never before on a great new car or truck from arm strong Toyota of homestead The RIN US 1 20 minutes out of the 36 and Armstrong Toyota homestead's worth the drive because they're gonna save you so much cash Thousands and Zidians on great new Toyota's check out the great least deals in O4 camera 400 just 269 a month before the advance how about an O4 Highlander just 309 a month needed truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in the USA just a hundred 79 a month before 48 months and these are just a few of the savings waiting for you right now at arm strong Toyota Of homestead general manager David rich in the staff who do just about anything out of the sun to help get you into a new Toyota today So experience the arm strong Toyota of homestead difference They're locally owned and operated committed to 100% customer satisfaction the service department has even opened late to late week Nice to make sure they get all your stuff done for you easy to find him the right at the corner of US one in Two 93rd street in homestead just 20 minutes south of the eight thirty six in mobile work to drive especially when the Arcade things like this they offer your free tires Batteries and replacement parts for life. That's correct at arm strong Toyota homestead tires batteries and free parts for life Nobody know where does that so forget about those big screaming mega dealers and car giants who shout and carry on To make all kinds of promises and let you down call David rich. He's the GM and arm strong Toyota homestead for real honest to goodness Unbeatable deal call 305 24232 47 305 242 3247 Travel little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at Toyota of homestead Stay Goldstein if you can call me down. See whenever I'm in town. I listen to maybe been an I am in town It's the 12th to one hour Four of facing certain debt our soldiers and corporate mercenary sit down to a laurel and hearty breakfast Provided by the good folks at Kellogg Brown and Ruth subsidiary of Heldrith They start their day the Kellogg Brown and Ruth way with all the nutrition of a well balanced breakfast Right grease to keep them regular on the battlefield blood into salad for iron and Rotted meat to help prevent gout. Heavy our study show that rest driving provide goutting up for strong Healthy bone to help prevent annoying rattling in the coffins on the trip home. It's KDR's mission to sense applies in when it's not too dangerous Our soldiers are aware of the sacrifice they must make the restore democracy where it never existed and hope they live long enough to enjoy a boxed What Kellogg Brown and Ruth thanks all of you for your continued support of our troops by looking each other way Oh Come known at five sixty W. K. M. the wildly popular Jim managed to mad doggy to the Humper from mother prick this at Baltimore for and then the crow It's seven because we got a half hour to fill before the game Beth Facts is and says my biggest complaint is the loss of the farts on your radio show Oh my god after over quarter centuries and you're Rogers fans like the end of an era and Beth you are absolutely correct Woss of farts on the show got that we got it No moss no more gas Morey down rights in the or times it's on our website, but I'm gonna read it. She's great. I love marine dog I think I might even know most of the words in his article too. Well, we'll see We'll see how much I can fumble and bumble through it She says testifying before the senti yesterday general Richard Myers admitted that we're check waited in Iraq There's no way to militarily lose in Iraq. He said describing the general consensus There's also no way to militarily win in Iraq Talk about the sound of one handclaping and they say John Kerry is on both sides of issues Sounding like Mr. Kerry general Myers summed up this process has to be internationalized The U.N. has to play the governance rule. That's how we're in my view eventually gonna win The administration's the minted quest to conquer era parts and minds has dissolved in a Torrid of pornography denigrating other parts of the urban enemy George Bush who swept an office on a cloud of moral umbridge now has his own site scandal One with far greater implications than titillating cigar jokes The bush hawk so fixated on making the Middle East look more like America have made America look unamerican Should we really be reduced to defending ourselves by saying at least we don't be hid people? Grouped in a I can't look at them. I've got to look at them state of mind Lawmakers grimly filed into private screening rooms on the hill to check out the 1800 Grotesque images of sex humiliation and torture They're disgusting centered die and fine-stuying told me if somebody wanted a plan of clashes Civilizations this is how they do it these pictures play into every stereotype of America that herbs have America as debuts America's hypocrites Cheney and rumstrosa the mulfur with act like they know all the answers almost like a divine right She said they don't have a divine right and they are wrong After 9 11 America had the support and sympathy of the world now a wash and digital evidence of unscivilized behavior America has coared into a war civilizations The pictures were clearly meant to use the code book of Muslim anxieties about new to the Insexual and gender humiliation to break down the prisoners Senator Benlight horse Campbell said some photograph seem to show Iraqi women being commanded to expose their breasts such debasement after war that prison abortion partly based on women's rights The problem of course is that the war in Iraq started with lies that Sodom's WMD We're engaging our security and that Sodom was length of al-Qaeda and 9 11 In a public relations move that cheapens the heroisome of soldiers the Pentagon merged the metals for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq Giving the GWOT metal for global war on terrorism in both wars to reinforce the idea that we had to invade Iraq to Quell terrorism the truth is our invasion of Iraq spurred terrorism there and around the world That initial deception had long rushed to throw off international conventions and old alliances and Nambi pame institutions like the UN and the Red Cross let's straight to the abuses of Abu Graib Now the question is whether the CIA tortured al-Qaeda operatives Officials blurred the lines to justify ideological decisions calling every Iraqi who opposed us at terrorist Conducting rough interrogations perhaps to find the non-existent WMD so they wouldn't look foolish Rolling all opposition into one scary terrorist ball that did not require sensitivity the Geneva conventions or humanitarian Dougars to use the phrase of gender Senator James in half a Republican from Oklahoma Senator Fritz Hollings made it clear yesterday that Rummy has left us undermined an untrained and Iraq another Factor in the torture scandal now in a country of 25 million who tried to secure it with 135 thousand School of Mr. Rumsfeld adding we're trying to win the hearts and minds as we're killing them and torturing them At least he said so are castorfully gentle William Westmoreland never asked to be at com general to take the town like we have for philuca We asked the end we've asked the enemy general to take the town The Hawks who promised his garlands interaction or we called the words of history and Daniel Borsden who warned that planning for the future Without a sense of history is like planting cut flowers Marine dad the New York time today it's on our website you go girl. Oh I was gonna say that he's got what is it? I was gonna say you go girl. That's what I said I got another real good one two from the nation. I guess I'll save it for a little bit later exporting America's prison problems by Dan Frost About what are the his slime balls that they sent over there to Iraq? It's really something plus that general Miller He doesn't even mention him in there that they sent from getmo so he could get my eyes the prisons over there in Iraq You know and give them what what folic you're like and get mo 560 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's your number one complaint? That's our poll question today WQM hello Neil yes, sir. How you doing today pretty good? I was just listening to what you're just reading by Marine Dow. She's great. I love her and I'm looking at the polls. You know and I cannot believe I mean I've been watching following politics since I was a teenager I'm like 46 And I've never seen everything this administration has done is gone wrong everything right and there's still 45 40 people Wolk which still support the president everything they have touched has gone bad right they got the minus touching me First everything they touched turns to that and if everything they do everything they say is all in the up and up and good for us Why are they so secretive about everything? You know what they remind me of they remind me of Greg read it QA. I'm just kind of really I'm not seriously they they do everything wrong and at the end of the day they come out smelling like a rose I just don't get it. I don't know if it's the median That's the that's the lead part of it. That's a big part of it if you were watching the CNN the Cable Nazi network right now if you could see the way that they're going on about the great risk that the Bush administration took in sending Rumsfeld in general Myers to a Baghdad and this very I mean just just not I know He can at a tile could see what a dog and pony show what a this but attempted is to save face CNN's not the best but I do I haven't watching Lou Dobbs. I don't know if you watch him at all. Oh He seems fairly fair to me. No, he's not now. You don't think so now the only thing he he lights down to this Outsharsing a job thing and he's made like a whole life crusade out of that, but aside from that he's been a real Bush looker all along And I can't give you a complaint to the pole. Yes, sir that commercial about the flyer drives me absolutely crazy The flyer the flyer Oh It's awful. I don't know who thought that one up, but I can't stand the flyers myself. Maybe try a great day, pal. Take care now. See you go 10th of A baby straight your act ass out That John toward a lenie man. He's got a big mouth 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line Yeah, you should hear the way that they were carrying on him. Oh my gosh the Bush administration taking a great risk And really you know the balls he move a sin all they're trying to do is just cover their ass after this unbelievable 8 or 9 days of embarrassment and of course there's sending people like right wingers like in half and others around All we're outraged by the outrage and the media's covered this too much. Why shouldn't the media cover it so much? My night Shut up. Yeah, exactly. Why now should they be covering it? What would be the only supposed to show all the parades and we mean the right next thing? You know that we show no damn draped coffins again See those of us who live through if he had now we know how the media are we used them and appealing And what about your ass-lickers? They are we know all about that. They're not full on me And then finally when Bush comes to show them finally when the things come out that are really Going on and the motives come out of what this was really all about and they have no more excuse to keep defending the indefesible Then they say oh well wait a minute hold on now. This is bad Just like Vietnam 158,000 kids came home and body bags. I mean what all this business about the humiliation and torture What kind of a society is America become when we have still little regards for human life including our own that's the thing that frost my ass All these kids were sent it over there. They're they're just numbers on a sheet of paper somewhere And then we got more ons like Tom Jick or writing a thing in this question and answer a thing which you'll be out on Sunday It's on the website in the Sun Sentinel Ripping ABC and Ted Koppel for real names are why did they do you know they had the right to do it boy They just tell us what they were doing. Yeah, it was just exploitation. They were just exploiting all those dead kids. I reading their names on there Tom, I'm gonna tell you man. I really ruled the day that I emailed him and got him involved and actually time a couple conversations with Tom Jick I regret that day Because you man are an idiot and your true colors really show there. Oh, yeah, I mean They were trying to get people to tune in and watch well, isn't that what everybody is doing? Is that what you doing? You're right your stupid ass columns about Fraser for going off the year after 800 years the 80 fifth column about Fraser You're trying to get people to open up the paper and read it you idiot But there always has to be some sinister motor behind it. They're trying to make the bush people look bad They're trying to point out something they American people as long overdue that these are real living and reading people with a face in a name With mothers and fathers and wives and husbands and sisters and sons and daughters Real living and reading people not just a name on a piece of paper somewhere Man, oh man, what a mealy moth freaking media. We got in America and that's the only reason that this continues going on. It's pathetic. It's tragic And it comes as no surprise to me that most of your booksters probably aren't even carrying this book because it's it's published by a Canadian publisher It's free to court books Spinning on the access of evil America's war against or racked by Scott Taylor who doesn't pull any punches not just about a rack But about Kosovo about all of the crap that's been going on for years and years and years all of the lies all of the horrendous Grow test butchery of human people just the pictures of infancy and he relans gonna make a puker guts out the stories about the depleted uranium Here's a picture of a bunch of Iraqi bodies Says Iraqi soldiers killing kill following following combat with a British desert rats brigade during operation desert storm The British commander warned his colleagues not to draw any tactical conclusions based on such a one-sided affair The soldiers were like weeping because there was like no defense. I mean talk about uh Yeah, it would be like having fat boys stepping on Maddie Bell, you know same thing But anyway 560 pound 560 on the AT&T of Ryzen wireless line WAM hello I'm ill Yes, I agree with that last call or talked about O.J Not saying nut factory areas sounds like Reverend Jones to me. Oh, yeah The bad phony accent W. K. M. Hello 2 AM And here. Yes, there another phony accent to him 567. Oh, 560. That seems to be the new deal here lately is the four reactions We had two fantastic great calls the last two days one from the gables up here where the one was yesterday When they don't know they're out in the ear and they're talking in perfect normal voice then as soon as they know there Hey, hey, I when you talk about the I Yeah, I mean I Be the I'm gonna talk about the Wow Soft Florida baby you can't complain about the collective IQ and soft Florida because it's the big oh What it is make no mistake about it Speak out of the big He'll be at the new seminal hard rock casino in Hollywood for the 60s amp the note stop by the wind the prize wheel for some of our crappy Very inexpensive and very I am very secure and prizes that's at the new seminal hard rock casino with the big oh order six the soft in Come on as past no to QAM Vomus TV but not just your ordinary pedestrian regular TV it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish D recir the picture is so clear so superior to regular TV it's like comparing the latest DVD to old footage of Tom Edison Vomus the only entertainment system design for high definition TV it's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides all the equipment The society went to the ultimate HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote control even and What's so not to like whoom's got over 30 channels What's the programming? HD programming can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more than you get from cable and they've all your other favorite channels like HB on MTV even our local channels Like I said before such as they are and we apologize Vomus got over 120 channels of great entertainment Vomue even has exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you cannot get from your cable or satellite company So with Vomue you get everything you got now plus these awesome high definition channels What's the sense of going out and spending a lot of money on HD TV set if you don't have something to watch call Vom today toll free one eight six six eight four eight eight six sixty six or visit Vomue.com for limited time offer which includes free installation no upfront cost no long-term commitment call 1 866 848 86 66 or their website again is Vomue.com to start booming right away offer ends may 31 so get rid of always I It's my sheet, from the night beneath, Give the night I am a guy, The friend seemed for the birthday piece. I've got to think of a time In plastic surgery life, Come a moment we show Follow it by tomorrow, I hear my phone The fun dudes I know where to go And the next thing you know I'm looking at the man in the prison He's asking me to spend the play Welcome And no one listens to the man And he grew up If you want to make your world I've got to place Michael Robb's open And then this way Oh! Probably 10 to 5 60 WMS Website that was suggested from Patrick Thank you Patrick, we couldn't play that on the air Because it's got every kind of Poor that it was invented It's about to say that it's an anti-busher It's the best, your right Patrick, it's great Do you look at it? No, look at the website No, I mean it's a long no, but it's worth it I mean you have to type in that whole URL there Blackstar is blog.com slash bush 41.2.swf It's almost worth putting on our website You know what? Yeah They don't enjoy it, I guarantee you Maybe you could like facts that to Eric I And he can make a link to it Because it's so as worth it Somebody obviously put a lot of work in there And you can watch the video and listen to the audio And every other word is great Thanks Patrick, nice going baby It's on its way Alright 5 6705 60 or hear some good news The Walt Disney company and the co-chiefs of Miromax films are near a deal that would allow director Michael more to find a new distributor for his controversial documentary Theron height 911 company officials say yes today I totally it's going to get done Disney Miromax's parent company had refused to release the film that Chronicles America's Reactor the September of the Tax and Lakes US president George W. Bush's family and prominence Saudis that include the family of Osama Yamanov in Laden The film is set to be ready to can film festival which began yesterday in the French River of City Miromax spokesman Matthew Hiltzick said Disney had agreed to sell rights to Morris Film to Miromax Cochip executives Harvey Weinstein and his brother Bob Weinstein who could then go out and fight in the distributes so he don't know how to pronounce it in their two brothers He just pronounced it both ways He's going to be Weinstein That's probably Weinstein Frankenstein But Disney spokesman characterized the parties there's still being negotiations but they're going to get it done We're very happy that Disney's agreed to sell fair and high 911 to Bob and Harvey Hiltzick's Senate statement Bob and Harvey look forward to promptly completing this transaction Yati got it and also talks about the fact that In 1999 the Weinstein's made a deal similar for the movie dogma and which director Kevin Smith Challenge Catholic Documents raising the ira of some church groups You see you can't offend the church you can't offend the administration You can't offend anybody by telling the truth and movie where it's a hell of a thing to get a maid Which is why Michael Moore had to make volume for collabine here in Canada Right can't do that can't do that in America because too much truth ain't a good thing You know what you can do what's that kill some people do worry more doing a good job of that In that arrangement the Weinstein's brought the rights to dogma from Miramax But Disney's agreement then signed their own deal to have independent film company Lions gate entertainment group Release the movie detavers dogma which was worthwhile That was before Ben Affleck became such a puss And of course he was still hanging around with his boyfriend Matt Damon and her soys in a better frame of mind And that was and of course George Carlin was in her head the great line of a But you had M. Atayman was bitching about the church if they would have just let us emancipate Why can't you use the terms of you he didn't say that But anyway, it's a wartsian dog. That's not great, but it's okay. It's no it's okay. It's just got stuff that doesn't need. Yeah too much of a wasted time and too much crap. I mean Chris Rock, we did not need to be in that movie No, you think neither did it. Even though I like him a lot neither did Salma They didn't add anything Now what's your number one complaint? That's our full question. It gave me a chance to get out of your uh, get some steam out of your ass Bush is destroying America 345 53.1% of the audience. They got their thumbs right on it baby Bush is destroying America everything that we stand for our economy our values our freedoms you name it. He's screwing it. He's sticking it to us I'm not getting enough sex 89 I'm fan is a cow and can't lose weight 42. That's me. That part of Hagen does rocky road yesterday I think put me into a bad way. You kidding what? Well, at least it wasn't another part of Ben and Jerry's like I had on Tuesday. Yeah, that's worse. I had coffee coffee crunch on Tuesday. Oh, I'm let me tell you let me warn you Since we're on one of my favorite subjects ice cream Ben and Jerry's is also I mean why not then everybody else is doing it they jumped out of this low car bandwagon You know yeah, and in my store I you know I took a peek to see what flavors were available And I looked at the ingredients and all of a sudden I went because I saw that that's what's over to tell us What are the superlose one of those you know one of the tops. Oh boy What are those that makes you want to stay real close to home for many many hours and wish you were never born just really Hemorrhoid inducing may we interrupt us talking about food to think on occasion disturbing for what to think Tony's for bringing us in food Because does has some guests and wanted us to feed them for free and so we did Doff has some guests and he wanted you to feed his guests for free right? Well, how about that and then of course he's going to go to night to the staff ratings party, which he has nothing to do with He's ready. I'm going to like be eating up all that free food too. Right. He knows how to work it. Yeah, he knows how to work it. That's what the Josh told me Care Josh Darrell right no Josh Cortis Come back Josh Don't go anywhere where was I before we got off on this food thing about better But anyway, so don't don't kid sucked into that or any of those like the acorns and dogs I'm if you don't have the sensitive stomach. I'm very jealous of those people in fact I can lose a real ton of weight if I didn't have the irritable bowel and this I probably shouldn't say that irritable Back home and all these other spastic stomach conditions because I just can't eat those things with all that sorbet Hall and Multitall and Manitall and crap at all. I just can't do it. I mean it just since my stomach and his spastic Contusions and I spend time with a very painful Defication they've been talking a lot about syndrome x on the news down here. What is that that's if you're fat you're gonna die Basically the bottom line. Oh look your friends and your brother right exactly Yeah Well, what does that mean syndrome max that if you if you have the propensity to put on a Adominal fat then that also means that you will have high blood pressure diabetes That's what's under gonna die don't have no heart disease though my heart's pretty good I knew like that it's a miracle must be in my genes. Yeah, that's what they're saying that it's genetic. Great much in my genes But there might be what it is Anyway, let's get back what's your number one complaint? Push this is drug America 353. I'm not getting enough sex 89. I'm fat as a cow can't lose weight 43 I'm getting older and it sucks everything whites 38 My wife isn't bisexual 36 damn it nobody's speaking in lace in Miami. Look how many votes that's got So software drivers 19 my bosses are real 14 I live in Florida 14 loss of fart sounds on the show 10 10 already we just put that on there Nice going Beth More Howard David it's still on the year eight the charge of port system of three OJ Simpson's still free to the hero the only one. It's two human and giant mosquitoes have got oh out of 60 we need just six more votes for six six baby. I take crystal I keep well two better. It's already six 70 on yours. Yeah, damn it Well, that's a good home and if it stopped at 66 that would have been out of a head of buy rumors lunch today I know the audience is wondering how the hell can the rumors rub you buy them lunch when you're in Toronto Well, guess what they're here They're here the rumors are here. Oh no, Neo Please tell us you just making this a joke now Now the river sun works. I totally works at the fan one of the radio stations here and doing a good job He's engaged got nice girl crime, but they won't leave Malone. I keep to I can't stand parents to keep chasing their kids around it Just want a smaller than them and keep chasing them around you know, I mean. Oh, yeah, I don't even yeah And so here they are and of course my being here. That's just the extra frosting on a cake Which gives them a great opportunity to maybe dissect it in for lunch. Who do you think's buying? Here's a fact from somebody in Jupiter. It says like you have a big fan of marine dad. You also see I know I will not read Thomas Friedman's any article, okay? Because you can't it's a defined a group here took some shots at the Bush administration This is a guy who has no credibility all of this time and all of a sudden we're gonna say oh gee finally said something that made sense I don't I'm not buying concrete no keys in idiot he is a More on right well said Chris. I've got money Chris more man. He was the best red attack red attack stew pandas Well, what a whole he was You know the playback play people on this radio station over the years we've sure had some really bizarre people and the jigsmider does McDonald the old McDonald He's retired a real legend and a built-in's mind Kick this ass out of this time after two years. I mean really hated him like poison here And we got Dave and boring who is live enough to his name anyway Let me tell you right now you've heard us talk about fast ran all of these shows for a long time And you probably wanted it maybe this is something that can help you out Well why not check it out when and out because the facts are easy to figure out if you've got the dedication fast-trained Can provide you with a necessary training and help you achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts if you're like him with a crap In just four short months you can be on your way to a real-life and a real career Fast-trained off-resue day night of weekend classes financial assistance for people who qualify once you complete your classes Fast-rate can even assist you in obtaining a brand new great high-paying computer job It's that easy all you have to do is just reach over and pick up that phone That's about it and get yourself started and with seven fast-trained locations in town Including Miami for Lauderdale, Kendall and Pembro Pines are sure to be a location a fast-trained campus near value If you want more information you can check them out of the web at fast-trained.com But then reach over and grab that thing and the phone to and make that call that can change your life call 1 866 fast train 1233 I want to hear old friend Kurt's doing over there in Tampa with Susie Short skirts remember those days Oh, I love Lord it. How could we forget? Did you go with us when we saw Kurt do his drag routine? No, I missed that. Oh boy, but I was up there and that was in Tampa, no less Wow, yeah, well, they don't do any factory out in the country. No way they didn't do no factory They're just practicing for our raccoe guests, maybe not a factory going on Of course if Rush wouldn't be watching all him homo erotic Websites maybe he could get back to like pop in some more pill Well You could do those at the same time you're like this story since you hate Walmart so much I was picking a rush before we get to that because it's in the papers. Might as well mention it conservative Pilpopping talk show host Rush Limbaugh's purchased full page ads and two flowed and news papers to charge their local Prosecutors are politically motivated investigating him for Dr. shopping Limbaugh's company E.I. B. the obesity and broadcasting network said the ads which would run today in the Palm Beach post in the Sun Sentinel Repredate main-life editoro from the conservative Washington Times that accused his West Palm Beach did attorney very Krisher a political opportunism Limbaugh one of America's most influential conservative nut jobs last October publicly admitted an addiction to prescription painkillers and Teched a way drug we have center He's been investigated by Democrat Krisher's office the Washington Times such as evidence of Krisher's bias is stated policy against prosecuting those with addictions So that he could focus on dealers the paper calls the case against Limbaugh shaky and Based largely on the testimony of his former housekeeper Wilma and her husband who sold their story to tabloid newspapers being choir And were accused of trying to blackmail the talk show host Of which by the way there is no evidence the editor I'll also said that the Florida attorney generally Florida State Bar Association and the American Serilities Union of Krisher's handling of the case Of course the Florida State bar most of them belong behind bars anyway, okay, poor you people kid Florida State bar my ass Anyway, here's the story you're like I Mean thought a big deal because it's like pocket change them, but nevertheless it's just shining the spotlight again on more evil doors Here are some of the real evil doors all you kids out there Walmart Right when mom and dad went up pop your ass in the car on a weekend and drag you over to Walmart say no way thanks I'll stay home and watch for no movies or some right Well, Walmart stores has agreed to pay a three point one million dollar find a subtle charges of violations of the federal clean water rack At stock instruction across sites across the country the US government said yesterday the fine was the largest civil penalty ever Against the company for storm water run off violations officials said they hope to set them up with the world's biggest retailer would set an example for smaller companies Walmart, which is also the nation's largest retail construction developer agreed to institute better control measures to reduce Your water run off a construction sites the retailer was fine a million dollars over similar violations in 2001 obviously didn't learn their lesson and don't give a flying crab The complaint against Walmart ledge violations at 24 sites in nine states are the concluded included charges That the company failed to get a permit before beginning construction and didn't develop a plan to control polluted run off water Run off from construction sites is a primary contributor to the impairment of water quality and the nation said Thomas Skinner acting Assistant administrator of the EPA's office of enforcement and compliance a Stormwater run off carries high levels of mud sediment oil grease heavy metals toxins other lovely pollutants in Storms who was ultimately in the rivers wetlands oceans and ultimately into your body Deep inside your back dome ass Walmart is agreed to hold programs to train contractors about stormwater control Requirement a muslim at written documentation of compliance efforts officials said and a partnership in a Perth tree and the audio deodia. They'll be good boys. I guarantee who ought to be the poster child for Walmart is your good friend Linda England Yeah, she reminds me of just exactly what you see shopping at Walmart She could be a greater we're talking about a class of trailer trash that every year even Jerry Springer won't put him on here. How do you like that? They ought to run them all up and put him in a few double-wide It's not a fact that I heard front of Walmart prisons like a Jerry Springer episode exactly Well, I wish I wouldn't have smith can that story about how she was like acting always printed out again from your post How she was what screwing everybody inside and they did the gym Why she's going to pass oh it's fascinating come on Horned and up in the psyche even with that boyfriend and her pregnant a puppet and everything She just seems all the way like you to maybe lactating soon. Maybe she just named that moves WCWM hello Yes, sir Hello WCWM hello Yes, sir speaking I Grub and North Miami had to move to Okay, so I could buy it in the house that I could afford yeah, and Walmart's the big deal up there and I know some people that worked there Oh my god, they worked there for like five years and their pay is like 575 an hour right and I'm thinking what maybe their slackers and I meet a guy that's a manager there for many years These are that they don't they won't pay anymore that you know about how many years are there? Much of grave robbers man Walmart is what's wrong with America today Fast enough and they can't kill us quick enough And I'm running to the border with you. No, all right. I'll be looking for a way We'll keep we'll keep the lights on for and have a few Tim Horton donuts waiting for you to How's it going hey? 567. Oh 560 It's just I don't know I mean, I used to think it was me, you know and everybody else thought it was not a friendly starter catch-out It's not just me. It's the truth. That's why I got such a good result on that port yesterday But I tell it like it is I need realize how much I was telling it like it is and I am because it's all coming true It's like petty triusky with network You're a lot of homie on biography channel as night they had Robert Dufall who are obviously liking a lot And they didn't even put network in there. They didn't put Godfather to they didn't I mean realize it's only an hour show, but how could you not put network? Right right I don't know you think he was great in network. Absolutely. I mean the cast forget about the message Which of course was so incredibly on target at over their heads and over the heads of the public right but the cast in that movie All the holden Peter Finch fade done away Robert Dufall Ned Bady who was unbelievably great Mr. Bail That that scene in the yeah, he didn't order we lie TNT. He didn't even squeal in him. Oh, he said be a bit in squeal But he didn't make an out of a deal and Little squeeze and little feel why me because you're on television dummy Anyway, you got to see network please pretty please. I'm thinking I want What there's movies told there's movies that it doesn't know. Oh, see it well there is great done away sitting on top of a William Holden there All right, I'm there there Yeah Twenty-two one at five sixty WCU a I'm here. Let's tell you about the financial group right now We've heard me talk about these folks near a credible only one mortgage program with an unbeatable One hundred quarter percent rate for the purchase or we finance a year home one and a quarter percent How do you like that you should that means if you have a hundred thousand out of loan your payments are merely 334 a month If you have a 200 thousand out of only pay a measly 60 eight a month now the advertising on TV They're all over the radio. They're on dust ass the programs everywhere. It's got everybody talking Only one mortgage makes it possible and only the financial group makes it available to you refinance your current home get money for renovations move to another home and never ever pay fees or closing costs again zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees Zero application fees zero discounted points zero just about everything This is for real so confidential group and get to tails at 1 866 395 lend That's 1 866 395 Ellie and the it's the only one mortgage and it's the only mortgage you'll ever need There were equal housing lender credible restrictions do apply 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly There is never never a no moment at Walmart I love looking at Walmart we stay at Walmart way after our shifts are over Partly because we love it, but lovely cause they love this in Best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about He never know what to go find at Walmart. It's just come in for the fun The immigrants are the best at Walmart they clean our toilets practically for free and Walmart I don't need no stink in green card. We don't need no budgets. I don't have to shut you on a stinkin Vashes it's like my morning We're taking drinks out being like every Walmart Publishing basically repeat pictures. I saw today Virtually the same soldiers who we've seen over and over again until we can recognize them individually Simply doing more of the same. All right. Let me get a different perspective Dennis Gocenic Please is joining us as well The bill your face to a lot of our viewers. He was maybe still is a democratic presidential candidate But go ahead and respond to what the chairman just said. Well, I think it's absolutely chilling To assert that somehow the media is to blame here. I mean, I heard Secretary Rumsfeld a moment ago tried the media for the images the pictures the video clips I mean This war was a lie from the beginning Secretary Rumsfeld appeared before this to hunters committee and basically lie to the Congress About saying there were weapons of mass destruction, which are the reason why we're there I mean when are you going to call the secretary to an accounting for the for the lies that he told in front of your committee This this whole thing has been about a pattern of deception and right now what they're doing They're trying to blame the media get that I mean the media just carried the information forward when the administration said no There were weapons of mass destruction now to try to do what we respond is that We're blaming we're blaming the media for putting out pictures when they were asked on this specific occasion with Americans in danger Not to put pictures out to could cause hostages to be harmed the media They old to to to to refrain from doing that from restraining themselves and we had a bad result Well, let me let me interrupt her second was for German. I think you refer to the Communist CBS man, they did delay the their their program as they reviewed the request from the do this is the way they play the game Because it is on our rule here. He's ripping him and ask right and now we got a change of topic because we'll Scutt some stupid as quick as when it came out of the people who killed a Mr. Burg in this very brutal fashion laid at least part of the cause As a result of of seeing those pictures and responding to the pictures that the media did put out I think they should have delayed those pictures from going out forever and I think the other part of this story here is that They should deleted forever the politicians didn't get involved in fact the US Army as you now know Wolf With no politics. Come on out here and anything from Dennis Cassinitz investigated themselves starting on January 16 and Walk down through this series of six investigations to the point where court marshals are now starting for criminal activities for this small handful of bad apples They are getting this thing about this is that you know here's secretary rum spell going to Iraq today Why wasn't he in Iraq when he reports first started to come out? You know what's happening here? It's the old story that they're gonna go after the people at the Service level and the uniform level when the guys at the top will responsible for the policy of sending the troops out of begin with are going to escape Scott free He's not a law and I think that I think that every American is offended by this attempt to try to Put the responsibility on the troops and not put it on the people are responsible right in the White House and at the secretary level Congress would stand by we have a lot more to talk yeah, we have a lot more a wop you're an idiot Okay, if they ought to drag him off just like they'd ragdoward be galop the screen and that work right all of he was telling the truth They ought to come in here and drag both bloodscree go off the set right now and let Cassinitz go on until to a clock and we carry it He is the only one the only one him and sharpening of course We know about sure well, but of the of the relatively rational people He was the only one who really told it like it is no holds barred and all the lies all the BS looks this guy right in the face How come you're not investigating rum spell for making up the stories and line about weapons and mass destruction getting us into this bogus war in the first place Got ya, yaddi yaddi yaddi ladies are right there on the line while John carries running around go and look at the like that And it's got how many votes did he get? That's not just in one primary. That's all the states put together. That's how many votes Cassinitz got about 30 Cause he had a bad hairpiece now. He's got a better hairpiece. I think it's too late He would be great You can you see him debating bush? Oh, please he would slice him up man. They're just like You would never seen yeah, but how is he gonna respond to push that they did 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what's your number one complaint? I'll tell you what my number one complaint is I want to add this on here right now. You know what it is The media sucks a American media sucks put that on there right away Josh you're not gonna make a division you American media sucks God are they pathetic and there's a classic example He let this right wing our Republican goofball from California on there to chairman of that committee He let it who by the way was making all those glorious speeches together today Just kiss and rummels for those ass he let him go on for like about 90% of that time and a sus cassana started telling like it was All right, but I mean, but I'm up and how go about CBS did delay You know we're changing the question changes subject anything you take away time from cassana Who's telling too much truth and making too much sense you grave robbers you at the cable Nazi network? There is a reason they are the problem Because they're the enablers just like that thing about Christian. I'm on poor. I'm so motivated I'm gonna read that one page again From Scott Taylor's book about Christian. I'm on poor net that stage diventa They did that made for TV event. Yeah Never was the media truth Mormon if you later during the stage statue tapping scene on April 9 It was meant to symbolize the end of Sodom's regime Watching CNN senior correspondent Christian. I'm on poor give a live report on these supposedly spontaneous incident I suspect that this would be one of the U.S. largest stage news events What a coincidence for I'm on poor and are crew to be on hand in photo square to capture on video Amaba to rack you's that they tried to bring down large statue of Sodom I'm able to achieve this feet alone a detachment of U.S. Marines just happened to be in the area to lend the hand I listened in credulously as I'm on poor told CNN viewers That this was bagged at central square and that this particular statue was deeply symbolic to the Iraqi people As furno squirre sits between the Sheraton and the Palestine hotels I was very familiar with it contrary to our claims furno square certainly was not the center of Baghdad The real center Revolution square was some two kilometers away and was still very much under the control of Sodom loyalist further This particular statue was cast from a standard mold and Identical copies could be found all over Iraq in fact up to the previous October when the statue had been erected furno square But nothing more than an empty traffic circle When other media outlets housed in the Palestine hotel began broadcasting images of these statues toppling They actually provided a different perspective by pulling back from the action it became obvious that the Iraqi mob was in fact just a tiny crowd American tanks completely surrounded the square so the Iraqis were operating inside a protected perimeter One Iraqi who camped it up for the cameras by banging issue on the toppled Sodom was later recognized to be one of Ochme Chilabbi's INC bodyguards two days earlier the same individual wearing the same shirt had appeared beside the Iraqi National Congress president when he returned to the town of Mesovia As became clearly evident the incident at furno square had been orchestrated by the US military and conjection with CNN The cable Nazi network Water would certainly not full Iraq citizens that effectively commenced North American audiences that the war was over During that evening's news cast global television anchor Kevin Newman interview correspondent Patrick Graham one of the few Canadian reporters would stuck it out and bag that From the Palestine hotels rooftop Graham explained how this Particularly incident had involved only a handful of Iraqis He went on to say that in reality the petty infighters still control most of Baghdad nevertheless The following morning virtually every North American headline read Sodom toppled and CNN had switched its war in Iraq logo to a new Iraq rebuilds Instead of waiting for the Iraqis to rise up on mass to celebrate their so-called Liberation the Bush administration of the side of the time was right to start celebrating for them a stage TV event to brainwash a manipulate the American public opinion and very successfully and easily done you ask him any questions you want and we had and when I said I don't want to just have one city and I want to have multiple cities We had multiple briefings where members could ask you to be like what's in England? I had multiple organs when they made a decision to go to Iraq they did it as as Members of Congress who understood and who had been informed and we had vast turnout We had a majority of the house come down and they got their own information so the idea is somehow They came in and Don Rumsfeld told them to all go vote for the war and they did that is Is not accurate. Let me just say This about the secretary the secretary I think stuck Dennis under the chair Well Sanchez has done this by the book Three days after the soldier came forward now he's raven about the great job They're rich Sanchez is doing the case and you now know that that they announced that to the combined audiences of CNN In this MVC and Fox so outside of 50 million people they kept his secret They walked down through these investigations and they have criminal prosecution starting right now But once again wolf the number is 6 and not now I think it's been expanded to 7 and most members who have seen these pictures say how come we see that same little group of people In almost every picture and there hasn't been a link Where it between the White House or the Pentagon or something I think it's important chairman may have forgotten what Mr. Rumsfeld said because maybe it's not six maybe it's one Listen to this quote and this is right to his testimony to your committee He said talking about who's saying that who's saying has at this moment stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons and his pursuing nuclear weapons His regime has an active program to acquire and develop nuclear weapons very likely all they need to complete a weapon It's physomaterial and they are at this moment seeking that material both from four sources and a capability to produce it Indig<|pl|>ously now if that's not a lie. What is it? I think that's largely accurate in my statement with the same time if you saw that I got to call him if you saw if you saw that Dennis my statement at the same time was you could put the entire 8500 leaders Anthrax material in one pickup truck I mean the idea that that was going to be sitting on on a in a parking lot waiting for us to come pick it up What I told people a year ago, we're not gonna have Congressman unfortunately We got to do commercial break in a lot of time and the music swell something in background. This is CNN Wow You see how many words he let him say there percentage Because we every time somebody starts blurtin the truth out. We got to cut him off. We got into ruptured time for commercial It will just gotta go take a crap something's going on man. We got it erupt Truthus interrupters that's the American effin way make no mistake about it I got kind of sidetracked every you on pad I did No Chris Cassin is his great. He doesn't mince his words. He may mince a little bit But he don't mince his words and he doesn't beat around a bush and he just tells it exactly the way it is. He does beat around on the bush I's gone Dennis. Too bad didn't get to say anything 1256 at five 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs Let Oasis out-sourcing help you when to come to the people side of your business payroll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services That outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable Call Oasis outsourcing the day for a free of adoration at 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management outsourcing is being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving those pinnany and operational details to Oasis outsourcing So let these folks make your business a lot more profitable if you want a free of adoration with no obligation column tool free and 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing Local This is general Richard Milder, oh, hi, general. How could it help you today? Well, we got some of the picture coming out to the apartment in a fence with like C. B. has not to show the whole national We're Mr. you would have his heart set on showing that taste this I understand that but I'm asking you nicely the first I'm afraid we can't help you What's that What's that What's that What's that 305 60 WM Mad Dog at two the Humper from Baltimore in the Prickness at four wait till you hear this Okay sit on the easier seat hold your breath The family firm of beheaded American Nickburg was named by a conservative website An a list of enemies of the wreck occupation that could explain as a rest by a rocky police at attention Which fatally delayed his plan return from Iraq and may have led directly to his death Nickburg 26 disappeared into income in a caro detention after his arrest by Iraqi police in March 2004 He vanished again after his release 13 days later his body was found by a Saturday and Baghdad in the video of his beheadings Supposedly by a radical Islamic group was posted on the internet Tuesday The official story of his gruesome murder is many dubious aspects not to least the real reason why Iraqi police Detendio Man in the checkpoint new research by break for news is uncovered a plausible explanation The free republic dot com website and form as a reputation for right-wing views Fanatic or Republicanism and relentless pro-war activism on March 7 2004 just three weeks before the first anniversary of the invasion of Iraq and enemies list of anti war groups and individuals was posted on the free republic form and began Here you are free purse here is the enemy The list have been copied from publicly available endorsements of a call to action for an imminent anniversary anti war protest on March 20 2004 the protest was being organized under the banner of the answer coalition act now to stop foreign and racism Among those letters having endorsed the call to action was this entry Michael S. Burg teacher Promethias methods tower service ink that's Nickburg's father Michael Oax is a business manager for a son their family waiter communications firm from atheist method tower service Both father and son care deeply about Iraq, but they were on opposite sides of opinion on the occupation Though you would never know that for meeting the New York Times Michael was ardently anti war where his voice supporting son was in favor of the word of the extent that he had already visited Iraq seeking to help with rebuilding efforts Just seven days after Michael Burg and Promethias methods tower service had come up On that Iraq war enemies list his son Nickburg returned Iraq onto the business name of Promethias methods tower service The scene was set for tragically mistaken suspicions which were to end in the horrifying death of an honorable and blaneless American A humanitarian who had traveled several times to third world countries such as Ghana to teach villagers construction techniques The web traffic to the freeber public forum and its four membership includes significant numbers of serving in former U.S. military Many members take their online activism very seriously Summed a light and causing mischief for those they think are identified as enemies Within minutes of getting their hands on the anti war names one was both thinking of having contact to the military about Active service personnel who were on the list I forwarded the list to the ISE the command you listed the district officer the district legal office and the investigative Services office the response the poor moron is not gonna know what hit him is this being mean spirited? No someone against our military does not belong in the military Another was already investigating a member of the Coast Guard on the list I took a look at this Yahoo and he has a site which is not real fun to the war on drugs or the war on terrorism that particular Coast he needs some serious trouble to come his way Another one I spoke on the phone with senior chief yesterday in Virginia who cannot believe what the guy was doing Who was both a stouted in angriot he's in for some big big trouble If that list could end up on an internet form there could just as readily end up with the FBI And eventually the hands of those in Iraq war keen to track or harass anti war activists entering the country Alternatively the enthusiasm free republic had the contacts in the clear determination to have ensured the list quickly got to the right places At the time the list was posted Nick Berge just come back from an Iraq trip Lasting from late December to February 1nd and reported no problems whatsoever with Iraqi police during that visit here within the two inch of the list being posted Nick Berge back on Iraq on his final fatal trip was reportedly detained in Mosul and an Iraqi police checkpoint The official explanation is that the 30 stouted identification might have been forged and were checking his authenticity But a more likely reason is that by then the 30s in Iraq had discovered that a burger from atheist method stouter service was in the country Initiated tension instruction Iraqi police because they misidentified Nickburg is an anti war activist entering Iraq to work for the enemy That could explain why he was held in comminocato for 13 days without recourse to a lawyer Why US official them was singularly on heating of his mother's please? By the FBI visit his family to question them why it took a US court order secured by the family to pressure his release And why he was cruelly murdered soon after that release like many others around the world of suppers such a fate at the hands of state condone death squads Sometimes just hours after the release from official detention that's the final sorted twist in this grizzly story If the world was an uncomplicated place then this tale would end with a mistake in arrest of Nick Bird We could finish by noting that next father's reportedly accusing US government of contributing to his son's death Unable to find working Iraq Nick bird's last trip was said to be a short one he planned to return to the west on the 30th of March Michael Berg charges that his son's detention for April 5 was a violation of civil rights Which fatally delayed his ex ex if from Iraq and said left him dangerally stranded in the middle of the explosion of violence which rupted early April 2004 But there are much greater aspects to all of this another chilling perspective is best summarized by the war cynicism of Michael Rivera And what really happened calm In a commentary on the beheding of Nick Bird Rivera rights how wonderfully lucky for Bush and the neocons that such a great piece of pro-war distract from the Torture scandal event happens at this particular moment Rivera's world where we realism struck secord with his popular websites visitors But will undoubtedly shock unseasoned observers However he is far from alone in questioning the official line others have noted the two white hands and military At East Stance of the hooded captors in the video The killing is certainly ease the international discomfortsure of the US the problem with assumptions that al Qaeda's Responsible for Burz beheding is that Musab al Zikari is mentioned in the cow caption on the video tape of the killing Al Zarkawi came to our attention in January 2004 when the US military claimed of intercepted letter of his written to the al Qaeda leadership But the content of letter were lucky US military propaganda statement on the situation in Iraq In the letter al Zarkawi wrote of Iraqis coming to welcome the US presence in Iraq and how about how al Qaeda was losing ground and swore against the US In February 2004 an article Tiedled these are cow again but by Greg why her on counter punch was deeply skeptical of the letter If you were Carl Roe if you couldn't design a better scenario to validate the administration's plan on the war than this That's a good reason to maintain a healthy skepticism in fact. There are a good reason to take this day with a grain of salt maybe three or four pounder The US has been keen to paint the opposition to the occupation as composed of many foreign fighters Tiedou al Qaeda The letter was clearly fabricated for propaganda purposes with al Zikari is its new al Qaeda star But if al Zikari is merely a flimsy propaganda creation Then what if what confidence can we have in the official line that al Zikari and al Qaeda murdered bird? The only possible alternative is a covert black operation orchestrated as part of the CDR arm of US foreign policy Which generally only come to light when candid photographs for example reach the public domain But that's an explanation which many would reject on the grounds that no force alive to the US no matter how black its operations Would have members so calluses to even countenance the cold blooded be hitting of US citizen However, there's a mindset amplified by war passions and fought among the gung-hobe roots who beat Iraqis to death fought among the thugest mercenary debt squads who roam to slay at will and fought among the cold blooded sociopaths who applied at bombs for political strategic reasons Its war and war begins a wartime mindset Nick burges the attention and the case that the authorities regarded him as an anti-wraactiveist and possibly also an enemy That original post on freeber public contains a telling indication of a mindset which in the heat of war could well kill an American regardless of the enemy A mindset which is now reacted to Michael Burges loss of his son like this. I wonder what he thinks about his Muslim buddies now A mindset displayed by such keywords used on freeber public to categorize the list of anti war supporters the keywords are a piece next Dan comics enemy within let this piece next rats scumbags Traders treasonous dot com use the idiots and war on terror And yes, we did use the one word because it's in a new story and you better not have nothing I waited a month He's reach a port It was a it's a new story. Okay, I'm okay So there you go. That's so that you can take that with the like I said two or three grains of salt or not believe it or whatever you want But the certainly the first part about the company sure And about the confusion about the father and a son their political opinions and a position on the wall of these things Hey presidents and senators don't have people right right who's being naive now? schmuck From it's after one at five sixty to one Boom is TV but not your ordinary pedestrian TV a tied definition TV delivered via satellite dish n HD receiver the picture is so absolutely Un Failure you won't believe it the quality is like comparing the latest DVD to an ancient old video Boom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV Boom's got the most HD TV anywhere and provides you with all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience Including satellite dish HD receiver and a remote and boom's got over 30 channels Of HD programming you can watch ESPN and high definition that's three times more than you get from cable and they've all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV even your local channels to Boom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment They have exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't even get from your cable or satellite company So with whom you get everything you've got now plus all these new awesome high definition channels to call today to check this out You better not wait because the offerings may 31 call 1 866 8488686 or visit boom.com for limited time offer and the offer includes For installation of a front cost and no long-term commitment either calm today tool free 1 866 8488686 or check them online at vroom.com Oh A poll show the American people are concerned about the gigantic budget deficit. Yeah I understand hey, I got on here. Let's cut taxes This man suffers from a serious reflection called d a d d deficit attention deficit disorder But he's not alone Senator Senator Perry What will you do about the budget deficit we need to increase taxes? But not quite as much as we increase spending virtually every politician suffers from deficit attention deficit disorder Those affected are enabled to stop spending more money than they're bringing in and now alarmingly He a d d has spread to the general population honey look at this credit card bill You're right. We've got to do something Oh McScreene TV. That's it Please keep generously to the d a d d fun and we'll spend more on research than we get in donations because we too suffer from deficit attention deficit disorder Until we find a cure for spending the money you can't afford to send us will be forever in your debt 117 is five 60 WQM what's your number one complaint bushes destroying America? 441 votes nobody even close I'm not getting enough sex 105. I'm getting older in at sucks 53. I'm as fat as account can't lose any weight 51 My wife isn't bisexual 41 nobody's speaking in glazed Miami 38 South Florida drivers 27 I live in Florida 18 and pretty peot about it loss of fat sounds on the erogish or 18 more Howard did it still on the year 16 my bosses a 16 OJ Simpson still for each six the American media sucks five the child support system three It's too humid with one. Oh, it's too humid one giant mosquitoes one and the Miami Hills only got one out of 841 He's only got one in two 82 Brut Take take how come we don't have homeless people on every street corner like this facts that we got that's an excellent one What do you mean we don't do we have a homeless voice? I Want the on the poll there right? Did we mention it yet? Well now I just got the facts you sent me here from this a very creative from our friend Jean I went home and it says homeless people on every street corner We want to be more specific than that we want to talk about Sean Canone and the homeless voice Josh homeless voice got it good. Yeah, it's on the people are hated Can't stand it they're tired of it should be against the law now So you got me started now. I don't know what we need to send me up. I think it was that debate between that right now lunatic from California Dennis Cassinach It was that the so-called debate in which should they let Dennis say about 10 words And then of course the net story that I just breathlessly found on the drugs retort that's with two teas and This one from the nation exporting America's prison problems by Dan Prosh In 1997 a 29 year old schizophrenia inmate named Michael Valente was stripped naked and strapped to restraining chair by Utah prison staff Because he refused to take a pillow case off his head shortly after he was released some 16 hours later Valente collapsed and died from a blood clot that blocked an artery to his heart The chilling incident made national news not only because it happened to be videotape It also because Valente's family successfully sued the state of Utah and forced it to stop using the device Directed the Utah Department of Corrections Lane McCotter who was named in the suit and defeated use of the chair resigned in the ensuin firestorm some six years later Lane McCotter was working in obbo grave prison part of a four-man team of correction advisors sent by the justice department and charged with a sensitive mission of reconstructing Rax notorious prisons ravaged by decades of human rights abuse While McCarter left her back shortly before the current scandal dogbo grave began and says he had nothing to do with the MPs of community atrocities is Very present there raises serious questions about US handling of the Iraqi prison system It's bad enough that the justice department picked McCotter who's reputation in Utah was at best controversial in a worthless disturbing But further the justice department hired him less than three months after its own civil rights division release date Shocking 36 page report documenting in human conditions that he knew Mexico jail run by the company where McCotters and executive Here was a man whose prisons have been played by reports of in-made miscreament for nearly a decade Lane McCard is administration here at a horrifying record on human rights so Carol canod in 2002 Indeed around the same time Michael Valentei jens the Anderson then lawyer for the group interview close to 40 mentally Illmate inmates who had also been restrained in the chair. We found out they were being kept there for far longer than necessary Says Anderson There were cases where inmates ended up sitting in their own feces. They were being tortured Shortly after Valente family went to court the ACLU filed a lawsuit against three Utah DOC doctors this time for Vinding a mentally ill man naked save his underwear to a stainless steel pallet called the board for 85 straight days That case was said a lot of court-acorned newspaper reports Generally under McCotters ruled human rights were not respected notes Anderson after he left things improved a great deal But there were soon to become worse in Santa Fe, New Mexico where County officials decided that our management and training corporation a Private Utah based corrections company to run its jail McCotter was it happened now worked as MTC's director of corrections business development In August 2001 McCotter won secretary of corrections in a Mexico travel to Santa Fe to finalize MTC's three-year contract to operate the Santa Fe County detention center Less than a year later a team of justice department correction experts was inside the Santa Fe jail investigating civil rights violations In March 2003 they reported included that certain conditions violated inmates constitutional rights and that inmates suffered harm of the risk of serious harm from among other things Wokeful deficiencies in health care and basically big conditions The report documented numerous and horrifying examples and threatened a lawsuit of things didn't get better amid the fallout The justice department pulled it's approximately a 100 federal prisoners out of Santa Fe and MTC fired its warden and pressured its medical subcran tracker positions network association who acts one of its medical administrators Then on May 20th in a case of unfathomable irony attorney general John Ascroff denounced them a cotter along with three other corrections experts had gone to Iraq The very same day just this department lawyers began their first negotiations with Santa County officials over the extensive changes needed at the jail of a board legal action The justice department will come at a wide-chose Macotter whose company has been hounded by well-publicized and ongoing health care security and Personnel problems at many of the 13 prisons and operates in the US Australian Canada Meanwhile the Ontario Provincial Government is currently investigating an inmate death and MTC's Canadian prison on May 5 and Inquest in the three other mysterious deaths over the patch you're expected according to an article in the very examiner In a May 7 statement Macotter emphasized that he was mainly in Iraq to oversee the structural renovation of Iraqi prisons And a trainer Raki citizens for correctional duties he stated that there were no inmates at Abu Grey while he was there and that he never supervised military personnel According to Gary Delane also remember the correctional team in raccoz predecessor with Utah DOC The two of them worked along with him pedal Brigadier general Janis Carpinsky and MPs from various battedans But that none of the faces on television look for mid-year Delane says the justice department paid him 8500 bucks a month while he was in Iraq before bumping a salary up to 12 grand a month For the end of the four month trip he defend some of Cotter is one of the very best correction administrators ever met Judy Green a prison reform consultant disagrees There are any number of questionable administrators active or retired that had good records in whom I would have rather seen tap by the justice department for this kind of assignment The Cotter was no expert in how prisoners should be treated or how prison staff should be trained Interestingly Chase Reveland former secretary of corrections both in Washington and Colorado The Green says is respected both by prison reformist and correction administrators turned out an offer to join the justice department's team The philosophies of the individuals that were going did not match mine Reveland told the nation While it seems unlikely Lane Macotter was involved in the unfolding abuse scandal Abu Grey his hiring given his trouble history In current employment at equally troubled MTC is yet another example of the unending and unabashed Bumbling of the occupation perhaps most important if this is the type of personnel decision we can expect from critical agencies like the justice Department there's probably more scandal to come and I would say I'd like that Just like this general Jean Miller It was transferred from a gitmo over to Iraq No, it is the Lunatic of Gimmol how can you say that a few people to give them all at gitmo more punishment or abuse? And so when a heat became real great there, what do they do they transform over to a rack-wagon really straight things out like the catheter church? Exactly, move more on a little bit Sounds good to me 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and rise of wireless line WQAM hello QAL Sir Neil? Yes, I am Neil Regarding your offer today. That's Reveland Jones again. How's sad? 567.0560. Well see he's only one of the few crazy people who are we wait through all that reading I did there all right time. He'd be one of the very few of the guy who are the blame of He's patient plus I have no life. WQAM hello I'm Neil. Yes, sir I'd just like to say that I'll come out with the seminar on the game is okay great. I can't wait Revejoz and his boyfriend that's been side by each a Perfect and exact it seminar on We can't wait 26 after one at five 60 don't forget join the big oh Oh 4 to 6 this afternoon at the new seminal hard rock casino in Hollywood stuff I just been the wheel for prizes That's a date brand new seminal hard rock casino with the big four this afternoon for the six When you got your hair fall out and chunks when you got like a cube all on your head instead of like a real bit Head of hair if you were one of those mousey-looking pieces people will laugh their ass off at you If Dennis Gocenich would have gotten with it a long time ago he'd have had some votes, you know? He waited too long he'd himself were good ahead of here. When you guys out there don't have to wait long All you have to do is call our good buddy Charles now theory because he's designed and supplied Hair systems the big guys little guys important guys Sleppers everybody in between for more than 35 years is a pair does a guest on good morning America They today show on CBS morning news and producing his pen did hair system law for you the most amazing natural hairline system anywhere Now keep in mind the most critical area of any her system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin like hair system is so great looking It's 100% on Detectable and Charlie gives you a 30 day guarantee. What's not the like if you don't after a month Love the way listen feels and smells return for a full refunds So I'd have to lose is that glaring shiny Valtz fought or that mousey-looking piece and keep in mind Charlie also services and repairs Existing her system to put in shampoo and trim So don't delay call Charlie the name change your life forever look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could call 1-800-321-2413 Say goodbye to that musk rat of salute it gets yourself a great looking head of here 1-800-321-2413 or go online Charles Alfieri.com From the Vatican introducing new Catholic life the religion with one third the guilt of your regular fate New Catholic life satisfied your need for Christianity But it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine With Catholic right there's no confessions no servants and no lingering afterlife It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion We've dropped that too Look for our church reveal in your neighborhood. Hey, you might be in the front view for you a little faith Try Catholic life because a little faith is all you need 131 and five sixties by the way spirit of the Catholic church Mexico City you must have just made this up. Yeah, I typed it right up a Catholic priest shot to that the mayor of a town in western Mexico City Early yesterday after the period got drunk and began punching each other during a religious festival state official See oh a drunken priest how unusual how we're religious festivals that don't believe you after changing blows Just walk away the priest whipped out A nine millimeter pistol in card four bullets Into Lorenzo Ruiz I wonder he's ready to conchita to ease that he boy a mayor of Child-patty a clock If you do you'll clean it up and indigenous town Nestled in the mountains 200 and 20 kilometers west of the guerrero state capital of Chilpind Cingo Authorities said it seems that they were arguing these two many were they get together They had words in the pre-shot the mayor they apparently were both in the state of drunkenness of guerrero state spokesman Jesus Nava Local newspaper said the priest and they identified as Lorenzo Quayar was arrested after he also shot the mayor's son Ingering him the priest was in town Automated local religious festival which started to the evening and lasted into Wednesday morning Cadeto is one of the poorest and most violent states in Mexico Thank goodness that the Catholic Church has had such a calming and Rational interest all over Latin America and we have all these great democracies and people are living a very high standard living and all of these things Fabulous not to mention the course the great job the Pope didn't Cuba 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello I was one of the Catholic churches denying a democratic politicians that approach choice to receive Communion the day allow a child molesting priest to receive communion because there are a bunch of liars and hypocrites Love your show Thanks, we've heard have a great day. Okay, she coming with a mouthful of soda. Oh five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Oh, I was pleased to see even though of course it only made a little blip for dare to Remember the story I had a couple of days ago about the School for the death in Boston right and the big scandal about that about the nuns that abused and molested and tortured and Oh, just in horrendous things to all those poor kids and now they sued a lot of these people sued They actually headed on the end elder cable news networks there for a little while, you know how many times did we see it? About one or two as opposed to everything else that we see at least 20 years times but it was on there Just another example. Another one of these many isolated incidents see when you're dealing with these sexually frustrated neurotic people Priest nuns all of these people tried to live this very unnatural life They wound up doing a lot of very unnatural grotesque things what a shock Yeah, it's just like during war all of these grotesque horrendous things happen because generally the whole concept of war and killing other people Especially when they didn't attack you in the first place is sick and twisted to begin with Well, I ran those planes into them So it's amazing really when you come right down to it and let me also just point out that the same rum spell when they asked him this morning at that Dog and pony show they put on whether all the pictures should be released. He said yes if we're up to him But then again the legal eagles have to look through it. Yeah, but if we work them that a shawl should be released And then here we had that debated with Cassinuts and other there a wacko and he's going out about well, you know, they shouldn't permanently be Put away somewhere nobody should be able to see him Because that's the excuse now for a Nick Burr getting his head chopped off and it's the excuse for anything else that's gonna happen Of course they didn't even excuse to chop off Daniel Pearls head but don't confuse people with the facts So they've already said that all the pictures ought to be released But isn't it something that there's all of this moral outrage About the torture and the humiliation and degradation of the Iraqi person is most of whom 79 and 1990 Percent a more rested by mistake didn't do a damn thing another course. They all there but they're terrorists. Yeah, right right but The 16,000 civilians who've been mained and killed and those all these things Nobody's even talking about them. You have to get one of the Brit newspapers I think it's the daily mirror the or the independent that changes the stats every week and shows you the latest up to the both the the so-called US and Brit where we call the coalition forces Which is over 1,200 now and then the Iraqis which is over 16,000 who knows what it is by now so that last week Because we don't care about those things We don't want to be told we don't want to be bothered with that. It's you know just collateral damage of war. Well, what what kind of a war is this Do you explain that to me where when did the war start? When they flew them planes into the field and yeah, right went when did Iraq start a war? When did the attack anybody? And I read it to you off the ear. I think I hear out a read just got to hold on your crap Oh, that's okay No, how do we do that part about the invitation to sit on To invade Iraq I've to invade the Kuwait yodder With these law or mom just I'm looking by slight drilling and do a shared Iraq Kuwait oilfields the Kuwait is able to flood the world market They're by keeping the price for bail within US expectations with these lower oil prices Assalam O'ol industry even in maximum production could barely generate enough money to pay the interest on the national debt Despite repeated warnings to the cystic Kuwait is continued to provoke sedan meanwhile the US was sending Iraq mixed signals in January 1990 a system secretary of state John Kelly met with sedan I'm gonna show it him that the US wanted to improve relations By July 25th of the Kuwaiti crisis coming to a head a Iraqi troops massed along the border before acting however Sodom deliberately sought clarification of the United States position and Passed her April glass beam at with Iraqi president Baghdad and said we the USA have no opinion on Arab versus Arab conflicts Like your border disagreement with Kuwait secretary as day James Baker has directed our official spokesman to emphasize this instruction Taking this to be a green light. Sodom was saying invade Kuwait August 2, 1990 It didn't take long for the west to develop a position on Arab Arab affairs My August 6th, he was took believe that the UN Security Council imposing full economic sanctions against Iraq on the military Front General Shortscore immediately began beefing up forces in the Persian Gulf Selling the American people on the idea going to order liberate Kuwait however We're not prove easy since the 1973 oil crisis to Gulf Arab seven collectively Villified in the American media's rich fat cats who had crippled the US economy It was therefore easier to demonize the Iraqis This was accomplished in part through the gripping televised testimony of a young Kuwaiti girl Claiming to a escape following the Iraqi invasion she described an excruciating detail how Sodom soldiers had entered the neo-natal ward at the Kuwaiti city hospital Throne sick babies out of their incubators and left them to die only after the war would be discovered This was a complete fabrication scripted and produced by the American public relations firm Router Finn The young girl turned off of E.D. Kuwaiti ambassadors daughter who had been in Washington the whole time No babies had ever been left to die, but the deception had worked in the public support for military action in the Gulf Sword and Yadiyati Adiyati and as they say the rest is crap And local here sports radio five sixty-shoes God Turn around every time I drop a car into gas station The prices all come down Everyone now and then I try to make it to work with my gasket reading just to the view Maybe I should call my boss and take a day off and go and drink all the peace I can buy Everyone now and then I get to wondering how the gas prices have risen to high Around my car to fill it up I have to get a little around my car Why won't the story fell was the bomb? None of the passion in the veins I am counting chains like a chom What could the water of a tank to bother to go to the pump? If oil company's barren's a chom If rice is the only get better If the solids are all in the line Don't you remember what they did to a flat time I don't know what to do We have to get some more We run out of gas in all the cars stove We have to get gas back Not getting it from our rack We have to get back One of the ways I'll finish up Once upon a time I could take me in the door Now I take a bus like a chom I don't know what to do I told them we bought that to come That's a movie I told them we bought that to come I'm looking at Amazon.com The good news is Spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq is listed on there with five out of five stars All right And you can buy it 1999 You ask funds 20 bucks Paperback but it's well worth it to be the best 20 bucks you ever spent the only bad news is It says usually ships in three to four weeks Which is probably because it's a Canadian publisher They In fact During the next break I think I'm going to go on Amazon.ca Okay See what I'm saying? I do By the way, they say that to cover their asses Because I've ordered from Amazon And they ship right away No matter what they say Really? Yeah I mean generally speaking within a couple days Well one moment please Let me do Am I on? Am I on it? No, I don't know How do I have to happen? Let me just see Spitting on the axis of evil here it is and Usually ship the same thing three to four weeks But you'll have it no time at all and what's a big rush anyway We might also go to our live by then Yeah, what's the big rush? Hop another one rush WQA and hello WQA and hello QA and And my little bit Five six seven you're a spent the almost this entire hour And I'm picking it myself Why do I bother? Why do I waste the time? I give myself all whipped up like I'm really I'm impressed right? I'm amazed I'm whipped up to a frenzy about all this stuff And then we go to these calls Man you could take your calls Folks and you could stick up enough symbol I have room left over for the Chinese army For the number of meaningful craft Even the cranks are bad You don't want to say? No no no Low quality cranks Low quality cranks What are we talking about here? And again, prove it to be on a shadow of a dog They don't want to hear all of those bedtime stories All that stuff that I read The real story about Nick Whatever hell is named was that got his head chopped up Burger Burger A relation to Aki Burger So WQA and hello QA and QA and WQA and hello Yeah, I thought the knee is out Speaking And this is your buddy the cradle Catholic I'd like to ask you a couple questions If I could I'd love to I love your show I just want to ask a couple questions If I could You can't remember one Do you think the Catholic Church Is there anything good about it? No No No, any A religion It's all crap Okay All right, well I just I do love your show It's just me through the day every day But I do need you just hear my answer to your question Was I just a rhetorical question No You say that every religion Religion is all sick and twisted and a bunch of lives And for morons Okay sir That's my answer to your questions It's for very, very weak simple people Who are stupid enough to believe a bunch of fairy tales Written by even more stupid people Thousands of years ago And passed on word of mouth Generation of generation And twisted in the story And most have made up anyway To manipulate and control these stupid masses Out there in a course where a great tax free ride To Course in the Catholic Church There are a lot of those priest like a tax free ride Or WQAM hello James is subject WQAM hello Hey Neil Yes sir Quick question Was that animal re-ending in that last bit? No, it's not WQAM hello QAM WQAM hello QAM hello QAM when is this? Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay sir Hey man, can I finish for president man Yeah, okay man WQAM hello Welcome Neil Yes Good afternoon Good afternoon sir I'm sorry I missed what you said you read something earlier about Nick Berg And I didn't hear what any of it was about But was there anything familiar You know the claim in this These people were out kind of with Danny Pearl What would they call him? I'm Pakistani extremist Terrorist lunatics What's the name balls? Has their bailed But with Danny Pearl I think that the liberal media never reported on was that they made him say My father's a Jew, my mother's a Jew, and I'm a Jew And then they chopped his head off Was there any audio plot for this guy? Oh yeah there was an audio All right in fact that lunatic from Fox News was shown Had a degree Played at 30 seconds of audio on a year of you know The actual whatever they were reading in Arabic Papa, Papa, and then the slice and off The hidden him screaming etc And so on He felt compelled to play that crap on a year You know they showed the father of this guy Putting a sign out in front of his of his house That said war is not the answer You know you ought to go to our website and read it I emailed a terror and I'm sure he's going to put it on There's a story about Nick Berg and what really a may have happened Over there in the fact that Right wing websites put his name on an enemy's list Because they thought that he was opposed to the war Which was his father And so go on and read it please I wouldn't be surprised if Eric out of it on there already Would you? No, no Because you know Eric he's right on top of it Once he wakes up man he's dangerous Of course sometimes on a weekend that ain't till like two or three But once he wakes up and gets going man there's no stopping him Let's see I just just take it a peek now to see if it's on or yet I mean I'm it's a little bit just you know There's that cartoon There's classes civilizations by Marine Dile It's not on their court yet But I guarantee empty it will be any minute any moment Especially if I mentioned it again 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM hello Yes sir Did you see the new time Jericho? About your managed Yeah, we saw the I picked the readers they picked your managed read as picked me thank you very much Had that I wasn't in Newtimes anyway I was in the city like Really when you come right down with this show teaches you a lot Yeah, because we know we keep sitting here lamenting the fact I mean How can a public be so stupid is all of the stuff is going on and they believe it and they believe Burshen and the poll show this the masses out there are so freaking dumb man It's unbelievable if you don't believe me especially sitting in that building just look around you My And low This is for Twidiel 560 2AM But got about it Another thing You're the rules of the movie We're a bit of a big star By that little bit sweet voice Have you picked it anyway your little puny dude We'll take you And I think this is the thing I don't know what this is What this is? What is this? I just apologize You are the more white you Yeah, what about So why hate you What a white thing I'm not mean I I want to die You're a pector Green Oh, don't you Oh, don't you Oh, don't you Mean Oh And point Point Why do you want to spend you And I know by smell and traction You I don't like that you You still got such a I feel just like And you are my kid brother And when you need to learn And why you are so bad by it You're a pector I don't like that you I don't like that you I don't like that you I don't like that you I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show And I'm on a show But the meaning is oh this one's very important You had to be all whipped up And he will talk to his friends You bought it It's just like Lacy Peterson If I ever heard about Scott Lacy Peterson again It'll be so much too soon I'll get my hands with hands. Too soon Okay You know I'm saying Yes So that the show really does attract justice I would say there's a few people In South Florida With an Interlect About Courts We Dollar In weitere largely in North thumbnail And South Florida administered And it's working working through the human race. I'll be generous. I'll say maybe 15% of the people have an IQ larger than their thumbnail. You went too far. It's like a dropping. That's all. It's like what? A dropping. A dropping. You say a dropping odd point. You could have got a dropping. Yeah. I see like a pigeon for example. Right. Now there was pigeon that we can't see on the ear. But I'm going to the call online. I will redeem the audience today. QAM hello. I told you. What a day. Sure. I knew that'd be the good one. WQM hello. See, and they can't. You're so boring, so you can't even do it the right way. You know, like I said, even the crank calls are bad. Because you have nothing to say. The crank called imitators. Yeah. I'm right. WQM hello. WQM hello. What a bunch of losers. Yes. Hi, Barry. Hi. There you go. There's a bad boy's boyfriend. And neighbor. That boy's friend. Brad boys and probably a food pusher too. Wouldn't surprise me. Probably a concerter with many of meal. WQM hello. Yes, sir. That's not Brad for a joke. It keeps coming. No, okay. Good. WQM hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. How are you? What's your name? WQM. Hello. See what I'm saying? This was the day. This was the day. I knew it was the. What did I tell you before? The everybody in the community crazy. Out of their minds are fairly rational. Some are rational. All of them no matter what. They're all gathered around the radius today. This is the gathering of melting pot. What's your number one complaint that was our poll question today? Bush is destroying America 506. I'm not getting enough sex 115. I'm getting older and at 602. I'm as fat as a cow. Can't lose any weight. 56. Nobody's speaking English in Miami 46. My wife isn't bisexual 44. South Florida driver's 34. The loss of the fart sounds on the Elijah Show 23 devastating. I live in Florida 21. And more Howard David 19 is still on the air. Still on the air. But based on that last book. That's Luna Rice heads your show on ho The storey style with khandledred