Thank you, oldan! Oh my God... This song is geld is corruption! Take your tongue and jump and float, I ain't the person in the mud. When I was a Christian, soldier of God, believe her, all these years. All that time I followed him and reworded of the scriptures, written back where's. Catch me, take these powerful dogs, isn't all I went into fighting with. Except if I'm 11 when he must have been called on a bus, spend a day. Or you'd just take your dog and shove it. I ain't the one who worked in no more. Welcome. Welcome to your old bag. You can't feel when the world is with everybody else who's wrong. I'm just a part of what people that can't be labeled as a normal Lord. We're going to break the cake, you're calling and shove it. I ain't worshiping and no more. Take your dog and shove it. Roll, ain't worshiping and no more. I'll ride 1041. What is this sound good or what now? We get this new piece of equipment in here. Sounds great. What a shouting it sounds. Huh? What's a test it? Wow. Give it a scream. Oh, you're joking. I'm pushing it into its limits. Anyway, yesterday's pool, man. This wasn't a record I don't think it was, but maybe in the post-Alihan era it was. Right? It's not a 317 votes, not too shamby, man. The election is five weeks away from yesterday, which applies to you. I'm voting Rock Solid for Kiri. Rock Solid. 1637.3%. How do you like that? Let's only let our volumes vote. I'm voting Rock Solid for Bush. Rock Solid. 268. 111% of people who just didn't get it. I'm leaning to Kiri. 111. And you also said, nice tanies got now. Ha ha ha ha. Just a couple days after I talked about how pasty looked at old coloring in space and they gave them a tan in a bottle. Well, it's all that. What's the difference between doing it? Leaning the Kiri. 111. I don't finish mid-85. I'm leaning to Bush 70. In other words, leaning as far to the right as you can without falling down yet. I'm not eligible to vote 57.2 young, too illegal like yours, too stupid. I'm voting for a Nader 50 down to 2.1%. Which goes to show you, if you threaten the Nader people with violence, they say, oh yeah, well, we're not doing that. And I'm not voting period 46.9%. Pretty Paul for you people about bonus. In this crowd anyway. Because this crowd cares in my right. There you go. And the ones who don't care, they're long grown anyway. They're busy trying to find some more lesbians. Oh, speaking of a finding something, Ashley Johnson, are being curtain today. And if John Askrop don't get to do anything like pulling your files out. See if that was going to say, I know. Yeah, that was all worried. What? I'm going to ask. Is he on the judge? Yeah. Anyway, she was born April 19, 1968. That makes her 36. Spud? And she was born in Grenada Hills, Is that Grenada? I would think in California, but I don't know how they say it. Something Calhills California. They did Robert and Ero, how do you like that? Well, I thought she had better taste than that. Anyway, her filmography, do you love Lee? But that it's the lie in full it's the lovely member that? No, no, I don't either. Twisted, freedom, divine secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood. High crimes? What? That's the funny name. Yeah, of the Ya Ya Sisterhood. Hi, what's the funny? Hi, I'm a liar. High crimes? Someone like you, the Ryan interview, where the heart is, our friend Martin. What? What? That must be the Martin that's on the passions now. We'll look so much better without that pasty. We're going to dig nose from 100 years ago. Double jeopardy. Well, I need to find out on passions is the Alistair Recrain. Is that the original one that was on the show is that why they didn't show us face for like last two years? Alistair Cook? Alistair Cook Crane. I had to be holder. Simon Burj, I like the other one better. Kiss the girls. The locals normal life at time to kill Norma Jean and Marilyn Heat Smoke. Schwitz. Natural boy. She's been in a lot of stuff. Everybody knows Ashley. Judd, one of my wasting all my time with that for. Well, we've got important fish to fry, right? Right. She's the hot judge. She'll do this fine. It's supposed to like what's his name? What's the other drug the actor? Judd her. Judd Nelson. Oh, Judd Nelson. Ooh, I get to Lily's thing about him. He's got kind of like a strange, you know. Judd herses a good actor though. Yes, he is. He's in every school for a train. Okay, Kitty Kelly is a great authorist. I don't forget to read that. Kitty Kelly stuff. Oh yeah. From her book, The Family, The Real Story, The Bush Dynasty, was the Britsay dynasty. A lot of they say that because they're constipated because they're much of sewage fools, because they still. Oh, and all the big flat thou about how Prince Harry is only making a few pounds in the military. Oh, let's have a collection. Let's take up a offering for Prince Harry. Oh, but for baby. I'm so sick and terribly embarrassed. And that's the reason for all the problems in the world. They're the ones that drove her, but whatever whatever, whatever, in the roasties they have today. It's because of the Brits. Oh, before we just have better do the break. Oh, we got two most breaks. Oh, no, you can just go. What do you mean by that? You go girl. Yeah, they played our first spot. So go ahead. So I can do the dial on my first and then I'll be the other break. That's right. Excellent. Okay. Okay. Alright, so I can just keep going. I was going to give a little tease there. I thought that would be very effective. Maybe later. I like the list of sure would be very effective. But right away, George Cortez, I'm no no, keep going. Keep going. Okay. Alright. Just pick it on your little bit when you get used to it. Anyway, here's the deal. I don't want to be your whole butt from this book I would like to. But no, just a couple of pages here. T-Fec is good that we got this time together now. This is in regard to the, um, oh, I'm telling you this talk about a sellout. Anybody that thinks that John McCain is a real upstairs. Oh, brother used to be the American hero. You talk about a guy that has no, no self respect. No principles of what, so whatever. He was on, uh, what's his name last night. Lou Dobbs and CNN, the certainly about news, not seen that work. And just an absolute sellout. You ought to be a shane here, self-missory. That's why God's punishing you with all these two words and your cheek keeps it puffin' up. Anyway, kitty Kelly writes, four days before the South Carolina primary, the two GOP candidates being in motion McCain, and that we're initially televised debate. It was standing awkwardly next to each other in a studio and McCain turned to his rival. George, he said slowly shaking his head with disgust. The governor played my godfather rules. John, he said, it's politics. George, everything isn't politics. During the debate McCain did uphold back. You should be ashamed. He said, test your getting bush for campaigning with a man with malign McCain's conmic movement to veterans. Bush ought back without rage over the end of the accused him of prison style truth twisting. Whatever you do, don't equate my integrity in first word in his to Bill Clinton, Bush said. That's about as low of law as you can go into Republican primary. More or the any of us at this table cannot perform Bill Clinton. After the debate, the candidates assembled for group picture. George walked over and grasped both McCain's hands in his own. John, he said, we've got to start running a better campaign. McCain was in sense by the hypocrisy. Don't give me that Schmidt, he's snarled and take your hands off me. By the time voters went to the polls, the two candidates had come to low of each other. The Council in McCain 54 to 41 percent. George Lund South Carolina established himself as Republican front right over an opponent who had described his self-righteous. The reason why I think a few of those people are still angry at me is because we interfered with the coordination McCain said, look, Bush and his people will have to live with a legacy of South Carolina, I don't. And his conception speech is centered, I want the presidency in the best way, not the worst way. He then charged in the Michigan and turn Bush's tactics against Tim, are running a telephone bank that reminded Catholic voters and George's appearance at the virally anti-Catholic Bob Jones University. George hit behind the skirts of his Mexican sister-in-law. The wise support to policy against interracial dating, of course not, my own brother, Jed, the great governor of Florida, married a girl from Mexico, Colombia, a famous person, plus she's a Catholic. Not even in a South-to-Nation laws and Texas had considered Mexicans a separate race. McCain questioned how that responsive, skewed George's favorite is Speak Out Against Bigotrieb. He blised at Bush's a low-road campaigner who would stoop to anything including character assassination to win, McCain beat George 50.8 percent to 43 in Michigan. Hating in the New York primary, MR7-2000, George Scrabble to make a man's to the state 7.3 million Catholics for his Bob Jones appearance. With Catholics constituting about 45 percent of the GOP primary turnout, George wrote a letter to New York's John Cardinal O'Connor saying he regretted not condemning the anti-Catholic policy to be fundamental as school. He did not apologize, nor did he acknowledge that by accepting the invitation for Bob Jones University, he had legitimized the school's bigotry. In an editorial called Boy George's bogus confession, the New York Daily News criticized him for pandering. Boy showed him was willing to sacrifice principles for votes they said. The Democratic National Committee printed up T-shirts for reporters covering the Bush campaign that said Bob Jones Redemption tour. Still, the George won the New York primary and by Super Tuesday, he and he and Al Gore secured their parties nominations. Their campaigns began an earnest, definitely political conventions. George's scorched earth tactics in South Carolina had enraged his critics especially Larry Flint, the publisher of Hustler Magazine, who felt that Bush's stand on social absence before marriage was the height of hypocrisy. Bush's pledge to put federal funds into absence programs further outwage Flint who argued that such programs did not reduce teen sex. For now seeing Bush a Minister society that pornography hired two investigated reporters to explore every aspect of an ever-essential past and October 2000, the claim would hit payder. Appearing on CNN's crossfire, Flint leeds the George W. Bush had appropriated a woman in the 1970s when he was living at the Shaco, D. John, and Houston. According to Flint, George W. and abortion true physician, who purportedly performed a procedure at Houston's 12-box medical center. When I said that we had the proof I'm referred to knowing who the girl was, and knowing who the doctor was and performed the abortion, evidence from girlfriends of hers at the time when we were about the romance and the subsequent abortion. The other lady does not want to go public, or not her willingness, they don't feel that we're unsolved and legal ground to go with the story. One of the things that interest to us was that this abortion took place before Roe Vue, which made it a crime at the time. Without confirmation from the woman, who sent a madman in the eye agent, the means for him pressed wouldn't touch the story. Walter Isips informed editor of Time Magazine wouldn't go with it because the very Flint was involved to dry and do all in the system time editor, even though he had four affidavits from the woman's friends. Do you hear that? Even though he had four affidavits from the woman's friends, they wouldn't touch it on the story either. Michael Isickoff of Newsweek said, certainly there was a great deal of circumstantial evidence to support it, but without the woman herself coming forward to admit that Bush remains to abortion, we couldn't do anything with it. Richard Gooding of the National Unquiar said that when he interviewed the woman she did not have an abortion, she admitted they dated exclusively for six months, but said they never had the kind of sex that would get her pregnant. The story was pursued because of Bush's stand against abortion and a stretch of support a human like a man to the Constitution, which would overturn Roe Vue. As governor, he signed 18 anti-abortion laws and as a presidential candidate, promised to appoint only pro-liked judges, that the little tip from a book that goes on like six hundred and some odd pages, Kitty Kelly the family, or set the family. Pretty scary crap, but don't confuse the public with the facts. It's just amazing to me. I mean, our audience must be very astute, you know? Yes, or are rest of America, or are these polls just bogus? The polls are bogus. Because they're record breaking registration for voters, even in the county, no less among many people is being English, which I was scary and included in them and in Philadelphia and a place that's from coast to coast and put it opposed and speak in that. Move on.org, those of you who are members who get the regular emails and sure you know about this, but in case you're not, the latest email I got this morning from Adam Ruben. He's so famous, even in the Sanwich after. Dear Howard County, move on, pack volunteers from across power county Thursday night to cheer on John Kerry. You go, John, we sure like that new town out of a bottle, baby. As he takes on George Bush and the first presidential debate and learn what we can do on a ground to help beat Bush. Or you can't say that. Our sure hope that is going to those budget meetings. Sports. He hears us a beat Bush, he'll go nuts. Thursday, September 30th. That's day after tomorrow, the first time I checked my calendar. 8 PM, the default loader, it all has 20, 61 or federal highway and for loader rail if you can come and set a place you can click on. If you not a move on, or remember, don't have the email, just go to move on.org and you can also participate. It says we're kicking off the party at 8 PM of an appearance by move on, packs new, Brewer County lead organizer Glenn Hurowitz. Glenn Hurowitz. Glenn Hurowitz, a house of plan for beating Bush and Brewer County is part of the leave no vote of behind project and get party attendees to chance to sign up to leave the charge mobilizing voters in Brewer County. After that we'll gather around the television to cheer on Kerry and make sure to route an 8 PM for the presentation with only 34 days left until a selection. It is critical that everybody can get involved. It's got a thing if you want to sign up and click this. Click that and click it all over the place. Got it? Good. Oh, and Jeff Bush, your fat ass governor, was a Paul yesterday. You know, when Jimmy Carter said that it's very difficult to believe the floor elections will be held honest and legit and the could have the same problems all over again. And he was appalled after having been such a such a great respect for our former president Carter and all the great work he's done after he left office and the odd yati. And he said, well, we're getting it from all sides. Now, even a group called move on dot org is suggesting that this recent epidemic of hurricanes inforters because of global warming. Can you believe that? Yeah. Carmy. That's your fat ass governor. A lot of you people voted for me on a hanger heads and you know, you're a man. You're a man. You're a man. That is unbelievable. What else is unbelievable? Joint Georgian book of Ryan from five to seven for happy hour this afternoon at Treasure Island. Okay, it's a poem. It was another Wednesday at Treasure Island. Just know if I'll be hundred and twenty second three days. It's stopped by for prizes and check out this way of speech. That's definitely Evans. She's the ping pong champ. Yeah, I'm going to go the things. Yeah. She'll pop out a few long time. All kinds of ping pong balls. Anyway, I want to get to, you know, he's got those budget meetings. A lot of stress for the buff myster if he's probably driving over to Grace House right now. Now, I know that our good friend or tomato engineer came this morning about eight forty five. Put in that piece of equipment. And now we feel like, hey, we can really do a show now. You know, without the stress of just waiting for that big. That thing we were off again, you know. There's a little bit stressful to be honest with him. Would you say, at least on this end, you don't have to worry about it. Right. You did. Here's the pull for today. Now, I want to thank Sean who's a little, I don't know. He just says that too many good pull ideas last few months. But all of a sudden he redeemed himself. What are you most most about the 60s? And of course, he's got 70s and 80s and 90s and whatever. And about last week. But so we got several choices on here, which some he gave in some I stuck in there and maybe there's some other ones. What are you most most about the 60s? Well, the first one I wasn't born yet. So for all you punts out there, all you young people still have a long way to live. Unlike some of the rest of us, we're going to be dead soon. Here's the choices. The sex. Sure, I put the loose sex. You just have sex. I think they don't what you're talking about. Oh. Some of them don't ever will. The sex, the drugs, the music, Jack and Bobby, Animal fast food. Now, that was Sean. I don't know what he's talking about. What was the Animal fast food in the 60s? In other words, it was actually good in those days as opposed to the way it is. There was? That's their take. I'll put it on there just for Sean's sake. But I think it was the same crap we got. Now, Democrats with balls, that's definitely. Democrats with balls. Free maps and gas stations. Segregation for all your bigots out there and hippie chicks. Oh yeah. See some of these like cross over with each other, but nevertheless. So that's what you omiss-mode of most about the 60s. And a lot of people say I wasn't born yet, and then after that, get lost. 10th, 56, at 5, 60, WQAM. I've been telling you for a while now, why you need to shop at 1,800 mattress, which I've been doing for a long time. Well, now I want to tell you even more. Fat on mattresses, probably carry silly posture, feed it. The number one brand in mattresses in the universe. Call 1-800 mattress 2 day, and you'll get factory-direct prices on all, silly posture pedics. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same date delivery all across out forward, though. That calling 1-800 mattress, you choose from the deepest and widest selection of silly bending all available for same date delivery. And don't forget, you still get to pick the date and 2-0 window for delivery to fit your schedule. What is convenient for you and, bottom mattresses on time, 9-D-9.7% of the time. Bottom mattress still like number one across the massade spectrum in the world. They were winners of the 2000 photo that are business bureau local for its excellence award. All the smart folks are making a call even some who don't have that right away. I bring you to this, though, making a call because they know, even those folks are worth it wasting your time in the bending of department stores is just a tremendous waste of money, too. Call 1-800 mattress, and as soon as tonight, it will be sleep like a baby for years to come. 1-800-MATT-RESRON-WICK-AWVE-It-MACRES.COM 1-800-MATT-RESRON-WICK-AWVE-It-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MACRES-MAC-RES-MACRES-MACRES A lot of packages and gifts and where to go with. And a lot of them. Where the new kids take a plane, all the furthest train, The furthest train on your boat. Look at their ride and those of the places, Those who track are sitting, And a snack on the sitting, old and new. Ooh. And a lot of packages and gifts and where to go. And a lot of them. Watch the solid. I'm about to have a 50, WQM happy Wednesday too. Even I'm at Volatrain, and now here it's a hoot. Yeah, that was, I'm, what's the weather up there in the beginning? I had like a button in the opposition. Because I was looking at, I was rebooting and retooting and hooting. Right, how are you? And how come they knew Paul isn't up there yet? What do you call? Well, then I just got reading about what you missed most about the 60s. No, no, I don't remember you reading that. The one that I fixed Eric last night that I was expecting fully would be on there. Right now, I don't know. We just, there's nothing about it. I don't know about it. We just can't quite seem to be able to get everything in here. I don't know if they're getting synchronized. We got this great new piece of equipment on this thing. Sounds really sensational. Almost like a real thing. We'll just don't beat on this one. Well, if you better hope I do if it starts screwing up again. Yeah. I thought we just knew. You had to do pull up on your thing. Is that it? I mean, picking on poor Eric. If it's only me and I haven't re-clicked it. Oh, I got my last table. I got to say a little bit of pull. I'm curious still way to hell ahead. I don't get it. Anyway, I'm sure he's working on it feverishly right now. I'm going to get stunned. Maybe we'll get the new pull up there. Reports weren't out. We probably want to get a few calls in here, right? WQA. WQA. WQA. WQA. Oh, here. I missed about the 60s. Yeah. I missed the white athlete, man. I missed the white athlete. Why? Why not? All right. Let's get that on there. Why not? Why not? You're just going to add it to it when it gets up there. Yeah. I just make a list of these that you'll add to it. If I'm going to work, I'll get to the pull up there. I'm sure he is very busy now. I like that. I'm probably only still I will leave you now. WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? What do you think about this or kill now with these? They're going to put our slaughter back in our C-C-Pla trip. We don't get to the... We don't count your horses before they catch, okay? Fee-Lur. We got that way down in my pull. Look at the fever. We're going to get to the expo. We'll get all of those little sports notes, okay? They're like a footnote to our lives. What do I think about... First of all, I don't understand... I'm not going to agree with him. I'm not going to get sucked into that, okay? They didn't get a real quarterback and other pain and price for it. Oh, I guess what? We're going to start fever again this week. He's going to be this solution. I don't give it. They could put auto-gram in there. They could put Dan Rino back in John L. way. They could bring back Bart's star. They could dig up who out of the alley one. And would that be the rest of that team wouldn't make any difference at all? Am I right? Yeah. Yes. See, even George knows it. No more dolphin calls to look at you to the signal, okay? The signal will be like that. When you hear that, yeah. W-Q-A-M-H-O. Q-A-M. That was one step. Can you hear the way that sounded to click? That was him. W-Q-A-M-H-O. Good boy. Good boy. Q-A-M-H-O. Good boy. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, like talking to you? Speaking. Yeah, well, I'm talking about yesterday you brought up George Bush's father. There's a great, uh, talk about first-got-forish, uh, autobiography if you go to Google and put Bush on all the right biography. Can I say you put the cumble on highlight? No. Yeah, I'm read that thing about that. And then we had that whole lengthy story about Pressken Bush and our website. It's bad enough that I read all this stuff. We heard it on one people, but I'll do a script to it. Thank you very much for the answer. I see it, dolphin time. Uh, this is the report's warned of violent posts were reckoned again. The media should be screaming about this. All it was is they touched it very lightly. And then they moved on. Of course, move on. That us. U.S. intelligence agencies warned in two pre-war reports to press an ambush and Congress then an invasive Iraq would increase support for terrorist organizations and lead the way of violent post-war occupation U.S. official would access to the class of our documents said yesterday. The reports were prepared by the NIC, the National Intelligence Council, senior intelligence analysts who pool assessments from across the nation's 15 intelligence organizations. American intelligence, I think, is rapidly becoming an oxy more on. The council reports to the CIA director. That's Porter, Michelle Goss, now. The official described the contents of the January 2003 documents insisted on anonymity because they were made classified. He wants to stay alive. Congress, which received the reports of the same time that were presented at the White House early 2003, had authorized Bushmark tober 2002 to use military force against Saddam Hussein's regime. The same month, the council produced a controversial NIC, an national intelligence estimate that found a rathead a chemical and biological weapons program and a nuclear weapons program. This is August to report on the prospects for growing instability in Iraq. Porter, Michelle Goss, defined a comment on the latest reports. One focused on your term, which was in Iraq posed by the aftermath of an invasion. The other was said to mid-alonged her potential problems with a middle east that could be sparked by an invasion of occupation. The primary warning in this report was about unrest among Iraqi factions. That's how much violence directed the occupying force. In fact, the intelligence reports and occupying forces would be needed to suppress civil strife. Oh, and you liked that. No, the powers in candy, huh? Okay, you were just not catching them. Oh, I see. By the way, Peter Patrick, there's a new poll up there right now. Because the audio just went on on the internet right now. TIR, you're kidding me. So, in other words, somebody there didn't flip the buttons, what that's all about. Yeah, somebody there didn't do this thing at 1040 when I was working with her. No. Well, you know, this is getting really pond-wrestling. Another example of how we can't do this show, and we keep getting the screw over, because we got all these different things that have to be done. And when certain people are in Iraq, move, they do it when they're in Iran, and they just don't do it. Well, it's getting really freaking pond-wrestling if you ask me. So, that's why I couldn't hear it because the internet just went off. Oh, brother. I'm telling you, this show is rapidly becoming like an afterthought on this radio station. I was in such a hurry. We got the engineering here. We put the piece of equipment in. Everything's coming along just fine. Maybe I'll get that other check today, and then we'll maybe not. But, boy, this is getting really freaking pond-wrestling. We're like, we're like a stepchild. We're like a prisoner to, we're like a whim of whoever they're supposed to be flicking it. And I think they're flicking the wrong thing if you ask me, and probably a lot. Okay, there's a pool on there. What do you want to miss? Well, okay, that's it. Wasn't born yet for it. All right. Here's a facts from Vernon. I'm so depressed that you told me that that we just went online. Because we just went online. Because we just went online. Because we just went online. There we go. There we go. After we started, you know, I type in the little thing, you know, hey, you know, where are you? How can we have to change the pool? And it's like, oh, is it stirred over? Hmm, you had no idea. How do you like that? Vernon says, just two things I'd like to bring up. Two things. Why does he say that twice? Well, it's two things. Number one, I know you don't listen to one or three point five. I've been playing Republican ads, which are stating that Democratic Party has been racist. And as the Nathan forever, for Afro American people. And that it was a blink and a free display. Then there was his Republican party who gave me $400 in, income tax alone. So far, I've heard four different ads on that radio station, each one's sitting in a different region. Like Afro American should vote now for the Republican Party, saying what the Democrats have done for, What have the Democrats done for the Afro Americans lately? What have you done for us lately, huh? Number two, I was watching a talk show last night that was a voice support around. He basically said that if we don't have a major attack on American soil before the elections, we should throw for George's W Bush because it shows he's doing good job protecting us. But if we do have an attack on American soil before the election, we should rally around the present. We're left in for another four years. There you go. And maybe if we're thinking about getting a terrorist attack, then we definitely ought to vote for Bush, right? Right. But more importantly, I tend to this country is going to hell in the handcast. We need all to vote several times. Not good man. For Kerry's body says, how can't get anywhere. There you go. How can anybody do any worse? Everywhere you look, the news is bad. It's grim. It's bleak. So let's vote for Bush again. Let's have four more years of hell. Right. Now, speaking that, here's a little bit of good news. We don't want to be too negative because we always get accused of going to show any other sound negative. I got news for if you're working with this job, but you might be a little bit negative too. Okay. You come over to a big smile on your face more than a half an hour. You're like, your smile is turned to a frown. Looks like you're back to them upside down. New vote is flooding election offices. Here's some good news. A bad news. New voters are flooding local election offices with paperwork registering and significantly higher numbers than four years ago. As attentionably, presidential election runs high and in a way of active a group for recruit will be voters who could prove critical kind of number of the truth. Cleveland has been seeing nearly twice as many new voters registered so far as compared with 2000. Philadelphia is having its biggest boom in new voters in 20 years and counties are bringing in temporary workers and employees from other agencies to help process all the new registration forms. Nationwide figures aren't available yet, but anecdotal evidence shows an upswing in many places often urban but some rural. Some wonder whether the new voters, some of whom sign up at the insistence of the voters paid by get out the vote organizations, will actually make it to the polls election day, but very few dispute the registration boom. It's boom and over there. We're swan said, Bob Lee, who oversees vote registration in Philadelphia, it seemed like everybody in their little group is out there trying to register people. Some examples of interviews with state and county officials across the country. Do you want some? We'll hear that. New registered voters in date county, a crucial thought of county in 2000, grew by 65% through the middle of this month compared with 2000. New registered voters jumped nearly 150% in high-hoger counties, Cleveland, Ohio, one of the most hard-fought states this year. And that's with some time left until registration deadlines fall beginning in October, Curtis Gaines said the committee for the study the American Leftwood said a clear national picture of what emerged until more applications are processed next month and came to a list of the league of women voters caution that some years that promised a boom in new voters turned out to be done on election day. The danger is that new voters may not be a criminal showing up at the polls as long time voters. Turning people out to vote is tougher than game the register said Douglas, who works with local election officials as the head of the election set or non-profit group. rural areas which trended conservative and Republican aren't necessarily reporting the same growth as urban, more liberal and democratic strongholds. Raised those county taxes hasn't beaten its 2000 number so far, the official said applications are now rolling in. The state of Oklahoma, however, saw new registrations in July and August increased by 60% compared with four years ago. Officials in Oklahoma said they had 16,000 new Republican registrations, 15,000 new Democrats, oh, we better go get them and 3,500 new independence. In Oregon, we're new registrations grew by 4% from January through September 1, Democrats are registered Republicans to the one. And by the way, I don't know why it's not on anybody's website, but Supreme Court said that Oregon did not have to put any run-of-bell if they won't. I just mentioned that. For some strange reason you see, you know, if you watch the crawl on CNN or MSNBC, watch the crawl on CNN or MSNBC, you watch the crawl on CNN or MSNBC. Oh, she don't want to read more about that. Well, guess what? You can't, because it ain't there. What does that all about? Well, they don't want to pass too much of like important news a lot. I'm going to say that you are the largest, and exclusively, I'm by 60% in the end. You're like this guy. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. You're like a baby, I'm a baby. 11, I've seen it five, 60, WCQ, I'm happy Wednesday too. Let's see the pull is up now, and we have debate on whether that's streaming was going on or not, be cornered over the next fast. Anyway, what do you most most about those 60s? Wasn't born yet, 27. You know what percentage that is? I've turned to me. Democrats with balls 20, the music 12, Tippy, Tix 10, the sex eight, light athletes for Jack and Bobby for. Let's see it in no more. The drugs for free maps and gas stations one. Segregation on edible fast food, none of them. That means edible fast food. Although there was carols. Carols what? Carols driving, drive through. Kind of like an early, I don't know, before McDonald's or on the same time. Real salty fries. I mean, real, oh, salty. Anyway, here's the facts is how about a pulse of just in for tomorrow, who's your favorite grumpy old coot? Like Marlon Brando, Bob Dull, H. Wayne Heizard and the arrogus. And your streaming came on at 10, 40 this morning says this, Spencer. So now we have a little bit of a dialema here, right? Now what can you do? Well, my understanding of it is that there's two different things. We shut everything down during the search show as you know. The streaming is one thing and then the audio actually coming from these studios, AKA the Neal Roger show. That's something that has to happen in addition to the streaming. The station sends out. Well, what does that mean? It means bottom line is we could have been streaming but no one could be. It could have been here in the show. Because when Josh went and told, well, what did he hear? What did he hear at 10, 40? Whatever he knows. We have in whatever they played breaks and things like that. So we need the facts to clarify. Did they actually hear the Neal Roger? Yeah, we need somebody out there who listens online to clarify us. One didn't the Neal Roger show actually come online. It's more not that we think Eric might be lying or that he fell back asleep again or never woke up in a first place. But his audio recording didn't come on until we sent Josh out to correct the problem. Yeah. Well, who's that charge of that? Who's the first to throw that switch? I don't know. What do you mean by that? I guess Robert technical. Robert, great for him. If we've told him once we've told him, yeah, a thousand times, he actually said he did it. So he did it. Yeah, I don't believe that. He's been saying he did it for years. Nobody believes him. No, he doesn't have any proof. No, no chance. And anyway, I don't get it. I think it sabotage you is what it is. Probably that George Corso where else maybe Bob or Mooth is in a building again. You know, every time he comes in a building, you know what? Does every time corporate shows up meaning Bob or Mooth. Everything falls apart. That's what tough always says. Observers for C. Snags in US election. Uh-oh. More your county lies. International Observers find potential problems loom for US presidential election. Next thing you know move on that or it will be telling you the reason we had all those hurricanes is because of global warming. Stuff like that. Says fat ass governor. He said that with a straight face yesterday that fat ass governor jamboshi yours. That's so many of you voted for it. Like I said, ought to be whipped for it. Problems loom for the presidential election, including voting equipment changes. That could delay the outcome past November 2. A group of international observers said Tuesday and report. Yes, he robber creeper if he doesn't street get the stream it on in time. That means fewer people are going to hear our left wing propaganda. And knowing what a self-hating idea that he is right a right wing piece of crap. That's probably what the whole deal is. I'm just making the wrong reason. They won't hear you. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, that's a streamer. They don't hear Neil Screamin. Screamer. Right. That's me. Grumpy old koot. I like that. That's good. Five member team from the organization for security and cooperation in Europe. A 55 state security group invited by the Bush administration. Also appointed a problem for the voter registration list and provision on abs and deed balance allegations of voter intimidation and slow implementation of the Help America Vote Act. Like the Beatles said, we help baby help. In general, the nation, my replacement of voting equipment inspired by the speech Witness during the 2000 elections primarily in Florida. I'd potentially become a source of even greater controversy between the four coming elections City 11 page report. Maybe somebody's going to call it and tell us if we were streaming it on. I bet you lie nine knows the answer. QA and hello. Ah, yes. That was orange pass that that's called about if you vote for Bush. Forget the tax or if we don't get the tax. So there's one of those craziest things I've ever heard. You don't want to think about warming or warming or enhancing it. A Mormon without the second in. Exactly. One thing I could do is maybe listen to the Orlando Stern station. It's like a 1.9 O'Roc and yeah, he might not see that. He'll want to hear that. Okay. Can I get a request for the retardment. Quite a thing. Great onions which I'm so sad it was on as a system of the public. Well, let me just let you know. I'm sorry. Tell a band of day and take care of your garden show. You got a mind. So much stuff. It's unbelievable. I like that. So take a minute. Take a bite. There's a good couple of Orlando. How do you like that? Don't be picking on Orlando, Bulkab Ryan. That is a good idea. Very good. What's going to be? Can we start with green onions? Yeah. I know. You're a good kid. Come on. Come on. Quick picking on Orlando. Oh. Go. Go. There's an airland. You local. So this boyfriend or one. No. Actually what can happen is like in the little chat box that you went to Erica. You were in each morning. You can always say, you know, just give like a little heads up. Oh, sir. Just ended. We're on now. And if he sees that and then he'll know that if he can't hear it, that's something is wrong. And we can send somebody in the beat the crap out of Robert Greeper. Okay. We can send him one day. Freepers to beat the crap out of Greeper. What are you saying? Is Josh doing tobacco today? Are you chewing tobacco? I definitely am not. That is the most disgusting thing. I'll tell you one thing. If he comes in and splits at you. You'll know. You'll spit at the cup. So I was wondering. Maybe he's got one of those tests coming up. Maybe the Marlin organization wants to know if they want to bring him back next season to work on those games with Dave Ann Boyne. Maybe he has to take a shifittle test or make a Josh Beckett's got something to do with it. Anyway, if I can get back to this very important story, it's as many of the new touchscreen machines that will be used by up to 50 million voters on November 2. Do not produce the paper ballots. Need a for manual read kind of the votes, which is why what's his name? Bobby Rexler is suing in. Why they finally said the courts better listen to it because it's outrageous. This may cause post-election disputes and litigation potentially delaying the announcement of final results. Not again. They're afraid of sitting on that curb rocking back and forth with his head in his hands. Again. Again. Again. Yeah. We don't pass and go through that crap again. I'm sorry that right now, which is why all you anti-bush people. You know, to some out saying why all you pro-carry people forget about that. That's hopeless. All you anti-bush people better go out there and vote for a carry several times. I mean, as Zidian times. Get dead people to vote. Kadylegal alien people to send in their votes and little bottles on their rubber rafts. Anything you can. So, to be honest, we don't have to be subjected. We're not the four years of embarrassment, humiliation and death all around the world. So, that people don't hate America just like, like poison. If ever, if ever that expression came into play, man. They hate us like poison. Now is the time. Yeah. On 9, 12, 2001, that afternoon, 11, they all loved us. They felt for us. Even the economy, pink, was in China. Everyone, they loved us. But now, the too much eel wheel. And we're not talking North Korea either, baby. I think we got to blow a pack of Stan and Saudi Arabia. By the way, $50 in 10 cents a barrel for oil, not good news. 26 pounds. Thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. 26 after 11 and 5, 16 WQA and guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're a first time home buyer or refinancing and taking cash out, they're definitely your best choice. Your antique mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service, and this is not only their promises they're guaranteed. Call them today at their toll-free number, 1-800-734-6616. At your antique mortgage bankers, their role is to build a lifelong relationship with their customers. They did just that with a couple of moved down from New Jersey. Hadn't started to new jobs yet, but found a house they'd love. A couple of handled in South Florida for more than a week. Advertisement, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago, a month ago the price was gone, a start, a month ago, a month ago a month ago, a month ago, a month ago a month ago, a month ago and the price was just retired a month ago, a month ago, billion a month ago, a month ago a month ago, a month ago, a month ago. speaking on elege 😍 am i he is captures jogo Where'd she go so we can go? 1131-29 until no. What's the schedule look like today? Simul stuff. Thank goodness. May I dog it to the Humphorid 4 or 630 Marlins on deck and Marlins look to sweep the Expose formerly the Montreal Expose to be the DC something. 705 the night etiquette for the baseball game. Yeah the Expose are moving to DC is as surprised. No big story though. Big surprise. More facts is that I'll say the same thing. You were on the internet immediately after Howard's turn today which means 1040 this morning of their votes. Also Jeff says I listen to him on every day that you came out about 1040. Not 20, but 1040, not 50, but 1040. That's what we thought. So that's what we thought. So that's what you're here with a cramp. How about you farting? It must be on his end. Whatever. There's something on his end though right about 120 pounds of fat. That's what's on his end. Man. What is going on with that child? I mean you could admit to what Staggy sluts in or whatever. Would be the first time you were in the middle of the chart room. Yeah. Maybe he was like chat walking. I think he was doing something like that. I would chat. He could see on here and you had another nod. Anyway, I'm thinking about that. Speaker to start against the gen. I think like that. Oh my god. What a bunch of chat. The dolphins will start to eat feed the recorder back in place of AJ Tussie Feely Sunday after the against the visiting New York Jets. Two NFL sources said yesterday like it's a big surprise. The dolphins are we need of a state or performance of a position with TV throwing five interceptions in the 1040s he's played after a place in Feelyman halftime of the season opening lost to Tennessee because they didn't have any bagels in Tennessee and say it was porked off about it. Feelyman who has a 35 to 17 record is a stardust in string dolphins in 2000. That's 35 and 17. Hell they pre-seasoned challenge from La Feely off but was yanked after a trophy two other sections in the first half against Tennessee. The dolphins enter Sunday's game with the NFL's 31st ranked offense and they are all entry. You can't get much more offensive than that. They are all entry. So not a state for J Feelyman or a game throwing him to the wolves again. Throw him into the lions dim. And he's got a child of his chances when I would tell him. Anyway, Major League Baseball, the movie, exploits the Washington is anybody here. So the people in Montreal here, dollars up and nobody lives in Washington anyway. They here. Major League Baseball announced today their Washington will be the new home of the Montreal Expose. They had over 5000 listed in the Vascular last night Josh. That's the beta. Big improvement over the 3200 from the night before. We must because there were a lot of time. Won't be long before the last game is played in Montreal. Do they have another home series or was that it? Who does that? Who cares? A city is not seen. Bring back the baseball to Washington for the first time in 33 years since those nasty Washington senators. See this poll that we're taking today. I'm not sure we want to leave that thing up there. Maybe we ought to take a poll on AJ Feely and Pussy Feely. Huh? Okay. I thought looking at him might be good. See it only 28.6% said they weren't born yet. Well that's not our audience. Okay. If only 28% of our audience wasn't born in the 60s then all the rest of our audiences gone or else we just don't have any. All the faults like me all crows. But to understand like 69 is 35 years ago. Right. So even if you were like let's say you were all 10 years old in 69. That makes you would 45 would be now. Okay. I'll take your word for it. Right. So that means that 75% of the audience is over 45. I don't think so. Well who knows? Who cares? I just needed to pull me just fine. Anyway getting back to the important thing. Montreal over Washington. The city is planning its own news conference at downtown Washington location. Hoping that they won't get mugged. I think we'll be in a position where we can have a celebration tomorrow. Mayor Anthony Williams told W.S.A. TV yesterday. The announcement will come a day before the 33rd anniversary of the Washington Center's final game. How does Harman Killer road do in? How is somebody old Washington senators come on? You know him, Josh. Oh yeah. Huh? Gus Zernio. Why he played for the Kansas City A's? I think Gus Zernio. Harman Killer road. You're gonna say well he played for the Minnesota twins. But before the Minnesota twins would have been a sort of twins. What were they? The Washington senators there you go. What would have they suck? The senators moved to Texas after the 71 season, which is also last never major league team change cities. Next you're gonna be talking about people like Norm Seabord and Jerry Lumpy. When you became a mayor's degree name was Jerry Lumpy, yeah, change it. You should be taking your dumpy. Lumps and your dumps. Baseball is looking for new home for the expose in that goes on. I'm not sure about the X-ball. It's not about the Washington senators. All we know is that Marlon's kind of like sucked when they're last couple of weeks. After they gave everybody a little bit of a thrill there for a while. It was not that bad to give it a their best shot. Right? Yeah. I'll be picking on him for Marley. Yeah. Well you're gonna say, yeah. Oh yeah. They're great. I'm gonna say that. Could he just suck off again for next season? They're the reigning world champions. Yeah. It's reigning all right. Anyway, what do you miss most about the 60s? Two hundred one votes? That's pretty good considering you're getting his dancing up there. You're going to have to go over to the clock. Hey, we understand there if you're under a lot of stress and pressure, you don't lie to us though. We know you're full of crap. Haha. Can't you just hear the crap? You had a call from Eric. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. What do you say? You have something you can't say? No, no. He's like, okay, I just made it all up. Well, I'm glad you admitted that. Haha. Haha. Whoa. For Eric, man, I'm gonna hang him in a rubber room by 1230 guaranteed. Ah, better be a big one. Wasn't born yet, 50%, 20%, 20%. See, I think a lot of people are voting on some of these other, like the music, for example. You don't have to have been born in the 60s to love the music. That's correct. You can't even use it, like, more town and the Beatles and the Beach Boys and Stores. Right. See, we George, it always comes back to something stone. How's that partnership doing over there around a corner next to Chuck? They're definitely noticed where that is. Yeah, but he pointed it out to me. Yeah, they'll give you a little bit of a Haitian haircut in there. Really? Wasn't born yet, 56, but it was born in a grassroots with balls 38, the music, 29, only 29. The hippie chicks, 21. The sex 21, which I see hippie chicks in the sex, like, little, spill over there, so to speak. White athletes 12, Zack and Bobby 10, the drugs 10, segregation 3, three, three maps against Asians 1, edible fast food, a Sean, I hate to break the news to you, but it's still got to be. I don't know what that means, and neither do you see, I'm sure. Audible fast food, one was there ever any edible fast food? I mean, that doesn't mean they didn't taste good, they tasted just as good. That was the same. When did they time to start poisoning people? I mean, in my lifetime, if that's a clue. Yeah. I don't know 60s though, when I was 60s, McDonald's, like, 70s, I would have seen. That was a real crock, and he had curls, like I said. I mean, I don't know about Burger King, where they were at. Who's this? He's here now. Huh? We could go to it. There was always Burger Queen, remember her? Him? No. Yeah, you do. We talked about this a million times. I don't want to get off on food again. God, I don't want to start with that crap. You always get off on food. But anyway, when I was 75, I know that because it was the old Burger Queen in West Palm Beach, and it was a place where you had your own Fiction Bar. And you get your Burger King? Yeah. I kind of like what they do with food puckers. If I can, can I say that? No, how will they do a f**k curry? Yeah. We're going to eat your Burger. I found it really good. I don't care what it's like. I know for sure that was nothing bad that got on here. It just was pretty obvious where I was coming from. Okay? I must be this new piece of the quote. I'm very careful. Because everything is so crystal clear. But Burger Queen used to put your own name. Yeah, I go to the same put on your own onions and ketchup and mouse-turd and relish and stuff like that. It was okay. Never heard of Burger Queen? No. Anyway, we'll find out about those things. These are the important things. Nobody cares about no election and about people dying and about people. He sucked into a world based on a bunch of lies. All these intelligence reports that warned them about this and they're warning them about that. And so they're going to be nothing but chaos over there. And he comes up with a line about what I'll maybe they were just guessing. And then he had a command say, well, I used the wrong word. Maybe they were just estimating. Maybe they were just guessing. The same intelligence experts said to them about those weapons of mass destruction. They're just guessing. WQAM hello. They knew I'm on fine cow. I don't know how I did it. Right, Howard, remember him well. He was a giant in his own time. He was. Yeah. Washington said there's only 12 team in baseball. Those were the days. Those were the days, baby. You bet. You can't go back to a meal. And let me ask you. You think was Bob Grimm? Was Bob wire? He was? There you go. Well, what has done, dad? Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. No. What is the dad? Anyway, but let's talk some baseball. What do you say? And then we're going to a hockey thing. Oh, speak of that. Yeah. All right, just one of the morning papers now. Because I know nobody in South Florida is getting any of you about hockey. There is a guy who started an organization that's called a website. It's as the big role would say www.fansfideback.com. He's got about a thousand signatures. He wants to collect 200,000 from Pistau hockey fans who want to like, spew at the Gary Berman and Bob. We're now with the players in the owners and say, we're pissed off and we're not going to take it anymore. It's www.fansfideback.com. You're a short-sensitive meal. Rush for a second. I'm having this collection. I'm on my third man. A few A-M. You have a bad line. Just like the week B9, 10 power dines. And then see you next time. Thank you. You're a big club. Yeah. You have a bad guy that got a little snappy here. I'm on my flight. You know, it's you. What do you want to say to the river? You. I'm going to have what's like there. This is a fascinating day. How remote you have. Well, let's go to your hotel. Fun in my bed. And you'd say bad. I could do one more week. Let's never have enough. I'll see you here. I'm standing here with no Pist. Do you know who I am? Mr. Are you motivated? I act right. I'm a star of state-spraining, salad bar. I'm here. We're from the whole last security office. I'm afraid we can't let you board that plane. You made the terrorist watch list. Come on. Now see here yet. That's your balloon. We get a girl off the road. I think a terrorist. It's all right here. I'm excited. Get Kennedy. Can't sleep in this. We'll be off there. Or the Dow. The Dow is assumed. John Lennon and old Bini. You're coming to my town. Hey. Come on. Nice one. I don't have a baby. I don't have a baby. I don't have a baby. Wait. Here's my money. Nice one. Hey, my money. There's a couple of them. Jack. Stay low. Tell me. What are you doing here? I don't want to pretend to live. Why, you know good, something. If an ice cream bag is packed up, don't get out of the哪裡. If you take me on the back of the plane. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. Where did you go, boys? I've been at home. Yeah, but you're strong. I said, oh, I'm not strong. It's $1.27.13. We'll notify in 60 WQ and speak of that. A man's been arrested after attacking two pilots in a passenger with an axe. An internal flight in Norway. The pilots managed to bring the plane to land safely. And then we're taking the hospital with the injured passenger. A police prosecutor said the attacker may have boarded with the axe. Earlier we thought he may have taken him from the plane's emergency equipment. The plane was on its 20 minute flight between the northern towns of Narvik and Bado. When the attacks are placed, there were no security controls at Narvik or before today when the plane took off. The Dope Prosecutor Bjark Kvala told the BBC News online. Norway's due to install improved security measures for internal flight by 2005 after the near. So to mean time, if you want to attack a plane, go to Norway. Don't bother us. There's a good choice to pull out like that. Sheep gas. All right. Fact number one, we'll use to have gas wars during the 60s. And in Canon, Dave, we'll all in. You know who's still calling it raises a finger like a racetrack? Why is Morton? What a perfect place for him. What an ego. Little lack of talent. Who's door and roof? Yeah. I sure hope I hope he's not still doing gulstery. I don't know. Ross Morton, a man who's got an ego to decide. He makes mold. Looks like a Mr. Monastery. Keep gas. You got that on there? I got it on there. We used to have a gas wars at one time they had gas for 10 cents a gallon. The people were lined up like 80s in miles deep. Finger lakes racetrack would be obnoxious. Ross Morton. The only worst race car of the M in America is what's the guy's name from Churchill Downs used to be? Night Bataglia. Who for the lead? The Bataglia. Mike Bataglia. He is absolutely the worst race car. Go let me forget and may when Dave Johnson calls for the derby. To invite him to rip Mike Bataglia and Ross Morton. Ross sounds like he's got a 40 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant and he's got a 50 pounds of elephant. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pound of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. if he's got a 50 pounds of elephant hit his heart. If he's got an elephant to drop in. If he's got a 50 pounds of elephant to drop in. How do we say that? I don't know. How about just a real, real-free press? All right. That would be good. I think I'll understand a real-free press. That wasn't intimidated. That wasn't like who's stepping in a line like they are now or else or bought off. Or paid off or threatened with the fines and stuff. And booby tracks. Here's somebody says I've worked at Burger King on. He summarized Boulevard near Gateway in 1964. It was BK number five. How do you look at 1964? How about that? Well, well, that's good to know these things. Now, when these we do like a lot. Okay, I don't want to keep going back in this stuff again with the fast food. I'll talk about food. I'm tired of a man. I'm tired of being fat. I'm tired of eating stuff that, and especially stuff like that. If you're going to cheat, eat something really good. Like, you know, like a court of nestle's turtle. Sometimes a leader or she's made a little more than a court. I'm waiting here there. So I don't want people to get nervous about this, but network's block at Bush carry debate agreement. And of course, this whole thing with these debates. I can't, I'm very rarely with anything that Lou Dubs has. And he certainly not seen network. But last night he made a good point. And only because he had some guy and then they were sucking up to who said that these aren't really debates. But he said they're not really debates. And you know what? I kind of think of myself. I'm so lazy to wrap this up. They're not. And again, the carry people get sucked in because they're always on vendidney. You know, oh, yeah, whatever you say, man. So whatever you say, instead of saying, hey, listen, this is the way we're going to do it. And of course, the Bush people were saying, well, if you don't want to do it, we don't want to have any debates at all because that's what they really would prefer right. I mean, they got about a six to eight point lead right now. And just about all of the polls, even they pupil, it's things. That's why they call it the pupil. It smells bad. There's a rancid smells kind of like that, uh, breaches. Oh, why is it that people eat breaches? Oh, man. What, I like breaches? You do? Depends on what you get. Like if it's really running, that's nasty. You're nasty. Like, not. Yeah. They call it cheese, but it's not. Gotta get some good firm breathe. Although the Bush and Kerry camps have meticulously cranked an agreement on the rules for this year's presidential debates, the TV Networks broadcasted and then refused to go along with the plans, along we can say about that is, oh, right. Good. Specifically, the Networks Object and Provisions and E-Bemons had placed limits on their cameras, including prohibitions on shots of one candidate, while the other one is answering questions. Because of journalistic standards, I'll let it joke bad is. We're not gonna follow outside restrictions said Paul's sure a spokesman for Fox Nazi news, which is mainly in the pool camera for the first debate through his day in the Gables. This is a news pool and we're not subject to agreements between candidates and we see news spokeswoman Barbara Levin said, would use pictures as we see fit. Any time we want said, Barbara, you go, bads. You go, bitch. CNN spokesman Matthew Furman said that work reserves the right to make our own decision about covering during the debate. This is we always have. And if they don't like it, well, yamama. ABC news and CBS news are also objecting to the limits with a CBS spokeswoman insisting that we will utilize any shots that will make available. And you like that. Also, at least two of the TV journalists chosen to moderate the debates. ABC Charles Vibrison is boring as a third. And CBS's Bob Schiefer, who's 145 years old, had not signed the agreement on ground rules hammered off between the two campaigns according to their networks. And by the way, Bob Schiefer was a big baseball fan, was a big Texas Rangers, a summit at the end, and was sucking up to Bush back when he was in Texas and owned a Rangers and then was governor. I just mentioned that in passing. The other two moderates are Gwen I for Langeon, Lairer, both a CBS or Jim Lairer as he calls it, which is not yet commented. Under terms of the agreement reached lastly between the Bush current campaigns after lengthy negotiations, moderators who refuse to sign the document can be replaced. I say, let's hooting a hooting one son and Charles Gibson and Bob Schiefer. Let's replace Bob Schiefer with Dan Ratter. Yeah, that's right. And let's replace Charles Gibson with Michael Moore. Oh, we're talking. A 32 page agreement sends out the rules for the debates with great specificity down to detail such as the temperature of the hall. What kind of paper can be used to take notes who can stand the wings and just how deep that tan is going to be on Kerry's post. I mean, you talk about ridiculous. One day he's paced like like Casper the ghost and actually all the studies got this deep tan like he's been in a tanning salon like all night overnight, like he's been fried. Monday, the commissioner on presidential debates, the independent group that plays host of the debates, said of what agreed to enforce the rules reached an agreement between the Bush and Terry campaigns. There'll be no departure from the terms unless there is prior. I wouldn't be surprised if they just like chasing right off the stage. You're a guess what we canceled it. How do you like that? And it goes down and on about this one month to do this. This one month to do that. And of course they don't want to show our Kerry sweating because I guess he sweats a lot. And of course Bush is so used to line. He don't break a sweat at all. Or speak to that. What a segue man. I'm telling him just falling into what? Maybe we've turned the corner with his new piece of equipment this morning, and although Eric lied to us like crazy. He's got a problem on his end. I sure hope it's not a tumor. Bush's bald face lie writes dog tons in this guy's grave. The father and publisher of Capitol Hill Blue, which I keep telling you is a great website, and you don't believe me? Well you lie a lot. Many of the fine stories on our website are from Capitol Hill Blue, okay? Anyway, dog tons and writes bald and Bush's bald face lie. Just when we thought it was safe to talk politics without getting married and being an animal over again, President George W. Bush has to turn the pot with a bald face lie. Over whether or not he received special treatment during the service in the Texas air natural guard. No, I don't. I'm not aware of it. Bush told Fox News Show to talk host Bill O'Reilly Tuesday. When asked whether family connections in help them get a coveted place in the guard. Jesus H. Christ, W. Everybody knows the former speaker of the Texas House uses influence to get you bumped into the head of the line to get into the guard in the ward going to be at none. If you didn't have the balls enough to fight in the ward, at least show enough to go on you so that you avoided it. And my unit been called up for a true in Vietnam out of gone. Bush told O'Reilly to straight face. Yeah, right. And it would have been pork in the treetops by morning too. Like most Americans have a straight up pull the questions about what Bush did or did not do in the guard behind us move on with real issues. That should dominate campaign 2004. But nobody air with an IQ above that of a two minute egg. And possibly believe that Bush thinks he was treated just like any other kid who wanted to get in the guard to save his ass. That young Bush and son of a US congressman got bumped into the head of the waiting list for the guard as a long established fact. For him to claim he didn't get any favors as a threat to the court. The first thing he did was to even the most brain dead American voter. I fulfilled my duty was utterly discharged. I think I had about 5, 170 of flying hours and I was on a duty for a little over year and a half and I probably served Bush said again with a straight face. I did exactly what my command was told me to do. Excuse me, but the jury's still out on that one. The records released in Fitsons spurred from the Pentagon on White House still have a lot of gaps in them. Pleased to CBS News and their monumental food bar of using a dubious member on Mr. and Bush's guard service. We may never know what he did in the guard when he did or when he Bush's entire campaign strategy is built around his so-called images as a strong leader a man's man who can stand up for the evils of terrorism, but if he has such a testosterone field alpha male, why can't he own up to the fact that his daddy's buddies get them out of harm's way with a cushy spot in the Texas air guard? Others did it a lot of others. The former Texas speaker was apologized not only for helping a young Bush Vietnam, avoid Vietnam but for helping other sons of Rich Texans as well. During Vietnam, all guard units have law-mating lists and getting an alpha look to every connection and powerful per cuter's flight. George Herbert Walker Bush was a powerful man in Texas in those days, a Congressman would go on to service it in bass that are handed to CIA and even President. So we had a family friend call up another powerful friend and pull strings and happened. Most everyone who uses their brain for something other than a receiving station for Republican propaganda knows it happened and the president of the United States is a liar for claiming it didn't. This is Mark Morgan is the 12th of one hour on Q8M. The president of the United States is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man who is a man haben th uh huh? I'm not far ready. Okay, just calm down Eric. Quit making excuses. Don't forget to enjoy George and Volker Brian. I'm not a 7x1. What? Well it might be Miguel. If you ever get out of those meetings. Like I said, enjoying George and Volker Brian. 5-7 and happy hour. I treasure island this afternoon. Located off the palm metal. Just through the 122nd Street exit. Stop by for our very very embarrassing prizes. But check out this week's feature. Stephanie Evans and her ping pong balls. Or just and her golf balls. 5-670-560. Is she also new golf balls? Yes she does. I don't know that. How about bowling balls? We're looking at the next week. She's working on up to it. Then we'll have one more. Orange is here. 5-660. Only for us in singular where it was 9-5-670-560. WQA in hello. Up there. QA in hello. Yes sir. Yes. She's talking to the program. Are you talking to the program right? Okay. Can I talk to the program? Yeah I want to talk to you. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I just want to say something. They take care of the flip locker because when he find out something wrong, he changed his mind. But the question which I have ahead. No, we because he... If there's something wrong, he can let me. I'm sure. I make a mistake in that. And she might want. Hey now, there's an... This president don't make mistakes Mr. I'll tell you there right now. Nobody. He's the Rick Weaver of politics. He don't make no mistakes. Ha ha ha ha. Well, do you think they're in Iraq and I'm a mistake? Hey man. And as the thousand dead people of whism mistake in I've probably. I don't think Iraq was a mistake. Is there any doubt that Iraq was a mistake? And it was based on a fact that it was based on a fact that lies. What does it take you people to get it to sink in already? Let me say it again. 40% of Americans still think that Saddam was saying that something to do with 9-11. Guess what? It was wrong when they thought at the first time. It was wrong when they thought it yesterday. Two weeks from circus it'll still be wrong. Wake up and get the effects already for granted, you don't have to be a rocket scientist. You don't have to forget about the football scene unless you're a dog and family if they do you a favor. You don't have to forget about the hockey season because it's already not going to happen anyway. But get a brain just at least for a five minutes. Open up your mind. Forget about stupid stuff like hockey games. We're going to have a rock hockey game. Kitchener Ontario. See these people don't ever forget about it. They're going to have a sickness and they're blood. They can't get rid of it. But if I'm going to have a sickness, I'd rather have the hockey be the sickness. As opposed to like killing violence and bloodshed all over the world. Spreading evil and hate. As opposed to spending all of that money and all that effort again, going against the real terrorists. So I just like they keep saying Chris Matthew said last night. You know, invading your rack after 9 level would be like Roosevelt invading Australia after Pearl Harbor. Just somehow it's somewhere. It didn't just by making any sense. It would have been easy pickens but nevertheless the bridge probably would have been too happy about it. Back then. Whatever happened to that British Empire anyway. It worked the way of all of them. Yeah, but they still got lost malviness. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. But if that can your pants guilty, WQAM hello. Not there. QAM hello. Going once. If we don't have time to fart around here today, okay, we're just even to fart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6. I want to get a few calls in here, man. I don't know why, but I just need to. I got a big pile but never less. WQAM hello. Can I speak to Neil? Speaking. Neil, I just wanted to call and tell you that I think you are the greatest announcer. Are you soliciting hours turns as I was listening, growing up, my brother's gay. And he said, the gentler listeners, the sky and your Rogers and I started listening to you two days before you could make the fart sounds anymore. I just want to let you know that you're doing a great job and you're the best. Okay, thanks a lot, Pal. You can tell your brother where he'll help us on a way. Why do we care if his brother was gay? What did I have to do with him? I don't know. Huh? How about your brother? Oh, hey, man. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes, man. Is this WQAM? This is Neil Rogers speaking yes. Oh, yes, how we do? I'm good. We talked about what we remember about the 1960s. Right. All right. When I remember his John F. Kennedy. Right, he's on there, John and Bobby. Oh, he's there. I'm sorry. I just tuned in. Well, don't be sorry. I'm not sorry. I'm just sorry about what happened. Yeah, me too. That was the turning point. That's when we lost it. Yeah, that's the change in America after the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Yeah, John Bobby Kennedy Martin Luther King. After the 60s, that was the end. The America's gone. It's lost. No, it's not lost. I still have faith in my country. Yeah. Yes, I do. Well, with a present leadership, but so that's why we're. I don't have a chance to change in November. Oh, please, please say this going to happen. I think it will be because I think this abortion is a robocomponent. Okay. Okay. Nice. Thank you, too. Don't forget, have some of your dead relatives vote, too, just to make sure. That's just no. I'm too honest to that. Good luck for us. Okay, see. See, that's the problem. He's too honest with that. We don't want honest people. We want dishonest people. If you're going to work against liars and gypsy scrantons and thieves, you've got to be just as dishonest as they are. Is what I'm saying. That's why I don't care what anybody says. This just happens to be one schmuck's opinion. Okay. We need Howard Dean. Wouldn't that be something if... I can just see all the preparations and all of a sudden they're sharp and it gables on Thursday night. And they open a curtain up instead of John Kerry outwalks Howard Dean, surprise. Yeah, except it would be Bush Scraven. Oh, brother. Can you imagine that? Howard over the dump and taking a gigantic load in his pants, now it would be unbelievable. Wow, wow, wow. But of course any can happen. This one of those fantasies I have for we know now. WQA in Hello. You're John Kerry. WQA in Hello. We don't make the night out. QA in. Hello. Yes, your vegetable sounds too. Hey, you're here. How you doing sir? Oh, hi. I'm going to go to the streets five times, buddy. Yeah. Who's closer? I've got to go, man. Who's on gotta go. Okay, thank you. Good one. WQA in Hello. Hey, me. Yes sir. How do you remember back in the 1960s? Oh, seven John's. Okay, doing a really bad phony voice. I prefer the other ones a lot easier to detect immediately. Why not? WQA in Hello. Me, oh. Yes sir. Hi. Long time listen of you first time caller. I did a video. You can tell us the high. See, high. See, which time? Eight or 100 years ago. Right now we're all farce. Okay. You know question. I know you guys are not allowed to pay any fart noises anymore. Absolutely not. How come in keeping cartoons? They don't play fart noises. Because they don't have joys over enables dictating what they can do and what they can play and she's just a cranky old fart herself. Well, she's the only fart that's allowed in the B's league company and she's the cranky old fart. Because the other day I was watching cartoons with my two-year-old kid and I heard it. The cartoon's farting themselves out of like, how come it's not offensive to them, you know? Yeah, I call up Naples. Call up the B's that you're company and Naples and ask them. Okay, and you're doing a great job and I appreciate you guys. Okay, thanks a lot, Paolo. And watch, don't play too many of those fart sounds for your kids man. They'll turn their brains to gel and then they'll cause the old shrub for the door and he'll start picking on black folks. That'll be the next deal. Anyway, here's the appolagasets, okay, huh? I thought it was a good one for my first look, yes, and nine. I don't know. What do you miss most about those 60s? Wasn't born yet? I'm 96, 26, 27 percent. We're trying to think a lot of the people are over 359 votes. Democrats with balls 59, the music 58. Now we're talking, the great music of the 60s. How am I going to play a whole bunch of it? Not, what do you say? After finish talking about hockey. Kick it. After we do a hockey show with a rumor, then we're going to play some 60s music. It's especially question mark and a mysterious. And maybe a few from the 50s, too, like Frankie Lyman. The music 59 had, why don't I keep saying happy chicks. Or like the Dixie chicks. Hit me chicks. 36, the sex. 36, white athletes. 20, that's athletes. Jack and Bobby 15, the drugs 13, a real free press. Nine, the Detroit Free Press will have any yet. Segregation nine, keep gas eight, free maps, the gas stations do, edible fast food finally got a pair. And also I was probably going to put on the 50 white people. I used to live in Detroit. That's just a joke. Because if I don't say it's just a joke, then of course, to the right away Josh will put it on there. Right? Because I don't think there are over 50 white people in Detroit. Not good man. We're like it. 12 minutes. And he was there. 12 minutes passed. No, that's five, 60, WQM right now. As I speak, Armstrong Ford Holmes said once to clear their loss and sell off all remaining O4s. And here are just some of the great deals waiting for in O4, F150. Pick up just a buck over invoice. How can you beat that? New O4 Explorer is just a dollar over in voice. Rangers, prom VIX, toruses and focuses all waiting for you. It's just a dollar over in voice only at Armstrong Ford Holmes did. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to his fellow customers. When you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive Paris and Batteries for life program. That is absolutely correct. Paris and Batteries for life. And if any of you get Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there right now, you'll get a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy. If you're pressed for time, if you still try to put your house back together after the hurricanes, just make money easy call and chop over the phone. 305, 2, 4, 7, 51, 12, that's number to call. 305, 2, 4, 7, 51, 12, that'll even over your new vehicle. Right to you at your home, your office at the massage park or wherever you're hanging it out. Armstrong Ford Holmes said local owned an operated. They treat you just like family. And I guarantee I'll let your Robert creepers life on you. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. If they can even throw an Eric too, no bait and switch, no phony deals. Armstrong Ford Holmes did. There were 307, 25, South, 60 high wages, 20 minutes out of the 836. Check them on the web. Armstrong Cars.com and then travel a little and save a ton on that new Ford serious cash only at Armstrong Ford Holmes. You will listen to Neil Roger Bays, who was it? On my screen. Don't ask dirt. We have a dear friend's toys of you. How pretty and certainly is our lives are through. I'm trying out the handle. I've been so long. I've been so long. See you. To the show. See you. I've been there for a few years. Here we are. We're going to the show. We're going to the show. We're going to the show. We're going to the show. We're going to the show. We're going to the show. Here's a big boy. You won't need a star or a boy. You'll be the same person. You'll be the star. I've been so long. I've been there for a few years. You'll be the same person. I've been there for a few years. I've been there for a few years. I've been there for a few years. I've been there for a few years. I've been there for a few years. At least one person before the injured this morning after a huge propane tank exploded outside a hotel. Channel 5 in West Palm Beach reported a church after 11 o'clock this morning. How do you like this for being newsy? How many were I top of the news? Wow. And by the way Tom Jick, even from 1200 miles away, I can be more in touch with what's going on than you and your stupid pup pieces about never TV shows. The propane tank which has been used to power at least one generator being at the Crown Plans Hotel was dropped by a fork with fire rescue said, oh I hate when that happens. The tank rolled into a running vehicle which may have sparked a fire that in turn agnared nearby trash bin. More than 100 people in the 15th Street Hotel. And adjacent 5th Street and myor companies high-rise were safely evacuated. The buildings are connected by an atrium and are located off Belvedere Road and a straight in Europe Palm Beach International Airport. A witness told the TV station had planes from the explosion in Plumus, Malshawvel over the top of the hotel. Witnesses said the generator was being used to dry out the Crown Plans of which was leaking from every range of winds brought up by Hurricane Jean. Few people in Palm Beach, man, I'm trying to, the Lord isn't going to put up with another Theresa LePorelect performance in this election. It's a warning. It's not punishment. This is just a warning. That's why the Lord keeps pointing these hurricanes right straight, snacking your direction. And of course he, you know, his aim is bad. He slops off a little bit into other counties, but he's doing the best he can. He is so pissed off about that then butterfly ballot and those Jews from UK and all of that other crap that went on 2000. Don't think that this is some kind of coincidence that all these hurricanes have been side by each right after a while asked by asked. Right? Right. Even though coincidence, the Lord is passing along a message, you better get with it. Can't you can in my ass. 560560, pound 560, and you've arrived in singular wireless lines. Ever since there's somebody out there, remember his burger queen? Book's right. Or is he really? I don't know. Is he there? He's not there yet. No, no. He's a real rat. That's right. How much you and hello? Hey, they're all in. Pretty good. How much you, do you think that the Republicans drink and the cool aid is because of their sexual oppression and effected their miserable? Would you say all the time about people from North South Florida? Yeah. How much do you think it's attributed to the stock if there's there? These people are so depressed. You know, and obviously they're 90% of their base believes in some fictitious God. Yes. How much do you think the misery and that's count for their, uh, not thinking? But third man. 560560, that was really awesome. I think you see, if you go to police calls, man, you get somebody that's got his thumb, not just on it, but right in it. Just like the little little jack hoarder said on the quarter, he stuck his thumb in it. Yeah. WQA and hello. Just push the damn button. Will you please? Ha ha ha ha ha. A one movie was that from that was Jack Lim and I think it's on my jacket. Yes, it was. OK. WQA and hello. QA and. Hey, I'm fucked off these right way. I think I was talking about these white right way. We're in the right way. We're in the right way. We're actually, uh, nothing against, uh, plant ironhood as long as it's in dark countries. Uh, a George Bush scene are in his first firm used to be called Lubbers, because every A package came with birth control in the dark countries. I'll be damned. The full fun fact is the grandmother actually started plant ironhood. It was known as you genics back then. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's a fact. Ha ha ha ha ha. I have a great day in the health care. Thank you, too. Ha ha ha ha. Almost took home my go. See I go to home. Ha ha ha ha. So it's great. Anyway, calm down a little bit. I can't read any of my bedtimesters while I got a mouth full of Ossie's and see I'll go. Yeah, I can do it. So we'll just take somebody sensational calls. They've been pretty good this week for, you know, not gone, not gone. And I have to not go too hard because our piece of equipment got fixed this morning. Thank you so much, my engineering friend. Oh, thank the Lord. We got a really a real engineer here. Oh, boy. He's the best. He's here like 15 minutes. And you know, it's how much better I saw now. I never dreamed right. It sounded as good. Hey, holding the container clock back about how many years. About 10 minutes. How many QAN are you? What is it? Yeah, back at you. How many QAN? Hello. How high meal? Yes, man. Hey, this is this is Terry. I'm going to talk with security moms. Everybody keeps talking about. Uh-huh. And I'm calling you to just stand out to put it to Terry's arriving in Fort Lardale tonight. And I'm going and bringing my kids up on my friends. They're bringing their kids. And everybody has got to be there. Turn out to show him our support in Florida. Right. I would hope that everybody would show more support in Florida. November 2nd will be really good. Yeah, but with this is just a tip off. We've got to show the world that we're down here. And we're just, you know, some will lose a little bit of that tanned on overdo it here. Yeah, I don't care about the tanned. I care about the tanned. I mean, I'm not going to do that. The way in the heart is that. That's very real. So it's, I guess. I just got on the website. I found out that if you get there at 6 o'clock, it's at the jet state terminal. That's near Fort Lardale airport. I have an address here if you wanted. No, 40. Southwest 34th Street. Okay. And he's going to be arriving there. And we're going to be there to greet him. All right. Everybody can get there. Give up the kiss for me. Thanks. Yeah. There. Like I said, he's already going to give us a dark. All attended that poll. I really deserved me to be the Washington Post. Pull where they headed in a graphics and all the even. If you click on a thing, you'd be breakdown on the poll. The Washington Post ABC News. Uh, even in women, Bushwood reports said 49.46. And carry heads 76% of the black vote in your circles. What do you want? That's pretty good. Uh, that's not pretty good. No. No. He was 79. Excuse me. 79. And then that's not good. I'm going to be a little bit more focused on the black vote in presidential elections. And we better die down while start doing that right now. You know what I'm saying? A r else. Well, maybe the one maybe it's some sort of views. Maybe they're lying to the pollsters that night. Where they figured they'll let the few black people vote. 26. Passed no. In at five. 60 WQM. If you're planning on replacing your carpets. Maybe it's some damage during one of these 85 hurricanes. Or maybe because your carpet foot pretty schmoocey. Or maybe you're thinking about having your carpet. Or your rugs are drapeery. Profitually clean. Do yourself a favor. Do what I've been doing for over 20 years. That is called the explicit rock concepts before you even think about calling anybody else. Rock concepts is the best of the world and bringing your carpeting back to life. I'm looking just like brand new. Now, sanitize your carpeting. I'll make him look like he just had brand new lead in the floor. And of course, the dry can you carpet sing ideas. Do I clean your clothing? Which sucks out even the deep down dirt and the germs. Wait down there in the fibers. Leave your carpets vibrant and color. They smell like any fresh. They're drying just a couple hours and you'll be amazed. It's like a miracle right on your floor. So forget about the other folks who give you those per room scans. Although the BS doesn't give you a bad surprise when they hand you the bill. Dry concepts give you a guaranteed written price up front. People who they start doing a work every time. Call them today. A guarantee of you'll never call anybody else. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Or on that wicked worldwide web, you'll find them at dryconcepts.com. Sure. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. That's 1-800-8071. So, objective duty, just fine. My, you, free. Ah, set. And your mind, your push. Your positions to date, with John Kerry. In the future, fate, with those questions. A sub-dension, oh, God. That's my slave. Your web, you, change and start. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I've signed it for you. You're not a-w-o-l, And you can throw your dumb a day W, hold down Oh One upon each thing The military can't find Where you burn and find the inside You party then you went A, W, oh, oh And Danny, open your door W, W, hold down Oh Just be the only company When the story is at three of Do my burn back over Of three of No change Your out yours 12, 30, what if five, 60 You know something? What? It's the divide I want to hit a certain Twenty, one B, oh I do love those That can go to the ambience The fact that they were not delivering those things I mean I've been to another store for another day We have a few minor problems there And I'll put it gives us something to do And of course clearance, well that's another story I did find this story about the paper and crop protections And I found a little bird So during the breaks I've been searching and scouring for the real original AP story And luckily one of our student listings out there Got it? Right on the Sun Sentinel web page The story of the story is appreciate Not a six page story from the smirking chip That we've already had on the site Yeah, that we already had on the site Don't be sent out of any stories from smirking Shed, common dreams.org Stuff that we haven't our website all the time Right, Tom Payne Right And the capital hill blue, etc Busflash Right Of tiny weekly newspaper that builds itself as President Bush's hometown paper is endorsed John Kerry for President Oh, right! Say the Massachusetts Center where we store American dignity The Lone Star iconoclast which has a weekly circulation of 425 Sid and the editorial data today that Texan should rate the candidates Not by home town or political party But by where they intend to take the country This is in Crawford, Texas, no less Four items travel us to most about the Bush administration His initiative to disable the social security system They deteriorating stability, American economy A danger is shipped away from basic freedoms established by our founding fathers And his continuous mistakes regarding your right, the editorial said That's so low-microlexion The iconoclast established in 2007 an editorializing supporting the invasion of Iraq And published your WD on spent promoted Bush in the invasion In a BBC interview, believing at the time that Saddam Hussein possessed weapon to mass destruction Instead, we were duped into following yet another privileged agenda The editorial said, we were duped, we were lied to by the master of all liars The Bush-myster Didn't exactly say that, I'm gonna do my own editorial and why not The newspaper praised Kerry for 30 years I'm experiencing a lot of the American people And a lot of his background is a highly decorated Vietnam pattern Only Crawl-Rovon is not seasoned power man Concerted around with an A-wall president They're draft-outging vice president They're chickenocsecretary of defense All of these things And there's turn-coats secretary of state who's always Why do they hear me tell you we'd know article about colonel always has to Well, the highly respected, yeah, he's nothing but a lion piece of crap Is what he is a cell out Oh, I'm not gonna read these documents, this is a bunch of shmitty He said he throws the papers up here And the likes of who we slater he's there in the U.N. Reading about law here in the maps and here's whether weapons are And we know this and we know that, yeah, right He's a cell out is what he is I think it's because he's got that light tan And that's what it is, right? Is that it? That's gotta be it He's color-outed Why does he get a free pass from everybody? Well, the more respectable and the more credible and the more, yeah, right? Lire It's phony And then every now and then, yeah He's just like McCain, every once in a while he like Seeps a little bit of the troop comes out Like when he was last Sunday I know when he was on the eat the press or whatever on Sunday Well, you know, the situation in Iraq is really bad The insurgency is much more work than we thought about about, yeah I guarantee they dragged his ass out to the wood chair after that show For a tan then They, they, yeah They can't just probably probably had a carry there too We got a good tan And they probably had a bunch of hotels or an M.C.R.N.U. The Dike, they must have a tan or bill They probably had her with some shape and a colon I'll tell you that right now Man, he's the Dikeiest bitch I've ever seen in my life I wouldn't be surprised if we're in condolese I got to tell you Who's a Dike you're making Tennis must macho, condolese are Karen Hughes Oh, I, I accused Karen Hughes Man, I think she's got a big one man I can't say the word on the ear anymore because we can't say that anymore either Tentacle Yeah, a big tentacle Like an octopus Anyway, John Nichols writes on the nation In the nation Online This is good I got so much good stuff here And I'm not going to get anywhere near all of it today Because we had many calls and some of them actually were talking to us Shocking, you know it Maybe they show we can stimulate a few people Maybe we can be in a stern monster I don't know how much because we don't listen to be sure But I'll do respect I don't know how much he's banging away against the bush But I sure hope I sure hope as it gets closer to a well-action day And it's only like less than five weeks or one day less It's getting really close I hope that he like does something To get some of his people out there to get to mobilize Especially in Florida, baby We can't afford to let it get stolen again I guarantee you for what's within like Oh, I'd say 20,000, maybe 30,000 votes That's too close because then it can still steal it They can still do all kinds of shenanigans with that I'll also let's say in the K Kelly book When the nebours declared that Glor had won a Florida and won the election That our fat ass governor cried Isn't that something? He cried, he loves his brother Then I guess somebody must have called him and said, Oh, don't worry, you have the fixes and probably canceling here And he said, oh, as you wipe the crocodile tears away from his pussy From his fat face And love me, say again, a lot of you people hoarded for him How do these things happen? How can there be so many stupid people in one place? Does they have this? John Nichols writes that the Susan of CBS news To the later broadcast of investigation into how the Bush administration Manipulated intelligence and played upon fears in order to make the case for war Whether the rack is the most unsettling development yet And politically, here it's been defined by unsettling moments CBS news officials rock by the controversy surrounding the Journalistic mistakes of every night or a damn rather in six minutes Staffers and putting together what should have been easy report on prison Ambushers, Kruble, 10 during the Texas National Guard And announced that they'll wait until after being on member second election To broadcast a much anticipated investigation of the steps that the administration took To warp the debate about whether to go to war The fear, at least as it's officially expressed by CBS, Is that revealing the extended administration's misdeeds My influence the outcome of the election By letting the American people in on what's really been going on in Washington Let's just see the statement announced We now believe it will be inappropriate to hear the reports so close to the presidential election That's right because we don't feel the American people deserve the truth But then go cast a vote and ignorant blinds to the truth And then after they put this bastard there for another four years Then we'll tell him, oh, what? We knew this all along Critics to see the issue will correspond to the late that the decision At last to do with the desire to be fair and balanced It would appear on the part of corporate haunchers that the ring of the exposay Would lead to new charges that the network is displaying an anti-bush bias After the FESC when involving Dr. Documents regarding Bush's time and a guard CBS and Ciders admit that the refrigerator broadcast reports about the Dr. Documents The Bushman's phrase used to make its case for war Critics also note that some of the redstone CEO of CBS's turret company Viacom Has now repeatedly suggested in public statements and interviews that from a Viacom standpoint We believe the election will be Republican administration is better for our company But let's put these legitimate concerns aside and accept CBS in its word Let's accept that the network does not want to air the report before the election Because the genuine concerns on the part of CBS news professionals and CBS corporate officials About the impact showing the truth of the American people might have on voting patterns But that's also be clear about what's happened here CBS news has ceased to be a news organization A network that worries about whether its or personal offended people are in power No longer practicing journalism And a network that's so worried about being accused of bias that it won't reveal the truth With viewers is no longer in the business of distributing news Thomas Jefferson James Madison and the other founders of this country created the framework of a free press And fought mightily to defend the rights of dissident editors in the first years of the Republic Because they feared the abuses of power that would result If presidents went unchallenged they knew that democracy would only fuzzer independent watchdogs Or forever barking at the powerful from the columns of the partisan newspapers of their day Jefferson may have put a best way world in the 2016 that the functionaries of every government have properties to command That will deliver the authority and property of their constituents There is no safe deposit for these but with the people themselves nor can they be safe without information Or the press is for an every man able to read all his safe My extension when powerful media outlets sent to themselves the safety to which Jefferson referred is threatened The notion that a journalist would sit on a story because he or she fears being accused of bias Or because an ex-Posemite had an impact on a presidential election would have shocked an offended Jefferson Madison Tom Payne and the others who thought of the start of this American experiment It forged the way for a free press If ever there was a time when a bold and unyielding free press was needed Jefferson argued it was in the least before national election At the point when the American people are preparing to determine who will lead their country They need more than just the biography they need news outlets that seek without fear or favor to speak truth to power Without a free flow of information especially controversial and shocking information about the most pressing issues of they citizens cannot make informed choices and when citizens cannot make informed choices the democracy Sees is defunction with their decision to study on a story of how the Bush administration manipulated this country in the war Seemiest news officials and chosen to block the free flow of information as such they broke in faith with the promise of a free press They now are merely to logophers to power and impediments to democracy Sees is defunding the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of să's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law OF the country's law of the country's law of the country's laws of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law Of the country' law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's lawsuit, 他's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the countryPM law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the country's law of the freedom of country's law of the matrix law of the country's Just don't let your father's to wouldn't have been a firework to find our skin and a red If you want a detainment, I know that I'm very ancient, I'm a classic woman I asked myself every day, with some arrogance you've taken Playing, selling, squeal for you and you helping me Shave this around and explore 10-10 So by new grad Steven's collection for day, but link him anytime All you can play with, meet, on matter of code or weapons, of mice, should be roughly We'll have A- fate with S a SPA casually Who wiped his article for the LA Times yesterday? What a great segue. The former Cat Steven says he hasn't changed, but the US has. Something bad has begun, ABC. Use of Islam, aka Cat Steven says I would slide the national last week with my 21-year old daughter to restore some new musical ideas with a record label there. Ironically, I was trying to remain low profile because of the speculation that it might have raised in the music world about a return of the cat. Media attention was the last thing I wanted, but it seems God wanted otherwise. Tour the end of our journey from London to Washington, the thing was diverted. The cat then announced something about heavy traffic. After landing in Bangor, Maine, 6-12, blue uniform office was boarded and surrounded me in my daughter. Is your name use of Islam they asked? Yes, I confirmed. You mind coming with us and answering a few questions? At that point my heart stopped and my daughter's face turned aspirin white. This was the start of the nightmare. These three FBI agents escorted me away from my daughter, asked me questions. At first, it sounded like they might have missed me up with somebody else, as they repeated the spelling of my name. No, why you asked you if I carefully spelled out the agents looked a bit puzzled? As they continued asking questions, some of their queries were obviously not related to me, so I thought this must be a matter of simple mistake and identity. Whether it was a mix-up or not remained unclear because they weren't under any obligation to give me a reason, a green visa waiver for my head so neatly filled and earlier had effectively denied me any right to appear or answers. It was only when an immigration official read out to me a legal reference number that he mentioned some implication with terrorism no further details necessary. The most upsetting thing was being separated from my daughter for 33 hours, not knowing how she was or when or where we might be united, because my phone was confiscated I couldn't contact my family. God Almighty, is this the same sign that I'd taken off from? I was devastated, you unbelievable things that only two months earlier, I've been having meetings in Washington with top officials from the White House Office of Faith-based and Community Initiatives, talk about my charity work, even further back, one month after the attack on the World Trade Center, I was in New York Media Peter Gabriel in Hillary Rodham Clinton at the World Economic Forum. And I changed that much? No. Actually, it's the indiscriminate procedure of profiling that's changed. I'm a victim of unjust and arbitration system, hastily imposed that serves only to be little America's images of the fender of these civil liberties that so many dearly struggled and died for over the centuries. Need I say that any form of terrorism or violence is the antithesis of everything I love and stand for, anyone who knows me will attest to this. I've spent my life in the search for peace and understanding, and that was merely in my music, since becoming a Muslim I've devoted my life to education, charity, and helping children around the world. Consistently, I've condemned the attacks of 9.11 stating that the slaughter of innocence, that taking your hostages and co-blooded killing of women and children, have nothing to do with the teachings of Islam. I've openly and publicly reputedly indicated the actions of groups that resort to such acts of inhumanity, whatever their names. Any allegations of a country are fabricated, the Quran equates the murder of one innocent person with a murder of all humanity. Ever since I embraced Islam in 1977, people were regularly tried to link me with things I had nothing to do with, take the sum and reflect cases an example, or the regurgist ending of the accusation that I support groups like Hamas. I'm a man of peace, I denounced all forms of terrorism and justice that is simply outrageous for anyone to suggest otherwise. The fact that I have sympathy for ordinary people in the world who are suffering from occupation, tyranny, poverty, or war as human, and has nothing to do with politics or terrorism. Thank God my daughter and I were relieved of our ordeal in delivered home safely. I also thank all those who prayed for me and supported me through this dark episode. I've never harbored any will, ill-willed for the good people of God's greater than anywhere, and wish to be burst was also true. Use of Islam the singer formerly known as Catsivans, the ported and burned last week after being reviewed and read. In the US, even though he'd been in the country, which the media didn't want to talk about too much, 20 times during the previous year. As he mentioned there. Oh yeah, well, he's a dory where, and then of course, he's a top-spot. I just see him already frost my ass, Jewelie Breman. Jewelie Breman, he epitomizes everything wrong with a democratic party day. The wind factor. The wind factor. See George Bush won. He lost the 92 to Clinton because of the wind factor. Almost lost the Ducacus except Ducacus out one-tham in the 88. The wind factor, the entire democratic party, and with accepting of just a couple of people, a bunch of Spindless Wimps. And Lieberman comes on there after Howard Dean excoriated a time bridge for that last fully terror alert that saw it as an BS. And Dean had the balls to tell it like it was. Strictly political. This is what it was. Then we find out it was based on steel, old information that was three or four years old. And immediately after Dean comes on there, I'm Wolf Vitzkrieg. Here we try to out Jewelie Breman. Well, I know timeridge personally and I know time would never lie about something as heard than he would ever deceive the public. Your full crack Jewelie Breman. I hope you've troke on some steel, hollow body like that. Oh, yeah. I hope somebody answered, six is too hard. I hope you're kissed. He's fall out. I hope he gets some rotten humankind to throw him. In fact, well, whatever. That's what's wrong right there. Tomridge comes on in the view of the, well, you know, this name raised in alarm and it was on the list and we don't care whether it's a celebrity or not. You're a full of crack timer. You're nothing but a freaking liar. And like Michael Morris says, terrifying the public, making him quick in their boots. Oh, there's another terror alert. Oh, thank God that Bush and the Nazis are keeping us safe. Who the hell are you, kid and man? You lie in bunch of fascist bastards you? For example, a growing number of career professionals within national security, and see's believed that the situation in Iraq is much worse. And the path to success much more attenuous than is being expressed in public by top Bush administration officials, according to former and current government officials and assessments over the past year by intelligence officials at the CIA and the Department of State and Defense, how do you like that? Not that he's lying or anything. I think he's trying to sugar code it's just like they sugar code in his military record or like they're of. Well, President Bush, defense secretary Donald Hermann during Rumsfield and others have delivered optimistic public appraisals. Officials who fight the Iraqi insurgents, he and study it at the CIA and the State Department and within the Army officer Corps believe that a bed in his defore and warwide spread that is being publicly of not acknowledged officials say. People at the CIA are mad as hell to policy in Iraq because it's a disaster and they're digging the whole deeper and deeper and deeper as they're one former intelligence officer who maintains contact with CIA officials. There's no obvious way to fix it. The best we can hope for is a semi-failed state hobbling along with terrorists in a succession week of months and let me point out again that before the Iraq attack there weren't out terrorist in Iraq. How do you like that? Iraq wasn't a haven for terrorists, which I was mean other come there from everywhere. We call him policy. So even how long have we said that the other day? They're all working together. Things are definitely not improving. So when US government official who reads the intelligence and analyses on Iraq, and accusations, it's getting worse if we had an Army staff officer who served in Iraq and State's intent was comrades and bagged that through email. OG comrades. Oh. That's right. So words. It just seems there's a lot of pessimism slowing out of there right now. There are things going on that are unbelievable to me. Unbelievable. They have infiltrators conducting attacks in the Greens zone. This was not the case of year ago. This week in an arrear departure from the positive talking points used by administration spokesman, don't you love that term talking points? Thank you. Secretary of State Cole and Pollock Knowledge at the insurgency is strengthening and that anti-merk and ismen in the Middle East is increasing. The answer is getting worse. He said of the insurgency at ABCs this week. At the same time, the US commander for the Middle East, General La John P. Abizad told NBC's meet the press that we will fight our way through the elections. Abizad said he believes Iraq is still win over and wants to know political order and Iraqi security forces in place. Everything will be kosher or something like that. Pollock Knowledge at Mission at Abizad's sobering warning came days after the public disclosure of the National Intelligence Council assessment completed in July that gave a dramatically different outlook that administrations and representatives the consensus at the CIA and state and defense departments that we got tourists as what we got. That's exactly what they said, tourists. In the best case scenario the NIC said in the best case, if that could be expected which even a tenuous stability with the 18 months, the next 18 months, in the worst case it could dissolve into civil war. Everything is fine. Mission accomplished, baby, and if I had to do it over again, I'd say the same bulkhead because I like Hill. It's like I like about my military service. It's like I like about those memos. Just like our life through my teeth about anything that's speaking. We just like about that abortion. And of course don't ask me anything about things I didn't my youth when I was like foolish and youthful like you know, 45 stuff like that. Mike, what am I rambling on about here? It's great. You go. You go. You go. Don't forget to speak at a girl's joined Georgian, Volk and Brian, and find maybe Miguel too. Maybe from five to seven a set known at Treasure Island located right off the pulmetro just over the hundred and twenty-sixth street answered. Stop by for some very low budget QN prizes and forget about the prizes because you can check out this way. Speak to your Stephanie Evans. Maybe she just might top on your way. Or maybe the other way around. We're going to wait. Only time will tell. How is that pull coming? Okay. I've been remiss. I don't know what it is but it seems like we had about a half hour show today. Is it me or is it? I think because we got to do a piece of equipment. I have to sit here on the edge of my seat, teen in my pants waiting for that. For that technical thing to go off again. We've been going through some nasty times of QN just in case you haven't noticed that. Anyway, here's the deal. 485 votes. What are you most about the six-piece? It wasn't 481, 27 percent. Punks. Democrats would've lost 74. The music 74. The sex 45. Hit hippie chicks 41. Light athletes 31. Cheek guys 20. Jack and Bobby 20. The drug 17. segregation 14. Races back through his out there. Probably from the trailer park. They weren't blown away by the hurricane. Don't get you. A real free press 13. Inable fast food five and free maps of gas station three. Inable fast food five votes. I have no idea what that means. View? Well, I think I think. Maybe the marriage they're talking about finger foods will finger it up. 1256. There's wolf plus baby in man. If you don't look like him, I'm carrying with a beard. I can't believe it. Man, would Hitler be proud of him or what? Guaranteed mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're a first time home buyer, or if you're refinancing and taking some cash out, these are definitely your best choice. These be. Guaranteed mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service and not only their promise, it's their guarantee to you. So, call them today if it's full free number. 1-800-734-6616. And Guaranteed mortgage bankers are goalless to build a lifelong relationship with their customers, which they did exactly that with a couple of moved down to Florida from New Jersey. These folks hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a house they fell in love with a couple of hand-lived and found for more than a week. Add a little money to put down, line to closing just 10 days. Well, guess what? Guaranteed mortgage brokers was able to secure the buyer's needs in order to close on time. They were able to give them 95% financing at an incredible unbelievable rate of just 5.95%. And listen this, Guaranteed mortgage bankers since all of its clients and a fabulous 7-night cruise. It's their way of saying thank you for choosing them and doing business with them. Guaranteed mortgage bankers, no loans are too big or too small, whether it's bad credit, good credit or in between, they'll work with you to get to the loan you need. Guaranteed mortgage bankers call them today, toll free, 1-800-734-6616. As 1-800-734-6616. So, 1-2 hours. And the next survivor, only one will be lucky in October to find it. And saving will run into you. They can survive for Luzia. I can handle this. Two to the binding exhibition on Earth will be locked for these savages, and learn to respect our field of sleep. Actuous losers with no life are once again putting their lives on the line to ensure changing vacuumist losers with no life. This river's carries the plague south. No problem. We're touching through us plenty of y'all. It's one of two of five 60WCms. Think of Luzia as Luzia's from the Oper audience. A couple of of you said, and we never talked about this. Remember she gave her a wedding on the car. Right. And it's always the facts, Cubans. And then instead of winding her, OG will attack us on the car. It will be like six, seven, thousand. No, bro. What do we do? Here's the advice, bitches. Okay. Celica and pay the tax and keep the profit. Okay. And then they can sell her here at the Luzia. But it's a car, Oper gave me. Yeah, right. Only one thing we can say about that. Yeah, you two, Joyce. Anyway, Harvey Wasserman, who's a noted author and also, um, want to make sure I get it right. Also, senior advisor to Green P. USA and a nuclear information resource service, he writes this for the free press in Columbus, Ohio, not the Detroit free press or not a real free press, like we said in the 60s. Bush's history's top terrorist, man. This is just one of my favorites. He sums it up in a nutshell. And it makes you really wonder scratch your head real hard until it bleeds him under. How can it be so many people so stupid, so oblivious? And how can our fat ass governor go on there with a straight face and say, oh, well, she moved on to our org is even suggesting now that the hurricane that we had we resubber global warming. Can you believe that? Man, oh, man, it's just incredible. Anyway, Harvey Wasserman writes, as the fourth global warm hurricane in two months, ripped through Florida, we were reminded the George W. Bush's history's top terrorist. We know, of course, that Bush has slaughtered thousands of Iraqis in prison hundreds without trial or charges and presided over the torture and sexual abuse of many of them. Avruga Red is the world's leading recruiter for a hate American terrorist the world over. Bush's fanatic militarism has paid the way for countless crusades for oil and fundamentalism in the decades to come. He overthrew the elected government of Haiti resulting in hundreds of deaths. He tried to do the same in Venezuela, other target nations are sure to follow. Bush's also determined to turn AIDS into a profit center for the drug companies that helped fund him. His attacks on sex education, birth control and reproductive choice will kill girls in women for decades to come, especially if he re-quiminalizes abortion in his second term. As Texas governor Bush executed a record 150-plus people, he publicly mocked at least one cave-faith Tucker, Carliphate Tucker who had asked him to spare her, his escalated war on drugs has helped stuff 2.2 million Americans in the largest ghoulog in world history, many suffer regular physical and sexual abuse, many are also conveniently deprived of the right to vote. Bush's catastrophic no child look behind program is decimating America's one-pride education system vastly escalating literacy and ignorance. His borrowing thousands of students who traditionally come here from overseas, their disappearance will further cripple American education, as well as America's historic role in spreading democratic values to young people around the world. Bush is also decimated to Bill of Rights and Basic credums embodied in the U.S. Constitution paving the way for a potential dictatorship or ship should he get a second term. In short, he's then to America things no foreign terrorists could ever imagine. But it all pails before Bush's all out of attack on the natural environment which will ultimately kill hundreds of millions of people. Bush's eco-terror crusade has two primary roots, corporate greed and fundamental religious extremism. On the corporate side, Bush's entire environmental policy can be summarized in a simple sentence, any polluter favored by the Bush regime can pillage in destroy, any sector of the American ecology regardless of consequences with full official sanctions including huge taxpayer handouts. Bush's signature flip flop has been on global warming. The scientific and insurance community is now virtually unanimous that rising carbon dioxide levels are wreaking utter havoc with global weather patterns, including this latest parade of fair-being hurricanes. The only dissenters are all company flags, flat earth thinktakes, and fundamental aesthetics, and of course fat-esque energy at Bush. Bush promised in 2000 that if elected he would endorse the Kyoto Accords to cut CO2 emissions but then he joined Joseph Stalin in demanding that science for his bizarre ideology. At the behest of his petro-backers including Zikteni's halibutin, Bush's score to global consensus that includes his primary ally in Iraq, British Prime Minister Tony Blair, two of the world's biggest insurance companies, swishwex and Munich have issued strong warnings about the skyrocketing cost of climate catastrophes, even British petroleum has voiced concern at the same time making massive investments in solar power. Bush's fossil nuclear energy plan gives huge tax credits for gas-cuzzing humbese but is cynically still made at long-standing green energy taxes easements, crippling the once booming US wind power industry. Three years after Bush allowed 911 and America's 103 atomic power reactors remain vulnerable to attacks from the year, the first find that fluently world traits interconnect instead of turn the Indian Point reactors north of New York City in radioactive and furmoes. Such in a pocket of the Kentucky could still have in killing millions and costing trillions, dwarpping three mile island and Chernobyl. By doing nothing significant to the US reactor safer Bush's painted them with a big terror bull's eye. Bush is also reviving new weapons production testing, escalating the likelihood of nuclear war in production disasters. After 911, Bush lied to the people of New York about the toxic fallout from the world-fraints under collapses, his cover-up caused countless avoidable deaths is assaults on the air, water, food, and other regulatory responsibilities daily, poisoned millions worldwide. They feed the ongoing take of cancers, lugging heart disease, childhood afflictions, and too much more to catalog here. As should rain an ozone destruction add to the horrors of global warming, as the Bush is a tax-centemerifers' natural parks and public lands. As history is most environmentally destructive human, Bush's hate nature crusade has been blessed by fanatic fundamentalists who believe destruction of the planet will hasten the Messiah. James Watt, Ronald Reagan's interior secretary, scored attempts to preserve the earth by announcing that Jesus was coming soon anyway. Bush's been myster Carl Roe, a band such blunt talk, but his all-out of tax-centen environmental protection fuel efficiency renewable energy and much more have already guaranteed an avoidable death toll on parallel-in-human history. The evil winds of climate chaos now busting through the Caribbean may soon seem like mild breezes compared to the ultimate eco-curse of George's W. Bush. A till of the Han, Kangus Khan, the Kaiser, Hitler, Stalin, Sodom, Bin Laden, none of the more than those dying invested in the night Bush's anti-green hands. His terror attacks have driven mother earth to the very brink, four more years and he might just finish her off and all of us withered. Yeah, I really hate those out of all day. It's hard to find a burden. Bead around the Bush like that. Yeah, right. And a public is sitting out there like, whomever the emoji we're scared we're scared. We're going to put police protective stuff in it, please. Yeah, here's the ultimate coward, the draft outing coward who was too scared to fly, but he's going to be the courageous leader. The crusader that's going to lead us against the infidels against the evil doers. A lot of evil doers in the world, but the most dangerous ones are the ones sitting right there in a freaking White House. 5 6 7 5 60 been rambling too much. 5 50 in the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless lines. It is singularly amazing. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. You don't want to be a speaker phone. Let me tell my radio down. No, don't ever stop killing the truth the way you are. I'm an avid meal listener. Then with you back in the days of SATA and I will either but you I don't know what we're going to do when you leave or go because you're going on the airways to speak truth but you've got to go. Listen, I'm going to pull a J-line. I'm going to retire in the year 20. I believe us played a sexy man. I would have to be lost without you. I swear. And tell them how to retire to get their fingers back on and get back to work. It's that this whole thing to be done. Really stop. I hate that. We shouldn't go to go and bring that cocky. I say Bush has got to go and carry a bendman and grab Bob with no right on his ass. Why not? You're definitely correct. Come back. We're not. Here's how to look up in the far enough and up his stuff. Or however that goes. What he missed most about the 60s wasn't born yet, 145, 27 percent. Democrats with Balls 80, Music 80, hippie 648, the 648, White athletes, remember those? 33. Chief Gans 21, Jack and Bobby 20, San Bernardian 18, the drugs, all the drugs, 20, are real 717. Fremance at Gans stations 5, Animal Fast Food 5, 5, 549. Edible Fast Food, I should like to know where the hell that was. Maybe they think it like white cancel. I don't know, they're just thinking it was better then. I see. WQA and hello. Hey, Donnell. Pretty good? Good. I got a question on, I just recently said that the other day, said up, which is trying to pass a bill or on, bringing the drugs back for a day to 18 to 26. I was wondering if you've heard anything about that. No, it's a bullcrem. It is bullcrem. Right. Okay, because the bill is at 8 to R163 or something like that. No. It's not up, but it didn't talk much about it. Well, it's news to me. And don't just think that right before the election, it said they were really trying to bring the drugs back right now that we would hear about it. I would think so. I got an email about it though. Of course, if Bush gets in, then all bets are off. You know, if he wins the election, which he liked he will. Then all bets are off because we don't have anywhere near enough military. And that's where it goes. Don't you think? Yeah, well, something's got to give. Something's got to give. I mean, they're doing all these extended things the backdoor draft that we keep hearing about. Right. They're going to read out a carcass as, you know, that's correct. 12 minutes after one and five, 16 WQAM. We'll discuss welfare. Education. I want to discuss the juvenile justice system. You and I. He's pretty juvenile, if he asked me, and only dangerous in juvenile. Right now, Armstrong, for the homestead, monitored their lots and cell-off, all remaining now at 04's. That's 2000, for the homestead, 1904's. How's it going? Here's just some of the great deals waiting for it. Armstrong right now at 04, F-150, pick up this dollar over in voice. New 04 explorers just a buck over in voice. Rangers, crown-victs, toruses, and focuses all waiting for you. I just a single dollar over in voice only at Armstrong for the homestead. Well, Armstrong for it continues to offer more value to you. Folks, when you buy your for there, you'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get at Armstrong for doesn't stop through me because right now they'll continue giving up. A free Florida sun pass will there be vehicle a cell. Pressed for time, Armstrong for no's you time is valuable, so call them. And shop right over the phone, call 305-247-5112. That's 305-2475-112. They'll even deliver that new vehicle by two year. Armstrong for the homestead, they're locally owned and operated. They're a pleasure to do business with. They'll treat you just like family. And I guarantee, I'll make George Corso's life on it. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. Nobody in Switch, no phone and deals at Armstrong. Ford a homestead. There are 307-25. South They See Highway. Just 20 minutes out for the E36. Check them on the web, Armstrong cars.com, and then grab a little bit. Let's save a ton of them at New Ford only. At Armstrong Ford of prestigious homestead. You're a single meal, Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. Roger. A-M. A-M. A-M. Spencer, howl manure covers over this performance by the Galtax. Ah. I miss his now, Franklin. Ah. Jim Bob News, has been held as one of America's greatest songwriters. With a 3-0. From the outdoor home, you know, I have when it comes to clarity. Polymer Smithy, Marmaless St. Rob, the Penny Saver. Paul Kim Bob Newsom. The greatest comedy writer since milk came. But for shoes, go to the truth. And the night. John, howl, howl, now has a grateful death band. Ah. I appreciate the enormous town of Kim Bob Newsom. The cause to me, he and I sounds just like Jerry Garcin. Oh, bro, and two-person girl, The same old, because they know, because they know, because they know, so they should have you, now, now one else is as good as the embossed old, and your killer, who's seen now. And I named this in my toilet. Now, now, now. Yeah, we can smell it. It's the 118 out of here. We can also smell that air america. They do something or what? Are they making an impact? Are they turning the country around? No. They're really having quite an impact. But I think once Aluson's up a little bit, then, then he'll be dangerous. And what's your name? Oh, oh, can't believe. Oh, oh, oh. I got to make it a point to listen to that craft someday. Yeah. When I'm ready for the box, veterans were carried by from Bush rally. Oh, more of this kind of craft going on. Salem, Oregon, about 30 Oregon voters, veterans. Not 30 men. About 30 Oregon veterans who's a 4th electric car John Carrier for President, where we bought yesterday when he showed up in a Republican rally, and hopes of delivering a letter to First Lady Laura Bush criticizing the war in Iraq. Oh, you can't do that. Bush spoke to about 3,500 of her husband supporters at Shemaketa. What is that? Shemaketa. The toilet says, Shemaketa community college in Salem, Oregon, as with other Bushain events in the state of Michigan was by ticket only limited to supporters of the administration, who had had both lips persuaded for a big kiss on Laura's. That's dumb ass. Oh, pretty tough on the first lady there, huh? Before the rally to group a pro-fairy veterans ass secret service agents at the site of the liberal elected to Bush, but we're told they'd have to mail the letter to the white appers. Right. I mean, what does she look like? The mail, uh, lady or what? I'm carrying you. She looks like a mail lady. Oh. Terry Kursher, Vietnam veteran from Canby, Oregon, said he later tried to use the tickets again in the event, but was told to fire my martial art clothes to site. It was very disheartening to me as someone who fought in the war was wounded in the war now. I'm not allowed to hear my government speak Kursher, said Kevin Manix, chairman of the Oregon Republican Party said the student of Kursher, the event had to do with safety, not politics. He also dismissed complaints by Kursher, another carry back is about access to the rally, or is that asses? This was a rally for Bushainee supporters, Manix said if people have already made up their minds to support to uncurry, then they welcome to attend John Kerry's rally. That is scary if you're for John Kerry. That is scary as he looks, but almost. Although I do love that nice tan man. I bet you by the time that we have the debate tomorrow, and he's been looking like Al Sharpen. As a matter of fact, Chris Matthews had a good line. He had sharp in on last night. He had a great line. So couldn't you be the ventriloquist for a carriedory, or even if he had not been great, then we'd hear LBS, no punks his pool. Oh, and also good facts, some further pool. What do you miss most about the 60s? My youth. How do we forget that? How much is that? We'll go to Scarra, heading up to the top. You got that on there, Josh? Good. Good at that. My youth. This is the lowest blow, right? This is an editor of the Capital Times of Madison, Wisconsin, or exclusively, even a loud-goreable, one-miss-consonate-nuted, spec-miss-consonate-go-democratic, or an exploitative, supposedly been shown Bush ahead. Too many cheeseheads, too many Nazis, too many grunts. That's the problem, Wisconsin. Here's the editorial. The Republican National Committee's acknowledged sending mass-manories to voters in at least two states that suggests Democrats would have elected in 2004, banned the Bible. Literature designed and paid for by the Republican Party, the stupid and West Virginia Arkansas featured an image of the primary text of Christianity and the labeled BAND. Next to it was an image of a gay marriage ceremony labeled aloud. The text beneath images read, this will be Arkansas, if you don't vote, or this will be West Virginia, if you don't vote. The letter which was distributed as part of a campaign, this derfirs among evangelical Christians, who is votes to be a Republican National Committee and a George W. Bush campaign, believe, could provide margin of victory for the presence of your election campaign in key swing states. A.K.A. far-viscina Graham. To the view of the people working for the Republican National Committee and the Bush campaign, who are following a god-name Carl Roe, this is just politics. Under the influence of the White House political Zarr, who's got in Bush's every step in the electoral arena, they've suspended morality in the pursuit of a win in any cost of post-dollation hearing. But this is not just politics, this is something much darker, much more troubling. When political operatives begin to tell people that their holy text will be banned if they don't vote for a particular candidate or party, they end it into a danger zone. People take their religion seriously. History and contemporary experience tell us that they're willing to kill or be killed in order to defend their faith. One of the most powerful recruiting tools for terrorists is they suggest that one's religion is threatened. Playing with religion is playing with fire and to do so for political gain is beyond defense. There's at the end of defense. That fits. Just look over defense. The Democratic candidates for President and Vice President and John Kerry and John Edwards are active members of different Christians and nominations. They've not proposed banning the Bible. Nor are other leading Democrats. They'll have the federal jurist who's spoke whose spokesman for the Republican National Committee claim inspired their fanatical claims. There was no threat to the Bible. But there is a threat. Political operatives who lack any role compass are stirring dangerous fears. They need to be called to account. Responsible Republicans, and despite the fall actions of the Republican National Committee in the Bush campaign, it should remember that there are still many responsible Republicans to call upon their party apparatus and their friends campaign committee to cease all appeals to religious bigotry and fear. Democrats and independence, along with thoughtful religious leaders, have already objected to the GOP maimings. What they're doing is despicable, interfaith aligns leader Don Parker says that Republicans they're playing on fears and emotions. The Charleston, you said newspaper in West Virginia, complain to be childish allegations that Democrats want to ban the Bible. But ultimately, this isn't a mess that'll be cleaned up by religious leaders and newspaper editorial pages. This is an issue that responsible Republicans must themselves address they should do so quickly and loudly, condemning those political operatives who in their hand handed attempt to religion and politics have found the low ground and occupied it. It's a lowest blow that's to head line of the editor in the Madison Wisconsin Capital Times. Low blow. How's Rob doing, by the way? Just fine? She should never have left that West Wing. I'll tell you right now. I don't want you to want to show us. Oh, here's a good one. This is an excellent choice for our poll. But I miss most about the 60s. Good radio. Yeah. Oh, God. Good radio. You got a Josh? We got it. Real top 40 stations progressive rock, free form, chicken rock, real personalities, chicken rock, nine chicken man, too. He's everywhere, you know, chicken man. 560, 560, pound 560, only Verizon singular wireless lines. As we're getting the audience whipped up into a spastic frenzy, aren't we? They're just forming it tomorrow. Yeah. WDQAM, hello. The orodgers. Yes? How are you doing? How are you doing? Good. I was thinking, you know, I was in a car accident. I heard how orod I almost dropped out of my, you know, what? Anyway, I'm left with longer radio. And it's just too far up on what you were saying about Republicans and we're going to plan this and ban that. People would sell the clipper to get this guy reelected to a really bad nurse in home. And proof of that is what we just talked about. And I just wanted to put my two cents on that. Okay, pal. We're still here. Whenever how we decide to go home, that's when we're on every day. All right, buddy. Thanks. Seeing people don't even know yet. People have no idea what's going on yet. But they're busy having budget meetings at greats house today. Oh yeah. So don't be messing up. Today that's the excuse to do as you or you know. We don't want to take care of business. Well, it's budget meetings. That is very, very, very big. And it tomorrow there will be a distant relative who will die somewhere in like a Czechoslovakia. Right? Even though there ain't no more Czechoslovakia. But there will be some story and there will be some excuse. I think I'm getting ready to get me a real agent. You know, I'm getting ready to Schmidt-Can at the city of Lai Orange. And it's that silly fruit cake that baseball of says fruit cake. I guess what norma they are seeing just about over it. Marlon's ain't going to make it. I just mentioned it in passing. You silly fruit you. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. People are trying a lot of people just now coming back from the summer time from Labor Day, the holidays, the hurricanes, the holiday things. So we owe it to them to kind of like, explain what else going on here. When anybody tells us, well let's you know. Jim handed to you too, we know that. We have the hump or Hank Goldberg back after a lengthy. We take it as an assign suspension and vacations and more suspension. Hank is back for to 630. And you got your Marlon's on that 630, 7 o'clock Marlon's at the Exposure, I'm only least significant games in history. And then it can't to the baseball game. You ever fight out to the Marlon, the Exposure have any more home games after The series or what? No, who cares? Come on, now that's heavy duty stuff. I get to know a whole bunch of frogs up there really with them. But third man. Yeah. In fact, they hit like 67 and Martian all through Montreal today with Big placards saying, a party boom, a jump on Z. Or some crap like that. It is a beautiful city of Montreal just the people it's suck. Kind of like South Florida. You haven't told you for a long time, I need to shop at 1-800-MACRES Well, guess what? Now I want to tell you even more. Now I'm at Fris' proud to carry the top, the names of the business including Now, seemingly post-rophiedic, the number one brand in matrices. Call 1-800-MACRES today and you'll get factory devices on all, CD, post-year pedics. When you call 1-800-MACRES, you'll get same data everywhere, all across South Florida. By calling 1-800-MACRES, you're choosing the deepest and wide Assault-X and C.L.E.B.B.B.B.B. All available for same data delivery, and that's where I wonder that you choose to fit your schedule and dial a matrix of course shows up on time 99.7% of the time. What's not to like? Now, the matrices are like number one. A customer said, especially when is the 2004 better business Bureau local torture excellence awards. So if you want to waste a lot of time and money in gas, swap around in comparison, shopping, you're betting in department stores, and then you'll still come back and make that one easy call. What you can do right now, sitting on your Fed ass, and get to the best deal all the way around as far as price selection and delivery 2. Call 1-800-MACRES or check them out on the web at mattress.com. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. Tourists at Middle-Rugins and Squishers. 10-10-10-10-10-10-12-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10-10. The Ignissel Chamber, the cure voice heard in a soothing and nanny interrupting way. This November, software activate. Hello, I'm Phil Collins. Please join me in the algorithm, adults and brewery friends! I'm software of the photo, are you? In heroic stories. That's right, Phil. Get on your feet, come on and make it happen. Register to stop rocks with both land statement to Islamic extremist worldwide senior counterterrorism officials have this week. The officials said the networks aim in the U.S. and in other countries as well is mainly to disrupt the democratic process in a more general sense. Strucking America at a time of heightened sensitivity, perhaps they would see that as a feather in their camp, said one senior administration official, along with three others brief reporters on condition of anonymity, Monday about the pre-election threat. The official said that while in television repeatedly indicates that I'll kind of offered it as a post-person in Bush, no evidence has been found they hope by successful attack my boost to Canada to see an democratic drawn carry. The anti-Bush sentiments here is the most important part. Listen carefully to this line. The anti-Bush sentiments the official sent a broader hatred of the United States and Western democracies is a whole. And of course they have a lot of company in that first part of that sentence, a broader hatred of the U.S. It's really not for our consumption, the official sent a motive behind the attacks, it's for their supporters to rip them up into a frenzy to make them more gung-ho. By President Cheney as we know sparked intense democratic outrage this month when he said while campaigning in Iowa that if voters make the wrong choice to remember second, the danger is that we'll get hit again. Cheney later with Iran is pushed, but of course realizing that most people wouldn't forget the original word said he didn't mean that if carrier were elected, they'll al-Qaeda would attack. Did he mean that? There was a main list in government officials have said how whether that al-Qaeda was involved in by the March to Motor Train Bommings in Madrid, which was a fact from the U.S. Spain's former ruling party. The foreseeable official said they have continued to receive intelligence confirming al-Qaeda's intentions to attack priority election with U.S. government's been warning about since spring. One of they stopped warning. Let's see, we had the fourth of July, we had Russia, Shana, Yom Kipper, Sockets, Simkhustura, Madeh, Memorial Day, Labor Day, New Year's, Grimadat, Christmas, Easter Sunday, all Saints Day, Quarza, Quarza, Quarza, O'Nandakorz, guess what's coming of? I'm not really sure exactly when it starts, but it's very, very soon. I'm a don, a Ramadan, a Ramadan, a Ramadan. It's considered like all of January. No, I'm sooner than I believe. Ask what your Schmacht-Fayne friends, Zilla. I don't know anybody. Oh, yeah, you do. Come on, go on, let's get it. We've got nothing. Man, I'll tell you, now's just going to talk to the caregivers. Wow. I mean, if they want to hi terrorists in Canada or anywhere in the Western Hemisphere, Toronto is the place, a wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, we got more varieties of head here than you ever even knew existed. How do I get this point? I know like five Israelis and still no Arabs. And you remember I told you if you want to go that, well that's why you have such a Jonas view. Yeah, I just don't know any nice Israelis yet. I'm sure there must be some. Remember I told you that the valley of Lama was in town and then all those purple shrouded purple haze people were, oh boy, it's just me, I just want to cross. I think we're orange. No, purple. You better get with it, Mr. Not, what's his name? Tim McBaday that was where an orange. And starting today, it's Martha Stewart. If she reported to us as a Virginia West Virginia with a banjo on her thing, she reported for duty in jail today. Martha Stewart, did you know that? Oh, I saw it on the, saw it on the TV. It must be true. Oh, and we also saw the economies doing so great. That's what the Bushmaster would tell us. That's why Delta Airlines said yesterday. It'll cut wages by 10% and it's cheap executive will go unpaid for the rest of the year. Kind of like what Al Franken was going to do in America. But it's still warmed Delta bankruptcy within weeks and less more cuts are made. So let's say US scared, they're right on the edge. Delta, they're going on this. We got 1.7 million jobs lost. First time since heaver, heaver, and the great depression. The war is going to hell on a hand basket, even rolling, colon sellout Powell says that. The economy is going to hell. We had four hurricanes in about five minutes because of the global warming in spite of what Fed has governor Bush tells us. And so, you know, what's not to like, right? Right. I say four more years. And by that, and another four years net about kind of wrap it up. 151 at five, 16. W. M. He wanted to know more about following a low carb diet. You want the best tasting largest lesson low carb foods at the best price and head for a store that's entirely dedicated to you and your needs. It's called the lights of West Boca. Whether you're starting or restarting the act. It's the sugar bus. It's the South Beach of any low carb sugar free diet. The lights of West Boca is and always has been the number one low carb store in town. Now, even shop your local grocery store for some of the basics. But if you want a better selection of low carb goodies, if you want to sample anything to be served before you buy it. And if you want people who really know low carb diet inside and out, with the friendlyest customer service, then this is the place for you. The low carb headquarters the lights of West Boca. You'll find over 1200 delicious products there like carbolite ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and lots more. The lights is open every day, seven days a week from 10 in the 10 p.m. and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Blades Road in 441 right next to Boston Market. column toll free at 1-877 low carb LOWCARB or on a web it's low carb.com. There's only one but what a store it is. The lights of West Boca, your official, atkins retail center. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. It has a lot of stuff. Mark the Washington Mandel. We have picked it on the first lady. One 50's. Pretty tough on the first lady. How George? Yeah. Pretty hard on it. One 50's. We have to make a big big stand-in. One of these days not soon. Because we do too many of those food polls. But the worst item. Didn't we want to do the best of your favorite fast food item in any of the childhood joint? We did it. We did it too long ago. We never did the worst. Since these people are so... They want to get on their system. That would be good. The worst piece of crap. You're like a big Mac. Or like a wiper at Burger King. Big piece of rubber. Did I dream it? Here you say you ate at Burger King. That's the past 10 years? Maybe I dreamed it. Maybe it was a nightmare. There's the poor results. So far, this turned out to be a good poll. Thanks to our good friend Sean. Tomorrow I think we'll do the crumudge in one. I like that one. Chris, a cranky old, fine. I'll be on there. I hope we get a lot of votes. And of course, don't forget, you know who they didn't put on here? Yeah, see how to side out of mind. We'd like to get back to the day when Mo was unbeatable. And for those days, no matter what poll you put them on. Who's got the biggest head? Who's the biggest piece of crap? Who's got the most editorial voice? Who's got the loveliest eyes? And Mo. Right? What are you most most about the 60s that was our poll question? I'm eating a few pastures now. So a little cheese earlier, a little of that S.I.G.I. going a few cashews right now. So I apologize profusely for eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here. I was eating on here.