I mean for motor to show you moving. By the way, George, Greg is your favorite. I'm gonna show you the whole lecture up. I'm gonna show you the whole lecture up. Watch, solid. Yeah, that's the whole lecture up. I'm gonna show you the whole lecture up. I'm gonna show you the whole lecture up. You got your name on the ballot. I should never have a chance. You can be heard. You put your name on the ballot. Go lay you up on the ballot, yeah. With those all of you. And the man coming your hand. Thanks to you, the life's winner. Stolen your lecture, bear the swear. And all the last two guys who made your ass. So when you lecture bear the swear. Go lay you up, slow the guy. And lie the six, you buy for rare. Ooh. You lay the round, baby. You let the whole lecture up. You let the whole lecture up. You let the whole lecture up. Go buy yourself a doze. And drop the deck this will be smart. She's a race of raps and a... Five of the race of industry. Go drive, go to work, go to watch, dream. So you do this. Okay, so how's the Ivan coming, huh? Everybody relax. I can't even imagine what they're doing on TV. I'm so glad I'm out there. But I just... I just like to be able to get a peek. Walls eat a kind of cramp of whether they're drawn, that thing right now, they tip of Cuba right into your tip. Yeah, anyway, here's the A-D-A-N. They finally updated this. They're a little bit behind for some reason. The National Hurricane Center. Why is that? It's like, huh? Hurricane Ivan and extremely dangerous hurricane continues westward across the south eastern Caribbean Sea. Or do you say Caribbean? We've been to that many many times and quite frankly. What? I don't care. Right. At the hurricane launch in April, storm morning, we're made in the fact that why here they're putting into the loculomia. Ooh, wow, we've doubled all of them. Durdierers, all those escal bars. I'm sorry. And for the entire northern coast of Venezuela. Didn't I say yesterday that a giant that it was continuing to go do west and they go on to admit that? Yeah, you did. This was gone. What? Do west. At A-D-A-N. And Monday, I have hurricane, I've always looked at it. Glad to 12.5 north, 12.5 north day. Lungitude, 40, a 65.5 west, or about a hundred ninety miles east of Van Eyre. And the Netherlands and Tilly's luck, I suggest that they should all get blown away and the Netherlands and Tilly's. If you pardon my saying that, there might be some nice people there, but I doubt it. I doubt it. Bonnier. That's where they got their big 50,000-bot blowtorch on 800 were sea-cales, W used to be that religious station in Bonnier. Have you heard that? No. Really? Should I? Let's know. Don't do it. Okay. I've been as moving toward the... Yes, why? West? West? Go west, young man? Okay. Six-year-60 miles an hour. Now, they've been saying this for like three days. A gradual turn toward the west north west is expected during the next 12-24 hours. The elotion motion should bring the center of north of a rouba bunnier and Chris Salo later today. So, stay in winds 140 miles an hour, which makes it a cat-four as your weather experts would say. Let's see, a 70 miles here minimum central pressure was 955 millabars, which means it's pretty damn strong as what it means nasty. But again, if you look at the tracking match, it looks like it's going right to that western tip of Cuba. There is one tracking at the chose. It goes through the western tip of Cuba, and then all of a sudden, making that dreaded right turn up, hopefully, a less coastal Florida. Now, we sure hope that it doesn't affect the less coast of Florida, especially while Greg Weedon, the BZ-0, but if it was very important meetings of whatever the hullard doing, which is a lot more important than taking care of Venice, whether it's your 2 AM. I mean, I could do it from now until midnight, because I'm still whipped up into a panic, I just psychically. And we apologize for the technical problems yesterday. We had our fine engineer up here in Toronto, take care of it. There was nothing we didn't take care of. You brought the bike because you were screeching. I was screeching too loud, and the equalizer, when I was seized up, and it was like, yeah, I kept it, yeah, it's all try to keep it very common in the lower part. We got a lot of time today, because how we for the second day in a row, crapped out of the bus, 10, 20 this morning, we don't want to see too much more of that how we, okay, we like to, is 10, 45, 11 o'clock, 11 15 departures are just fine with us. What a slacker. I think Robin would have a hell of a lot more news these days. But anyway, here at QAM, we're kind of like wondering, you know, who wrote the book a love? He said it in his monotone way. I just don't get it. I don't understand, maybe the audience out there is finding it most amusing, you know, I don't know, they got a lot of other fish to fry. You know, they got their issues. A lot of people are starting to get a little teal with FPNL. In a little bit tired, just a little bit tired of waiting for that power to come back on and they look across the street, and their neighbors got the power on, and they don't. It's me again. Bob, doosh, when you're done. Sure, whatever you say. Are good friends at FPNL. Do we want to rip them or what? Do they spend a lot of money on QAM? They said, tell them. Well, in that case, we love our friends at FPNL. Because we're just a bunch of horrors, and we'll just suck up to anybody. How come price drag for it never came back to me with answers about the questions I have for our next sales department this morning? How come Jerry Sarner never came in with a big smile on his face? A big bright smile on his post? To tell us to answer us what that's all about. We just cannot get any answers. Okay, that's the problem. That's the biggest source of frustration. Like, why is the hump are coming back? They're not trying to, or is it coming back? That was fun. Which it ain't going to be this week, because I'm looking on the schedule, and he and on today, he's not on tomorrow, which we got a Marlon game at the neck of the ball game tomorrow. We got $0. That one again. And now in Friday, we got a Marlon's and comes game at 145 free game, game time at 220. So he wouldn't be on anyway. Because it's a duble header. So there are many, many questions, and if you people are there any audience who are thinking, you just have the answers, that's all the answers. No, no, we don't. We haven't got any clue. What's going on? We do know this, bad news. As I told you yesterday, US military deaths in Iraq campaign passed a thousand miles stone yesterday. But more than 800 of them coming during the stubborn insurgency that flared after the Americans brought down, Sodom who's saying in prison, a bush declared major combat over. Now I thought that back in December when it captured Sodom himself and it were singing and we got him. Remember that? Yeah. And that was supposed to be the beginning of the end. At that point, if we're talking about, like in accordion, they were all going to go step in a line. Everything was going to be full of syrup. Our shills in there that criminal Chalabi and obviously a lot of we got who's in other CIA shill. And everybody was going to like go step up to them. Well guess what? A spike in a fighting with Sunni and Shiite in Surgeon's killed seven Americans in the Baghdad area on Tuesday, pushing the counter to a thousand and two. The Tally was compiled by the Associated Press based on Pentagon records and AP reporting from Iraq. The Bush administration is long lengthy Iraq conflict to the war. I'm terrorism. The 911 commercial ever concluded that Iraq and Al Qaeda did not have a collaborative relationship before the 2000 monetization of the Yorker Washington. And some have questioned to what extent foreign terror groups are involved in the anti-U.S. Insurgency in Iraq. I do like that. Do you see? The evil do we're sure what happened? There in fact the life was pretty tripled in Iraq back then before the illegal invasion before the Iraq attack as opposed to what it is now. And so I guess it would be very unpaid for you out of an American to say that these thousand and two Americans have died for absolutely nothing for an illegitimate war based on a pack of lies and the media sitting back. But what about like that? I will say the Dan Radar on 60 minutes. Two is it? Is that the show tonight? Whatever the hell they call it? He's got that. In fact, we got it on our website. The Texas guy, which I got to all stir around here like, who, uh, it tells us about how he pulled the strings to get, uh, El President, they think it's George W. Into the National Guard. Back to nice job there, Eric. It's about time. I mean, nice job. Huh? Ha ha ha ha. Right there on the website. We've got all kinds of you listening to the audio. Some of the great clips from our good close personal friend Ben Barnes. Lieutenant Governor Ben Barnes of Texas. Speak up in the whole bunch of clips. You didn't even see the whole thing on 60 minutes two with Dan Radar tonight. As not, they're starting to like play tit for tat if I can say that. They're starting to play f***er tat. That kind of turn the tables around. As the thratha, yours are going to be a spoiler for exactly the phony's that they are. On our website today on our, behind a media curtain, we've got Ariel Dumball. A dumb, dumb basil. How do you say her name? Ariel Dumbasel. Don't take a look at her. Okay, because the pictures from quite a while ago when she wasn't quite so old as she is now. She was born April 27, 1955 in Norwich, Connecticut. She is fluid in French and Espanol. Well, great. You like that about your impressed by that and so forward. I had no idea. Your language of choice. And her, still longer fee, meledy. She's filming that right now for at least next year. Meledy, it's a TV movie and it really sucks is what I hear. And then a whole bunch of a French craft that I can pronounce like Jean-Rouillumine. London, Petrice, Bernal, C-C, for some C-C. Albert, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, have no idea how to pronounce French and I'm very proud of that. And it's French and it's, and let's aim is really, um, really aims or something like that. I have no idea what to solve it by, but much of French movies. So as she is on our website, if you're really into the hungry and you had permission from mommy and daddy and every relative of us still living at a few who are not deceased. Please take a quick peek of that and then move on. She's, she's okay that picture and yesterday just a gone, that was Primo Crapman. Yeah. Huh? Yeah but she's got big hooters. No, you're missing my phone. I'm saying it was great. Primo Crap, you're, you're right. I'm sorry. Well, no. No one's gonna understand. They don't like her because of the whole, you know, scandal, they all, I see. So look guys out there, wouldn't touch her with your, um, appendage because of the scandal would you make her a, a man. That's what they like to say. Gagly with a prune, okay. Gagly. That's the hooray. There you go. Especially that picture. She still look like that. Maybe she does still look like that. Nah, I don't think. Get right back to you. Okay, better take the break and so far, my cofones working everything's in order of it. It's under the shoulder. It's a little bit nicely. Before I'm gonna talk if somebody in our sales department, especially Troy Stratford was given a very tough assignment this morning. And one of the entertainers at the dolphins in the world for this team, this year, probably could, no problem. Just slide. Come on with some answers to the difficult question. I'm like hi. I'm Britney Spears and I'm totally endorsing President Bush for the president of the United States. Because he's someone who cares about things. And I think he's really good at accomplishing stuff. And she's awesome when it comes to the issues. Thank you. Baby launch a couple of missiles. That's the word of place we know. The name of that of them. Whose first name begins with gold. There's one thing we all understand. I'll get it won't be finished. Sight until we blow up back and say, We could chase him round forever with our tanks and all our truce. The special colors and stars who tire of gentleman through the improves. We totally need another place. I'll go red and go. Let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up back and say, Yeah. How could an evening hear our tea? Are you sure? I don't need stuff. Let's see if we can blow up. That's the same. Those tanks ought to be rolling through a sunny rainy day. That's the same right now. Here for you. 1035 at 5.60WQAM. Happy Wednesday too. I get the feeling that we just get started now. I don't know why. Well, I don't get to feel it we're starting yet. Maybe how we end and robbing our little bit off their feet after that lengthy vacation and labor day and all the other festivities. See, see, actually saw that a little bit in the bag this morning. He always tells that way to me. No, he's not in seriously a little bit in the bag. Anyway, here's our pull from yesterday because that's our slogan if you aim. Yeah, we can thank Mow for that because he shares. He likes to pass that baby around. Which of these best describes your hurricane Francis experience? Now, I don't know what George would probably say. I said nightmare out of the choices on his pull. Yeah. Boring nightmare. And really the nightmare without like any damage or any like real major, but just it was still a nightmare. It was like a nightmare that didn't want to end and it just seemed like it went on in terminably forever and ever. And that was with only losing power for two hours, which I feel very lucky about that. Anyway, aggravating said to everyone 41. Tondrous, 230. In other words, f***ing tondrous, 230. 4 or rain, 229. Just sit around watching TV if you had your power and eating and eating. I can't even imagine what it must be like for the people that still don't have their power. Which I'm sure that we have many of those people in our battery videos right now. And we sympathize with you and we are really pissed off for you. And what do I mean? Yes, yes we are. We are. Are you about yours back? Yes, yes, sir. Wait, late Sunday night, like around 9 o'clock Sunday night at the three days. Three days without during that big storm on Friday, you know that three o'clock squall that almost destroy us all? Uh huh. Well, we, those of us who live in South Florida, least have for a long period of time know that every time a pigeon has wild diarrhea, and Fiona has a little bit of a, a part problem in the of power goes out. It's just one of those things. That only happened about every hour. About good man. Sometimes, but luckily, it's a kept coming back. Anyway, boring to an in 29 lucky. I'm glad somebody mentioned that because a lot of us were very lucky. It could have been much, much worse, 223. Stir crazy, 195. No big deal, 116, for those who had like just in all, let me be like a minor blow. Costly 84, a nightmare 48. I just keep thinking, fact I had nightmares last night. Not about that, but just in general. Just about life based on the, being trapped down there for all those days. You can do this. So, you're not turned to man. That's all. And the total disaster 28, and we feel for those people. Now let's see, somebody our good close personal friend, the only real map until 11 o'clock, your correct, sir. In fact, I've been checking this out myself. And did I just mention this only moment ago? You mentioned about this track, you map, but thank you, it's I look at it on the pewter, but this guy wants to make dandraga, got it. See if I computer here doesn't ever go down. I think any of the equipment here doesn't go down either was my fault. I take, I take, we had the engineer checked the thing out today, and I'm positive, you look quite about computers, that my puking my gut's out, get really animated in two of a sighted because you could see it. You remember that Josh? Yeah. And I was screaming about something about Bush and all of a sudden ah, right. And then I'd slam in the table here and then the microwave would clear up and then it was on the guest mic too and then it would come back and it made for a very exciting, I guess, last hour to show. I'm a hollong to that last little bit over an hour, I think. Yeah, about that. Yeah. It was like scene locks. Seems like a hundred years. Actually, I guess it was kind of a amusing. People's mind about how the machine's locked up when I told me that it was very amusing. Was it really? That's what they said. If you got to see how hard I was like banging on the here in the table too, I was just slamming and cranking. We shall tell you if I could. I didn't rain. So here's the map and I'm looking at Ivan, okay? And like I said, only moments ago, this project had tracked by the National Hurricane Center goes right across the Jamaica. So our Jamaican friends out there, the nice know and you, I'm the who we're going to buy from now. I mean, whose George is going to get, who's going to be operating that barber shop now? Huh? Well, we don't want to lose our good Jamaican connections. You know, I'm saying, even though we're not too followed by the Jamaican people in general, especially the women. And then it goes on this track. That's, um, that's as of two o'clock Saturday morning, okay? It's past over all ready. You make it with Passover and Jamaica, even the Goi and we're celebrating. And then it's like on a way toward two a.m. Sunday, the southwestern part of Cuba. Cuba, okay, but I'm going to blow it over to the man. And then all of a sudden inexplicably it takes a miss bill come out to turn to the northwest. I mean, it's been just moving west northwest all along. Then all of a sudden they are pretty little take this sudden turn this Brian or cross miss come out turn toward the northwest and be right across from Naples for it, Myers and Abesley headquarters. That'll be like Monday at two o'clock in the morning. So I sure hope great. It's out there before then, or there'll be another long excuse for him hiding and seeking from everybody like like he is fond of doing. I was thinking this morning of all the people that he's been like destroying their lives. I'm sorry to man. Who the hell are we to talk about the chief channel and about Pete Boulders, the assassin and David Ross is just who the hell are we to be talking about that? Stop and take a bite. I'm going to hell I hear. In the last few months on this radio station, is there other than Ed Kaplan? Okay, let's go back and start with, um, well, I mean we don't want to go all the way back to the worst team and it's very a certain formations, right? You could go before then. Now we don't want to go before then. Just looking back to last few months starting with the Joe Mark overnight show. By the way, Joe Kaustell is coming back to kill me. I'm not. He's doing just fine on the XM. Where's it? The serious XM? XM, like I said. And starting with that, I'll be starting a bunch of, uh, OG, did you see that thing on the internet? I, uh, much, I'm much, I'm much into nothing. And then we had the molting and, uh, mowing guilty from six to nine so they had to move this show. And now this goes back a couple years to nine to one which worked like a pregnant pulled water. I'm trying to go over to your hoop and July. And then we had, uh, mowing guilty moved up from six to nine up till five. They moved up an hour thinking that shoving him back into the wee hours of the morning would make mowages take it roll up his piece and leave. That didn't happen either. Didn't work. And then of course we had for a while from eight to ten which that worked really well. We're still waiting for the final fall off from that to come dropping on our heads. And then it was by my for a while and I was back to ten o'clock and it was like, uh, what was after that? And it was mowing guilty five day and then we still rosé to fit. And I'd like to have as a numbers in there. But I guess there were a little bit too good plus we'd want to be sports nerds anymore. Greg wrote woke up one day and decided he was going to take his balls and go home and play some other games. So we don't want to be quite that much sports nerds up because quite frankly, if the offered don't come back, what do we really have? I'm not talking about, uh, franchises, but I'm talking about people on the air every day. Who and what do we really have on this radio station that we mean anything as far as sports only one thing I can think of. And he's the one. The man, dog, who will be on today, I believe, is he? What are my schedule and it's actually typed in. Oh. You'll be on a tour clock. You got more Howard David it for the still mysteriously. I'm not even going to say the case needs suspended for the mysteriously disappeared Hank Goldberg. You got more Howard David at four to six thirty. And in Marlon's on decorative thirty, he met the Marlon's seven or five. Did I say yesterday that the Metro easy pick and Zystai Josh, that's right. And there were, it was a walkover okay, so Marlon's continue on your march. I didn't see the final scores in the Cub's winner lose. They won. Uh, saying it. But the Marlon's are on fire and they're making a good run if he wild cards. So somebody might actually care again now and Eddie can't do the baseball games. So that's our schedule. But if you look at that, is there anybody on here except any K at the regular time they were a couple years ago at the same time? I'm thinking. May God. Okay, only him. But let's play that by the platters only you remember that? Yes. Yes you do. I do. He's he the one and it's a miracle that he's the one because after they just out and certainly decided to move us into like whenever Howard Stern is done, Greg decided, well you know we're paying meal for four hours. We'd really like to have mom for all four hours. This is after they said if I was disturbed by the fact that Stern ended whenever he felt like it, you could kind of fill in between whenever he ended and they would actually put up with you for a few minutes. You can do 11 to two. So first it was okay that we're going to pay me the same amount for two three hours. Then they decided, well we really would like you to do four. So in other words, today, Mad Dog would come out at about two twenty. And then what? And on days when Stern ends like at 11 o'clock, Mad Dog would come out at three. I mean, is that ridiculous or what? Uh-huh, ludicrous. See one thing we've talked about and that is that people, especially with radio and television too, but even more so radio, the audience loves consistency. They like knowing that when they turn on their sting, they want a crank it on at a certain time every day, they know what to expect. Who's going to be there? No, yeah, you're wrong. That's not what Peter Paul said. I say likes surprises every day. Well then this is your surprise station. WDQAM. Look at those phones. What's that all about? QAM, hello. Yeah, the cut is locked by the way. Josh said they want the videos. They want. Okay, thanks. Well you should go on you Mr. One by the gushing huh? Why? You will see likes flashing because I don't. I do. Are you on a splash and over here? Hey, don't start. You don't need to press him today. I had that little problem yesterday and it was on there and it was again the computer, the internet thing was down again. Even though we go was trying to let go. Oh, it's on your end. It's I. You got something on your end too. Okay, it looks like the tip of Cuba. WQAM, hello. QA, QAM. Your high um, the cut board. Was this square four three or something? Seven, seven, six, seven, six. Okay, thanks. So I thought was three three. Like yeah. Well they were winning when I when I was watching. Josh, I cannot believe you've done that. They were winning while you were watching. What can you do? You're uh, counting your chickens before they lost man. I don't know if what they lead the big one. So it's a lot to come back. It is a good thing. We're static about that. So that puts them are lens only about two games behind a wild card right now. I believe 20 half. No. Yeah. They are. I don't I don't believe anything you're seeing at this point. I think I think you've been brainwashed. Okay. I think something happened to you while I'm in a what was the Miguel that yesterday. But I hope you enjoyed it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line. The microphone is working just fine today. I wonder if I should try the guest mic. I don't want to. Huh? Oh, there's a week. It's a day. WQA and the comes along. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Neil can you talk louder? My battery is dying if we're fierce. Good luck in, Charlie. Be it to up, speak up. Okay. I don't want to talk to a lot of loads of things out again. So I can't really jump from yesterday's core. I haven't done the new fully yet. Well I'm too busy with all this hurricane Ivan stuff. Well I you look, I can't control the way you people react. Okay. You are what you are. All right. Like Michael Tolvinson and Godfather 3. You are what you are. So if you want to be a bunch of lemons, a bunch of flamingos, a bunch of sheep who react every time the whistle blows, every time somebody farts the wrong flavor. I can't control that, but my suggestion is just relax. As, as, as, as, grow test is a Charlie was and I want to, I didn't even mention yesterday the whole overreaction the hurricane was. The hurricane Charlie syndrome because people at the hurricane center, other weather prognosticators and pretenders didn't bother we left with egg on their posts and their pants down their ankles like they were with hurricane Charlie because I made that sudden and like I said the other day we all know for sure these things can do anything, right? Right. They could do anything. So when you see the tracking maps it's the probability and that's why they put that big ice weem cone and of course certain people put that big double scoop on the under ice cream cone. So it makes sure that includes the entire viewing area so everybody's clapping in their pants running out buying lumber in the, all kind of water all kinds of stuff that they really don't need in generators, all of these things. All the other people would be happy if they had generators right now, right? Yeah, that would have been nice for the weekend. See if there would be one thing that I would buy if I was in that situation again, it would be a generator. Sure, I aim to because as terminals are was for me I only lost the power for two hours. I can't even begin to imagine the mammoth amount of food that can consume if I could have found a place to buy any. That was another thing. And people at Taco Bell stuff put in beans on our food when we don't want no beans are pretty soon you're going to be a much-a-hands beans okay I love Taco Bell. See this is what really frost my asses when you find a place they really love. And then they start to want things that piss you off and you start like well I don't love them so much anymore, you know? I'll kind of like the way we got these pills about this radio station. I can't say that I blame them. Boy Greg I want to tell you man I hope he's in his car on the way over there to the West Coast. I very safely but I want to tell you you're just there are no words to describe it because this radio station isn't about entertainment it's not about the people who work here it's not about the people who make it what it is it's not about any of these things it's about Greg Reed. This is about a little spoiled guy who's got you know made a lot of money with other people's money and and as a result it's whatever Greg wants this is Greg want to be a sports nerd today this is Greg want to be the Howard Stern station today this is Greg want to be the wild and over the edge station today this Greg want to be all very very careful because we don't want to lose the license today whenever it is a Greg one that's what WQAM is and make no mistake about it okay and of course the fact is just like bush you see the similarities between Greg and Bush because they like to say a lot of the same things the fact Greg's favorite line is the lab he likes to you know stick that finger in a hole in his head and say that a lot but a similar idea that I see between Bush and Greg is the fact that they both are coolists they think they know something which makes them very dangerous but anyway here's the days pool I don't want to get sidetracked on that because I can get now the Detroit Stratford committee give you the information I was looking for no no I'll be sure to ask again tomorrow okay lot of the past week was the most significant to you is our full question today lot of stuff happened the last week yeah for our king Francis Bill Clinton's heart surgery with nobody's even talking about I guess it's become that routine although I had a story yesterday about the doctor who they preferred to do the surgery he had a tea time at nine o'clock Friday morning he said he'll pass he didn't know who it was did you know that no tea for two yeah so he recommended some other surgery and luckily it wasn't some bozo and luckily the thing turned out okay wouldn't that have been something huh if this surgeon would have said oh no I got a tea time I got a plate golf in fact quite frankly any any surgeon that said I'm says with golf I would want to touch him anyway Bill Clinton's heart surgery the slaughter of hundreds in Russia there's some more that really good old time religion for you again you religious idiots out there you spazzles man you just you frost my ass or just remember it's only those other religious team wow Christians don't kill them right that's right there were no crusades there was no inquisition there is no killing of abortion doctors or bombing of abortion clinics there are no um killings in northern Ireland there's no of the slaughter in the Middle East it's just a Islamic thing last night while I'm here with the rest of the pool the dolphins did jf people restarting quarter back oh my god or new full show bush with a big lead which event of the past week was the most significant to you so they have never norville on him and said we see I have no idea why I guess he needs a job and I have nobody watching anyway and Larry King had on uh L&D generate last night which I don't want to see that bike ever again he turns my stomach so I actually line up watching Deborah Norville or was discussion about this road test this this unspeakable thing in Russia would over 200 the school kids killed another hundred and fifty on top of that 250 plus people slaughtered for no reason at all because a bunch of punks decided wow we're pissed off we're not going to be sure why but we want our country back and we're a bunch of muslima fundamentalist in the as a hobby idea the idea and they were talking about the that's where the end of the show and I have no idea why they felt compelled to do this but is it possible that this is going to happen here in america and these so called terrorism experts and i've seen both of these guys i'm a lot of shows since 9-11 and well i could happen here but we certainly hope that it doesn't happen here and those shootings in schools i'm thinking uh he'd you guys all both got Alzheimer's and also Deborah you got the suffer from group Alzheimer's i guess they forgot about column buying they forgot about all the other school shootings that we've had right i guess uh you know with those kids in colabino when they were terrorists say they were to write religion no i'm frankly they were good Christians right and the kids were terrorized by them at all oh not in non-belieast but that's why they were all running for their lives not having them with the deaths and local is a city don't forget the domestic terrorism unless you want to come oh we don't have that in fact and how come we never heard anymore about cherry nickels and is trip to the Philippines and he's involvement with alchider that would have been to find that out and also never heard about the first world trade center bombing but we don't want to talk about that either the world got its first let's see this is what really gets me about you maniacs in the media the the hysteria over the last several days with a hurricane is just a microcosm of the sickness the mental illness of the media and the way that they spawn it and spread it and perpetuate it you're a bunch of sick bastards okay you're a bunch of grave robbers your loom things which is one of the big reasons that pushes even still ahead in the polls the world got its first look inside the horrifying terror attack on a Russian school with a really sister and I'm sure many of you have seen it several times not heard man this hour the really sister of a video showing scores of terrifying kids towering in the sweltering gym as mashed attackers walk around with bombs and guns in the infuriating video apparently taken by the hostage takers on the first day of the siege children and adults are seen crammed out of the floor of a basketball court and then of course we see the one scene where there's plenty of blood on the floor and all this glory etc now why did they show this because they can because they got it have an hour we said that right that if they have anything these grave robbing bastards on tv especially the talking head and that works they will show these things over and over and over and over and what they do is they desensitize the public to the point that no matter what happens how glory how grotesque how inhumane how subhuman it is it's like how do you that's to man what's next what's for supper right right I mean are you here anybody even talking about the thing in Russia no that really in relationship to what the significance of what it really is it can matter fact I can remember back right after column by and after a couple days went by nobody was talking much about that either it was no big shock those units to ban what was wrong with those kids wonder what got them all pissed off and fired up Merlin that's remember it was very nice that's right I forgot about that was on a Merlin mansion records well can I just like that up a little bit before we dive in a lot of really great phone calls and see how the pole is going to go in a whole bunch because we got a whole tree speed always left that was pretty good and the reason I say that is because tomorrow we get like a bonus not you know after you be in a sick couple days if they have no power we don't want to overdo it right tomorrow we got a 1230 the Marlin pre-game show what was that back though sick of he tried to seek one of those units and it's the worst man what a kid or you know always got a retro master when you're for you 1230 got the Marlin's on deck to match at the Marlin's at 105 tomorrow don't forget their game tonight that's not shop-liver but I'm just talking about the scheduled a month we got a short short amount in fact tomorrow might be that day that I was dreaming of yeah never in my wildest dreams that I envision that maybe it'll be a day that's stern goes till about 11 maybe 11 15 and we're on till 1230 oh I can say that is a right man we're getting short change you know it it's a time field of change right now and then on Friday we really get short change because the Marlin's type of cubs at Chicago in a double header but of course that being in the midwest and hour behind on central time it don't start the first game until 220 our time so the pre-game is 145 but you know what we'll take it eggs exactly I can say to better myself we'll take it 145 on Friday nice short concise shows just getting the phone calls in there to like make it really like your friend Ron was on yesterday hi hi he was on and of course we're going to take care of him this month I think on the anniversary of nine eleven will be a good time to take care of family business to the kids my drift no what he talks about okay let's see how this pull is going and I don't know this is not an easy one you know it I can't even pick one here you know what we're going to do I voted for the pole thing new pole show bush with justice you said that I had put my little thing right in that hole because uh the hurricanes at temporary problem yeah well but I mean again we're asking of the past week we're talking about temporarily 94 votes on here already might have a couple of people listen now but for a king Francis 40 that makes sense to me I mean it's on our minds it's on our behind it's all over the place it's uh the twig yeah the twigs and the twigs and the our limbs oh boy it's still all around a lot of people without power and we are we we will share your anger with that peanut okay yeah we're just a thousand you are right hurricane Francis 40 the slaughter of hundreds in Russia 28 new full show bush with a big lead 19 the dolphins to see a fever is starting quarter back five and no princess heart surgery we only two only uh tiny pair oh my god kids you're going crazy but a mighty molten power Rangers movie starring the hippian warriors who use their incredible more things skills to fight for justice but again taking it's too violent for your kids now is an alternative a new movie about power angels who use peaceful means to solve their problems how well why the losers don't make doubt that chemical for the river don't worry little boy he'll pay to the sea of the sea of the poor you I'm a power Ranger wow are you gonna use your incredible morphing power stop him no violent action against my religion I'm a member of the Church of Latter Day Saints was I you are mighty morphing power Ranger no I'm a mighty Mormon power Ranger play you many days for people to and so he will ha ha judgment day I mean you're not gonna do anything well I'm going to do something cool what I'm going to solve like city and take another wife what's the sin can cost for this a mighty Mormon power Rangers there's not much we can do about I've been with they do know daddy has no personally mighty Mormon have to do it they don't even know why don't we quick pick it on them Mormon's they rest really all they got a good sense of humor love it over to a five sixty double two I'm no we don't that's why they don't listen to us anymore and I wanted to start say about how many games the tomorrow yeah the one you back to but it is you're just off your feet today man I have that idea the cubo in intensive propaganda they make it was feeling like what it was it was all that cuba talk yeah all that the shrimp washing that don't forget to wash your shrimp before you put it in your mouth I should cargo the cubs are seventy four sixty one other we want to get the baseball intensive because every year all care but he was in seventy five and sixty three is a half game back to giants have came back the marlins are nine games over seventy one sixty two they're how did that he pistol and the pod raise are I have to get behind them so you got a hell of a five team race so naturally wild card and let's see marlins have played three 133 which means they've got twenty nine games to go right how do you like that man huh pretty much on top of it or what anyway speaking that a robber who used the rusty pitch for a stick up a bank got away if this is an eakin self-care line okay is that what they had that son achy bricky heart is that were he wrote that black can't stand them cut for people a robber who used the rusty pitch for the stip of a bag got away and so far finding him has been looking like looking for a needle in a he stacks is the eight people they got a sense of humor the man wearing sunglasses and a mask and a security federal bank to his morning and threatened employees with the four foot long pitch for the man took an understose to my money the robber dropped a farm tool as he ran from the bank for a little area to a golf course behind the bank police said maybe had a t-time bloodhounds track to robber to a fast food restaurant parking lot were police said the man got into a white van driven by a woman no customers were injured were in the bank during the old up nobody was injured thank the lord thank god 5 670 560 pound 560 and the revised marvelous and singular wireless line that line nine is your disfavorite I want me to take that right now I can't see it if it's in Reagan so WQAM hello we got it we'll get to them just relax okay just calm down okay put your goods back in your pants and just relax don't be late it's Lionel Tade we got the story we got a whole pile of good stuff here today and the good news is we got three hours how will it all from top to bottom okay okay carry actually made a good speech in Cincinnati this morning was losing his voice a little bit but he found his message it's better to lose your voice and find your message than lose both right right and he's finally finding the message hopefully not too late now that he's taken a lot of heat from all the democrats and everybody else that's praying like hell we don't have another four years of bozo to clown of the super dufus in here I mean the idea that any of you no or no really seriously stop and think about it the idea that anybody out there is that moronic that idiotic that naive that stupid that desperate that idiotic I'll say it again that they would vote for this clown is incompetent this uh lunatic to be a president they for another four years and think we can survive that you and he help lock him in a broom closet with miscomalamus nor cross until a small until a member turned is what I say you turn WQA in hello yes sir we made it man I bet WQA in hello by the way you can't put your neighbor in and out there's another remember we heard that yeah Jeff high the fat one has a neighbor who remember the day he said that hateful evil facts in fact it was the last time I was in town it was a few months ago right I'm never listening to you again about that he wants to what was the message he wants to a me too we wants to come in a studio with some crap like that you don't want to mention a treatment on you oh and guess what they've slated our good close personal former friend and former one whether a traffic guy right political see how they go to you got the incanny mirror race hey Dave you're a good guy you have good intentions you you know you want all the best but that give it up already quit don't be a professional candidate like Elizabeth Ruben there's nothing worse than people who can keep running for our like Ralph made it as a classic example for you a poor a perennial potential candidate always on a ballot always get like a small a smattering a vote from their relatives and friends and neighbors etc and that's about it and just just to make enough damage to a mess up the goods WQA in hello yes sir I agree with you said about anything WQA in hello yes sir no guys no guys no guys no guys WQA in hello is obviously that the your Hurricane and Tremendous impact on these folks who are you hello yes sir I'm on FK and I'll just a little bit go ahead take all the time you want okay my even a week like FK and I'll align well my power without 36 hours before the storm has not the sense and it's telling us that it's gonna be till the end of next week and what happened with the army of people that were on the Florida Georgia border they kept telling us and they literally updated it and they said there was actually a few crews in Atlanta I'm sure man and no forget it when I had the gut that late while their man said it had a lot out by verdam and I noticed here in it was called beach it powers out everywhere except city so John Edwards is right there is two Americas amen thank you yes and don't forget your fan asked governor is the enterprise okay he's gone yeah remember him on there talking about the fee they brought in 4300 FEMA people because A they didn't want to do cover big on their face like Hurricane Charlie and have two few people on hand and B it was politically a speeding to bring in all those FEMA people to make it look like they really cared about people in South Florida which of course they don't even your fan asked governor which really wants to present begin and then in 2018 want to two terms for jab if you can handle that I don't think I could handle that what is this oh somebody again is gonna all been out of shape because the QAM schedule once again this is parents although curses running around handed out pay tax and pay stops he's handed out studs to me doctor yet clearance Friday's payday for me this just mentioned what do we got on here how it's during show 6 to 10 a.m. or so it says the new robber show 10 a.m. to 2 to 6 a.m. or so and it's your hand over show well yeah it's still there and in fact this is closest we've come to have a real schedule on there what does it say what a joke why see why you know you're working that today no no I didn't know yeah says how it's during show on tomorrow George Rodriguez at 10 right hand doggy toot hand gold Brigadier for his huh for on the day not now but does have the marbles at the next which is a little bit backwards but nevertheless they can close to have a few things right let's see how many mistakes if we found already not to make a balancing over this thing man this is obviously just QM website which Josh is very pleased to announce that he has nothing to do with any more I hope I'm sorry what QM website he heard no seriously he still has something to do with that piece of crap I do not know thanks a word for that is it's not bad enough that you're doing out all misinformation about the cut to score and how many games the marbles are behind that's not bad enough next thing you'll be seeing the j fever is going to be the often starting quarterback on Sunday and people be laughing and the rest of you know it's true that to me is so just unbelievable so on the leave of unspeakable patriots and I hope they plan a marnight start to see them through dinner come on you can get that one right Josh no I'm not a patriot's family I don't know if you're department how do you have to be I know that my any is for the dolphins are playing tennis on Sunday and I'm not a Titan fan okay okay well how can it all in the I can make papers between the Titans when your friend that often's on Sunday I didn't say the Titans yeah you said the dolphins are playing and I said the Titan I got to say them who they're playing I know that and I'm out of dolphin fans so just because you're not a patriot fan if you're a real football fan if you're a real man like me you know who's playing that game tomorrow night oh hell the huh even George knows it huh right say he knows what it's all might just don't want to tell you I've heard the past five minutes I think it's Indianapolis myself I think it's the cool said I could be wrong about that but I'm pretty dang sure they open the season against the cold tomorrow yeah I'm the right about that yeah how do you like that okay I'm the only non-sports show on a radio station we actually have a little bit of information there we actually know who's playing whom and I saw the they had a preview of the local paper this morning for the NFL season and man Tom Brady still looks pretty good to me I just mentioned that just to piss off all the homophobic stuff here he still looks really good to me and most of you liars out there you've phony balloon is you give your left testicle to look like that okay guaranteed five six seven oh here to show you speaking of balls what great segue Neil thank you wish likely to ball out of one debate I don't want to say that he's a coward but you know what he's a freaking coward and he was dumb as he is you be a coward too and viser site's concert over possible time eating participants see this is one that they can't stack the deck they can't load up on the side who's gonna ask the questions and times the question they had a time they don't like that just like it's phony press conferences of which he has very few where they like pick out and got everybody lined up in order who's gonna ask what in that said right president Bush may skip one of these three debates that have been proposed by the commission on presidential debates and accepted by John Kerry Republican officials said yesterday the officials said Bush's negotiating team tends to resist the middle debate which is a was to be on October 8th in a town meeting format in the crucial state of misery the Bush Taney campaign and out that it's debate negotiation team will be led by James Baker the TURN you too also happens to be the attorney for the Saudi World Family and those lawsuits by the 911 of victim families James Baker the TURN of a secretary said under president George W. Bush Baker headed the Bush campaigns Florida recount response that phony balloony deal in 2000 and currently is the president's personal envoy on Iraqi debt resolution who's gonna put how much money and whose pocket is what that means. Baker negotiated debates in 1980, 84, 88, 92 as chief of staff to Bush's father 92 he took her conscious stance with a view that a sitting president has little to gain in much the losing debates according to accounts at the time and of course you know remember the Monday Bay where Bush senior was looking at his watch right I don't think that that had a really great impact that could be wrong about that Bush age refused to discuss their opening position officials from any of the issue said he plans to accept a commission's first debate which is to focus on domestic policy in the third one which is to focus on foreign policy the audience for the second debate to be a Washington University in St. Louis was to be picked by the gallop organization the commission said participate to be undecided voters from the same Louis area a presidential and now he'll send this alright a presidential adviser said campaign officials were concerned that people could poses on the side of him when they actually are part of the who who what a concept it's a 12 minutes after 11 at five sixty wqm if you're fat and especially after her a few imagine how many pounds were getting in every household over the weekend but if you're on the actions the south beats the sugarbusters any low carb sugar free died which is most of you five folks and we invite you to shop at a really great store detail lights of us book for years your license help thousands of low carb diet is achieved the way lost goals and now the lights of us book is celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts of up to 50 percent off on low carb products like carbolite pure delight carpsence and more and is the anniversary super special you can save half off all of that can food brands and supplements to and don't forget their great selection of low carb bakery items like cheesecakes, bread rolls and even brownies and anything of the story you can try before you buy it a staff and the life knows a low carb batting inside and not the lights open every day of your life till 10 and don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all actin's carbolite pure delight products to the lights of us book will absolutely positively not be underserved you find the lights on and with these corner of blazing for 41 right next to Boston Market or call them toll free at 1-877 low carb LOW WCARB runawayblocarb.com this is it the lights of us book is your official actin's retail center fire to a boy with a light and fire fire to the chief center then yours fire the chief center then your review power and the chief center then yours why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why a lamp burn for'er Why you get elected it Oh like about your best eye thought book is in where it rest why why why why why my why not with uroou I think that's a very lost life, my religion's better than yours. I believe in better than yours, we believe in mine, we believe in better than yours. We don't want to lose, okay? For mine, let's let things over, okay? I believe in better than yours. Oh, look at my opinion, by the 60 WDQ, I'm starting to think here. I don't want to get paranoid or anything like that, and we could pay the same regardless, but I'm just wondering. Yeah, about this whole thing coming on at any given time, like from 10 to 20 until 1045, to 11 o'clock, 11 15, 11 18, 11 19 30. I just wonder because it reminds me of what happened when I stuck in Charlotte at 9 o'clock in the morning, remember? Yeah, and I expected all of a sudden everybody listened to morning shows to like, all of remember we're 10 o'clock. Oh, now we're going to turn over and change it up. And also same thing when people find something else who are not Howard Sternlister's, I think we'll have to do that pull again tomorrow along those lines. Catch my grip. Yes, I do. Because how do those people know? They got like a resin and psychic that calls them and tells them, oh, no, no, no, it's okay. I can turn over because whatever, you know what I'm saying? Right. I thought I want to sound paranoid or anything like that. I'm just beginning to wonder. And anyway, Lionel Tader is just a violate in terms of how to rest. I'd want guys all whipped up into a frenzy. Take an ad for a little Lionel, you know? You never saw a freight train that we'd know of. Do you ever have a Lionel train set? Not a fact note. Why not? Friends, I was probably out of Cuban thing. I was a poble. Seven months after Lionel Tader walked out of prison with a second chance of life. The 17 year old was arrested last night. A few days after he was covered a knife, the BS said. Tader's back behind bars in the Brewer County, Joe, the winning court appearance of a judge finds that he committed a substantive violation in terms of his house arrest. He could again face up to life in prison. The teen gained international attention when he was charged with first-degree murder in the beating death of a six year old Tiffany Unic. In July 1999, his tempered park home, Tate was 12 years old at the time. It became the youngest person modern U.S. history and he sentenced the life in a prison. But after an appeals court throughout his conviction, he was allowed to plead guilty to second-degree murder and a deal that put him on a house arrest for a year, followed by 10 years of probation. He had already served three years in a juvenile facility. The state was released from prison in January had successfully completed just over half of the house arrest. Rourer chairs said that if he's arrested Tate around 6pm, Tuesday at his homes, folks in the engine lay it all said, Tate said they sought Tate and another youth around 23am on Friday. As they were walking in the 3700 block of Southwest 52nd Avenue in Pember Park, two blocks from the home Tate chairs with his mother-aith F.H. P. Trooper, the deputy stopped the boys asked them what they were doing. The teens, sweating and tempting said they'd been chasing girls. The no females were seen in the area, they also identified himself as Leon Taylor. I remember him used to play for the Redskins. Remember him? No. The boys considered to be in the F.H.P.D. Stounder fooling pocket knife for the 4 inch blade on Tate. It all said that Tate was also carrying an ID card that listed his real name. Probably that's a one to be Leon Taylor, you know? Right, is there loggets that? Oh wait, just like there's a deputy who ran hurricane, who needed not immediately arrested, but first discussed the matter with Tate's community control officers in city, violet in terms of his house arrest. Police on house arrest are allowed to leave their homes only for specific prearrates events such as attending school, religious services or medical appointments. Tate was with his cousin, self-regnure, 18, a four-laternial, and deputy stopped him. The year was arrested last month on auto theft charge. Wow, what a fine of standing family, you know? It's starting to sound like a boys family. Maybe the governor can get him off, huh? He's got a lot of problems with that family. How's what's your name doing the daughter? What does that know? No, no, no, no, no. I mean, no well. That was there. I wonder if she's Kim D'Pit Roselle, no, is there? Yeah, she might be. Anyway, the governor's got a few problems. The fan asked Governor, and then he wants to be our president, too, as so we can really get that, you know, the Nick Pack that P-Mac thing going. Because he's one of the headhons who was nettle, a bunch of Nazi things. Here's what we got on the pull so far, which event of the past week was the most significant to you, 237 votes? Hurricane Francis 101, the slaughter of hundreds in Russia, 63, new pull show bush with a big lead, 507. Not good. The dolphins, 50, fever, starting quarterback, 11. Great, if you don't like the dolphins. And Bill Clinton's heart surgery only five. Care that he's still alive. Five, I don't know. Maybe it's just like I said, become so commonplace. Or maybe they just don't care about him. It's not that we don't care. It's just not a big deal. But you're missing one of the big important parts about that is the fact that he had that surgery means that he's going to be laid up for four to six weeks or more. And he could have been out there just kicking some serious ass, which carry badly needs of this time. Don't you see the significance of this? Yeah, I think the Bush people did it. I think they forced that him a whole bunch of him. Have you do the cheeseburgers? Like extra cheese and a lot of fries, shirts, mayonnaise. How do you know? Bill shakes. Right. That sounds really good. A chopper shake from a steak and salted. Five, six, seven. We'd like to hear from people that they're listening on their battery powered radios. They don't have their power. If they want to rip that piano and ass, they want to lament their fate. So we can sympathize with them and say, gee, that's really a shame. Isn't it? It is five, six, seven, five, 60. Count five, 60, I'll leave her wise and wireless and singular wireless lines. How about a QA in, hello? Good morning, y'all. Yes, sir. Good morning to you. So what's incredible about people starting? What does that mean? Well, you said it was incredible. I said it was on the label. That's nice. That's nice. Yeah. I just wanted the message of any active quarterback. He sucks. Pardon me? I said he thinks. Five, six, seven, five, 60. I mean, you're biggest one. You see, even come up with all kinds of numbers. Okay, but let's take a look. It did often to make the play on us today. I mean, I don't want to go rehash it. We're not doing a sports or call up the mad dog at your clock. Okay, go ahead. Call up on Mohour David. Or hey, or hey, could be every shows up. Come on, call up Mohour. He likes to kiss. Oh, don't go. Because he's E.J. on the cheeks. Call him up. Pills us to come for him. Well, I kind of talk about J.F. We're okay. WQA and hello. QA. QA, yes, sir. Yeah, I'm out of power. You're down in Miami Beach. One of three houses in my whole neighborhood. Really familiar. You ought to get an extension for a man. Yeah. There you go. You know the direction where people do a man. I have an extension course for somebody else. Yeah. Of course it's a little dangerous when a rain's good luck. Your pali will pray for you. I like some candles. No, I'm serious about that. There are people. I don't know how you do that. How you shield it from the rain. Well, I guess you know, you plug the the court itself can get wet as long as none of the things that's plugged into get wet. Right. So if I could, I must be one mother of a long extension course. Would you just talk about one of them? Right. I must have about how many feet. About third man. On that baby, about three hundred feet. But there were people doing that, which was a very nice. I thought a very nice gen. Children's house. I'll think. Huh? Don't you wish you had nice neighbors like that. That would be a shame. I don't know if my neighbor had any electricity either. Yeah. Of course it was your old neighbor. Yeah. He's dead now. Is he really? Yeah. Oh, right. Now I wonder what's in good knew. He pulled it across me. Yeah. Like my mother. I told her I said, be nice to Jordan. Yeah. He now again. She was kind of like a female Greg Rehunter. They all get cancer. 26. And did you say Greg Rehunter's a cancer or radio station? George, you said a terrible thing about Greg Rehunter. That's almost as bad as what Josh said last week about duck. 26. Past 11 at five 60 WQM. Bright concepts has helped your carpets be clean and healthy for over 25 years in town. I've been using for over 20 years myself. They stand ready to help you return your house to normal if you sustain water damage from hurricane Francis. Bright concepts is made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services. Help us come in from several northern states with an abundance of equipment to help with the restoration process. If you need help first try the main number, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. If you can't get to an main number, call them at 9-5-4-2-1-4-69-24-4-9-5-4-4-4-9-276-4-9-5-4-2-1-4-69-23. Again, if you got water damage from hurricane Francis and believe me, you've got plenty of company out there. Bright concepts is on call and we need to help restore your home back to its normal state. Get everything brand new looking in SPIFI again. Call that main number, toll free, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Bell. Oh, what the heck did you call him? He had another one related to him. I would have been in his home and didn't see him. He's the one in my aspirations. I don't even know how you're up children. Mirabah, hello. I want your take on JPB. Oh, JPB, is a great court if I can a good two. I like JPB very much. Well, not the money he's got extraordinarily smooth detox. Oh yeah! He's going to be difficult to say here. Oh, get the tanker, Mom. Oh, no, wait a minute. Oh, go. But I have nothing else to say. Oh, but this, how's the way the down there in Mirabah? I'm the right-hander street, Samuel. Oh, yeah. I have to go. Oh, I know. Oh, wait. Oh, no, no, no. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you open up right now. I'll give you one of my old, the tanketion. I'll stop. Wait. That's not way true. That's what the only call that we have. The thing that you know is growing again. The door is going to be closed. My door is going to be closed. The door is going to be closed. The door is going to be closed. That door is going to be closed. That door is going to be closed. I'm in old and I can't stand. And around those old people, you walk out. I don't want to be in you, go. I'll give you one of the heroes to be. I'll roll back up here, silly and easy. You're talking to me, son. Wait, you're fighting, fighting, fighting. I don't blow. You want to stop this thing. Almost every day I pay. And my things really start at the table. My I've annoyed and enjoyed all those stories. Yeah, I've pulled up all of the pack. That my coat on the bed will fly. The man I know is not spilling. The cripple bang. I'm going to be fighting back to all of this thing. And I'm trying to stand out this way. I know that I'm sleeping. I'll pull the bag. I'll pull the bag out. I'll pull the bag out. I'll pull the bag out. I'll pull the bag out. I'll pull the bag out. I'll pull the bag out. 25th of June, at 5.60WQMC. I'm all ice-jafee. Look at his head so far. I'm too exhausted. I might have to have an excavation in it. I don't know. Maybe that's why they're here feast disappeared into. And they're tough to that. And these scum sent us when he says, understanding to your first region in anger to day as nearly a million people in South Florida does for another hot human day with that electricity and the aftermath of hurricane phrases. I love to clock in and when it won't happen to be a hurricane information. What happened to the hurricane information? I don't know. Right? And that chronic eye that has, I maybe got offended by the fact that I had already seen it on the internet. But I mean, a secret of a past that long. Because I'm sure that Noah has got an 11 o'clock advisory on hurricane Ivan. Because we wanted to perform like a little pubic service, which is unusual for QAM. You're not community-minded station. But it would be nice to be able to pass along some information. Let me take a look on the Noah. What is it ever pops up on here? Man, are they slow? What's going on over here? Okay. I crank it up. Dangerous hurricane. How did for the central 11 AM advisory? I'm going to read it right off the thing. Okay. You ready? Can you hand it? Ready? We're ready. Back there. It says, it says, hurricane warning remains an effect for a rubah, bonnier and criss-out. Hurricane wanted and troubles to remind an effect for the Guah Guahira peninsula of Colombia. And for the entire northern coast of Venezuela. I'd love it. Maybe it'll blow some of them good drugs up in town. We're going to read 11 o'clock this morning. The government of Haiti is issued a hurricane watch for the entire southwest peninsula of Haiti from the border of La Repubica de Minicana westward, the including Port Alprens. Oh, no. I bet you're going to loosen up some of them baseballs. A tropical storm watch remains an effect for the southwestern coast of the La Repubica de Minicana from central to mingo westward to Pettanales. Interest in central and western Caribbean Sea should closely monitor the progress of the dangerous Hurricane Ivan. It's dangerous. I love it. The clock this morning. The I of Ivan was located near Latitude 12.7 northe, lunged to 66.2 west, or about 145 miles. East northeast of Bonneir and about 795 miles. East southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, Mont. How do you like that? Ivan is moving toward the west north west, oh, oh. Yeah. Got that? West northwest. No more direct west. Oh, oh man. Moving toward the west north west at 60 miles an hour, this most is expected to continue during the next 24 hours on this track. The center of Ivan should move north of Aruba, Bonneir and Courtsau later today. However, any deviation to the left of the forecast track could bring the center close to those islands. In other words, right smack dab. Ivan is an extremely dangerous category for Hurricane and these Jefferson's in the hurricane scale. Max said it's a category for like I said. Max and the sustain ones, they're 140 miles an hour with higher gusts. Some fluctuation intensity is expected in the next two hours. Hurricane force winds, except I would up to 70 miles. Capital force storm winds, extend outward up to 160 miles. Estimated minimum central pressure is 955 milibars 955. Yadiyadiyadiyadiyo goes on. And now what I got to do is click on the other thing on here. Are you watching on your little radio screen? Okay, look at it. Works as maps in charts for all you old farts. Okay, let me take a look and see what they're doing on the three day. The three day is still up there toward the ass and the west end of the tip of Cuba. And then the five day forecast track, it don't look all that different to me. I'm going to enlarge it and take a closer peek. Now, I can make it big. And it's good. I write up in our way to minute. Sunday morning, the western tip of Cuba. Okay, it ends Sunday morning. There's a two way. I can't read it right on the air. You can't tell me. Anyway, early Sunday morning, it's Sunday, it's Sunday, Wednesday, and then, by early Monday morning of next week, it's moved to the north west again. And it's off, I can't even figure out how many miles. Okay, I wouldn't want to say, maybe 100 miles. West of, what's the, oh no, not again. I would say, punk, a quarter. I would say that though, okay, because they didn't have enough crap. I would say more like sorry soda. Yeah, they're listening to you anyway. No, I'm just telling you right now, there are people out there who might be planning on going or I can't imagine why we're going to get ready for the dirt nap or something. I don't know. But I'm just telling you where they're shows. This is, again, that's five days off. So it's very inaccurate and could change it in a moment. And I'm sure if you watch your local weather, prognosticators in the history of specialists, they'll have it come right in your living room by other weekend. Sure. You can see the watchers' face. We're talking about that. We're talking about the movie. So, we're talking about the movie. She's why we're doing the show. We're going to the right now. We're going to the right now. We're going to the right now. We're going to the right now. Now, we're going to the final goal. Robert Bush and Bonnie Bells and I will overwrite the bow. Get back into the TV line. She's a very cool criminal cloud. Robert Bush and Bonnie Bells and I. She'shaled the city for the proud May. She rides them for playe this Saturday, She goes to class room 310 and also,狂虎 sentenced to hopefully be not even half. Blot style to the united countries. Oh, we have this, this is really timely. Join George, Book of Rine and Miguel, Miguel who doesn't know if they stuck it up as the anced. Today, for a happy hour from 5 to 7 in Treasure Island, they'll keep it off the palm net or just throw it to the 122nd Street exit. Stopped with great specials. You can win some of our embarrassing QM prizes and maybe get lucky over there too. I think Book of Rine is going to be joining us. We don't know if he was blown away by the hurricane yet. I have nothing to say about that child at the moment. Okay, I love him dearly, but screw him. And also look at a QM fan right now. If he shall stay at the Northeast corner of University in Howard Boulevard, stopped and pick up tickets to the Knights Marlins Medskin. This is the important thing, not that we don't want you to have a good crowd of Treasure Island. This is more important, eh? Look for the QM fan right now with the Shell Station. If maybe if Miguel is in it, you can bring him a map of Cuba. And you can hold it up the window. It's a skill band's human, so he'll let just land. Look for the band right after Shell Station on the Northeast Tour of University in Howard Boulevard. I know exactly where that is right by the old veterinarian, so I used to take my dogs, but I didn't like them. Stopped and pick up tickets to the Knights Marlins Medskin. Tonight's Van Halen concert at the Office Depot Center, or movie passes to watch Mr. 3000, your choice. So in other words, if you'll stop by, then we got tickets to the baseball game, or the Knights Van Halen concert at the Office Depot Center, or movie passes to watch Mr. 3000, your choice. That's pretty good deal, isn't it? Plus? For us. That's pretty heavy duty for our generous crowd here. Oh, wait 10 years, this story. Deputies didn't have to go far to find this marijuana. It was growing one outside their green bay was cousin headquarters. How do you like that? A rat. That was green bay's up. Tell the Instaion WLU KTV report yesterday that it received the tip and word of the Brown County Sheriff's Department about the pot in a planter. On the south side of the courthouse. Keep deputy John Gossage, where didn't sure the plan side of the knee, but a drug officer confirmed the presence of marriage or weenie. How do you like that? Well, my God. Obviously, as a prank, somebody tied to this or dropped some seeds into the planst gossage said, see that guy that called me yesterday and was ragging on me for looking for seeds? Yeah. We got a lot of CD basters in it, though. Look at the rug officer and pulled the six small fence, which would be destroyed. Of course, it's a good thing it was brought to our attention because someone may have realized what it was and could have taken it and used it, Gossage said, oh, I wonder if he's kid the goose gossip, do you think? Because he said, you can't pass up a group. How embarrassing and humiliating and degrading? Oh, look at that. So my knee dolphins, if I had a replacement for retired running back wiki Williams. I don't mean I play in the football. The dolphins acquired running back Lamar Gordon from the same Lewis Rams on Wednesday. Today said Neil Schwartz, Gordon's agent. Oh, Neil Schwartz. Was that Schwartz? Gordon was the third swing back in St. Louis, behind Marshall Falk and first round picked Stephen Jackson, but he certainly will move up the depth chart, because they got no big and carried a ball. The dolphins have started to be like, oh, John and Coach Dave wants that this week. And above a bat, Sammy Morris, Mercury Morris, Sammy Smith, all these people. So that's it. Dolphins got Lamar Gordon, aren't you excited about that? Oh, you dolphins out there. They all fans are wonderful. They know that they're going to suck in one of the things. I'm glad that they're, you know, we signed it right off the bat, right? Yeah. Yeah, what you said. Oh, seriously, I was supposed to get in your hopes up for a big season. You know, it's always awesome. We're talking super bold at Tony, so he's only Tony Siggaretto. He's always on there. We're talking super bold. Yeah. Pop this Tony, Jack, and see a silly person or one. So they came back to the story about the four bastards out there. And again, we sympathized with you. We were waiting for a few, and I'll find a good old-fashioned people in, like they promised to do. The outages were especially hard on the elderly and firm, some trapping condominiums without elevator service, and too many stairs to climb. A number of nursing homes assisted living centers, group homes. We had hospitals and dials as centers, remained without power, prompt a confusion over how they could not be given top priority. How do you like that? Even young, healthy people who inpatient unsure why they were still waiting in the dark when they could see lights on across the street. Get along, extension for you, idiots. And Palm Beach, kind of not far from where the storm reached the coast Saturday. Politicians accused F.P. and I'll have not said enough workers to be paralyzed as soon as possible. I'd be like that. I'm so willing to record. Why have they moved significant numbers of crews from Miami, date up here to man to US representative. Pop, actually, they're going to crack on Boko who doesn't take any crap. At an afternoon news conference, F.P. Objective is defended the companies. The response saying 11,000, repairing support crews are working statewide, but other and other 1000 expected today. About half the crews are from other states, including Pennsylvania, Illinois and Texas, some kind of voice to repair trucks headed to South Florida from the Georgia border were held up by heavy traffic on the interstate, complicated and recovered prices company official B.S. F.P. and how expect to be store service to all customers in Broward County and Miami date by midnight Friday. And will then shift workers there to Palm Beach County and Points North? Let me say it again. And since with day say, how can that kind of call for Miami Beach City wasn't going to get in the next week? Because that's what they said. To hurt me, F.P. else says the expected resource service to all customers in Broward and date by midnight Friday. We're working as hard as humanly possible to get everybody's power back F.P. Elderman Lou Haye said, this is a massive restoration effort. Every single county we do business in has been affected and spent a slow down a bit. Because of 9 o'clock last night, 454,100 F.P. else customers about 9,8,000 to 100 people were still without power and software. But this is down from 6,766,000 or some 1.35 minute people Monday night. Got it? Got it. They don't have their written right. In Palm Beach County, February 17, 2006, Edwards subscribers had no power outages, followed by Broward with 78,800 and date with 19,700 and if I keep reading these numbers wrong, it will grow crazy. Despite the companies' assurances that it was doing all it could people were running out of patience. Wait here near this. If this was New York, then had it fixed in no time, Groward's Rupalinated Ben Bullasky 80. Oh, a Grower County sunrise late, condo community. They're not going to put up with this crap in sunrise late. So I'll tell you that right now. Oh, we're building was still in darkness. We did this after the Sturgeoning Landfall. F.P. else refusal to send workers to repair down tower lines and wins a 35,000 hour over recent days seemed cowardly to Bullasky. They're chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken, he said. How do you like that? Wow, they're chicken, shmen. Michael and Anazio Delray, B.T. were a two did it if the others unaware that there was no power at Manor Care Health Services, a bokeh skill nursing me have it all time with care center. And as Anazio visited an elderly neighbor at the center found a building stifling hot and patients struggling to keep cool. They were even shoving ice in their bags. I can understand there are a lot of things needed need to be done. He said that they're hooking up home depone hardware stores in the rest of these people leave ass assistance. By days and that center thanks God was brought back online. And it goes on. Very sad. Like you said, look out there and you said the trees haven't been trimmed properly. You got all these big ass trees in the lines. You just like dangling and wind there. And all these flimsy crappy lines from the local medicine was a baby before Ben at the home. I go fly a kite. See that's the problem. Not what they're doing now but what they haven't done up until now. There you go. Doesn't take a genius to figure it out if we can figure it out. I mean they had to weather long before we had people in Florida or electricity. Right. What a concept. But it's flimsy and it's shabby and it's shoddy and it's you know. I like that 300 pound traffic light that fell down to here about that. No. Well, one will be porters was they were showing a traffic light in some intersection. And they said this is a big one. It's the 300 pounder. You ever see a traffic signal at ways 300? Yeah. I don't really have it to have to do one to be done. I don't know. I think it was NBC 6 now. Craig was in the studio. I think he was throwing a shot. How many can we have? Hello. Yeah. We just got the old clear here and took down a hurricane board. I crawled down to the corner, said go. And I'm happy to report. They got slim gym. Cheese was and they're pumpin' f'l. And don't forget to pick a baby. All right. Yeah. Yeah. The thing about hurricane food for three days. Yeah. It'll really bind you up. Oh not me. Oh my. I cannot get into too much detail. Yeah. I know exactly the opposite of it. I spent the entire day's all whole up in there. If I can say that. I'm eating and eliminating. I see how clinical I put that. Just eaten and ate rid of it. I'm one of those. Captain, pretty busy. I'll say to that. I did a lot of eating. Oh boy. That's it. I see. Yeah. Double your way. Hello. No wonder Greg says you're full of an answer. Super. I think this quarterback should move out the way. And then we play some 2B. Yeah. That's something. Okay. What could you afford for him? 560, 5060 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines got that. Line 9's added again. WQAM. And you're a F.O. And that was weak. Very weak. Let's talk the last part. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I have a question. Josie has he classed yet or not? Okay. We're still checking out. Are we got Bill Kamala? Looking for him. That's bad. Very bad. Check it out. Are good for him. Josie's a guy. Okay. We nearly got killed during Hurricane Andrew performing live saving and worked on him. And people are making fun of him because he's helicopter crash. Airplane. Slow. Slow plane. Whatever to hello. He's a thing. Crashed. Crouched. Was it a crop test? Probably dropping like chemicals. Some of those awful agents. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Just because of the fact that you was a no personality and got like a penis face. Oh, sorry. Well, that was pretty clinical. Wasn't it? I thought that was clinical. I don't want to get the. I'm not going to. I'll tell you right now. I am not talking to nothing clearance anymore. I won't deal with them. Okay. Even if they get me to talk to you. They can come in here and hyperventilate with it. Did you see that day? Were you the older that day? Yeah. When it came after the show, if you could have heard that conversation, that was so talk about chicken chicken chicken chicken. That was so weak man. That was so lame. Oh, but it would be better to go for a. You talk about two guys who are busy covering up each other's ass. I can't say it with what? You guys better grow a Lisa tiny pair of ball bearings. And by the way, don't forget to Friday's payday clearance. Do something useful for a change. And quick call on me here. I can't stand you. WQA. Hello. WQA. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm back of the old power. Oh, yeah. But you are, okay. Probably you haven't got a prayer or be it on the show. Sweetheart. WQA. Hey, Neil. Say it along to the cover. I'll hurricane out. But once station would you work for? What does that mean? So that said, what's there? They allow her. Me, they're, how the hell am I qualified to her cover to her king? Sure. You can't. We should. You can do it too. You can't drink. But okay. Vanessa, good point. I'm going on 10 with my girlfriend, Don. No. I'd be like that. Lisa got a little bit of credit. I'm going to say that. Back home, tough. Oh, and I'm glad he mentioned it because I found out only this morning because nobody bothers tell me the same thing because the idea is keep Neil in the dark as much as possible. Nobody bothered telling me, but George actually came in on Friday. I think I'll save it for the top of the hour because I want to enlighten the audience since we always give them some of the insight information about the embarrassing that goes on in our radio station about the call I had from Death Lindsay on Friday morning. And evidently when I said, I don't think that's really a good idea. And I don't want to be good on any bad information. And all of a sudden, I guess that must be when you got your phone quality to think, what's the best of it? What's on if you get yours? Around 10, something like that? I got my shortly after, yeah. There you go. Because let's face it. Both of us are highly qualified to be on their passing line. How many people do you think we're listening on Friday morning of this radio station? Not third man. You are listening to Neil Rajasay's musical. I'm a fan of you. I am from Indiana. Russian lately. And I like scrubbing my smoothie girl in the house with so thin from jewels. And listening to the Neil, okay. I'm gonna use the hour. Take my ass off. I'm dying on the hair. I'm going to the door. I'm going to the night, if party, they used to call it the GOP. And I strongly agree with pregnant college. These children won't become improving. So I went to the night, if party, convention held in the entire state. We're dying on the head and thank the Saudis. Get their hands as you. And dance on the great. I'm leaving. I'm called now. The bush got trinished with. You see you. Baby, baby, what did you? Can't think for yourself. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? The food of the world of young fire. The entertainment that does not see party. Was appropriate to Christian and white. There was native youth and clear channel The proofly greenwood and two big green cheese keys. I'm watching. All right now. And then culture is real. If you don't believe, you should be only one that you should die to the hotel. I'm dying on the head. I'm on. Follow two of five 60 WQM happy Wednesday too. It just relax. Okay. Things are going to get a lot better. Aren't they? Yeah. If you say so. Or not. 211 votes on the pool, which you've been to the past week was the most significant to you. Without an easy pool, I'll take it right now. Perking Francis, 165, the slaughter of hundreds in Russia, including over 200 little children. 98. New pool show Bushwood of Big League 92. That often states that J.P. are starting quarterback only 17. I don't care what anybody says. He is marginal and best. I think that quality for I think that was a do thing. Yeah. Both sentence, heart surgery, nine. Only nine out of our vast audience. I'm really a fraud or vote sur. All I can say about poor Bubba. I guess he's doing okay. They don't care. He's doing okay. Now, getting back to Friday. So I get this Friday. Well, not Friday, but this is a funny, but only call. So obviously, we know who put the stuff up to it. Okay, because there's no way in the world that he makes that decision. You know who put them up to it? Break. Yeah. That calls me. Oh, well, I think maybe it was made a premature decision. The other day, meaning that I'm Thursday when we decided that nobody was coming in on Friday morning because of the weather was pretty pretty nasty. And her king was going to be blowing up. And we didn't want to get people stuck there in that horrible building. That even on a good sunny day is dangerous to be in. And so they decided nobody works tomorrow has some board up coming. And we'll throw on Channel 10 audio and pass along some good information, which is by far the most useful thing that this day she can do since do we have a news department? A news wire. A weather wire. A map. A compass. Nothing. We have a window in the studio. Oh, look outside and see what's going on. No. We'll do a opportunity. Right. So anyway, they call me and thus as well. You think, oh, maybe you want to come in. I'll run the board. We'll have a lot of fun. No, he did not say that. He did. He volunteered to come in and run the board. If I would come in and do whatever was left in the show. I guess maybe 11 or two. Yeah. Now, on a one hand, I was really Johnson to be on here because I wanted to rip an ass. I wanted to rip Norcross and Kamala and most of these guys. The major ass that they deserve for getting everybody whipped up into us. I caught it, frenzy and forget them all around there by up the plywood and standing on line and the humidity and the heat and just go in crazy. But we did about three seconds. I came to my senses and I said to myself, what can I possibly put on the year? It's going to be productive. I can go on here and give maybe what's going to be misinformation, which is just my opinion, which I can do that afterwards, which I did on Tuesday yesterday. Why do I want to do that now? And beyond. You're screaming and yelling and then find out the damn thing you're going to come right at us. I mean, I don't want to be irresponsible, which of course, our radio station doesn't care about that. So I said no. No thanks. Then, unbeknownst to yours, truly, George gets a call a short time later from Clarence Dero, our program director, because between the two of them it's always this dog and pony show. And now it's a one and two, you know. And you get a call saying what? Saying this channel 10 thing is pondressing the hurricane is slowing down. It looks like it's not going to be here a while. And would you mind very much coming in and fill in a couple of hours from noon to two, just do something that isn't channel 10, but pop it on if they look like they're going to say anything. And, you know, we're going to have some other people on in the afternoon, and other, you know, other spackle besides just you. So we had some other spackle on on Friday. Curtis was on to, to whatever. And why sports talk, oh, is what he did. Come on, is what I heard on the way home. Well, the community is getting ready to band down the hatchage for a what could have been a major disaster, and we're talking about sports. We will watch a channel 10. Okay, somebody should come on like Daniel. Yeah. What about those people that the bad way operated radio's out there who may be already lost, power couldn't be watched in channel 10. I guess they could listen to FM, like a real radio station. You know, kids country did a phenomenal job. I listen to them a lot. Good for them. Nice going. I guess, we kissed this. Good going. They did the kind of information thing that we did at IOD. We have because they probably have some people to work over there that know something about anything beside the sports. This story is got to be the most, if this doesn't frost your ass. But I guess it won't because nothing does. Nothing. I haven't seen hardly anything about it in the media all day. Vice President Dick Cheney, yesterday, warned Americans about voting for democratic senator John Kerry saying that if the nation makes the wrong choice on election day, if faces the threat of another terrorist attack. Oh my God. Well, because this is doing a good job of eliminating it. If that isn't the most outrageous, the most unacceptable piece of his stereotyping and pandering I have ever heard in my life, I can't even begin to imagine what it would be. It wasn't bad enough, would be really a hortencing with Michael DuCoccus. That wasn't bad enough. That DuCoccus was going to let all the murderers out of jail and yad yad it. That wasn't bad enough. That Bush won ran on and won in 88. Oh. But now here comes chaining after they'd be sworech Kerry's war record, these two draft dodging losers. Now he comes up with his crap that if they vote for Kerry, we're going to have another terrorist attack. The Kerry Edwards campaign immediately rejected those comments as scare tactics that crossed the line, what an understanding that is. It is absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, meaning eight weeks from yesterday and over the second, we make the right choice because if we make the wrong choice, then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit away that'll be devastating from the standpoint of the United States. Katie told him about 350 supporters at a town hall meeting in Demo and Iowa. If Kerry were elected, Cheney said the nation was falling back in way 3, 9, 11, mindset that terrorists attacks our criminal acts that require a reactive approach. Instead he said Bush is offensive approach, worse to root out terrorists pretty offensive to me. root out terrorists where they plan and train and pressure countries that harbor terrorists. Well, I saw the Arabian. We're doing a really good job with them. That's why they were able to predict 9, 11 in the first place. Cheney, yes, we're interesting to me, okay. If they would have had the biggest terrorist attack in the history of the District of the country on our soil, then maybe they ought to be talking about something. But in the meantime, they're the ones that were in power. Cheney pointed out that Afghanistan is a success story. Oh yeah, after Bob Graham could talk from the bottom and pursuing terrorists. Although the 9, 11, mastermind Osama, your mama, reigns at large. In Iraq, the B.P. said the U.S. had taken out a leader who was weapons of mass destruction against his own people and harbored other terrorists, Saddam Hussein is in jail today, which is exactly where he belongs to. And he said, you know what? I know if it's so made for him. It's been a big cheney. I don't feel right. By the way, you see, they canceled those Taliban contracts. I mentioned that. Yeah, they were, they had that. That was embarrassing, I guess. And they're actually putting out, putting them out for business now, those 13 billion dollars would have done. We still don't know if you know. Nobody over there knows where the hell Burton people are because there is no we have, but they're not rebuilding the country because it's too dangerous. Even though mission has been accomplished. Did you talk about the $1.8 billion that they can't account for? Like, yes. Oh, yeah, then we had that on long time ago. They mentioned it again. Well, I was one point eight billion among friends, among thieves, among great robbers. Nick Christophe writes in New York Times today, there are a couple of stories about our A-wall president. And then the thing with Bob Graham, two-bed Bob Graham is such a kind of like Yahoo, you know, a good guy. A lot of Bob Graham. That's a plus in some places. Yeah, but he's just a little bit too much. He kind of like walking a lot and you know, a little bit too he, he, he, he played. I mean, when he started talking about the hurricane over the weekend, I got a little bit of a little bit kind of, he kind of left me a little limp. The hurricane. Okay, so I'll get it. I want to read the Nick Christophe because I got some big times stories. They say a couple hours to do something here today. How do you like that? Because we're really being short-chains. Let me tell you. I got work it on tomorrow's poll. I don't know how to really say these. You know, because I know we've done these before. I don't want to overdo the Howard Stern poll. This isn't really specifically in Howard Stern because now that we've got this 85th lineup, I know we're another one. What's your take on the current QM lineup? What is it? Yeah. In fact, you know what? I'm asking that question today. What the hell is it? It's a similar season. Really, Roger. It's a similar season. It's a similar season. A day and a day. Yeah. I'm George Bush. I'm a bunch of tinlands, so then you can't. But what we need now now you said you. So that's if you need to find my new fate. And send your mind to it first. You'll push the truth to stay with John Kerry. It's up to you, your fate. It's over, it's questions. Up the national star that might leave your rep. Do you hate your story? Oh, oh, oh, oh. If you say you're not a W.O.L. And you can put your name on a page. W.O.L. Oh. What a funny thing to do with Joey Kim point. Where you burn and find me as John. You party then you win. A W.O.L. The daddy of the way. W.O.L. Oh, we got him. Jib, you don't become the mean. Where the story and then to real. You might burn back over a real. Don't forget, Dan Rather, interview. and rather interviews, so the 10-a-government of Ben Barge of Texas is going to tell the light on the information about the worldwide TV. I'll post some screen tickets to watch my surduored WWE into the actual God's. The Black Dodge is that he is. By the way, thank you, right? And we got some great extra fun on our website, and yourwriters.com, which you've listened to, I'll figure for him. The Van Hale and tickets are going. Oh, but what about tomorrow on tickets? They still have those. And what about the MSG-3000 tickets? Huh? Movie passes. Oh, I guess they have those too. I see. And again, the QM fan right now is waiting on you. Let's wrap this thing up because I know a lot of, in fact, maybe even get some gas there, too. Because I'm assuming that we're going to gas stations where they would be actually had gas. I would think by now that most gas stations have got gas, right? Or their customers do anyway. Yes. Huh? Yeah. I know I got some still from all that food, right? Over the week. I was on empty yard Thursday. And just, yeah, but with all that business. The inbound, lots like you weren't probably on playing a gas. Look for the QM fan. Oh, and speak of that. Oh, I'll get to that for a moment. Second. I wasn't here. What they was in. Oh, it was yesterday because you were out sick and Josh, of course, he and Miguel were trying to convince Clarence to get that a lot of there. And so they got the sterncio on it. Now, I have no idea how the duff mice or the dump button theory is doing it. But there are periods of that show when he is blowing fart sounds. I mean, it sounds like a Mexican fiesta. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like we should have happened to me after that tackle bill with all those extra refried beans. I mean, unbelievable. Although I do like those camp van camps, pork and beans. I was every 10 year. Yeah. Yeah. They're awful. But it's one of those things. And anyway, and I just don't even know how to help. That show on our station must sound like Swiss cheese. Do you want to talk about it? Yeah, we're not. Because it's a constant stream. In other words, I don't know. It sounds great. It sounds great. It's wonderful. I agree with that. Everybody should listen to the Howard Stern show here morning. So I'm going to give you a much more promoting it all. I didn't see any promotion while I was there. I didn't see any Howard Stern billboards. I didn't see any ads in newspaper. I didn't see anything on TV. I've been Brian or Cross and Bill come all hyper ventilating and boosting each other. I didn't see anything worthwhile about our station. And of course, a little Tommy Jica, speaking of A-wall, where is that little ball to geek? He finally answered Timber one. He's finally a few go on here. Web site on the Sun Assembly. I've got one column, which again is a puff piece about TV. Tom Jica has written anything about local radio and TV and how many months now? I've turned him in. Man, all the heavy-duty stuff that's going on is post-race track buddy Hank is suspended and permanent vacation and got on those what get in screwed over? Is he writing about that? No, the Stern thing? No, about any of this stuff. Nothing. Now, I think it went thing. When you're following over the edge of the cliff and you're waiting for somebody to show you our rope, don't wait for Tom Jica to do it. The way for some little shrimp boat like him, some little... See, boat. Like Maddie Bell or Tom Jica. Look for the QM van right now to Sheldon station north east corner of the University of the Environment Boulevard, stop by to pick up tickets to nice Marlins' Mets game. Pan-Hail and tickets are gone. Or movie passes to watch Mr. 3000 Euro choices, it's a good way that Marlins' game, which is so damn important, man. So they're playing a girl's team that loses every game. That's good. If you're a real fan, which I'm not, I don't care, but I'd like to see him do well. Especially because of the hang situation. As if that has anything to do with it. Oh, don't go there. Okay. The Marlins' Mets game or Mr. 3000 movie passes. What is that, Mr. 3000? Mr. 3000? That's a baseball movie with very Mac. Oh, yeah. Growing Mac. That's not that previous. Is he kind of chilling Mac? Speaking of a Farts, he invented chili-dunk. Oh boy. I do still like hamburger health. I haven't had any ears, I know I just, I just, it makes me feel better to talk about it. It makes me fantasize that I'm making it. They're a futic. You don't what else I really like? And I have made it, and we can't talk about that either. No, no, seriously. No, I've had that. No, no, I'm talking about craft macaroni and cheese. I have a lot. Any other bread of macaroni and cheese? No, craft macaroni and cheese. No, the other bread. The, a big apartment, you know, a crack? Yeah, macaroni and cheese. You start in the sunlight quite a lot of the amount. I hate craft. Do you really? I do. I don't like the craft people in general because they're using their products to everything. Okay. But I'm going, forget about that. Will you set a year's such a damn hard-ish man? Yes. Ah, try. I mean, on the one hand, you could say, well, here's the guy that's really got principles, but there's another thing, you're like the pet of people. Peter people. There's the socks. Who craft? Yeah. Oh, you're not in craft macaroni and cheese, man. You're wrong. You are way off facing. You're in Joshua. Oh, he would be in this old taste like they'll beat a bit. What else does it make so well, Peter? Craft? Yeah. So craft macaroni and teal, you know what? We really be good. Is to melt some to slice up to Melvita and melt it on like macaroni? Oh, man, it sounds good. I like that squeeze cheese. And anyway, what board makes it? I've heard it not to squeeze cheese because double comes out as a regular, you know, buttons. Sorry, Duff. You idiot. Nick Christophe writes in the Times, President Bush claims that in the fall of 1972, he fulfilled his international guard duties in a base in Alabama. But Bob Minse was there and he sure that Mr. Bush was not. Plenty of other officers said they also don't recall that Mr. Bush ever should have for girls of the base. What's stupid about Mr. Minse is that he remembers actively looking for Mr. Bush and guess what? He never found him. Mr. Minse says he had heard that Mr. Bush described as young Texas pilot with political influence and transferred to the base. He heard that Mr. Bush was also a bachelor. So he's looking forward to partying together. He's confident that you remember Mr. Bush had shown up. I'm sure I would have seen him as Mr. Minse said yesterday. It's a small unit. Oops. It's a small unit. And you couldn't go in and out or out without being seen. It was too close to space. There were only 25 to 30 pilots there. Not 30, man. Mr. Bush, are you an ambassador of son who would date a prison? It would have been especially memorable. I steer clear until now, Cis Christophe, about the half Mr. Bush evaded service and Vietnam because I thought other issues were important. But if Bush supported the taxi on Kerry for his conduct, every volunteer for dangerous duty in Vietnam, it's only fair to scrutinize Mr. Bush's behavior. It's not a pretty sight. Mr. Bush was safe from active duty and perhaps Vietnam only after the speaker of the Texas House intervened for him because of his family's influence. That's the same former speaker of the Texas House that's going to be on CBS tonight in the six minutes too. And it's on our website. We're going to have any million hits on our website right now. They ought to be checking out the thing up. But of course, they're not the busier looking in the pictures. Mr. Bush signed up in May 1968 for a six-year commitment justifying the $1 million investment in training him as a pilot. But after less than two years, Mr. Bush abruptly stopped flying, did not show up for his physical and acid transport Alabama. He never again saw a military plane. Mr. Bush insisted that after moving Alabama in 1972 he served out his obligation to dally air national guard base in Montgomery, although he says he doesn't remember what he did there. The only officer we calls Mr. Bush was produced by the White House. He remembers Mr. Bush vividly, but at times what even Mr. Bush acknowledges that he wasn't there. In contrast, Mr. Mr. Mince is a compelling witness. The scrubbing in himself is a very strong military man. He served in the military from 59 to 1984 as the commercial pilot he's now Democrat but was a Republican for most of his life. He is not a Bushator. When I asked him whether the National Guard controversy raises questions about Mr. Bush's credibility, Mr. Mince only said, that's up to the American people to decide. In his first interview with National News Organization, Mr. Mince recalled why he remembered Mr. Bush's a no-show. Young bachelor is repented as far as for that reason. I was looking for somebody to haul around with. Why speak out now, he said after a lot of soul searching, I just feel that's my duty to stand up and do the right thing. Fine. Another particularly credible witness is Leonard Walls, a retired Air Force girl who was in a full-time pilot instructor at the base, nor were I to know what he was driving day before. I was there pretty much every day. He said, adding, I never saw him and I was there continually from July 1972 to July 1974. Mr. Walls had described himself as non-political added, if he had been there more than once, I would have seen him. The sheer volume of missing documents and missing recollections strongly suggest to me that Mr. Bush blew off his guard obligations. It's not fair to say Mr. Bush deserted. My sense is that he likes some others at the time neglected his National Guard obligations and is a very minimum to avoid serious trouble. And with fine of it off by commanders are considered him a headache but felt a wasn't worth a hassle to punish him. The record clearly and convincingly proves he did not fulfill the obligations he incurred when he elisted the air in the National Guard, where it's dear, a leclerator, a retired Army curdle has made the most meticulous examination of scene of Mr. Bush's records. Mr. and also if you go online and see the story, he's posted the full 32-page amylization on the air website. Mr. Leclerator adds that Mr. Bush received unauthorized refragile impairments that breached National Guard rules according to the documents that the White House had self-released. Is this the Squall of Thomas DeVorge from the Commander-in-Chief? No, but it should be Squall of five to Bush campaign from sliding the military service of a rival who's still very shrapnel from Vietnam and his thigh. Right? Oh, it's a little bit. I just made that up. Somebody just did a piece you'd rather on. I'm just making a look at it. Somebody just piece on on. How's it? I understand. It's a state of far away. Ah, you're really. I think Josh Beckett would be interested in hearing about that. Here's the appell results so far. 450 votes. What about other past week has had the most significant steal? It's a toughy because this has been a heavy duty pressure week, you know? It's like we're all living in a gigantic pressure cooker. Speaking of craft macaroni and cheese with short tastes. How's the appell in them, by the way? We've never got any response. I had some very important questions for ourselves staff, such as they are today, and Troy straffered by Blue the Assignment. I think too much hanky, panky in that place is what's going on. Not in our real business, too much monkey business. I know I did not call first for that for the monkey. I'll let no other dimension it. 450 votes in the bottom end of the past week, most significant to you. Hurricane Francis 194. The slaughter of hundreds in Russia, 116. New poll show Bush would have been lead 104. The dolphins, 58 feet, are starting quarter back. Oh, 22. And Bill Clinton's hearts are doing only 14. And you want an OI-114, because the people of South Florida, especially the ones with electricity, they are all hard. They just don't give a flying crap. Here's a guy that was great. He was great. He wasn't good. He was great. I don't care how much due to the land he was doing. In fact, that's why the wind's got to respect him. At least he was getting some and being married to the ice princess he needed it. I wonder if we could have better taste. The nevertheless due to the. Comparative will be got now, man. It's like comparing water, cronthite, would let him art his. It's like comparing chat-huntly with Robert Greeper. You started to follow this pattern now. Let me confess, press board. Yeah, tell me, press this. And by the way, let me press your pants or I'm all be talking about. What the, what the, what the, what the, what the. Places past noon and finds to see the L.I. should play before the day is odd. And you're not reminding me at all. Very important to do this play that. If Alaska is found to have a large private. She will be disclosed, squallified from the competition and strips of her mental. If the ball just found to be only a hernia, a hernia, so remaining a powerhouse legend will only grow in the sports women. Wake lifted. Leave it to Gregory, baby. He is the radio genius. Places past noon and finds to see WDQM. If you have a business of your charge of ordering inches, you're going to have a normal carbon paper and supplies, then pick up that phone right now and call toll free. 1 800 287 92 12. That's the number four a laser recharge the total recharge cartridge specialists. They provide service support and maintenance for most Mason models of machines to make run just like brand new again. When you call 1 800 287 92 12, you'll save a ton of cash. I'm all your printing office equipment supplies. For those of you who haven't called, what you be waiting on when you call 1 800 287 92 12, you'll deal with just Bob who's been supplying businesses in South Florida with exactly what they need most cases with in 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges. As compared to depot pricing, like I always tell you all the cartridges they sell are re-manufactured not refilled. Any shrug can sell you cheap refill cartridge, but you only get what you pay for. Re-manufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go. Right now this number give me a call as soon as you can because they're going to save you a lot of cash, you can get a lot of free 500 800 287 92 12, a laser recharge is mighty proud of the individualized service offer you. I know questions asked satisfaction guarantee. So he need toner cartridges all these things just pick up that thing and call just Bob. And a laser recharge will take good carry a call 1 800 287 92 12 run a wicked web. It's a laser recharge.com 1 800 287 9 2 1 2. Here's the power structure we will launch the mortings in the next year. So we will somehow unlock some price 6 million. A quick and didn't need get his own TV talk show. What is the show? What's from chapter one? It's the built-in show with special gift. The offer outside to medium church rock and farmers figure about out the difference on your opposite. Now go now. Please welcome the Prince of Tunday from Master of Memories looking at crotch. Long man who knows Victoria's Blikreth. Good one time. Thank you for your much. Boy it was hotter than a chubby intern on the farm yesterday. Alright so my first guest is the leader of a PLL at his favorite group is ELO. Please welcome a sweet talk and man. Yasser airfatt everybody right here. So Yasser. Yes sir. Is there any way we can solve this whole thing? I don't even show sir. Let's say I send you over a couple of queens of kings. What do you mean I do not understand? Share you do body. Contact them out. Plosies. Coaches. Zipper monkeys. Well listen your tableclop and think about it. meantime Scoot over my next guest is here. Thanks little. Our next guest is the former political machine. He's got snow on the roof. 가서 we all are here We'll li you Sorry, sir. We're here next guest, okay? let me see how you feel. Come on come on A sinking of man. Even M Play his name. you know. Who's good? Well, we got now as a suffocating gagging. Oh, and I think you got Mr. Bigdoos. Unless Josh told you off the ear, he got his voter registration card. No, he didn't tell me. I like that. And that great news? You go. You just make sure to drag into the pools on November 2th, okay? I got a whole coffin load of me to, but to just drag them. I got even better news. My mother's voting again several times this year. Oh, about that. Absentee. Now, the Boston Gloves speaking of that story that article or a comma, we just read by Nick Christophe. I got a lot of stuff here between now and so far. See if people want to call and go, like that, do it to somebody else right now. We'll do it tomorrow. Bush fell short on duty at guard. It's a front page, expose, say, in the Boston Glove. Okay? And it's very long. I don't want to read the whole thing. Do I? It's on our website. Or we'll be tomorrow. And it's on the day. Maybe I'll read it. In February, when the White House made public hundreds of pages of President Bush's military records, what House officials repeatedly insisted that his records prove that Bush will fill his military commitment in the Texas International Guard during the war in Vietnam. But Bush fell well short of meeting his military obligation, a global examination of the records shows. Tly streaming his guard service personally enjoyed in May 68. And again, before he transferred out of his unit in mid-73, within Harvard Business School, Bush signed documents touching to me training commitments or face a punitive call-up to active duty. He did not meet the commitments or face the punishment the record show. In 1973, document has been overlooked in news media accounts, the 68 documents received scant notice. Until I 30. But 30, man! 1973, shortly before he moved from Houston to Cambridge, Bush signed documents that declared it as my responsibility to locate and be assigned to another reserve force as unit or mobilization augmentation position, if I failed it, so I'm subject to involuntary order to act of duty for up to 24 months. Under guard regulations, Bush had 60 days to locate a new unit. But Bush never signed up with a Boston area unit. In 1999, Bush spokesman Dan Bartlett told the Washington Post that Bush finished to six-year commitment at a Boston area Air Force Reserve unit after he left Houston. Not so Bartlett now conceives, I must have missed spokes. Bartlett was now the White House Communications Director, said the reason interview. I must have missed spokes. And running his guard service on May 27, 1968, Bush signed a statement of understanding pledging to achieve satisfactory participation that included attendance at 24 days, a venue of weekend duty, usually involving two weekend days each month and 15 days of annual active duty. I understand that I may be ordered to act of duty for per night received 24 months for unsatisfactory participation of statement reads. Yet Bush, a fighter interceptor pilot, performed no service for one six month period 1972, and for another period of nearly three months in 73, the record show. The re-examination of Bush's records by the globe along with interviews with military specialists who reviewed regulations from that era showed that Bush's attendance had required training bills, which was a real-sense regular, that a superior is could have discipline in more order-demtoactive duty in 72, 73, or 74, but they didn't do any of it. In fact, Bush has unit certified in May 73 that a service had been satisfactory to a four months after Bush's commanding office erote, that Bush had not been seen in his unit for the previous 12 months. Bartlett and the statement that the globe lies night side's dead questions about Bush's record. In the statement Bartlett asserted again that Bush would not have been utterly discharged if he hadn't met all his requirements, and a follow-up email Bartlett declared, and if he hadn't met his requirements at point two, they would have called him up for active duty for up to two years. Met assertion by the White House spokesman in Fiorates, retired Army Colonel Gerald A. Lekleider, one of the, out of a number of retired military officers who have studied Bush's records and old national guard regulations, and reached different conclusions. He broke his contract with U.S. government without any adverse consequences, and the Texas International Guard was complicit in law and misdeherp and mutlider setting in the U.S. today. He was a pilot, a cost of government a million dollars to trade him to fly, so he should have been held over an even higher standard. Even retired Lieutenant Colonel Albert C. Lloyd Jr., former Texas International Guard, first and L.C. who vouched for Bush to the White House's request in February agreed that Bush walked away from his obligation to join a reserve unit in the Boston area when he moved to Cambridge in September of 73. By not joining U.S., the Lloyd said in a new view last month, Bush took a chance that he could be called up for active duty, but the war was winding down, and he probably knew that the Air Force was done forcing the penalty. But Lloyd said that, singly out Bush for criticism is unfair, there were hundreds of guys like him who did the same thing he said. Lawrence J. Corb and Assistant Secretary Defense for Manpower Missouri Affairs and the Reagan administration said, after studying many of the documents that it is clear to him that Bush gained the system. And he agreed with Lloyd that Bush was not alone in doing so, if I cheated on my income tax and don't get caught, I'm still cheating on my income tax for upset. After his own review, Corb said Bush could have been ordered to active duty for missing more than 10% of his required drills in any given year, Bush recorded the records fell shy of that obligation to successive fiscal years. Corb said Bush also made a commitment to complete a 60-rubligation when he moved to Cambridge, a transfer to the guard often allowed to accommodate Gardsman who had to move elsewhere. He had a responsibility of five units in Boston and 10 drills said Corb, who was now affiliated with a liberal Washington think tank. I see no evidence of indication that documents that he was given permission to forward training before the end of his obligation, if he signed that document he should have fulfilled his obligation. The documents Bush signed only add to the evidence that the future president then the son of Houston's congressman received favorable treatment when he joined the guard after graduating from Yale in 1968. Ben Barnes, who was speaker of the Texas House of Representatives in 1968, has said in the position in 2000 that he placed a call to give you on Bush a coveted slot in the guard at the request of a Bush family friend. Like I said, you can see excerpts of the Bush ear thing. It's going to be on 60 minutes to a Dan Rathamade on our website, nilwardjews.com. Listen to what coveted a pew for men. Bush was given an automatic commission as a second lieutenant in dispatch to flight school in Georgia for 13 months. In June of 70, after five additional months, a specialized training in F1 or 2 fighter interceptor, Bush began which should have been a four-year assignment with 111 fighter interceptor squadron. In May of 72, Bush was given permission to move Alabama temporarily to work on a US Senate campaign with a provision that he'd do equivalent training with even in Montgomery. Bush's service records did not show him logging any service in Alabama until October of that year. And even that service is in doubt, since the World First reported Bush's body attendance record may of 2000, no one has come forward with any credible recollection of having witnessed Bush performing guard service in Alabama or after he returned to Houston in 1973. While Bush was in Alabama, he was moved from flight status for failing to take his annual flight physical in July 72. I may first 1973 Bush's superior officers wrote that they could not complete his annual performance review because he had not been observed at the Houston based during the prior 12 months. Although the records of Bush's service in 73 are contradictory, some of them suggest that he did a flurry of drills in 73 in Houston, a weekend in April in 38 days of training crammed in a may-June in July. But like likely, the retired Colonel concluded after reviewing National Guard regulations that Bush had not received credit or pay for many of those days either. The regulations like that are now the said required that any scheduled drills at Bush missed must be made up of either 15 or 30 days. But third man after they made the drill. Like Leicelider said the records push him to conclude that Bush had little interest in fulfilling his obligation, and his superior is preferred to look the other way. Others agree. It appears that no one wanted to hold him accountable, said retired major general Paul A. Weaver Jr. who retired in 2002 was the Pentagon's director of the Air National Guard. How do you like that? Are A-Wall president, baby? And that just goes for sure how far Carl Roeville go because he's actually what's said about it. Not Bush is not Chinese. It's the Carl Roe of my students are robbing maniac. And so far, doing a very effective job of it, by the way. You got to kind of tip your camp to him before you throw that him? Yeah. 20 till 1 at 5 60 WCM. Here's the schedule that we got so far. Okay, there may be some additional changes. So let's get pencil easy. Jim Manifet 2. Oh, right. I think that's solid. Rock solid. Okay. They don't come more solid than the man dog. More Howard David. There's a little on the Fushy side. Not quite so solid. Filion for the obese hangover. Good for the obese and yet missing in a thinnier hangover. 4 to 6 30. Marlon's on deck 6 30. 7 to 5 the Met set the Marlon's again. Another girl's team to play in deep crap out of him. And then any K after the baseball game. How about those tickets at the HL station? How the going good? Going good, going going going. Are they gone? I don't know. We'll find out. 19 till 1 at QM. This is one of those times many of you might need help fast. Thankfully, dialing at Chris the winner of this same day. They all cross out Florida. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll chew from the deepest and wider selection of betting. All available for same day delivery. Call 1 800 mattress right now for factory direct prices immediately. You pick the day in tapillary to fit your schedule. And dialing at Chris is on time 99.7% of the time. Now on at Chris ranked number one in customer satisfaction, it will winters at a 2004 better business bureau local for its excellence award. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll choose from the complete line of the top names in a business ceiling. Sir, to team coil Simmons, temperpink and even students of an analyst foster. All the smart folks are making a call 1 800 mattress. So if you've got an e-d today and maybe he had some damage from the hurricane over the weekend for a new betting or whatever the other reason. Don't put it off another day. Check them on the web at mattress.com. Good McCall right now. You can be sleeping on a great new bed as soon as tonight from dial a mattress 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT-T-R-E-S. And you're watching me. As usually, I'm by 608 in-game. Push a stage, push a stage, see how fast a day amends a band. Drop off the sentences when they go to become a married home. Will always discuss it unless you're at it. So well, because push a stage, please. What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments? A tribal sovereignty means that, sovereign. You're a, you've been given sovereignty and you're viewed as a sovereign entity. And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities. Oh yeah, come 46 at five, 60, WQM has been loaded on the ability to actually save the word there. I can't even understand it. I just can't say that. It's almost as good as a book I read for not quite. How is the pull coming here on Friday? Well, it's 113. Well, it's which event of the past week was the most significant to you. We had some heavy duty crap this past week, man. We had some big big crap going on. Perch game Francis 226. That was a polycrap. Let me say again, Ivan is going to look like Cuba. Part of we co. I'm sorry. I mean, Jamaica, sorry. All you're weakens Jamaica and in a Cuba. But after it kills Fidel, it's going to go off into golf and maybe, you know, maybe if you read next or maybe it'll take a left turn and get a few beeners. 513 votes per cane Francis 226. The slaughter of hundreds and rushes, second on 29, growth test unacceptable. New poll show bush with a huge big lead, 170 not huge. Now CNN's only got at seven points, time in his week 11. The dolphins picked a fever restarting quarterback and that's a pretty sorry situation, man. When that's what you got between touchy, feely and well 25. So then in Bill Pins, hard surgery, only 16 out of 550 votes. Only 16 say that was the big news of the week. Now, weren't you kind of like taking a back? I realize that those other things several of them overshadow I guess. Yeah. Were you taking a back when all of a sudden out of nowhere if we found out that this slim and trim and I want to say again, I know I said it yesterday, but maybe a few people got their power back today or somebody returned their stolen videos. But the fact that they're trying to pick on poor doctor Agustin and I don't like the guy and like his book, I got it the other room. I don't know. The soft beats guy to me is just a shameless rip off of Ankins. But there are a lot of people who swear by and are doing well on it. Who was in our place, we saw me that somebody was doing really well. Got that kid? No, I'm not a soft beats guy. Somebody. I don't know. But regardless, if regardless is somebody would say, the fact is that it just exists because six months to a year he was on his southeast side is why he had the quadruple bypass. I'll say it again, genetics, hurting of the arteries runs in his family. And number two, a lifetime of eating crap. His arteries didn't get oil clots on the last six months to a year because he was on any kind of diet. And they still got all that file footage of E. Mollos greasy cheeseburgers and all that other food, man, that sounds good, man. It'll kill you. And all the pans, if you've got good genes, baby, that's a different story. Some of us have really good genes. Some of us were good genes. Some of us have got good genes. That's a good full question. Would you rather be able to wear good genes or have good genes? Or maybe do sister gene? Oh, it's bigger that bit about Bush hate's case. The reason I played that gay activist in the GOP with Hold and Dorsman, those log cabin Republicans are putting their laws in another direction. Oh, boy. Actually, they're not pointing to many directions. That's what Stephen really said. The board of log cabin Republicans, a bunch of self-hating fans, if they were ever was one, the largest group for gay men and lesbians in the party, voted overwhelmingly last night against endorsing President Bush for re-election because of a support for a proposed constitutional amendment banning same sex marriage. I do like that. Oh, my God. The decision and six months of soul searching is the group which endorsed Mr. Bush in 2000 and all lymphed Bob Dole in 1996 wrestled with its divided royalties. They liked the way he gripped that penalty, I guess Bob Dole. Although the group was immediately critical when the President announced his support for the amendment in February, it's probably refrained from ruling out endorsement. It's effort to balance loyalty to the party without position to a major item on the Republican agenda as made the target of criticism from both supporters and opponents to the proposed amendment as delegates to the Republican nation to mention we're preparing to adopt a platform condemning gay parents, for example, a handful of gay rights activists were protesting outside of log cabin party August 29th and Brian Park in New York. In meeting last night of Washington, the groups board voted 22 to 2 to withhold its endorsement as spokesman said the client even made the holdouts. In a statement afterward, Patrick Derewery, a very arrow, executive director of log cabin Republican, said that they said, we're showing that more than a million gay men and lesbians voted for Mr. Bush in 2000 that included 45,000 in the pivotal state of Florida, which Mr. Bush allegedly carried by about 500 votes. Some of it uses to being this loyal Mr. Grary R. Whatever his name is, it was actually a White House who was this loyal to those gay voters he said. Representatives of the Bush campaign surprising we've not returned phone calls, seeking comment. I can't imagine why? Throw them. So how do you like that? So he's going to get a lot less fags and Florida going to be voting for Bush who voted for my last time and a lot less who we voted for my last time? A lot less of your people, right? Any less. I would say at least not third man. Right. He's a comedy, anyway. Right. Law and cabin proudly supported the president's firm leadership in the war on terror, Mr. Gerrier or said, we especially applaud a president's leadership in cutting texts from American families, small businesses, belief in free market principles, and his compassionate and historic leadership in the global fight against HIV Aids, right? You should live so long. The group also announced what it called football, by Senator John Kerry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what else is there? The law of cabin self-hating, my economist, baby. I want to be like that crap, my decontant would cheese. No, I think they like that cheese on it. In fact, I've ever been camped out anymore. Don't forget to cheese. No. Why not? No. Okay. I just decided. All right. In fact, we have a new motto on this radio station. Went into out. Went about. Okay. Just keep that in mind. I'm also the Eric and Volker Brian out there. Okay. Went into out with Bob. We get paid exactly the same. Whether we're really a spectacitor over the line, near the line. I say, take a look at the line and then the back up on, or the R.S. The best idea. Okay. But don't forget to cheese. Totally. Speak in a bad. Bob Graham's new book is out this week. What's in the name of that book? I just even say here with the name of the book is not that bad. Book of love? No. Seriously. I mean, this is in the Harold. Now, would they leave out the name of Bob Graham's book? That is so typical of the Harold man. Oh, and a here it is. I apologize to the Harold. Not intelligence matters. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, and we shouldn't be picking on Bush because he ain't got nothing to worry about, right? Right. No matter. Two of these September 11 hijackers had a support network in the US that included agents of the Saudi government and the Bush administration that we have blocked a congressional investigation in that relationship, Senator Bob Graham wrote in a book that released this week. It's called Intelligence Matters. We love Bob Graham with a without that hurricane. The discovery of the financial backing of the two hijackers would draw a direct line between the terrorist and the government of Saudi Arabia and trigger an attempted cover up by the Bush administration he'd afforded them a crowd wrote. And in Graham's book obtained by the Harold Saturday, he makes clear that some details of the financial support from Saudi Arabia were in the 27 pages of the congressional inquiries final report that were blocked from released by the administration despite the pleas of leaders of both parties in the house and Senate intelligence for me. I'm going to read that paragraph again more coherently. In Graham's book, Intelligence Matters obtained by the Harold Saturday, he makes clear that some details of that financial support from Saudi Arabia were in the 27 pages of the congressional inquiries final report that were blocked from released by the administration despite the pleas of leaders of both parties in the house and Senate intelligence committees. Graham also revealed that General Tommy Frank told him February 19, 2002, just four months after the invasion of Afghanistan. And many important resources, including the predator-droner, crap-crucial, disurched for Osama, Yamama, and Al-Qaeda leaders were being shifted to prepare for a war against Iraq. Graham recalled this conversation in Miguel Air Force based in Tampa with Franks then had a central command, who was looking troubled. Senator, we are not engaged in war in Afghanistan. Excuse me, I asked, military intelligence personnel being redeployed to prepare for an action in Iraq. Frank's continued. Graham concluded General Frank's mission, which as a good soldier he was lightly carrying out, was being downgraded from a war to a manhunt. Graham, who was chairman of the Senate intelligence committee from June 2001 to the build-up to the Iraq War, voted against the war resolution October 2002, because he saw Iraq as an diversion that would hinder the fight against al-Qaeda terrorism. I know he was- That's so low-microwebts. Graham oversaw the 9-loven investigation on Capitol Hill represented a port of Gauss, nominated last month to be the next CIA director, according to Graham, the FBI and the White House blocked efforts to investigate the extent of official Saudi connections to two hijackers. The Saudis, man, they are the Chigres in the Wood pile. Graham wrote that the staff of the Congressional inquiry concluded that two Saudis and the AGO area, Omar Al-Bayumi and Osama Basan, who gave significant financial support to two hijackers, were working for the Saudi government. Al-Bayumi received a monthly allowance from a contractor for Saudi-Ciddle Aviation Aged from $465 to $3700 in March 2000. After he helped Nawaf Al-Hazmi and Khalid Al-Mindar, two of the September-Livand hijackers, find departments in a contacts and San Diego just before they yet begin their pilot training. When the staff tried to conduct interviews in that investigation and with an FBI informant, Al-Bistatar Sheikh, no kin to shake your booty, he shook, who also helped the eventual hijackers, said it were blocked by the FBI administration Graham wrote. The administration's CIA also insisted that the B-Hit fails about the Saudi support network that benefited two hijackers be left out of the final Congressional report Graham complained. Bush had concluded that a nation's state that an A-Bid deterrent should not be held publicly to a counter-raim wrote, it was as if the president's loyalty lay more with Saudi Arabia than with the mayor of Saudi Arabia than with the mayor of Saudi Arabia, then with the mayor of Saudi Arabia cared more about banned our Bush that your asses out there. Saudi officials have most, simply denied any ties to the hijackers or al-Qaeda pilots to attempt the U.S. Graham out of the Saudi audio. On Iraq, Graham said the administration CIA consistently overplayed the estimates of sedan who seems threatened public statements in the classified reports while the secret reports contained warnings that the intelligence on weapons and mass destruction was not inclusive. It just goes on, get that to a go at and get to the intelligence matters. We're like I said this president don't have to worry about that. Bush had a word. Bush had a word. Bush had a word. Bush had a word. Bush had a word. Bush had a word. Bush had a word. Such a funny day, I think other quicker terrorists are himself on their side because they have high influence on Ukraine, but then Britain said immediately the government, not the government of the world is likely to dare, Now, what are you saying just before they abrake, they are you burning up, something the van is gone, they've given away all the goods in their guns. The goods are gone, and gone for good. But now that evil doers are coming in, what's that a goods are gone? Speaking of evil doers. Oh, no. Let me just grab one grab in this. So come grab this. Former President Jimmy Carter's accusing fellow George and Democrats, they'll Miller, what a lot of man, a man. You talk about Redneck, Yehoo, in-bread. That's he'll Miller. Anyway, Jimmy Carter's accusing Zellman, or unprecedented disloyal day for the senator's speech to do Republican convention. It let her send over the weekend, the Carter also called Miller's speech, Rabbit and Means Spirit, and he has rabbis. By now there are many of his loyal Democrats who feel uncomfortable in seeing that you've chosen the richer with the poor, unilateral preemptive or over-estrungation united with others for peace, lies in opposition over the truth, and the political technique of character assassination is a way to win elections, or to get garnered a few moments of applause. Carter's orifice declined a release to letter two, but Miller's office confirmed the contents. Miller responded to it, they by repeating his content made the convention speech last week that the security of his family outweighed any world of the party where he's going to lifetime. John F. Kennedy worried about the dangers of extreme party royalty, and once said, what sins have been committed in its name said Miller plans to return January's edemocrat. My first loyalty isn't always will be my family. Carter also defended himself against Miller's accusation to speak to Carter was a pacifist, Carter said he served in the Navy from 42 to 53, and his president's strength and nations military. This isn't the first time the two former governors of class in the Middle-Embarrassed and Key policy matters and became a right wing young who read neck nut. Last December, Carter said Miller had betrayed the principles he thought the two shared. Carter said former governor, Roy Barnes, the decision to a fundamental of the Senate was mistaken. December, Miller called Carter a friend of more than 40 years who would written him at least a dozen personal notes. Half of them give me health and the other half are bragging on me. He said, so I figure I'm going to face 25 on the heels. He's a third man. He's a Miller. You think he's hurt? I'm glad I didn't watch it though. You watch it? No. Of course not. Don't forget join George, Boca Brian, and Miguelito. Little Miguel who needs a little... In fact, bring him a map of Cuba tonight when he goes to Treasure Island, maybe even find some not about that island, if it's still there after this weekend. For happy hour five to seven of the Treasure Island, just off the pulmetto, just off the D-127 sweet exit. Stop by for drink specials in. Mr. Brady, crappy Q and prices, and maybe who knows good lucky? Maybe a little squeeze from Miguelito. Now we're going to take two calls this hour or what? Because I feel like I've got a whole bunch more very important stuff, but you know me. You order...no, order what? Take some calls? Yeah. Well, why is that? Well, they're always so good. Five, five, six, seven, five, six, eight. Town five, six, the only Verizon Wireless and singular wireless line. Maybe it was because you weren't here yesterday that we had all that technical problem. Maybe it's just like... I don't know. Everybody presenting. I'm including the equipment. WQ and, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Better than the Cell Miller's speech, what was more entertaining was the thing with him in Chris Matthews afterwards. Yeah. He basically challenged Chris Matthews to a duel because Matthews... Do you want to...do you really believe that John Kerry wants to fight the enemies with spits all? So he said he called basically called Chris Matthews and Hittie and he wants to come over there, wishing he was next to him so he can go back to the days of a duel. Well, beautiful. Physically, it's tax Matthews. Got a good one. I'm going to go a little more, huh? Oh, yeah. Thanks, sir. Thanks for having me with talent. See you at the border. Well, I'll tell ya. I will be in call on anybody, and he will be like Greg Reakong, somebody in any of it. WQ and, hello. Q and I am. How about the way Defoe Greg and I return your calls. WQ and, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'll speak. Thanks, Gary. For the fall. Thank you. Good one. I like that. That's her son. What's his beef? WQ and, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is a bell-comal driving school, is it? Yes, it is. And, by the way, I like that. Imposing. Don't be picking on Miss Kamal, okay? Just because she was in coherent and hyperventilating, getting everybody woke up, Governor Franel. Say it again. Put that child in the straight jacket. We have another hurricane. Any time straight? Jacket. And, a not so straight jacket. Put him in a broom closet. Maybe he'll find Brian Russell and around in there. Boy, he was just. I know that door cross went to pole. But then again, that's, you know, I think, give me. Because it's, it's fun to pick. And he deserved it. He, he earned a, you know, a lot of condemnation of ridges of hysterical behavior with the weekend. But Miss Kamal was in a, in a league of its own, man. Just drawn that thing back and drawn it back. And it, cone kept getting closer and closer. You had a feeling that that damn thing was going to be not going to end your door anytime. Oh, hi, I'm Francis, but I'm being, you know. But it's grace. But of course, it's channel 7. Nothing is ever discreet because that's, there's especially anyway hyperventilating getting a stereotypical. W.I. would be like I said before a total embarrassment forbidden conclusively that there is no news station in South Florida. See, they were really doing the right thing by some. I'm, I'm casting, I'm sure that was a great thing on Friday. Oh, we got to get some regular programming on. Nobody's going to be listening. You only people who would have been listening were people who were like, in their cars would not access to a TV. So who wanted to get some information or maybe people already had their power out. That's the public service we could provide as opposed to dragging your little ass in there and Kurdish anybody else to talk about just sportscraft. They just don't get it and keep in mind, my friends. This is the radio station that continued talking sports for an hour after the, the plane hit the second tower in 9.11. We had to do something for Bush to listen to. Yeah, he was busy reading that book. I've got to go. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Can I still say 2v30? WQA and hello. Not there. Oh, breeder. WQA and hello. Hello, can I speak to me please? Speaking please. Me or how is the humming on a minute. All right. But I got listening. You're talking about the people that, um, they were trained as a doctor so making a huge huge sacrifice going up to a new early to play and they ran on it for about an hour saying they were here because, you know, they were even the very same. Yeah. Also, um, anyone leave their families, man. They might use their families behind. I understand that the drugs, the drug mongers, they were, you know, they were going crazy about it. Yeah. I don't care. I don't care. If you saw the news coverage, they had a little girl. She must have been a piece four years old and they were asking her. How should I know about the hurricane? How are you? Experience. And this is a reporter asking a four year old. And to my degree, she said that, um, you know, she's okay, but she's worried about Ivan. That makes you know how much. Sorry, I know you. That's right. That's right. How? He's probably emotionally scarred for life now because I do. I do. I do. Can you get out when? Oh, whatever. That's what it is. Alvin, yeah. The chin. The woman's a comment. She has to be ready. I'll be sure. I mean, that means come off as the tape. She's the winner. See you, pal. All right. 560560. 560. 560. 560. I mean, Verizon and Siggin are wireless lines. Man, you're right, man. There ain't nothing like these calls. They're the best. Even the bad ones are good. That's why there's so many good ones. How about you, QAM? Hello. Yes, man. What's up, hey? Are you going to go? I'm doing awesome. Can I call someone a douchebag? Not on this show, you can't. That's it. That's an insight. That's many bells, boyfriend. How long did we ever get any response from first record? About what? Screw and Winnick? A little bit tough code called. Instead, he's out there. He's just having some hurricane issues lately. So, you know, but he's out there listening. I love you, know that. Well, what does Sammy have in some hurricane issues? I don't understand. As far as why he's, you know, good absence. Yeah. Does that explain why he had the tapes spot on the show on yesterday? There, there's something going on in that place, man. I'm not going to worry about it in a certain amount of money, you know? I'm getting paid real good. And I'm not going to worry about it. Like somebody said, I don't want to say you. But somebody said to me, just a few days ago, if they don't hear what else it will be. Don't care for the day or the day or the most. It's the most f-dupped place I have ever seen. I'm not just saying that to be a... It just is. It just is. It's so funny. There is no real business of that radio station. It's just monkey business. God, when will it ever end? No, Greg, ever get a life, a clue? No, man. WQA and hello. And back at you. That was Greg. Can I can a show? WQA and hello. Oh, yes. I just wanted to take a camera. Go ahead. Oh, oh, I'm under the oven. It sounds just like you right now. Oh, okay, man. Yeah. He just wanted to say, you've got a good program. I think that, uh, how are the standards are, is a good addition. Uh, it's to the format. You guys were oversporecing it. And I'm sure you know that too, man. I know you're not a real big sports guy, but, uh, you know. And I like sports, but I'm out of zest with him. I'm not, uh, I don't drink it and read it and eat it and, you know. Yeah, absolutely. Man, the name where, you know, they would just have some issues over and over. But it is good now because they go over things that, uh, they be on the herd of, uh, hope everything is good. We should on the hurricane and you take care of that. Thanks a lot, Pal. You too. Now there is a kind of call. See, about once or twice a year we get one like that. I'll leave him one a few days ago. Wally. Yeah. Let's remember I said, there's a happy guy. Oh, that's right. We talked about he likes steering. He loves this show and he's real happy with a format. And it's got the same thing. So we'll take that pull tomorrow. And we'll find out this to who's happy and who's unhappy. I mean, I realize we keep, keep doing it. But it's, uh, it's because things are so chaotic. I'd give you a QM. We don't, we really don't even know who's going to be on half the time. I'm not making that up. People think, oh, yeah, you're just that kidnish nail. You're just, uh, endolishing it. No, I'm not. I only wish I could say I was worth. But it's just an amazing situation. We had that great spring waiting book. Everything we were kicking ass, man. We owned the world. We had the world by the balls. And now all of a sudden, somebody's squeezing it too hard. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? Because pretty some longer sound like that. Like that. It keeps squeezing any harder. How's Galady doing? You saw me every day or not? I did I sound like Monday. Do you come in and bond for a minute or two? No, he was scrambling, visually trying to find some information. Sports information. Oh yeah, I'm sending out of resume stuff like that. By the way, it's highly unlikely. I would say on a scale 45 billion, there's maybe one chance in, uh, 400 billion, there's going to be a hockey season. So you can take that world up a hockey or a cup of soup or whatever that thing is. And jam it, all you want to eat, y'all, or your man. You, any agents and very bitmen and Bob Goodnow and Goodnow and Goodnow and Goodnight, you know. No, any chill. Very sad situation. Like that little chat with my friend, the engineer that was here this morning to check out the equipment here. Yeah. Good, great guy, really competent, good guy, very happy, go lucky, phenygi. You know, the kind of people you find around here, and he was talking about the fact that he's, that there isn't going to be any hockey season. Can you imagine going and running in anybody down there who was saying, Oh, gee, what are we going to do? There's not going to be any hockey season. See, here we got our priorities straight, okay? Not much else, but we got our priorities straight. Right now, Armstrong Ford, a homster wants to clear their license off all remaining O4s. Here are some of the great deals waiting for you right now. And O4 F150 pickup just $1 over invoice. Ah, you owe for explorers just $1 over invoice. Rangers, context, choices and focuses all waiting for you, which is, you know, Dolate. What is that? Probably. Little peso, $1 over invoice only at Armstrong Ford or homster. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to its local customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong, you'll get to exclusive, tires and batteries for life program. That is absolutely correct. Tires and batteries for life. The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't just stop there because right now, you get a Fiefloor to some pass with any vehicle you buy. If you're pressed for time, Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable, especially now with all they have at this thing going on. So just give them a call at 305-247-5112 and Shaffard over the phone. Leave them deliver your new vehicle right to you to your home, your office, the massage parlor, wherever you're hanging it out. Armstrong Ford, homster, local owned an operator. They treat you to just like family. I guarantee you, I bet Greg's life on it won't get a better deal on her for anywhere in town. No bait and switch, no phony deals. Armstrong Ford of homesteading you'll find him at 307-25. South-Tixie Highway, just 20 and South of the 86. Check out the web ArmstrongCars.com and then travel a little and save a ton. I'm at New Ford only at Armstrong Ford of Homestead. You know what the season is, you'll rush it with your home. I'm at the New Ford's Highway, and I'm at the New Ford's Highway. I'm at the New Ford's Highway, and I'm at the New Ford's Highway. There's just one more thing I want to have on for you to be. There's just one that represents this broken. You're doing some bleed, huh? And everything that I need, just make me laugh at. To this beautiful stop on Stoke Hill, you're doing some bad bad. All you guys really can do is help me. I'm all the way to the door. I'm just gonna be where we are. I'm all the way to the door. I'm just gonna be where we are. I got a great start with you, Rich. Yeah? Yeah, I want you to listen very closely to this one. I'm just gonna tell you what's going on. John Robert Johnson, 54, invited his mother to his house to write out the storm police said. Okay. When he got there, he started to car in the garage, and both died later from Carbo and I said poisoning police said. A suicide letter was found inside Johnson's home detective Ray Schofy said. The content of the letter was not released, but she'll be said we don't believe the mom was a... We do believe that the mom was not a willing person. This is a bit of her dead, but interesting way to put it. The old Johnson and her son lived side by each and they 1700 block a pomellan dry. Investigators are looking at it like a safe haven offered she'll be said. It was written all the reason for it to be at the house. Regept is not a peer to be accidental police said. Maybe she's just breathing accidentally, but the good part of it is I guess she ain't gonna be doing it no more. Accidentally or on purpose. I like that. I just mentioned that in passing some of you think about it. I don't have a right. Well, I knew. Yeah. For the right price. 560 pound, 560 on the horizon, singular wireless lines. Let's get at least 40, 50, 60. Fuck, cut the animals. Johnson, between now and two, if like, don't forget the mad dog at two. Oh, right, it's down, I think you can put an ink. W-W-A-N-H-O-O. W-W-A-N-H-O. W-W-A-N-H-O. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. That was great, wasn't it? What was that? That was bad. I mean, no who, but what was that? That was God after God. Oh, God. W-W-A-N-H-O. 40, what's my face? W-W-A-N-H-O. Who? Yes, sir. W-A-N. This is it. That's the damn place. Speaking. Neil Hawaya. Great, how you doing? Good, I just kind of tell you about the little hurricane. We go to the cones. I'm up in Palm Beach County. And it's dead, huh? Oh, damn. So you're going to sit and tell me that, jail set news for W-W-A-N-H-O. Good thing they did tell people, because, you know, we should all have power We are, and it's almost ridiculous. It's a good thing they compared people. My name is nothing going on in my name, you would throw me, you guys get them. You miss it? Yeah. And it's pretty sad. Well, as you know, it's a responsible thing. Even though they knew it was going to be well north of Dave County and north of Most of Browdard's responsible to get people with them and to go to a frenzy and running out and buying plywood and water that's there that I'm not going to need. No, that's not how I understand. I think he can't have seven news. But where we are? It's a good thing. You know, here I'm hunting five months on our win come by my house. I'll be there long for six hours tonight. Was that too far? Good luck, you pal. Thanks. Okay. Keep it on me, stay on what I'm talking about. What are you talking about? Miss Kamal. They just don't get in. Let me say it again. National Hurricanes ended a very fine job for like two days before the thing actually made landfall. A predictor where it was going to go. And yes, it was wobbling and it's stalled and it did this. They could have put it on this and might have done it. But you know what it didn't. It's one thing to be prepared and say, okay, well, my just do this and and then you decide for yourself how much preparation you want to make. Depending on just what you perceive for yourself. You think it's going to happen. You go online. You do a little tracking. You go to get the tracking map. You listen to some of the people from the hurricane center that are. Hyperventilating and doing same by this dance and are getting everybody crazy. And then you decide what you think you're going to need. But getting everybody whipped up into an absolutely epic. Fransy that ain't my idea of being responsible. Okay. Now, this guy, he got the, he got the S. And you know, he got a big time. But didn't they predict it was going to come on shore between like up in the Fort Pierce, Viro, between their in Melbourne? Yeah, middle of the state. That's where it hit. And it came out, he came on the shore in, in Stewart and like right up there is where they we got hit with the S. In. Oh, it might come back down here and that was a lot of the, all the other crab. Yeah, we were very lucky. And of course, that brings to mind is they County is Viro County is Palm Beach County. Is anywhere in Florida really prepared for a category three, four or five hurricane. I would say the answer. Oh, no, we were barely prepared for a catch too. Yeah, not at all. No, no, seriously, can you imagine, I mean, it's a horrible thought. But can you even begin to imagine if hurricane Andrew, for example, would have been, say, Fifty miles north of where it hit in 92. You know, going to imagine it. No. The devastation, the death of the structure, they have it, it's just unthinkable. So we just sit around running, getting our ply. What it reminds me of comrades, you know, go ahead and get your viscween and your, or those old fifties, red-skir movies about dropping when a bomb of ground they're still kids just hide duck and cover duck and cover. I know the best duck and cover you. Man, Sun those dappy to me. Got that somewhere. I'm sure we do. WQA and hello. You'll get out to you. Good afternoon, Mr. Well, first of all, I'll just decide how these idiots stand line on the data storm coming to get plywood. There he is. Number two, Bill Kamal. I've got used to buy North Cross Rex or I can deal with him. But Bill Kamal, he's in a panic, he's freaking out, he's pretty his hand in the map. Yeah. And notice there's never any good news, no matter what the hurricane's going to, it's always, all other criminals, he's always potentially a bad man. It's unbelievable. I'm sorry, but they got you to people jerked up or get them crazy and it's wrong. And he should be firing, he could sit the weather van you, no, we're having a great day. Okay, thanks. Why you like the light van? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the town 5, 60 on the 80s, on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless on. See how easy this is to latch back in the van habits. Sure. Do you enjoy George Valka Brian and Little Miguel? I was going to say, well, how come all of a sudden you get Miguel? I guess I wrote it out there to be somebody to discover something. For happy hour delay, we did a 7th adventure island right off the Palm Met or just over to the 127th week. Do we have like any special slaughter today or anything? No, they're all special. All special slots. Join George and a gang for drink specials, run prizes, 5 to 7, this afternoon. And we'll free tickets by the way they're gone. How many QA and hello? Yes sir. Hey, how's it going? Great. Listen, I have the flu during the cold. It's not the thing. I'm so into like a, I go, you know, like a haze and I woke up. Yeah, the dude had the same, the same hurricane and was drying. I'm not the same with station. It was drying right now. Why not? Okay, channel 7. Okay. But it was about like 70 in the morning. I was, you know, I'll drugged up on a flu medication. This hurricane hadn't moved apparently in the last like 12 hours. Yeah. And he had lines trying straight toward Miami, like it was trying to order us. You know, I could do this. And they point those very dramatic lights, you know, line and we're planning on at the scene out there in North Bay, village because they got, you know, the bass and Mark behind her a studio of their tower there. And it keeps showing and it keeps sending the bimbos out there with the, with the Pancho Zahn and they're like hyperventilating and so the only thing that was windy there, big deal. It was a work. The worst was on channel 4. That's one guy who had his iris all open couldn't find it. Saying was all out of focus. Finally, he finds two cops in a surfer. The surfer tells, you know, it's life TV, right? He finally finds his focus in his iris. The surfer tells the two cops. The cops are telling him the sun's out, get out of the cops. Get totally faced by the surfer when he grabs his board into the ocean. And the camera believes. Yeah. And I'm like these two guys just like a cops have to sewed lives. And he finds a really good shot with this of a great story. Finally, any goes away and finds another word. He's a craft potion. Amazing coverage. Amazing. Amazing. Okay. Give that takes a normal medication. Okay. 27 after one. It's 560QA. You're the soon-set new man. You need a Roger this. Exclusive label. 560QA. We're moving. We raise the camera level high. And down we're free to go and decide. I'm worried. Not that I've been. This day I've paid a heavy chance. And I've been got to feed my friends. I'm worried. And not happy. I'm worried. I'm happy. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm happy. I like the doors and closed their trades. I bought a hundred rules of the tape. I'm worried. And I'm happy. If there changes one orange thread, I'll go and hide under my bed. I'll worry. I'm feeling my mama. I'm not happy. Look at me. I'm not happy. Woo! I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm happy. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm happy. What's her need to 20? It's too long. I can't tell you it's okay to do it. Don't get all panicky and then I'll show you a pan psychotic. I can understand people in Palm Beach because a lot of them got really hit hard. Although I've talked to people live in Boca. I mean, a lot of people in Palm Beach didn't get all that much. The farther north you live, the most part, they were the worst to hit you got. Right? Right? And we knew that. We knew there was a likelihood from northern Palm Beach up to a stewarden Melbourne in Fort Pierce in the World Beach at the point between. They were going to likely get hammered and they did. They got the hammer. That was funny. Here's a fast that says, gun makers are already marketing a salt weapon. It's 1994 ban on 19 types of a salt weapon, put them in a spire. September 13, we find days away. It says, I was going to call, but I'm standing in line with the Tammy and we gun shop. Don't want to miss Charlottes and Autograph in session. You sound up a bit. That's got to be one of the very best. I'm sure that everybody's got to have a favorite part of every movie, including Fernhight 9-11. That's got to be one of my, maybe the favorite. So many great ones. But the Charlottes and Heston deal. Yeah. Especially when he gets up and walks away. Wow. He waddles away. Soldiers. He shuffles. It shuffles. That's the word. Chuffles. Why don't we get the big shuffle board turn to make home this weekend at Cemetery Village. My jogging two weeks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, Verizon Wireless and singular wireless lines. Line 9, WCY and hello. My eyes. It's melting. Nothing. You know, you notice why I always say line 9 before I punch that up. I don't know if you do that. No, I don't. I just personally. Because it's always special. You know, it's such a thing. Yeah. We'll cut a ride that you get on the other lines once you wait. Line 9's always got a special thing to it. WCY and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yes. The weather is down here. It's kind of like the Howard Dean speech. Where it's going to take out the Bahamas. And then it's going to wipe out the Caribbean. And it's going to wipe out Cuba. And then it's going to go to South Florida. Can't I do one? Oh, come on. I'll build on. I'll take it then. There was Bill. Just relax. Now it was too much to be built. Russia wakes up to a nuclear threat. Well, since you're already playing at the that's screaming. As fears of a new terrorist attack, jolted Russia, president's Vladimir punting last week. Is you the first time ever order that should have been from page news everywhere. I wonder if he was Kim to Rashtutin? Especially here in the US for what? I don't remember you'd put it back in the bottle. I think I saw that when it's 7.11. Especially here in the US for it told us much about the security gap in America's home land security. It's a bit about Russia's, but no US newspaper or TV network put up the news anywhere where you'd see it. Billated news flash, Putin has just dispatched Russian military troops to guard all of his countries far flung, frighteningly under secured nuclear weapons facilities. Yes, the same facilities as government always insisted were perfectly secure. Putin was forced to drop his government's pretend in false front assurance because the latest checks in the interrusion in Russia, schoolhouse slaughter subway bombing to airline crashes, proved that terrorists were capable of buying or stealing Russia's vulnerable nuclear weapons and materials and launching a nuclear terror attack inside Russia. The gut check reality apparently demanded a new level of truth telling far beyond what was acceptable back when Russia's vulnerable news, we're seeing this just potential weapons for terrorist targeting Americans. Putin's order was powerful confirmation of what some of us have been warning for years. Russia's so-called loose news poses security threat for the entire planet. That warning has been said it for more than a decade by a few bold political leaders such as, for me, we're sending her salmon on and it's colleague Senator Dick Luger, as well as by a number of smart nuclear weapons experts, and a handful of nuclear concerns journalists. Any article goes on, Martin Schramm, it's a war-fraidin who writes a political analysis for Scripts Howard News Service. It's on our website, Russia wakes up to nuclear threat from Capitol Hill Blue. That's your chance with website, by the way. Can we hear blue? Yep, it's good. Don't like it. No, I like it. I just don't get to see it as often as I do. Why not? I'm lazy. You get all the good stuff and post it all for me. I see. I have to search for it. Well, a lot of people out there ought to be going to the O'Rages. Common, I just look at the New Deal pictures, I mean, that's fine. That's great. Today we got the Annabella Domba, the Domba Real Domba, the area of Lushurone, and Voise, she's a beauty. But we also got on more important, maybe a little bit more important, or equally important. We got some of the clips from good old Ben Noises name. What else is there again? Ben Barnes. Talk about how he pulls some strings to get Bush in the National Guard. He's going to be on 60 minutes too with Dan Rather than Knight. You ought to be taking a peek at it. I've got to play some of the clips. You could actually play him and would sound a lot better. We could. Well, I don't you. I mean, I could play it and put the speaker up to the thing, but I don't want to do that. It's so Mickey Mouse. If I would let Voise y'all sit up here, fix it. Back when he was an eyewer, Paul's dying to come up and invade my apartment here, he would probably hook that thing up, but you know what? I'm just as well. I saw nothing while I was done, or he's okay. You pick on him too much. Okay. Well, I mean, okay, he's an engineer. Keep that in mind. Plus he needs a haircut. Are you going to play any of those clips from Ben Barnes? It's loading. Are you kidding me? It's loading already? It's loading already? It's loading already? Okay. 13. Day 2. 11. 8. 7. 6. God, turn him in. Yeah. 4. We're waiting on it. Here's Ben Barnes. 2. 1. Right here. Hey Ben. Oh. Can't be found. Oh. Why did I ask you to do that? You know, you're the whole operation there. There is such crap, man. And as a computer that I bought and paid for, not like super expensive, but it's just there. There is nothing in that place that works, including management sales. How is it for a strategy to do with that information I was looking for? What? 21. 12. I will do it. Is it coming up or not? No. Huh? No. It's not. We'll do it after the break. I'll put my little speaker up to the mic. And it'll just inspire some people to watch it tonight when they hear what he has to say. Okay. This one or two clips. 21. 12. 21. 12. 21. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 12. 15. 12. 13. 14. 11. 14. 13. 15. 13. 13. 12. 13. 14. 15. 13. 13. 15. 15. 16. 17. 15. 12. 15. 13. 15. 15. 15. Stop waiting for some miracle to make your hairstyle falling into the sink, shower on the floor, and give Charlie a call find out more about his exciting new laser-light therapy treatment and how it can solve your sitting-hair problems forever. It really can change your life, man and women, by the way, can take advantage of this. Call him 12 free and give more information called 1-800-321-2413. There is absolutely no obligation. 1-800-321-2413, or on a wicked web, it's Charlesoffirie.com. 2-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and-hair problems forever. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and-hair problems forever. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and-hair problems forever. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and-hair problems forever. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and-hair problems forever. 4-800-321-2413, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around the clock to find six secrets in the two-way-and-hair problems forever. 6-800-415, or on a wild-routed morning to be picked and close around One thing about those armistmen, they really are rock solid. 144, it's 56, you've got a mad dog at two. We got the Amarlagian tonight. Mohour David, it's continuing to fill in and just hang out. It's just amazing. He's like the guy came for the weekend and just never left. I think they're going to have to fill in for a year and a half. Yeah, it sounds reasonable to me. And he's just going to be like out there, just out there, you know. Scientists, extreme weather will kill millions. And I don't want to create panic like some of those weather referees. But I'm going to tell you right now that if you don't think that there is global warming and all kinds of bizarre things going on and that we're polluting and destroying the environment, then you ain't a living. And if it keeps going away, it is. Guess what you won't be. Minions of people across the globe are set to die early due to extreme weather events, such as floods and heat waves caused by climate change, but a scientist said yesterday, Professor Mike Pellings said that he wave in your place here that killed thousands of people from a combination of heat exhaustion and increase in atmospheric pollution. We all experience an increase in extreme weather events. He told reporters at the annual meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of the Suns. There are predictions of a tenfold increase in heat waves. Let's get more than the Van Dellers to sing. Come on. We got it. You start. Oh, the increasing. It's a great talk. I got that video though. Do you? I got it to play. Well, I may be really. Yeah, I had to touch you. But I can't. I can't. Well, don't hang on with. The increase in frequency of these will inevitably result on a sharp increase in the premature deaths of people, yetted. Piling Professor of Physical Chemistry at Leeds University in Northern England said, atmospheric pollution was like a plague, stricken across the planet, although far worse than the industrialized Northern Hemisphere than the southern, as pollutants drifted from Asia to the US to Europe and then back to Asia. But the sources of pollution were not to stand at the Bull and Air Travel, for example, as contributing. The biggest issue was climate change. We have to control that he said. The problem was not to affect rease, planes, power station in cars, pumping out dirt and notches, chemicals, but also the burning of wood and fossil fuels, whether for heat and light or in the forest and subterranean fires. Let's go out there and tank it up, right? Crank up the tank up. All right. Unbelievable. Well, we got to get the Saudis all that money that they want. You know, we got a big investment over there. Especially that we got to keep up that wardrobe. OK, I'll play a little bit of that damn barn stock. That's just how does that to get it? Well, I don't know. I'm not laying brawling, so I don't know a bowl of that. I got a young man named George Debbie Bush in the house. I was going to go and check out her Texas on the opposite route there. But I got a lot of those people in the International Guard, because I thought that a lot of people should do when you're all just getting up to law risk people. And I walked to the Vietnam Forest of the day. I looked at the veins of people that died and being gone. And I became more ashamed of myself than I've ever been. Because there's a worse thing I did. It was happening a lot of weather supporters. A lot of people who did family names and of course get the National Guard number. You saw that. I'm very ashamed. I followed that as you've voted. Perfect. Right there. The men's arms. When they say come on, be sure much. Just 60 minutes to one CBS will then rather than night. We're going to play another one. Every pizza. Oh, I see. Well, no, you can go to our website, yourrg.com. We got a whole bunch of several tips from that. And you'll be inspired to watch it tonight. And then you'll realize for sure what a great touching, floating line, peace of Crappy or present this. And this may be a few people. Not a third man. So I don't think he is worthy. You know, you're not worthy, man. Of course we should have already known that. I think Kerry may surprise you. Now he, that's beets in Cincinnati this morning. Yeah, that was inspiring. Little, you know, little, about to get in there. He actually started cranking it up a little bit. Now you got eight weeks to go. Wait, wait from yesterday. Okay. You know, shoot your, I can't say it. Shoot your good stuff. What? I can't say it. Oh, yeah. Don't even think about saying that. There you can't. No. But why do that? Although we're going to. A lot of things. He said, the good stuff for the end. It's like a ball game. It's like a sporting event. Come on, strong in the fourth quarter. A kick some serious ass. Right? Right. Like the dolphins would do if they had a quarterback and a running back in a real team. We'll see you in the next. Of course you will. We'll see you in the next. We'll see you in the next. Let's, up to you some more pretty listeners. They'll scream nice and loud. Get me some words and a bad scream, happy. I don't care if they age from my gratitude. Use you to the torture because they're just playing their game. In the past it had you be worse with the dumb who's saying. Hey. Oh. Come on. Yeah. When you're sitting in your zone, you're so big and a ball is over five. Five. When you're in the middle, don't you ask me for the name. You're like a volleyball, not a volleyball. That's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. Watch the solid. That's good. Go go go go go go. You turn. Oh, right. That's good. You turn. I got one. You got one. That's good. Oh. You. That's good. And that's the best part. Lord! Lord! That's the best part. Everybody's so low! Ohhhhh!!! Nice!... 오 my dog! Okay. Lock up these six main dog in a couple minutes into a clock. Let's take a look at somebody's great fases we got here. Like this one here from Vincent. Vincent's upset because he says recently I went to your website was instantly informed that I was a winner of some free items. I applied for these free items and I started in flux of spams thanks to you, Sus Vincent. Well there's no extra charge Vincent and with the hurricane coming, who would have liked it and had a whole bunch of spams around, right? A case of it. Right. Hey, you know, that's Eric's deal. Okay, and he needs the money to just leave him alone. All right. Anyone doesn't already know that you should not click on internet advertising or you should know that. If you're stupid enough, it's an extricanos obvious internet. As they're then you're going to want to get in a bunch of spams and pop up there. And the evil doors will probably come in your house and train a morning in the tickling your toenails. So just like, why is that? But you play the way that is what he won. Lots of spams. Are you really? Good. That was your prize. Which is probably a big improvement of a bunch of the prizes we give away on radio stations. So quick and bird prize. Here's another one. It's got a brilliant guy. He says there are three things in life he should never take. One strange pill is offered at parties. Two Greg Reads were a good answer to name sure. And three phone calls. Why don't you screen your calls? What guess what? We don't line up. Now you have to do the same way, right? Absolutely. Yeah, it's more fun this way. I don't want to screen it. It says nothing intense across there. What's your name? Where you're calling from? What do you want to tell? See everybody does that crap. We don't want to do this heavy screening. And the best part of the deal is the shows that do the heavy screening. They talk to the same morons every day. We want from a little of Anna. You know, so what's all this all about heavy screening? You know, when they put the same jackasses on everybody. And the cranks will have to get through no matter what. Yeah, that's right. Like like we just started doing this right. And if the screener thinks to call her sounds like a punk or lame brain, whether or not he agrees with what he or she is to say, crap can it. It may not be 100% effective. But at least all of the mouse sounding sound effect. It's first and mighty cool man will reach some persistence. Yeah, almost to them. Jesus, do I miss W. Y. O. D. He says circa 1994. Six ten had both Michael Wolfen people who run your last weekend during your storm coverage. The older makes Bob Green sunlight gery O ons. Like water, crong-try it. Like blitting martes. Did the tray ever come in with information? Nope. I didn't take so. Hey, try your useless man and your bald and I used to like your lot. But use to it. And that business about screwing man. I'd start thinking about that and I started up chucking. And now here's the fact that says this is good too. How come these all came in just to be asked into the show? These are what are those things? People have been working on the role day of it, and you know, one is the new Roger show. Gonna give an email address that we can use to send in stuff. Get some QAM pool the screen. The material before it sent to you and L. J. L. Jorge, fencing is so funny years ago. Kind of like how it David is here. And George writes on here. Which one is that? I don't know like any times. Huh? If people like this would fact their email address. I'll send a mine. Yeah. Exactly. That's the last damn thing we're going to do is be given out. Or even creating for example on a QM website where they have the hosts. They still have and they will not disconnect that link. They won't disable it. And you can click on it and you'll get a pop up thing. And you'll think you're emailing us. It doesn't get to us. We don't want any part of it. See the one thing is speaking of the crank call is with some of them are fun. But at least with the faxes, you're more likely to get somebody with an IQ over three. Okay, over one or two. Who's going to send you a fax? As opposed to emails, which every schlepper in our brother and all now has got his send an email. So, it's a very virus. It goes back to that computer crap again and believe me. I love my air, the internet. I love my computers. Firstly, one of their works. But 95% of the ice crap. Okay. And we already got more than enough crap. When you work for Greg Weed, believe you me. You've got all the crap you can handle. Don't forget, spread your island. Jorge Brighton, immediately to 5 to 7 tonight. Bye bye. Bye bye. This is after all. The project is going to be in the water. I'm going to go to the water. I'm going to go to the water. I'm going to go to the water. My email is going to be on the water.