What are we gonna do now? What? What? What? What? Alright. From time to time, the fields belong to the press in daylight. From time to time, the fields, the people who don't have the smile. But we're gonna listen to the old shows. We're gonna go back to the show. But we're gonna listen to the old shows. But you're not a song ready. You're not a song ready. She was a model, a ten on the scale. Was a fine teacher, her methods were held. The world was a roister. But Debbie got nail. That's why this teacher is a tram. That's a boot. Her lover was 14. With sits on his face. That's right. Their show for was 15. Right. He drove him all over the place. She, my new Debbie. A newly wed disgrace. That's why this teacher is a tram. She is a truck that gorgeous, blue-eyed angel, who likes their middle school boys. They were her toy. In a back seat, came her defeat. Won't ever be teaching. She'll now be a vamp. That's why this teacher is a tram. Oh my God. Talked shows and comics. All over the screen. That's talking about Debbie. And her young teen. Butterfly tattoos. With some Chinese in between. That is why this teacher is a tram. She'll make a million on her first book. The TV movie will have us all hooked. Her 14 year old lover. He made her a crook. That's why this teacher is a tram. Larry King, Leno Moril Prud. She'll be doing the show. That's the light she chose. She's losing. But I fooled. Sweet Debbie, love faith. Please, teacher call. Please, won't you teach me? I'll arrange the grant. Okay. Come on baby, please. Be my tram. Hello, four or five, 60. WQM, happy Tuesday, twig, July 13. This pool you took yesterday. Well, I just got too much stuff on my plate. As they say, I don't have any of the blue dig was stados. What a maggot infested cheese. Now what is that? Magin infested cheese. We didn't believe a lot of these things. So we had to verify them. I love cheese. There they are. With recipes and pictures and all that. George asked what's the grossest food that people actually eat. Blue dig was stados. Magin infested cheese to owe two. Are you telling me that all blue cheese is infested with maggots? No. That's not blue cheese. What is it? It's maggots cheese. Faggot cheese? Well, you'll talk about that. I'm sure. On maggot cheese, in other words, you're talking about something you came out of Josh Friedman's Pupic. Plus 10th or 180, although I understand it more like that. Absolutely. People, 148, very eating people. Or Booker burgers, one of the other. Rats 86, monkey brain 78, head cheese 61 to me. That would have been my vote. Oh God. Oh, I look at it. You know, when you walk into a deli and you see it in the counter. Yeah. All right. I mean, head cheese. A little plus something. I'm back in the name. I'm like, say something about that. But I'm over at a long dogs 48. By the way, my mother had my little dog killed when I lied to me about it for years. Skippy, poor Skippy. Rocky Mountain roasters 47. Balloons for lies duck eggs 46. You're filled to fish 42 and I lied to that kid on there. People called it in and I didn't want to put it on. And then somebody else called it and said, uh, stick it on there. We got a fact. If you're filled to fish is just whitefish. Dude, that's why it's whitefish. But I think there's nothing this pipe rams with. I thought it was 32. Viper year and soup 32. Although Josh Beckett is a, he's got a taste for it. Blood sausage 24 eyes 22 liver 22. Chitlins 18. Cow tongue 18. Well, what about just tongue in general? All right. 16. Tripe 15. Scraples seven and Vienna sausage six and why is Vienna sausage? I don't know. I argued with that guy. I love Vienna sausage. I could go for a can right now. Yeah. And what about, uh, what's the other stuff in the can? Stan. Right. Oh, right. That's it. I don't like it. Let's try it with cheese. Anyway, that was a full George Cook yesterday. But the one that I really want to talk about it. Great length. Maybe for a couple of hundred days is the one you took on a Friday. I was in here early on Friday. It's tapping out some stories for Eric and Josh there because I don't know. I guess because I was going away for the weekend in Niagara Falls. By the way, I've sitting at the falls view casino Niagara Falls outside in the parking lot area waiting for the bus. The coach handed a bus to bring me back after losing my ass. And I'm sitting there with a friend and all of a sudden, there's a car turning in a park in a lot of about 50 yards away. And a girl, I'd say like maybe 20. Sure. We need to go some pain. Six year old out the window says, isn't that the arraggers? And then before I could react by waving or give a flipping around for anything else. A way they went and I saw the Florida license tag and there they went. So yeah, that was me. What are the odds of that? I don't know. 50. No, seriously. What are the odds of that happening? First of all, what are the odds of my sitting out there waiting for a bus? And it was really a bizarre thing. It was a happening. But anyway, which game should we made into a post sports license? I'm looking on the pole that you're taking and I look at it and I thought, what is this all about? And so I opened a pot and listened for five minutes, which I never ever do. For five minutes and I'm going to tell you, George and Josh there were having a greatest time in their lives. And because the phones were ringing off the hook like we're giving away a hundred dollars, they're be caller. Yeah, unbelievable. Which game should we made into a post sport? And I will probably tell this audience that let's see. The only ones on here I've ever spent a bottle of course, Alderman Frisbee, Fuzball, Airhockey. Those are the only ones on here I think I've ever heard of in my life. I mean, knife chicken, guard the pin, how about guard the min pin? I'm Jewish and your neighborhood and all those stories that you tell. Bloody knuckles. Never had anybody to try. Full chicken, monkey bar fighting. You fox ball. You know those guns. Just never ball. No, I don't know these names. Pick the pin. Pick the pin. Please, touch the ball. The ball on a rope. Steer down contest. Burn ball. S. Burn what is that? They had to tell me about that one. King of the Hill. Thumb wrestling. Pistol fighting. Never heard of thumb. Paper football. Oh, this is a beautiful thing. So anyway, it was a tremendous response, George had it. I went right to the edge of my balcony and kind of played a jumping. I thought I'd have to knock. Why the hell about it? Why haven't we used the time? You know, with my luck, I'd probably catch my leg on the legend. You broke it. I've heard you say it. Yeah, that's what I always say. Anyway, we got some heavy-duty stuff on our website now. How about that boys and girls before we get into this? People who's a real f***er will in case anybody doesn't know that. And David Ross also was a real f***er, a cheats channel. Who are you? People kidding. Who are these people kidding anybody? No. Another one of these open up a pot and put a bunch of crap on. In fact, we've been taping the goddess on there. Wow! That tape's on here. From the day before. So it's going to be really timely, not. Oh, it just, it just makes my teeth ache. Thinking about what these people do, they got that 50,000 watt signal. And just in the middle of the night all of a sudden on Sunday night. Oh, we're a WI and Z again. Super stupid talk. Haven't we already been there once before? Several times before many incarnations of that, including Rick and Suds? Stupid talk. And we got Aramaica. Maybe we got Randy on tape in case you missed it that day before. We got Alfred and I can understand as about his exciting is listening to milk curdle in a glass. We got this Yahoo guy, Ed Schultz in the afternoon, who is on about six little tiny markets like Geneva, New York and Amor, Emerald Texas, places like that, that nobody ever heard of. And then we got more tapes of the goddess and then we got you in the grapple at night. Oh, what did he end with that? It just makes me sick to my stomach the whole I mean, if they would have put something good on there, we would have appreciated it. We would have liked it even though it might be competition, but this is just so lame. I mean, are you people crazy or what? Yeah, just keep struggling to that and of course whatever whoever they had on Fox Sports, which was a piece of crap anyway, but whoever they had on there, who was on live, forget about that. So keep channel continues syndicating every radio station in America. Everyone just open up a pot and put somebody on who didn't have any idea where you know anything that relates to your life, didn't know anything about it. It's just a tragic. Anyway, let's do the first poll today before we talk about the movies on our website and all of that good stuff. Who can he sell aka? Here's the first poll because the second one later is going to take a long time. I haven't even thought about the second one, but I think it's a good one to take. Maybe they had some of that blue uh, cause it could stand. Whatever Mitch could stand. Would the bush people try to postpone the election if they feared losing and who's the one guy who's been telling you for a long time that there might not be an election? There you go. How many months have I been saying that? You sure are funny. Bob Birdman. Yeah. If they get far enough behind, if nothing would surprise wouldn't put anything past this crowd, we'll see if you have any When the party ends with the ones people really try to postpone the election if they feared losing, Four choices. Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power. Why not? They stole the first election. Know they're too honest for that or no they'll win honestly. In other words, they don't have to do it. They don't have to postpone it because they're going to win any of us. Right, they leave anything off of their. Sounds like it. Sounds like a winner to me. And the second poll we're going to take starting at 11, and boy, I got a lot of crap here. A lot of heavy do-be-stuffing. including some important people died over the weekend What restaurant anywhere in the world outside of South Florida is the best? You know, I put outside of South Florida because we've done that a million times and we don't you know Plus it's that time of the year it's the middle of the summertime people are traveling maybe if they go to some place you've been They might want to check it out Right, right can you so stop and think about that as I Huh like Niagara Falls What does that mean? Like what what's a good restaurant Niagara Falls so when I go there to jump Oh for my lady for that poor brother that she was trying to jump and they wouldn't let her jump She probably had a bad day at the spot Maybe she had some frogs sit down next to her to machine she just got through playing a wooden for grand like I had happened to me. Oh, I'll brother You watch that video like a hundred times or so? No, I saw three or four times said it looked to you like the one of the fireman was smack in the crowd thought of her Pissues resisting them Yeah, okay Well, what's wrong with that? He was saving it. He was saving her life What's wrong with the road that I just thought was does that mirror? These just wailing on her yeah He was saying cut the crap bitch I come back up here make me look like a hero 10 13 a Q a M Watch video 5 60 You a Now were you drugs packing Man in the real stores everywhere from the people who brought you the fruit or may cooks with wine It's the fruit or may cooks with boys Yes, the fruit or may cooks Italian a little man some lovely sausage for you The fruit or may cooks Chinese today. I want to make some young daddy And of course the fruit or may cooks three Yes, it's your warm and fuzz-y old friend the fruit or gourmet like you've never seen him before He may be frugal with his money, but not with his sauce The fruit or may cooks with boys only 1995 the video store near you and don't forget coming next fall. It's the fruit or gourmet cooks with malt liquor Oo partic still Cartoon Thank you Just a hold I'm traveling And the big leagues can't turn as bad Don't leave me, if you want me better I'm wrong with that forever moving on I'm not too deep, I'm not too deep You want to hear that, what much do you say? What will be on me, I'm not too deep, I'm not If I need gotta be all the fly Now, I'm sure you spend a lot of time talking about Coach F Smith, the frugal were me and Isabelle Sanford Dine Hours both of them, I mean wait, no, neither one Neither one, you didn't talk about Isabelle Sanford about me I said that for you, oh you are heartless bastard you I'm just play that the whole day out of that, got to be one of the five or ten top shows of all time We'll do that pull again one of these days soon, like maybe Thursday All in the family and the Jefferson's, is there any doubt about it? Yeah, there is, yeah, I don't like Jefferson as much as you do But I do like him, you don't like the Jefferson's? I do like him, oh that is much as you do Why is that? It's just not as funny as I think you think Okay, whatever you say, and by the way for the Jefferson's fans So what your name is, is it Val Sanford? Florence, the maid? What about her name? Whatever, I don't know what the woman the actress, what her name is But she's about 100 years old now, and she's at Irma on passions the last couple of weeks She's making one of those cameyers like Ruth Busy, Lines here And we got at Irma on there, you slap you, drop you a heart, she's great Anyway, Jeff Smith, the White Bird administer, became public television's popular The first time I saw it, I saw it through the approval gourmet Before a sex scandal room, this career died on Friday, he was 65 Mr. Smith died in his sleep Wednesday, he had long suffered heart disease And had a vow replaced in 1981 In the 60s, Mr. Smith, a united Methodist minister Did you know that? Nope, I do know Before teaching course at the University of Puget Sound And to Colma titled, Food as Sacrament and Celebration Program and Local PBS Affiliate Cooking Fish Creatively And his career took off on the appearance on Phil Donahue's talk show The Frublegrour may became the nation's most watched cooking show It was a good show, you did watch it, I'm sure No, and a series that, no, the only reason I watched it Has he did a lot of shows in Italy? Oh, that's phenomenal, a lot of Italian food too And a series of a company couple of spro-cales workers for the category It was no Iron Chef, but in 1997, when a nine-five of the lawsuit legend had been sexually abused by Mr. Smith as Yutes Sixth said the abuse of court while they worked for him At the Chaplain's Pantry, a restaurant he operated in the coma In the 70s, if you can't get molested in the... Right, right, you molested in the pantry The seventh alleged Smith of youth after picking him up as a hitchhiker In 1992, he denied the allegations whenever charged A crime, y'all, y'all, and he's a... He survived by the way by his wife Patricia two sons He had a wife, you know? Yeah And then again, Isabelle Sanford, forget about the Frublegrourment Fuggot's some of the George even knows, like, you know, better than her She's more the queer Although Sherman Hemsley's on, I'm sure that's probably why you didn't like it Might he call him, but he was funny Actress Isabelle Sanford, best known as Weasy Louise Jefferson on the television sitcom The Jefferson's That Financial Consors Republics has said yesterday she was 86 That's old enough See, I don't have to worry about since I'd like that anymore Don't I think that's why my mother made it to 91 and then she You're kind of like departed because I always said, well, 90's old enough she I'm gonna show you a thing or two And she made it to 91 and bye-bye Does anybody want to hear more about the funeral? The only thing I will tell you is that I got to report did not go But I got to, and I'm glad I didn't go, just if for no other reason this part They still do the barbaric thing, I guess it's a Jew thing Where they lower the casket into the grime, and then everybody who's there Attending has to take the shovel and put a shovel full of dirt over the casket I mean, if that isn't sick, if that isn't barbaric and just gut-wrenching I guess the idea is to give you the most for your money, right? I guess, a little bit of a mystery and the most grief and the most Shrying and carrying on, I don't know, this should shave some Cost off of the funeral if you're doing it It's a matter of fact, another good reason that I wasn't there is if I would have taken a Shereville and gotten a shovel full of dirt, I would probably not have thrown it on the casket Because there were some people there, well Sanford died Friday at Seederside Medical Center Where she had been hospitalized since the 4th of July, her daughter Pamela Ruff was At her side, her health and weane after undergoing preventive surgery on a Nick artery 10 months ago, Sanford Coast Guard was Sherman Hemzley 75-85 10 years it was on and you don't like it Okay, I don't know, on the Jefferson's has been out for the proper Mysteries all in a family, well, I don't understand what is not like like it I think you've been reading too much Tom Zikolavit, you said all in a family Had the Jefferson's or the two best shows ever That's not what I said, I said time the top 5 or 10 Okay, that's my personal, that's my personal take along with flipper I'll put it in top 10 In 1981 Sanford became the first black woman Are we seeing any for the best actress in the comedy series for who work on a Jefferson's Isabel was our queen And that's what we called her on a show Said Maria Gibbs who all there Maria Gibbs is who's on passions this week Thank you who played the Jefferson's maid Florence Gibbs said that even before the hit sitcom Sanford's comedic talent's Reverend and during acting auditions This is about what come in and just light up the room and start telling stories Everybody would be in stitches, Gibbs said Sanford and Native New Yorker was joined by Jefferson's creator Norman Leard others in January when she received the star on a Hollywood walk of fame And I great that before she croaked they did something good for Nice going you go as about We haven't moved it all night I don't care what George says, I've achieved even Josh likes the Jefferson's Yes, pretty good Pretty good, see he's not going to go overboard He's going to be talking about Schmier the queer and the fuzball again no more On our beaten curtain today we got some heavy duty stuff man I'll tell you that we got not only Connie Salica Now we don't know what time that picture went up yesterday the Q and booby trap No, but it is the dog days of summer You can't even walk outside because of the smoke and the all out of the cramps Especially in Dave County So as a result we want to give you something to occupy your time Keep your busy keep your office streets keep got it trouble right It's a it's a pubic service. I guarantee they won't be doing that on air america Wow, that's right. They have a few boobies on air america. They won't be doing this Underneath the picture of Connie Salica Who's today's beaten curtain leave? That's a good picture too Yeah, from quite a while back then couldn't circumcise an old bag Underneath that you got a way to minute. It's got a well download each time right. Excuse me. It's a program you got a We'll program it don't take a couple of seconds and it's well where there they are Now if they look at it, they see all the boobes on there. I mean that'll be a good start But that's it for start a child touch them play with what you do is you take your cursor and you just take you just take your mouse Out of the house and you scroll it right along right along booby lane there It's the Q and booby trap look at that and the faster you scroll it the faster you move your mouse the more I actually get to speak. There you go. And we also still have on here And I asked Josh he didn't have a clue. We got about three or four pictures that left over hold over from page Davis Huh page Davis. I guess the three or the three or four pictures that are there between the booby trap and the Rest-duty penis As a page Davis and there's a bunch of pictures where she's like playing grass and getting the doing ass to ask And then you go back to the booby trap and the movie mouse around again a little bit. There she is. Yeah, page Davis because the the inquire or one of those magazines had these pictures But you know how they put the the oops star over the top of the the part they don't want you to see So I found pictures without the star of scuring her butt. So we got plenty to keep him busy and they keep you off the street. Here's the early Result on our first poll today. Would the bush people try to postpone the election if they fear losing yes They'll do anything to stay in power out of 131 votes so far 72 said that why not they stole a first election 44 good point No, they'll win honestly 13 and no there to want us for that too. So you put those two together We got about 11 percent. 11 and a half 27 after ten at five 60 W to come with the best pizza in town or your money back. That's the guarantee you get from Jeff Cohen at the pizza lock That's correct. The guarantees you'll be thrilled with the food at pizza often is so sure you're gonna love his pizza Three different kinds by the way that he will guarantee his pizza is the best in town or give you your money back I bet you the rumors are gonna be taken up on that for lunch today before they leave town That's right the best pizza in town or your money back after 27 years in South Florida pizza Lothers in the reputation for quality food and the service probably on expectations Jeff's inviting you to stop by pizza law today. Take him up on that offer for the best pizza town. I guarantee you I bet you have high life on it You become one of pizza law's regular customers and become and back again in the game because they give you fresh delicious goodies big portions everything is cooked to order And the prices are so teeny and tiny you can go back over and over again. They now are for your balance for life's own diet menu I'd like to see as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta pizza lock your find them in the same location They've been going strong for years and years now. They're on university grab between five ninety five and Riff and Rob just a mile south of five ninety five and they're open every day seven days a week for lunch and dinner Tons and tons of reparking they deliver to most of South West Broward to for take out delivery in Kateruink all the world famous pizza law at nine five four nine one six eighty eighty eighty that's nine five four nine one six eighty eighty Pizza law Tom of your money back guarantee My This is for real by The true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story There one hit song contained a simple message, but was it accurate they were D-Live I think it's pretty obvious don't you where is the groove grooves in the heart But they were those who disagree with the groove location assertions of the lights lead singer I'll tell you where the groove is the groove is in my cottage cheese ass No way the groove happens to be in the groin area. Oh, please. I couldn't put a groove in your groin with a electrode Look at how do you know about where the groove is anyway. I happen to have a postgraduate degree in group studies from Colombia Oh, excuse me Mr. Degree in group studies We may never know for sure just where the groove is located Perhaps it will turn up with those weapons of mass destruction It's a big juicy soft and let look at show business tonight on inside the behind Twenty seven to eleven. 181 votes on here already look at that would the bush people try to postpone the election if they fear losing Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power 97 53 and a half percent Why not they stole a first election 63 35 percent? No, they'll win honestly 19 ten and a half percent. No, they're too honest for that two one point one percent A lot of skeptics out there and right here and over there Anyway, kind of sell a was born May 25 1955 into Bronx Did you know that? No, I did not now you do Some of her work. I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus a 2002 and mostly made for TV movies like Anna's dream dangerous waters punch drunk Was a regular movie doomsday rock something borrowed something blue While my pretty one sleeps Howl later remember the server get dangerous affair. She led two lives not to be confused with I led three lives of her birdfielbric second chances and a bunch of other TV boy lots of stuff man She's older than no lessie 45 49 but the picture goes back sometime pretty good picture And once you're too checking out Connie solica you can like check out the QN booby trap Right and that a good name for it until we get sued because one once you enter into that no, no, they don't have a copy right on that mean She's that's like Donald Trump your fire your fire oh It's a scary yet it's speaking a scary bush may use terrorism excuse to delay elections. This is what they've been talking about they've been dropping these hints after what's his name Not that what surprised me there was the I mean when you go to the lights they did to steal a first election in 2000 light. How wouldn't they do this now? And this and what it really is terrible. Let me just read this and what could be viewed as a desperation intent to hold on to the presidency the Bush administration is preparing plans to postpone the November presidential elections by claiming the threat of a terrorist attack would disrupt the process not an actual terrorist attack happening, but just the threat of it So I can just see on November 1st the day before supposed that the election here comes Tom Rijigan But at boring look on his push comes out and has a press conference to announce well We have some non-specific, but we think that maybe somebody open the mail and found some powder in it In fact, we're going to have the president check the powders Sources within the Department of Homeland Security confirm the agencies preparing legal steps to postpone the election and can do so at a moment's notice when the orders come from the White House Michael Isakov Newsweek magazine is also confirming this in this week's edition they're working on it they're getting ready The Department of Homeland Security has to justice to department last week to review what legal steps would be needed to delay the election The Department was asked review a letter for two rage from the forest from Jeff De Forest stories Sorry, who's the chairman of a new US election assistance commission The commission was created in 2002 to provide funds to the states that have replaced punch card voting systems and provide other assistance in conducting federal elections I hate to write the news to these people, but the executive branch doesn't have the authority to postpone the election only the Congress can do that are you were that I am now that's about the one thing even Of course it's the Republican controlled Congress, but it's the one thing you ought to keep in mind, okay, that might the well my causes to have an election WRA effects dropping sports roe Jim Sarny on Friday, I'm telling you that Jim Sarny what a nerd this guy is there any doubt Wow, what a piece of turd you are Jim if you took him and buried you. I think he's buried jackass and drag. I think it's the same person He just leaves the brown paper bag from lunch at the Harold and he's absorbed the sun signal it's the same guy Jim Sarny same little Wackers, yeah, can't say that anymore WRM, he goes on the stuff we already know It's like we're walking down the green mile side by side said toast to team with stoo gods and the three to six PM show now What do we think of stoo gods who was a good god but didn't belong on a year and toast to really is living up to his name The fact that a matter is that was the about the only local and what about that big shot guy Josh they hit from Orlando or Jackson though was that guy's name Okay, no you don't have talking about That next jack in the morning show they had they that would silly. Oh, what does that name Dan San Diego? Oh, you are weak. Well, if we see stick Josh stick here a fuse ball in your room smear the queer But I mean, this is the only local show they had in any other stations was the was stoo gods and toast So now what they've done by taking this INZ stupid talk again. They've eliminated that All of this is just open up a pot and put on somebody somewhere that's on 75,000 different stations and then that's it Local radio is gone. It's dead. It's history. But then Jim Sarnie goes on to say something that really frosted my ass and I guess it frosted Hank spad ass to from what I was told by Moth this morning while she was a extrapolate and crap Tony Bruno and Jim are this is what sarnie wrote Tony Bruno and Jim are my lawyer listeners and the combination of stoo gods and toast He said donno six to wake him who George by the way says was pretty cute guy was developing a young Hiper audience How did you meet George Sedano at party they they are they for a party? And we're at a party at they have I see anyway, but here's the line that really cracks me up Jim Sarnie says that we're developing a younger Hiper audience Oh my god the station was making money and the ratings in the men's 18 to 34 demographic were good they didn't have any ratings in any demographic you idiot But you know about ratings we could stuff in your back room for the Chinese army left over you in the Syll Jim Sarnie at the Sun Sennel you and then Sean Pekoli today follows it up We know him from somewhere If anybody knows who Sean Pekoli is at the Sun Sennel let us know He used to do something Okay, he used to do something I don't know we know him from somewhere Liberal radio hits airwaves in South Florida on her first of all this is another brilliant article jick it and write it because jick is out there in a West Coast getting smoothed and wind and dying By all the networks with a you know that annual summer a fart fest they have going on out there And listeners could and he goes on about they didn't start with a flawless start yesterday and they had dead air for little while listeners could have heard former South Florida radio personality Randy Rhodes skewer the White House reverse offenses and greater new audience with a hello Miami Jappy into thing what he doesn't realize I guess is that it's on tape from the day before she's not doing a live show and her she's on tape right now Toon in the goddess on tape Other daily shows on WI and see our morning sedition 690 and that's air america crap whose title spoof npr's morning edition see their whole stick a whole idea with air america That was it only a bad idea and poorly executed but it's an anti this there are spoofing npr in a morning and then the old frank infected in the three who's a spoofing bill or rally is a book or the anti whatever whatever the other side is worth the anti the air spoofing in PR the morning is that what yeah It was just now guys talking morning sedition, but the title I as a spoof and the majority reported night April 11 p.m. with the genie grapple so he leaves out the three to six guy, which is Ed Schultz who's got the nobody ever heard of before was on in like six to the minor markets like Geneva and Panier New York And this guy just totally out of the what I love about this we think that timing is perfect said David Ross vice president for clear channel South Florida adding The anxious David Ross who's a real cool this is going to be an incredibly controversial presidential election you got Fahrenheit 911 doing well. Oh, well, maybe if you had Michael more on the air somebody might listen schmuck Clear channel South Florida decided to jump in the fray Ross said after seeing air america programming draw spectacular ratings in New York City and an clear channel on station portlor again, of course that was the first month after that they went right in the old crapper again The daily lineup is not complete Ross said Wions he wants to find a local host to compliment the syndicated fair somebody who worked he, of course, but he said the liberal lineup challenges one of frequent complaint about media giant clear channel the company's largest radio chain the killers of what we used to know is broadcasting Here's the line of the century baby from David Ross he says we get accused of being the bad boy we don't experiment we don't do what's innovative said Ross. Well, this is about as innovative as it gets oh my god Opening up a pot and putting a bunch of syndicated stuff on here. That's about as innovative as gets for cheap channel. I'd ever thought of it. Yeah And that's saying it's about as innovative as they get Years later and say it took me a little while I was slow learner, but Neil I apologize It's way deal you are the true I have no idea I You You You You I could just see our crowd now dragon their mouse across those booms on our behind to be in curtain got to be over the ages 75 Oh, by the way, I have several pieces of ID picture ID of course. Hold it up to that screen and the picture to 282 votes on the poll already look at that John ascrawlt by should point out. Bri or readily here is not real happy about that booms thing No, in fact, if you notice he's got several eyebrows raised and at the before he get we have to click on the thing got a sour look 282 votes what else is new to 82 would the bush administration try to postpone election if they feared losing 282 votes in about a half an hour about like 35 minute They're whipped up to a frenzy about this and I'm going to tell you every man woman and child on a planet not just in America everybody who values their life Who values the planet continuing to spin around ought to be mighty conservative about this crap, okay? All is garbage with the patreon act and all the other curtailing of freedoms and this chilling crap we got on a radio where we can't even say crap anymore And now well, maybe we're not gonna have the election after all because we have our rumblings we're hearing a lot of chatter You're a lot of that crap You're like that you're that see that Josh there's a more chatter. I'm Tonya I'm surprised before knew we get Tom Ridge on TV again today, but I'll watch it. We're not raising the terror alert because we're just making this all up But anyway Would they try to do it? Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power 148 52.4% why not they stole the first election which of course is Absolutely correct 99 35.1% Let me say it again. 161. Yes, they'll do anything to stay in power just changing and fear and four votes why not they stole the first freaking election 105 No, they'll win honestly 35 and other to want us for that three the last two may sound the same but they're not see the difference Yeah, whatever Anyway, George is doing a fantastic job this summer's enough to make me think in fact I'll tell you I'm so excited about it. We're gonna have Marlin game next two Thursday That's how comfortable I am in the great job you're doing. I'm serious you finally got your thumb on the pulse of this town It's pretty queer That's all you need to know is smear the queer and rich sandwiches is out Did you see that? Did you talk about that? No, I didn't have this that you missed that rich His gun little timey jitter very emotional article about that before mid in where he's local rag They're just kicky kicky sandwiches. He's gone. He's a show got Schmidt can or is that snick-can? Let's see they got the shorts and shit on those two cheap channels Just sound like a bunch of Nazis to me anyway Ricky Ticky sandwiches is taking some kind of a network job somewhere Just don't let the door H&E S in a way. Okay, everybody hates you Rick His TV show had ratings that were like even worse than Bill or Riley's radio ratings, which is a point too as in what's the point And the number two thing that is most important. I want to see what I only do the two shows a week during these two months I have to catch up with stuff in addition Which even though you're doing a fine job? How could you not have talked about Isabel Sanford and Crocodile You know that's cuz you don't like the Jefferson's okay If it would have been somebody I'm gonna show you like like what's it show you like this instance? The yeah, afraid homer Simpson would have died then you would have said Hey, yeah, or something like that Anyway, or you would have said Let's put some tape sign again like that Phil Henry tape. Okay. That did it. Fold you didn't that I don't think put another internal memo out again about all this time We're really gonna kick ass and we're gonna come after that Rogers with a Randy and with the help prank in them Yeah, right we got we got the far right covered on IOD. We got the far left covered I and see all you got covered is your ass, okay You people are disgrace over there. You got all these AM stations with these big signals Not to mention the FM stations with their 100,000 watt the class these signals and all you put on is crap You specialize in crap and keep in mind by the way to keep channel owns this super talk just keep that in mind. Okay All those people that hate cheap channels as much as we do and even worse The CNN poll says the Carries leading well, it's close, but he's leading An interesting part of his need to a survey and then they give the results and they said what we did a wider survey That's a different result 700 six likely voter conducted between Thursday and Sunday last week 50% per carry-adwards 46% Chanian bush. I'm a bushing Chanian 40 in slip and a wider survey 891 registered voter showed a slightly larger lead for carry a 51% to 44 and Nader's just he just getting a couple of points. It's a 2% Nader Caminho not counting the one on his head. Yeah, I'll take him on crossfire yesterday Ralphie later, but I mean by the rush all those other crap real crossfires He's screaming about how Michael Moore should lose some weight all this other crap lose some weight Yeah Well, we want to keep your mind to make a lot more movies lose some weight. Yeah. Oh, it's speaking of that What a great segue. I fell into a bunch of crap. Well, we'll start with a cause in the next day Because I have a lot of of I make time to catch up with now, see This is a miracle, okay, that happened to me all you fat people out there. I just want to make a suggestion What how are they going to apply this to their lives? You know, never let me see my thing cuz I already told you about this or anyway So my mother died a week ago yesterday, okay The next day the following day not because I thought about it not because I was depressed Amarost she was 91 like we're going to go through that old story The next day I lost my sugar craving. It just just went away. I've lost five pounds in a week without even trying And so I'm convinced beyond the shadow of a doubt That it was not physiological but psychological as in because she was smothering and Suffocating and just always somewhere in the middle of my work brain There was this thing about I don't know what you call it What do you call it some 40-and-thing some fruity and thing right there? It is some fruity and things In food and now it's just Navi she ain't there to nag and convention I lose some weight you're killing yourself That's all now. I don't have any sugar craving so it certainly was no physical thing Right Release my brain is cleaned out Nobody's probably your body. Oh, follow hopefully right there you go The sugar cravings are gone. I've had no ice cream no candy no no crap no no cake No pie no mother Hubbers pie no no no Tim Horton donuts not that stuff How do you like that and I'm not even interested I walk in the market and I walk past this stuff I used to be I walk past where the ice cream is I try to like have blinders. I'm like a horse Because I'd see the Ben and Jerry's right away. I'd start like my eyes would start Check in the flavors are like oh, do they have that coffee coffee crunch today? I can't resist that always a good excuse You may I don't want it anymore. How do you like that? So I'm saying if you're fat don't go see a doctor go see a shrink Not a good idea. Oh, yeah, there's a question look at look at the this functional people in that building Okay, I want to mention the beast or fat boy this functional people are the fat people I grew up one of the most dysfunctional families in the history of mankind in history All of a sudden it's like a major miracle so you see even out of a tremendous tragedy Something good can have That Oh Oh Oh, yeah, what's a neo-natchee's man with his funny liberal network of theirs? They can anybody not anybody with a brain clear channel kills non-profits and for New York Times Square You know that story about the billboard? Yeah, we'll get to it. Did you talk about it? No. Oh, did you talk about Brittany's Story that we had on our website which one Brittany was my sex man bride? No, no Like I say George better get with it or he's a toast saving all these for you We've had him on our website your tuba's he had drag in your mouse. That's your problem Turnpack reopens is dense smoke from wildfire disappears. I got to give it a result to this poll Then we'll get to the next one. I maybe the next poll. I don't know. Maybe it's not a good question. Maybe it's too tough How can you select the one best restaurant? We can do it right what on look what's it matter? That's I totally had the right attitude. What the hell difference is it made right good point. We haven't done yet Let me refresh this one last time because we got nearly 400 votes in about 45 minutes that is a staggering number Considering how many people are in town right now 34 with the bush people try to postpone the election if they feared losing Yes, 252% I'll do anything this day in power why not they stole a first election 136 that's another 35.4% no, they'll win honestly 45 11.7% and know they're too honest to do that 3 0.7 so 12.4% suck out to the bush people the neo Nazis and any 7 1 1 1 1 1 1 Oh, we're in deep due to now What election? Turnpike reopens his dense smoke from wildfire dissipates a long stretch of Florida's turnpike We opened in date county by 1930 this morning about now and a half ago after being closed during rush hour because of dense smoke from a Doused wildfire The FHP at closed sections of the turnpike okotobi rodent chroma have no because drivers were unable to navigate safely The National Weather Service had issued a dense smoke advisory till 10 in the AM Greg we got a ton They still said it was gonna be dense Communor shifting onto other roads caused widespread traffic jams even whether was no dense smoke Com conditions have allowed the smoke from the smoldering fires in western day to thicken the smoke will be very slow to this first Carver should exercise extreme caution this morning as visibly may change rapidly the weather service He's saying so Other reason not to be there right okay, what restaurant anywhere in the world is the best outside of south Florida 5 670 5 60 556 the only AT and T and Verizon and other would you even read the Britney story? No, I read it. Oh, but you didn't talk about it? No, I don't want to say that I didn't read it so this morning probably two to press Read it so this morning. WQM hello. How are you? Yes? Why don't you take a poll on how many years you'll take regards to Duke and radio? Is this the George Bansher? No, it is just one of them. I'm curious. I think I would say about third man a third Good life 5 6 7 so in other words you have him please the entire audience out there, but he can quote chapter and verse everything You said in fact he's probably the guy that called in with Schmer the queer calls every day with that same one Doesn't yes, it's for at least you know he's there anyone if everybody else subband and you he'll always be there for you He won't be anyone WQM hello I know oh There please oh John's yeah, fat chance and the good that we got him down like within two words now So there's offer to try to get a maybe this pull won't have it this would be the first pull we ever do with no choices I like that Shouldn't be a problem no the best restaurant you've ever even had any and the world even anywhere else how to sound Florida for Is going that's gonna be there still open okay? Wrap city and the traffic can and lost it. Oh, they're long since closed, but doesn't have to be still open. Oh, they'll go good We can we can say is or was I put I put on emeralds and lost Vegas it was good Oh, yeah Well, maybe he's got a good restaurant just because he's not a good guy. Oh, yeah I'm not let me ask you this George let me ask you this how many times have I been Vegas how many thousand times? About 30 thousand don't you think I know emeralds restaurant? Are you talking about an NGM grand yeah, you didn't like it? If that's the best if that's the best me and you've ever eaten son all I can say to you is good luck to you Okay, time to play smear the queer That is just no one for at least it's a name now we got too on the list We got wraps that he long since close, but you know something that that's a good choice man Did we go there together or did you? I was there my wedding night You went there and you're winning night? Yeah, was I maybe that time we were in Vegas we went there One one goes we had a coupon. It was it was one of those times that we went to Vegas you had a great coupon Yes, that was the rapsity in the trumpet cannon Who used to set me up there? I used to eat free there and I remember one time to one time I got contour and I guess to make sure he didn't know about it or something didn't know when I had to go through a big soda dance Which you know how embarrassing that is? Yes, oh? God oh We have to be having out here you're right mr. Rogers mother was apologize What about the other place in Vegas that are like so much and always raven about it? Rosewood drill rosewood grill Let's put that on here. Although See I wouldn't put Ruth Chris on here even though Ruth Chris is much better than the rosewood grill because we have Ruth Chris is in South Florida So other was if it's a if it's part of a chain that we haven't South Florida it's Just qualified got it we got it. WQM hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? I'd like to have your poll for a minute. Okay, all right? Okay, restaurant the greatest restaurant in the world in my opinion Yes, it's called the line in in the Virgin Islands It's a insane John Okay, it has this meal. It's a lobster steak This that is absolutely incredible and what they do is they have brief stopped in the steak Oh my gosh, it's incredible All right, hey Neil yes, sir. One more thing did you see nine eleven and oh Fair nice, okay, yes. I don't know if you noticed the part where they were interviewing one of the soldiers and he's like singing this song the roof the roof Is on fire burn mother, you know, yes, I mean that part yes, I do you recognize that song Did I recognize the song it's a blood-hound gang song. Oh, that's right Michael more the big blood-hungaing Sam well there you go well great minds work a life man Absolutely, hey, we got it We Yeah, okay, pal. I have a great thing See if we have one. Yeah, if we have one see and people used to laugh at me so many things that I've said The neo-nazzi's OG he's too extreme he's such a funny guy and And then all of a sudden two three years later everybody's using the same expressions and the same thing about the election Oh, that could never possibly happen in America to a post-blown and of course this business a postponing election to like what until 2001 2030 I love the blood-hound gang Can we play that? I guess we just did you end up that now did you? I did not need the judge Well good for you. I mean, it's just you whatever lime in I wonder if that has anything to do with the lime time You're been by a bud foster if pumping apart well, I wouldn't have been pumping on hazel park five six seven oh five sixty See you know what I was thinking this this is a perfect analogy The show that you guys did on Friday with all those silly games a pencil up your ass whatever But if I did a show here I talked about harness racing for four hours And different drivers and horses and race tracks have been it would have the same significance to you. Oh, that did to me right? Yeah That's ancient history and only five old guys know about harness racing or care right is opposed to Schmere the queer right? It's a good point WQA and hello WQA and hello WQA and hello Good morning, yes, sir That are restaurant to the list. Yes Peter Lugers in New York the Williamsburg Brooklyn love that steak sauce man Yeah, then it's a good place. Okay. Thanks. All right. Thanks Now do we want to put where these places are on a pool? I don't know what we're doing what difference would it make Well, no ramps in again. What do you mean what difference would it make well? What's the point? Do you know either they know we got to put where it is raps of the in Las Vegas come on I tried to just be lazy you even have to do it. I know Maks and Vegas because Emeralds got restaurants all over the place rosewood grill and Vegas The Lyman in the Bahamas he said or Jamaica I don't know I forgot oh come on What are these to say? That's five minutes ago into Bahamas I guess or who knows and Peter Lugers in New York okay? You could try to develop I think Josh can handle that little bit extra typing there So we had final totals on the first one before disappears on me there 425 votes pretty impressive in an hour Would the bush people try to postpone the election if they thought they were gonna lose and believe me Chances are looking more and more every day. Yes. They'll do anything to stay in power 213 to 218 Line up they stole the first election 160 that's 87 Yeah, 808 percent almost Know that went honestly 49 and know there are two wants to do that only five About 12 percent continue sucking up to the right wing the New York cons 12 minutes after the hour of the hour of 5 60 WQ and we got the pristine line up today we got mad dog at to the Humperard for You see what we gone from for an hour before the all-star game tonight. I saw it. We got the crow I got your crow botters right here homeboy from 7 a.e. to get you all whipped up about the all-star game Which needs some help because it means nothing and nobody cares a to level. We got major league all-star game for me SPN radio followed by any the K right here exclusively on WQM because who the hell would want the all-star game right? I don't want it. No, I don't drive wants it Who's gonna be calling the all-star game on ESPN will be a day-votes his name who's gonna be doing it? Joe Joe buck maybe you know he's on fuck yeah, maybe Joe Morgan No, no Joe Morgan doesn't do the play by play Joe Morgan does the color oh that's a bad term He's a genre. Yeah John Miller and Joe Morgan John Miller and Joe Morgan you better get your a play by play people right there Josh because you know You're gonna send you to emeralds for another bad meal. You really think that emeralds is the best rest of your everything But I Wait a minute, wait a minute if it's not the best and why did you say it? Because I happen to eat there when I was in Vegas and I had a great meal. It's what he knows. Come on. I'm nominated Bam 13 next 11 at five 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost Letta wastes outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of business payroll administration Fortune 500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable call Oasis outsourcing today for a fear of adoration call tool free 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866 28627 With more than 60 thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands many faster human resource management outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business by relieve the operational details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing So let Oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable there's no obligation if you like her free of adoration just comment that toll free number 1 866 at Oasis that's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing Youngers too young Take a look at that rap city restaurant baby on our website. It is impressive. I shot there, Josh. rap city Who's rapping on it? You come on to me and let's put things in my head and it sounds so fun But if you want to take me to the scroll there's things about me everything can go I'm on the edge 70 you should face yet a name you believes I've got rich money And I've got to think right now Right, come on Oh my show She's on the way She'll make it Let's 25 You should be scared of her Yeah, I'm never holding stone straight baby The diamond diamond Who's the size she's looking by She's just the team Did I close the show? It went happens when you played too much Tonsolaki or one of those games that was on at the pole-friending So speaking of that though, yeah It's a Tonsolaki What games did you play as a youth out in a bow? Uh... Mary go round I don't know, look out the line on it That's 100 years ago No, no, mum, the above No, no, the ones you had on there Hyden's seek We had that on there, sort of Uh... And her Look at this Now, you remember that song by Luke Christie, Rapp, City, and the Rain? Yeah We had a few of this feelings And misunderstandings on our poles over the years But this may be a classic Somebody ought to take a picture Or just at least print that out I voted for it Yeah, I see that I see your vote went on there Because at least you didn't want a new rule Instead of Rapsony R-H-A-P-S-O-D-Y R-H-A-P-S-O-D-O We got Rapp City Yo, yo, yo Yo, yo, man, let's go to Rapsony How to hell with a meal Let's get the children of the hood Oh god Just chilling Rapsony Yeah, it'd be great, man Rapsony Hip hop down there No wonder it's out of business Brittany was my sex man, right I can't believe you didn't talk about this I would rather leave it to the old family And look at the tremendous response We're going to have on our website today We've got Boob City on there Just score your mouse right across the QM Boob, whatever we're calling it What we call it? Booby trap All right, we don't want to say QM Booby trap Because then it gets to the station We're gonna try to associate ourselves with the radio station Because they're very embarrassed and humiliated by us Because we don't talk about sports And we'll manly stuff like that So the fact that they got a bunch of stupid ballgame crap on there Where we've sighted all we got is a bunch of boobs in the naked broads And ours I guess that gives you a little something, okay? A little idea Who's the, I didn't even print that out I must have it here somewhere The hurricane player got arrested And Troll roll Up at your pardon And Troll? Is he can do a ester roll? Sure one Or how about Jelly Roll? And Troll roll, he ain't having a few problems there I had that somewhere Maybe I should make candid, I don't know Because maybe nobody cares about it We don't want to talk about it But I'm sure they'll talk about it And between shack and shack And more shack And Troll, so in Troll Well, shack's coming Check Brittany was my sex man bride Brittany's spirit's bedded her childhood sweet heart Like an animal Then wrecked his life with a 55 hour marriage That's stunned the world Oh my God Now in a world exclusive interview When news of the world Husband Jason Alexander details Every moment of the sex and proposal Their Vegas wedding and his humiliation His furious family and lures Pulled him apart We made love in her Did they use the jaws of life for that? Yes Hurray We made love in her bed Her shower and her bed Said Jason 22 Who's a real Yahoo with it If you look up the word Yaohin the dictionary His pictures right there She asked me to marry her But when her lawyers demanded I and our marriage He didn't stop them And it caused chaos in my life Jason says Jason revealed that Brittany proposed to him She lay naked in his arms And she was so excited when he said Err That she rushed him down the aisle Without stopping to put her nickers on Ha ha ha Well it's a great paper news of the world Her nickers on Your nickers right? No sure In the white books Right? Neh socks? Planned pants? As the openers are Jason also told how Multimedianer's Brittany made love to him So friendically that they fell off the bed Played erotic sex games with him under her shower But shuffled silent and shame faced as her marriage Was ended and later Change her mobile phone number So we could even talk to her I didn't tell the world about this before Because I still hope to get back together Jason said but now I realize she ain't coming back to me And you take one look at him and you say I could understand easy Brittany also 22 is now playing the Mary Newfion say Keith Fetterline 26 after he left Has heavily pregnant partner Shared Jackson And if you take a look at if you see him Yeah He makes the other guy look like a bread pit She got some taste don't she? Yeah Interval and her toj Yeah careful But Jason grew up with Brittany and Kent Lucy and it's known as a no marriage Will be as bizarre the one he went through Taking up the story that he's before the wedding last January He recalled even though she'd made it big She still came back to Kent when we kissed But that's as far as it had gone Then last Christmas Eve she came up to my place Act if I wanted to go to Vegas for the for New Year What's the matter friends? I said yes Maybe they wanted to go to rap city Right yet Once in Vegas Brittany paid them for all For all of them to stay in the MTV themed real world Sweet at the Poms casino hotel We all went out to a lobster dinner But that was at the uh... Rosewood Grove Brittany looks sensational in jeans and a black Gaholdern at Topyset It was 4 a.m. by the tender went back to their hotel Sweet made love for the first time We knew what was going to happen He said Brittany started stripping off her clothes She walked into the sweet then we started kissing Sweet He got down to gesture black thong And they see through lace bra I've never seen a woman look more stunning He saw I wanted to make love to where she wasn't shy And showing what she wanted We started off in the bedroom kissing She was good at that She was good at everything She was an animal in bed Hopefully not a musk rat Absolutely We were both so hot I let her into the bathroom There was a huge shower head that's in water down As though it were rain As in rap city in the rain We spipped off completely gotten into the shower And Brittany performed oral sex on me As the water ran down over both of us Afterwards I let her back into the bed We went first she was on top of me Then I was on top We did it everywhere you could But it wasn't cheap I really cared about her And it felt right At times she was noisy She didn't come in any name She just moaned We didn't use any precautions either After sex they fell asleep in each other's arms Woke up in the morning I'm sure I woke up and was really aroused again Said Jason This was about four minutes later I'm sure Brittany was asleep But when I tried it on with her She didn't hold back She said she wanted to be with me And I told her I wanted to be with her She said she wanted me to go with her on tour I thought she was vulnerable I wanted to take care of her This goes on some laying During the day Brittany and her friends went to the hotel Spaw while Jackson chatted with her body guards When I got back I was in the when she got back I was in the bath he said she came in Striped off on the table with me First we were scrubbing each other Then she got on top of me and we had sex She was a natural with the most fantastic ass I've ever felt She was proud of her body and often wandered around with nothing on The following night it was off the plane Hollywood for dinner where I'm sure Josh had the best Melee's ever had He said Brittany wanted to stay out I wanted to go to bed so she made me promise that if I made Love to all night we could go back to the room The sex was mind blowing and rough We did an airy position you could think of it It was so wild and managed to fall off the bed together There was more sex than next night This time I remember she was wearing a beautiful purple and pink Said of underwear said Jason After where we were chatting and bed cover up and they could say We didn't want to trip to end when she said I want to ask you something but I don't know how to I told her she could ask me anything she acted She said she jumped out of bed Floor jeans on and yell let's do it now And get married too She was ecstatic she didn't even pull her panties on And the rush is she slipped on her jeans Ran down stairs and jumped into the hotel Limit number for good saying take us to the nearest Tapah we're getting married Couldn't we play going to the chapel by the dixie? We could Wouldn't that be sweet to get up Sweet What happened next in the early hours of Saturday January 3rd left her millions of fans of God The first tapal open was the little white chapel I did Jason we were kissing and holding hands We knew we were doing the right thing When we got there they said we needed Mary's license We had to go to a courthouse that was open 24 hours Walked in a couple of pun in a breading and said you look just like that girl I'll turn around and say we think that chick would marry a man like me Brittany and I give her our heads off We got to shoot him get rush back to the chapel and paid the 7000 bucks for the best package They could do the best package Brittany picked it we had flowers Video for dog or pianist and register I said she should walk down the aisle on her own But Brittany wanted to be traditional ask the limo driver if he do the honor I think he was a bit gobsmacked, but he did it They were here that before gobsmacked God's right It's a brick thing I guess I said I remember her walking toward me and we looked into each other's eyes This goes on and on and of course she said get lost 27 past 11 at 5.60 WCMD wake up every morning in a crowded bed Brittany Between the kids and the dog and the can In fact, the Jeff high wrote this copy when he wakes up alone in the morning he's in a crowded bed Between the kids and the dog and the cances in a room left for use Researcher stated they shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses Because of overcrowding and if it is at a better selection of queen and king size mattress is ready for immediate delivery That's a dilemma. Of course we're talking about when you call 1-800 mattress right now You'll get a great mattress at a discount price Only diameters delivers ADM to 10pm every day Dalamacris is ranked numero uno in customers satisfaction There were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award When you call 1-800 mattress, I'll bet you Josh's life on it You'll get the best prices on a best brands delivery on your schedule When you want that to our window and the best customer service in the business Dalamacris has all the top names you know and love They got silly sort of king coil Simmons temper pedic even stirrens and foster hewitt Everyone around QMS called 1-800 mattress for our beds You ought to be doing the same have a great night sleep for a year's to come By making it one easy call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at macros.com This is sports when you'll fly 60 You way am Dalamacris See their cage looking so pretty They're getting help to deal with the disease In a time you won't have a five-row And just they got a face once they don't need one turn Don't eat one twin don't eat Yeah once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat Once they don't eat I guess you won't be enjoying that fantastic steak Peter Lugger steak house in New York And that unbelievable Peter Lugger steak steak sauce Right, well she you can make a milkshake out of that Peter Lugger steak house New York is number one so far and hopefully only got a few names on air 20-14 votes out of 20 Airmills in Vegas 6 rosewood will in Vegas 5 The line in Jamaica Mon has got two And the rap city of Vegas is got one I think it would have got better if we kept the original spelling Yeah 5-6-7-05-60 best restaurant in the world outside of San Florida Today years where I put one on air since we're doing ones in the past as well Chin Tiki C-H-I-N-T-I-K-I Polynesian restaurant in Detroit I'm sure a long long gone used to be on vaguely street downtown Got it Chin Tiki Chin-T-I-K-I Polynesian Okay Number of a trader fix? I've heard of it Connesian restaurants used to be very big there was a trader fix in San Florida summer For a lot of nail I believe Kind of like the my-kyle, the my-kyle is just a do I dare say a tourist trap Can I say that? My-kyle is a tourist trap Man, it's not in the same league with these other places There used to be another place called the Mona Lowa I believe in Detroit another Polynesian But Chin Tiki was great, unbelievable Never had Polynesian food? Sure, it's great You're all fatting all a lot of sweet and sour sauces and a little heavy duty W-Q-A-M-Hello Q-A-M Yeah, I got a restaurant for nailsball Okay, go right ahead Commandous salad It was orange Inorland's okay, thanks a lot, Poly Alrighty See, Commandous Palettes and Nolines You got a lot of great food in order lean supposedly I guess there is That big fat Paul Poodon that big chef he's there The one you don't know who looks like Tom Deloitte He's a K-Dong He's a K-Dong Just think of the Dom Deloitte with a real heavy Southern accent Okay Maybe New Sidekick for Burr Reynolds 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T And we won't get a lot of votes on this poll Because they're just there are Ziggins and restaurants all around the world I mean the fact that Peter Lugger's got 14 is a hell of a good commenter Isn't it? Yeah So let's go Can stay on the AT&T, can stay on the AT&T there Have a nice steak I'm sure that just like with Chris They probably have some really good appetizers Like those the shrimp Just dripping in that sauce What do they get that barbecue shrimp Mmm Good stuff WQA and hello Hey Neil Yes sir Wow, you know one of my favorite restaurants in the world is a place called O'Donnell In Bethesda, Maryland Okay One of the best seafood places I've ever had I mean I And I said O'Donnell, there's McDonald's or O'Donnell's O'Donnell's, you know O'Donnell Is in Donald Duck Yeah Amazing lobster Newberg I mean you know, you're butter Turtle soup that would drive you insane Turtle soup Yes, they have a turtle soup A little southern Maryland thing It's the most amazing food Snack or turtle soup Oh shit I had just tasted your snacker Yeah And I'm definitely getting one Okay See I know Thanks a lot, how you got it? O'Donnell's in Bethesda, Maryland Got that one down? It's down there Not O'Donnell like a pillow, Donald A magic man Oh come on 5605 Let's see what he did 560 on the AT&T And we're like Oh I never got to the clear channel Think another reason that everybody hits them like poison A group of prominent Bay Area women on a West Coast Including pioneering chef Alice Waters of Shepani speaking of restaurants Is jousting with media giant cheap town communications over a minimalist anti-war billboard They want to unfurl a New York City's time square and flashy ads for waterways shows banks and sneakers Project billboard the women's nascent nonprofit rented in primary real estate on the Marriott Markey hotel on Broadway Then proposed an illustration of a cartoony's bomb Great wood stars and stripes accompanied by the words Democracy is best hop by example Not war and I got a picture right here. It's on our website Third channel killed a billboard The women say their group is nonpartisan the design is pro democracy Pro peace and nothing more but it was rejected Lastly by clear channel spectacolor division which rents up more than 70 Displacent times squares well as by Marriott We're just not gonna run bomb copy in New York City said Paul Meyer Present and chief executive of clear channel outdoor which oversees the spectacolor division on Sunday at the known While accusing third channel of rejecting the ed because the company favors the Bush administration The woman on Friday changed course turning the bombing to a dove They were told they would have a response sometime this week Over the Thursday deadline, looming for them to finalize the design and with third channel suggesting It didn't like to phrase not by war the woman decided to file a breach of contract law suit New York today against rich and all right you go girls The alleged they were never told they couldn't cover political ground The fast moving controversy though took another turn Sunday night when Meyer said he found out from spectacolor officials That clear channel had approved the second design was awaiting word from Maryott which he said is the right reject any add on its facade In the contract they represented they owned these billboards There was never any another layer of approval necessary said by Fong shell a project billboard His married to Orville shell deemed the school journalism at UC Berkeley no kind of orville rednbacher Shelling to other project billboard founders Deborah Rapaport sounds awfully doing a miss any harm in no relation to hardest driver Don Harmon including New York on Sunday morning to go to court and keep negotiating another member the group marine poll jobs I wonder she's kin to Steve job is married to Apple computer co-founder Steve jobs see that I say I ask and I told right there wouldn't the same sentence nice going thank you Man, a lot of heavy duty stuff going on. Can you believe the tremendous response we're getting on that booby trap? You wouldn't believe it take a look at it. We're getting on that website. I'm a lot of votes on the poll because we don't have enough name because I won't show it up But that's okay the poll is just there to give you something to do And of course when you're through with a when you're through a school and you're mass along that booby trap Then you can like take a look at this poll. We only have like a half of us names on here. Peter Lugger steak house 18 air mill seven rosewood grill five after that It's let's get some more names on or what do you say I We're not let's do some spots first I In local We're sports video five 60s You a M Another thing It was a me one of the big star My Yeah, whatever Oh, why hey you What a wife I want You Oh Oh In Oh In Why you why you I want to spend you That I know my smell of Tracchu Thank you But unlike that you You've still got your I feel just like And you are my In Murder And what you do with That's why you are so much Fine It's It's I'm going Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't Don't I'm On Show And You In Two I Can't Do I Don't Right That's enough I I want to hit that guy's I'm not sure Yeah Alive bromine Be I tried To Do you Drop Take in the dm4, okay, so it's stale stuff. There is nothing worse than stale stuff. It's like when I used to play the best and you'll crap all men if you had any idea how I hated that. Alien and the Pope, alien and the Pope, no matter what was going on in the world, I'm sitting there talking about alien and the Pope, right? And the fact that they're doing it or whatever was all about, oh god, and one stinkin' tissue and they can play an over and over again. And then we put George on there to give a change of pace, so we can talk about important things like Schmier the Quir, right? Now we're cooking. Let's put another thing. A lot of these facts as you sent me, I can't cut off at the bottom, the one about kissing my ass here about how I make you laugh. Okay, you got the original? Somewhere. What do you mean somewhere? Well, in the pile of, I've already factsed factses. Yeah, well, whip it out, let me find that one. What does it start with? It says Ray 940 Fox Sports like Air American WQA, which is the reason Tony Bruno and Jim Romar entertaining is they make you laugh, what a concept for a sports show. They discuss other things than sports and rip people at a servant. Other than you know what on WQA makes you laugh. They're all such boring drones that isn't between the 45 minutes and our spots. And that's where it ends. It can't read the next. Really? That's far as you got? Yeah, that's all that's cut off. The rest of it chopped off on my facts copy. Randy Rhodes on tape is there more and more annoying voice than that. Well, Goldie Tommy and the Big O come close. Well, wait a minute. What? I think that the Big O is rock solid. There's no question. If we have to do that one more time, see? I want to hold that up and oh, stop. Man. I mean, I like our rock lobster once in a while, but rock solid. Oh, Julie. We told her that he's head again. What solid? Oh, it says it's the same something here. And I can't read that. That's a sentence. So you must have missed something there. Wow, I'm going to refax it. There's like a whole bunch more. Oh, good. Then I'll read because if you start reading, then we're out of business. That's one good choice you made is not to like imitate because first of all, they hate you when I read the stories. And he said, he said, but if you do it, oh, brother, because you just, you can't read. No. Not mean you can read, but monotone, not or allowed. Anyway, here's the fact that this is I had heard or read a few weeks ago that Howard Stewart will be a monotone point one beginning Monday, July 12th. That was yesterday. I tuned in yesterday and heard nothing, but music. Do you know what's up? No. Anybody know what's up? Nope. Josh? No. Anybody out there? Why? We'll find out. No. I thought it was the 19th. I think it's next Monday, isn't it? The 19th is next Monday. Right. And I'd that's the day I think he starts on 103. Hey, well, promote everybody. We don't care. We're doing this fine. We're kicking ass. The checks keep coming in. They keep clearing all the time. That's all we care about. We're not sitting here pretending. Oh, gee. We don't want to talk about. We're going to promote the era of America. We don't care if you want to hear Randy on tape. Go ahead. If you want to hear Alfred, can put you to sleep. We like kicking a nice CES to after lunch. Man, the stuff I'm hearing about him. Not just from George. Oh, everybody in there, brother. Call my inducing. Pondrous. Freakin pondrous. Anyway, so that's the answer to that. I think it's next Monday. How would on another sorry or not, I went to the Marla game Friday. Even you saw it for a minute. You're sorry. Asshole. Stumbling around on the lower level. He was carrying around the same stupid ass. How sweet it is, sign. We're checking. He's picked you up on it. He's been carrying the game since about 1993. They were running Gilbert Solomon. Still walks among us. Oh, what tragedy? He walks around in the ball games with the Jackie Gleason picture house. Sweet it is. God. P.S., the Franken Show, couldn't be more boring. I'll give it about 10 minutes and bailed out. Excellent facts. Our Englishman and Miami says, Tallyho. He says, any public in lunch serves up better in fresher food than the crap over here. Now, I find that most amusing. Right. Because the brits are famous for crappy food, okay? Robert, Swill. Oh, brother. What does that meat pudding? What are they calling? Yeah, with on the pole on the gross foods. Oh, Jesus. Anyway, it says, if you need the name of the beef eater as many little cases in the UK, so put the beef eater in the UK, okay? If you make this limey bastard happy, he says, P.S., what happened to where the tiger guy never heard any follow up is he day? Well, the good news is, but in the rack of the street covering, the bad news is his boyfriend there. What was his name? Siga, Sigmund, Sigweed, they old or one of them. They kicked him out of something. They split up. They hit a fat. Okay, here's the rest of this law. You're right. Very long, Fest. It's the same boring callers. Why in complaining? Oh, yeah. It's the Shack Attack. Shack. Shack. Shack. Shack. What kind of a carpet do you like? Shack carpet? Yeah. But we do the drug concept spot. They do a great job. They do a check carpet. The same boring callers in wine. It says, it's in between the 45 minutes in our spots. I tried 14, I read less spots, no talent. Boring. I can still listen to Fox Sports on XM set and the internet. I try to America. I'm on the left by really don't need depressing political talk all day. I try to outfank in for five minutes. Boring. See there you go. Boring, man. You're boring. You're right good stuff. But you're not a broadcast number. You're too, you are freaking ponderous. Oh, I'm sure people are interested in it. Especially now we got Georgia on this summer. We're going to make some real big in roads on there. We're going to knock that bag it off the air. You know? No chance. No chance. This is Randy Rhodes on tip question mark. Is there a more annoying voice than that? He says, well, Goldie Tommy and the big come close. Don't be not going to big. Oh, he's rock solid. I got to have that tomorrow morning. I mean, not tomorrow morning. I can wait till Thursday. Right. It says, I didn't have George compared to Goldie. George is John Fesenda. John Fesenda to the NFL games. High-like games and the films for years and years. Great. Deep voice on the frozen thunder of Green Bay. Yeah. That crap. Okay. The bottom line is the. I bet you Josh knows John Fesenda. Never heard of it. You know, Harry Callis? Of course. Okay. He does. He does now because John Fesenda can't do it anyway. You want to know why John Fesenda isn't doing the NFL games anymore? Okay. He's going. That's it. There's a little clue for it. That's why he ain't doing it anymore. Harry Callis is so spastic. This guy's been doing the fully and the eagle games for about 100 years. And it's a, he's just, I can't even imitate him. We're just spastic, terrible. But he's the closest they could come to John Fesenda with a great booming voice. You've got to talk to some of your sports people around there. They'll tell you who John Fesenda is. Maybe they'll even play us some tapes. You know about broadcasting man. You better start getting with it. Hang around with that David and boring. No one of you don't know John Fesenda. Anyways, his bottom line is this. South Florida is a close society with no sense of humor to which I would say you are. Absolutely correct. It says, thank God I traveled 20 weeks a year. And thank God for me. I'm out of there about 45 weeks a year. A. Oh, Canada. Boy, I'm telling you. There ain't nothing like it. On my way to Atlanta today, where the people smile and speak English. Be in California and Vegas later this month. Looking graduation just keep traveling. Maybe that's my advice to all of you. People stuck in South Florida. Keep traveling. Keep taking trips. In fact, if you can't take a trip out of town, Georgia, I'll if you take a trip. He's got some good crap. Thank you. Oh, whatever. The barber shop this morning. Here's one that says for the poll, let Beck Finn in Philadelphia. Sounds like a frog place to me. Can you believe that frog sitting next to me at the casino when's for granted about 10 minutes on a machine? And I just moved my ass off the chair. Just moved it. I just, oh, Christ. Do you use the ball you're getting those daytime games when you're on? You spent it. Doing what? The day games that are on one on this show, the game's well, you wish. Those baseball games, so you get these short show as see. Look what we do as you all look. Look. Let me just say this to you. Okay. Next Thursday, I would rather work the whole four hour journey than I would rather gotten the foreground. Now that it's got to change my life. But just out of principle, I can't stand it with some obnoxious bastards, some frog with big humongous, boofle eyes, it's sitting next to me. And then he's bitching about the fact that I'm the one he got 25 out of bus. The other, the third matching one was done the line below the pay line, you know? Oh, gee, look, if I would have just had that 10 grand, you have to keep a new module piece of crap. Yeah. You want great for you ought to be kissing that machine. You ought to be kissing my ass that I moved it off the chair. You fat frog fart. Look at that. I said all those things and I didn't have to dump any of them. Because that I was thinking something else would be a little like the Dick Cheney word that it's not with enough. Yes. The Dick Cheney word, man. Anyway, what restaurant anywhere in the world outside Florida for us, we should change it or it is or was the best ever. Peter Lugerstake has New York 27. Airmills in Vegas nice choice. They're Josh, I told you eight. Maybe maybe I haven't eaten it. What's the other, there's so many in the MGM. There's one part of the brown derby that's very, it's okay. Do you read the brown derby? No. No. But anything of them Wolfgang Pucks. Oh, that's the one. Very good. How did you know that? Just guessing. Well, and it's kind of a pretty bad thing. They're all out of the place. Wolfgang Schmuck, very, they give you a huge, huge portion. That is big as the runway 84. You're going to get to eat there sometime. I'm telling you right now. My good friend, I friend Derek will set you up at the runway 84. Maybe you're running them over there. Okay. Wait, and the reason he's going to do is, uh, I want to make him an offric. That's right. You're loving it in there. You love seeing all the guys with a pinstripe suit and a funny hat. I got a fedora. I can wear over there. Peter Luger 27. Embles in Vegas. Eight rows would grill in Vegas six. Lion in in the Virgin Islands. For we got the final where that was. The chin-ticking Detroit was great. Three votes. I'm so pleased to see that. See some people with some serious taste. The Spanish palace in all the ins and got three. The rapsity we got at Spelt right and the George has got the only vote. I would have voted for that if I thought of it. That was that was just outstanding. Probably too good was very good like flawless. Yeah fabulous. Really gourmets though. And all of the desserts there. Not that I am in the mood for them. But oh man. And that's why I had my first banana sposter man. Well, I think in a foster he would have been an azilla. I think we had that there too. Rapsity in Vegas said one. A beef eater's got one and that's it. That's our list so far. Well, it's Spanish is relaxed. Oh yeah, Rapsity was pre-moment. I was just fabulous. But I would say the crown of the tropical. Have you ever walked through the tropical where the he drove the parrots in the hallways there, and everything? It's a neat place. I like that. It's a little shaky. And one. It's a little one. She. She. Swishy. No. See, I was just about to talk about the slots again. No, one thing about the slots in the tropical. Yeah. They're either. They're kind like some of the brawl. They're either really loose or very very tight. Yeah. Nothing in the day. No, no. They're like very loose or very, very as tight as a snare drum. 1157 at 5.60 WQA in is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost. Let a wacess outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that wacess outsourcing can cover to help you business be more profitable. All wacess outsourcing today for a fee of adoration in one, 866 at oasis. That's one, 866, 286, 2747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, oasis outsourcing understands of any fast at human resource management. outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to oasis outsourcing. Let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you might have free of aduation with no obligation. Call them toll free at this number. Call 1, 866 at oasis. That's 1, 866, 286, 2747, 4 oasis outsourcing. My life and look all this is for 3,056. 2, 8, 2, 8. This mark, Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M. There's a bio that I've written. Call my wife. About one hour stays, soon Hillary will be better than a million. That's what they paid. There's a chapter on my impeachment and the hefty intern. I'll point in the hall. I got busted for my cheating. Oh, boy. Did my life, I wrote it all, and besides my scanky lovers, there's some crap in there. Call my policies, but those pages won't get notice. So just think of them as a waste of trees. Still I hope you go and buy yourself a copy. So I can sell more than Hillary than you can read about a girl who's fat and soft and she's a little bit more fat than you. Oh, my life, I'm a little bit more fat than you can read about a girl who's fat and soft and she's a little bit more fat than you can read about a girl who's fat and soft. See we sure might say I'm the only one. Yeah, yeah. It's the 12, 3, 5, 60, W, we got another death. But you're not going to know who this is. I'll give you a little clue. How's that? Well, Carl Perkins is already dead, not Chuck Berry. There's all this. Elvis is dead. Legendary Clevelandist, doc. He built Randall who was instrumental in producing out. When you listen, you might learn something now. Besides, a fuzball and a shweer of the queer, coupsball. Now, what is smear of the queer? What is it? They changed the name because of a political and corruptness. Yeah, we like that smear of the queer. Now, discuss this with Joe in his day. They called it, kill the man with the ball. Like somebody would have the ball and then everyone would try to tackle that guy. So he'd be in the end of that point or throw it away. And it would just run around like, it's a field game. It's a field game? Well, no, you play it, maybe. Legendary Clevelandist, doc. He built Randall who was instrumental in introducing Elvis Presley to the American music scene. As died of the age of 81, says WRMR AM. They said his last show was in pre-recorded was broadcast Sunday along with a memorial program. Randall is credited with bringing Presley to American radio. And over the years, he up the careers of dozens of other stars including Tony Bennett. What a shame. Bobby Duren, Rosemary Clooney, come out of my home. Johnny Ray speaking over a fae and fat stomano. My favorite right, fat stomano to the fat want man and Juan Fath stomano. Great. Nobody don't like fat stomano. I bet you Josh don't know who fat stomano is. Sure, you do. He knows him as a notorious B.I.G. Randall arranged in 1955 Cleveland performance for Presley with Headliner's Pat Boone in the box and Bill Haley in the comments. The two concerts only, probably, second gig in the North became part of Rocklore because they were filmed for Universal Shorttitled, the Pied Piper of Cleveland which was about Randall. How do you like that? Doesn't say, yeah, he was 81. If you can't go for a red, but you're falling at police, police, fell off all. So maybe he and Elvis are hanging out together in that big, big control room in the sky. Here's a big and a control room. Here's a fact that points out. Maybe the other person that facts before that couldn't hear Howard was in Dave County. I didn't notice. Because in Dave County 103.1 is a top 40 station in Tavre near in the keys. You can't pick up the 103.1. The buzz from my Palm Beach isn't it? The buzz is a mess. Josh, that's the buzz. The buzz. You can't get a buzz in there. Dave County. Against the law. I'll assure a lot of smoke out there. Maybe that's what all that smoke is from. Here's the right back. Here's a facts from Judy who says, Good morning, just wanted to let you know. I sent you to the tropical candidate with your friend over 10 years ago. Thank you, Judy. Your favorite restaurant is gone. I knew that. The new one is proper candidates called Pietrose, but it's still the same chef. So I bet it's still outstanding. I didn't know that. Thank you, Judy. She's going to hook us up as well. Thank you, Judy. You're the best. Love you. By the way, a push with my husband. I'm moving to Canada. Can't blame you. Oh, and you know something I haven't talked about? That. Because it's my first opportunity. Wait, I'm sure you talked about it at length in between a football and Schmerley Scharzer. Did you realize surprise? No. You haven't talked about that? Which one? About finding Osama or else? Oh, well, everybody's talking about that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I didn't bring it up. It's just out there. When you mean you didn't bring it up. But it's been talked about. I'm just unbelievable. I mean, how can anybody vote for these grave robbers? Assuming we have an election, which we might not? I mean, they're telling the, they're telling the, I shot Mochera for over there in Pakistan. They're telling him, hey, they're Osama by a before the election. There are no F-16s, baby. We're going to make you know for you can't refuse. And then we're going to turn around and say, Yamama, we're out of food finish with that. We rather say Osama, but if he forces to say, Yamama will say it. And then incredible or what? No, very credible. Wow. I got a whole story. It's on our website with new Republic Pakistan for bush July surprise, question mark. Late last month President Bush lost his greatest advantage in his bid for re-election of poll conducted by ABC News of the Washington Post discovered the Challenger John Kerry was running even. I'm a critical question of whom voters trust to handle a war on terrorism. This spring, the administration significantly increased its pressure on Pakistan to kill or capture Osama bin Laden, his deputy, Eman Alza Wahiri, or the Taliban's Moor Omar, Moorullah Omar, all of whom are believed to be hiding in the lawless tribalaries of Pakistan. Kind likely lawless tribal areas of date county. A succession of high-level American officials from outgoing CIA director George Tenet to Secretary of State Colin Powell to assist in Secretary of State Christine Arraqa to state Department counterterrorism chief co-for black to top CIA's South Asia official have visited Pakistan in recent urge prison, perfect, mature government to do more and the war on terrorism. In April, Zalne Khalilza, the American ambassador, all these names are the same to me. American ambassador to Afghanistan publicly tried to the Pakistanis for providing a sanctuary for al-Qaeda and Taliban forces crossing the Afghan border. The problem hasn't been solved needs to be solved as soon as the better he said. The public pressure would be appropriate even in the law to have had it not been accompanied by an unsimely private assistance in assistance that the Pakistanis deliver these high-value targets HVTs before Americans go to the polls in November. So maybe we put these two stories together. You see? If we can postpone the election in November even a few weeks, it gives us more time for their good buddies over there and maybe some of our undercover people to be looking for Osama Yamama. We must find Osama before anybody's allowed to vote. Okay? The Bush administration denies its gear to war on terrorism to the electoral calendar and the two nations have been the same since September 11, in terms of getting a high-value targets off the street and that doesn't change because of an election. The security council spokesman Sean McCormick bought. There's a big butt, back them. But the new republic is learned that Pakistanis security officials have been told they must produce HVTs by the election. According to one source in Pakistan's powerful inter-services intelligence, the ISI, the Pakistani government is really desperate once the flush out been lodged and went and outlets flush them out. And as associates, after the latest pressures from the US administration to deliver before the upcoming elections. Introducing target dates for Al-Qaeda captures as a new twist. In US Pakistani counterterrorism relations to coordinate recently, a departed intelligence official. No time tables were discussed in 2002 or 2003, but the November election apparently is bringing a new deadline pressure to the hunt. Another official, this one from the Pakistani Interior Ministry, which is responsible for internal security explains the Musheref government as a history of rescuing the Bush administration. Now they want Musheref to bail them out when they're facing hard times in the upcoming elections. Oh, a third source who works on the ISI's director informed the new republic that the Pakistanis have been told at every level that the apprehension or killing of HVTs before the election is an absolute must. The last 10 days of July, deadline has been given repeatedly by visitors to Islamabad and during meetings in Washington. I'm aware of no such comments as McCormack. He don't know not, you know? He didn't know no Godfather. And it goes on about how Paul did not commit the US to selling F-16 to the Pakistan, which had desperately wanted to tilt the regional balance of power against India. And Pakistanis fear that if they don't produce an HVT, they won't get the F-16s. Equally, they fear that if they don't deliver either Bush-ray prospective curb administration would turn its attention to the apparel of Pakistan's security establishment and facilitating their illicit proliferation network. One Pakistani General recently, Washington confided in a journalist if we don't find these guys by the election, they're going to stick this whole nuclear must up our f***hole. How do you like that? He said, right up our f***hole, meaning, right to him, right? Stick it right up our ass. And a public suspect, and why isn't the media screaming about this? Why are the Democrats screaming and curing on like crazy about it? Oh my God! What kind of a bunch of whips have we got? We don't have a two-party system. We got a no-party system. The party's over, baby. Oh, by the way, what's your name? It'll work at the Cox anymore? What's your name? You're a good friend, Cheryl. Oh, she doesn't? Thanks for the message, Cheryl. She called enough to another message. And I'm still not going to call you. The party's over sweetheart. That's my opinion. I'm like, does it? Oh, man. What a business. We got stupid talk back on 940. We got the call at his back. W-Y-Z. We got everything you're supposed to have something you might want to listen to, okay? Wow! On tape. What restaurant anywhere in the world outside of South Florida, the best or president or past? 88 votes. Peter Luger 33. That's a lot. That's in New York. Emerald's in Vegas 10. Commanders, Palace in Knowledge 10. Rosa Grillon, Vegas 8. Lime in in the Virgin Islands 6. No blue in New York. Where did that come from? Dave Hagen called that one in. Thanks a lot, Dave. And thanks for the tip on stupid talk. Man, that Dave Hagen. He's got his thumb right on the pulse of it. You know what? Oh, no. Especially if it's kosher. Novo in New York 4. Chintikini Troitz got three. Rapsity in Vegas 2. Man, it was so good. Rapsity. V-Feeder in the UK has got a pair. La Vexton and Philophe's got two. And O'Donnells in Maryland don't have any. Are you sure that that's uh... Are you sure? What it is? No, we're not sure. Well, uh, let's find out. My life and law for all three to support radio 5.60. That was for you, Scran. Absolutely. In my videos, see my lashes tell me. And then I'm new Lee with a show how dumb of long can be. Growing and I'm showing why keep these both tough things up. Even though guys want them just nick lusher gets to stay. My love, so my grass will get. My love, so my grass will get. I got a great idea. I just had an inspiration. If WRA effects of slosh fourth can change callers every year. And they're back to WYNC. Why don't we change our callers to WTIT? Okay, then. Can't you just see the promotional possibilities there? Probably down at Shalainlubby, I've said about that. That was a bucks argue with you, but I like it. I follow down at Shalainlubby from what I hear she might enjoy that a lot. Really? She don't like we got balls, but she might like WTIT. And John Asked probably won't like it. We've got a lot of books for you there on our website today. We don't just have our usual picture Connie Salaf is there a very fine picture for many years ago. But we also underneath that we got the boob's a lot. Something for you to play with. Well, hopefully they already got that. But at any rate, just drag your mouse on it and the long it and the round it and up and down it. And all over the place. Just here, I'd have too many, you know. Right. Shrek your cousin's Israel offense. Is Israeli singer David Dawore complained over a reference to him in the Hebrew translation that he said he had implied he had been castrated. Kind of like guilty. The animated comedy had one character threatened to amascally, another by saying, Let's do a David Dore on him or reference to the singer's voice. Like guilty. Is Israeli distributors told BBC News online. They've been that they had changed the remark and new versions of the film had been sent to the cinema as a cross-israel by Sunday. The film intensity present me in perpetuity is a unique. A man with no testicles and termined were laughing, stock-misted our tool and Israeli newspaper, and a legal hearing on Monday. But by then, the distributors L.R.M. 2000 had a week to change the controversial sentence to, Let's take a sword and new to him. Spokeswoman, Nathan Benzvi told BBC News online, Ms. Benzvi said the judge had accepted it. She said they met. No offense to the singer represented Israel at the last year of vision song contest. We received what we wanted and the movies were switched in the audio. Since if they viewed the US-19, Schreck II has become one of the 10 top or successful films that a tension record box of his figures for an animated film. I'm sure Josh is going to see it. Not. Did you tell me that you went to see Schreck II? That's it. No. Because it'd be very good. Yeah. I'm sure it's like, because you'll have to have a spanking. Duff told me that if you... Next time you pull, these are going to come in there and personally give you a spanking. Right over his knee. That's what he told me this morning when you were out of the run. Now let's see for our pull. Let's get some names on his pull. I got a few more here for you. Here is one. I wish I could change my vote. The Prince spaghetti house in Boston. Oh. Now you're going to say, well, how great could it be? I could put that place in Alan. Alan, great could it be. I went from the place in Rome on it, but I don't know the real name of it. I'm always raving about by the Starmuch of a whole hotel. Oh, my mummy. Is that it? It's so good you could cry. My mummy! But the Prince spaghetti house in fact, what are they? What was it? Two-tier Wednesday is Prince spaghetti day. The same. Who is the one? Whatever in Boston. And if there were Prince spaghetti houses, it was a shame. All over the city. A man. They had like 60 different kinds of pizza. I mean, of spaghetti. With the sausage with meatballs, with this, whatever. It was fabulous. That's right, gained all my weight. That's why I got fed as a cow. So anyway, let's add that on. And also, we got a couple more. And you're right. You're right, Rick. I'm so sorry. I apologize. I got to have that clip also Thursday morning. Okay. Along with. Right. Well, that thing is a panic, isn't it? Wow. I never thought I'd laugh at anything he said. Oh, Mahana Brasco, home of some of the greatest restaurants ever. That great Midwestern meat. And I'm talking about the food, too. Okay. Roses, they cows. Omaha. Got it. And there's one that gives it a run for the money where they had the fried ravioli's. Oh, have you ever had those? No, that sounds wonderful though. They had fried ravioli's and they bring it like little tomato sauce, little hot tomato sauce and a for dipping sauce. Oh, mom, momia. Today, there we go again with a food. Just while I'm doing well. Mom, momia. Mr. Sees. Mr. M. R. Pirate. See a poster fee as I got a spell orcas Josh a little bit spelling a challenge here today. Did I? Mr. Sees got it in Omaha. Oh, it is a it's probably even better than animals. I know that comes to great shock to you. The fact that animals is tied for a second place. I don't think I right there. So I take I take that back. Maybe you've got a good point. Plus I can't stand him anyway. I just look at him and I want to go. Bam. Peter Luger steakhouse 39 in New York. I'm never eaten there, but man, everybody just raves about it. They said you can't touch their meat. Emeralds 12 in Vegas. Commanders Palace and no leans has moved it up. Fast it's got a dozen. Rosewood grilling Vegas 10. The line in the Virgin Islands has seven. How do you like that? Aren't you surprised? I am. Noble in New York six. Be Peter when you came five. The Chintician Detroit three. And a big fin in Philadelphia three. Rhapsody in Vegas three at two. And her Donald's in Maryland. Finally got one. So that must be right out of it. We only got 100 votes because there's only a few names on there. And if I show up and take some calls, we get some more, but I'm having too much fun. Well, you know, when you're only on two days a week during these summer months, we don't have that much of a chance to ramble and just to rip everybody in ads. I've got some things like that. Wow, what? Somebody QA in. Hello. Yeah, burnt steakhouse, baby. Good one. How could I forget, man? I apologize again. Vroom steakhouse in Tampa. That's not South Florida. Where do they want to say South Florida? We're talking about date, bro. I'm probably South Florida. Yeah. Vroom, now you've been there, have it you? No. No. No. Holy moly. And now he's dead. Burnlacks, you know, that's because he died early because I said a million dollars worth of business over many years when I was in W. snooze and I won. I've never forget that time I went there and met him and he gave me the tour of the place and said, well, I never tried to repay a kindness with all the kindness, but accept my best wishes. In other words, he was still going to charge me for the freaking me. And back in those days, I wasn't making a big box. You know, a nice free meal at the burn steakhouse. Would have been a nice, nice gesture on his part, you know? That would have been cheap pasture, but now he's dead. But anyway, now they also got this big dessert room upstairs and it's different from when I was there. And you pay by the pound. You pay by the weight of the steak. Oh, that was the steak. All right. No, not by your weight. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That boy walks in there. They put him on that meat scale. That'll be $4,000 for dinner, Mr. Ruffman. Yeah. That's a good idea, though. That is a good idea to be in fact, they should do that. I'm going to be free. And courage, you too. Yeah. That's a great idea. Oh, but there's a Sunday brunch that I go to every week with a friend we've been going for a long time here. And if you could see there's one guy comes in there. How he sits in one chair. How he puts that huge, large ass in one chair just beats the crap out of me. He did just enormous. And he comes back from this, I don't know how many tips he makes to the buffet. Not third man on the brunch, but he comes back and I'm his plate. He's got piled up all of his bread. Okay. Do you know what I mean? I mean, I guess he goes there to like keep up his bulk or something. I don't know what that's all about. The good thing about his heft. It's kind of disgusting. Any buffet you go to, like our friends at the Amel Coast, you can go there in the food is great, but you'll see some of the customers there. Any brunch or buffet. There's always a bunch of huge, quirky people there, load them. Just what they need. I can't begin to tell you what a difference is. I don't want to sound corny or over emphasize this. I just have, I just lost my desire for all that cram. It did just went away. Maybe because you're so depressed. Yeah, that must be it. Can't you tell? That's right. You can't eat your sober, you've got to try it. But like PD Lenny said, thanks for the card, PD Lenny. He's the only one on the staff present or pasted Senate card. Thank you. Thanks for the flowers Greg, even though you're out of town. PD Lenny sent a nice crisis. He hopes that I find peace. Well, I think I have found peace of... 26 past noon at 5. 60 speaking of big fan guys, summers here, but are you still embarrassed to take off your shirt at the pool or that nice skirt you saw on a window? I'm not wearing it. So what are you doing to finally lose weight and feel better about yourself? Well, your mother can't die every day, so here's maybe the next best thing. You have to take advantage of that sounds bad, isn't it? Meeting bad. No. Like I said, here's the next worst thing. Take advantage of balance for life. Who would have thought that you could have three meals in two snacks delivered your door daily and still lose weight? And don't forget the beauty is you get to pick your meals each week or get a different menu with two selections for every meal. No other company offers this. Pick out your breakfast, your lunch, your dinner and two snacks. That's it. No cooking, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting. You'll lose weight fast because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, Kim to DJ Sears and Brian Sears. And Gene too, Western peace. For example, menu choices this week are portable and provalony omelette, Veal Marcelle and crabloe cell. Are we sure this? Because this is last week. Is this this week? Oh, it's this week, sir. I'll take your word for it. Oh, it's the 14th, but it's the 14th of June. Nice going there, Troy. You idiot. Oh, brother. We got a sales staff or what, huh? They put the the Troy. They put the ST and stiff are sales staff. For example, menu choices this week are whatever they might be. How can you call that dieting? People on balance for life lose an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying. Plus for a limited time get a free pedometer when you sign up. Just stick it on your ankle. Track your steps and increase the weight loss. And now try their special seven day trial never tri-offered before. But you can do it by calling one eight six six two two five forty five forty three. One eight six two two five forty five forty three. And don't forget if you try to all the other diets in your first rating, you just can't lose an ounce. This could be the answer you're looking for. It's a piece of cake. Check them on a web if you like it. Balance for like dot com or make that call. One eight six six two two five forty five forty three. Five and the local. Six five six three. Three of those yours. A QA. Are you happy for me now? I want. Will be when I'd be in talk to Tim Rossard. Send that is gonna get into the race. John Terry's crying. Trot the youth smile in. Around later, he's getting right up in their face. Around later, he keeps on running. Democratic party is really a bummer to get around later. He's on running. Don't you? You can see the victory coming. The rap they don't get on the spot. Democratic luck going to keep on falling again. They don't have a father and a half. Gonna make him. Three one rap they just gonna make everyone up tight. Well he can't get elected. But the outcome's affected. I have to run. They just don't run. Democratic party is really bummer to get around later. She's just a staggy old pool is what he has. 1233 27 to one and five sixty WCM. That's good news here for you. Statewide poll released on Friday shows. He wrote in support for President Bush among Cuban Americans. And could open the door for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry to make inroads in that community. According to the Latino think take the connected to the survey. You know there was the Latino think tank? I do know. The poll done by the William C. Velzquez Institute probably came to Jorge Velzquez in his son, the John and the Mirror Ram group. MIR. R.A.M. The Mirror Ram group has in Kushmir and Taukes. A New York based survey research firm found that 66% of Cuban American registered eligible voters in Florida support Bush. That's down from the estimated 82% who voted for Bush in 2007 on Toneau Gonzalez president of the Institute. He'll present anything. There was alarm going off. A danger signal for the president Gonzalez said this is a very important constituency for him. 82% down to 66. Oh my God. Because Bush won the 2000 election by 537 votes alleged in Florida. Any decline in support by Cuban Americans traditionally largely Republican extremist voting based is seen by many as they threat to his reelection effort, which is why they want to postpone a election. They'll do anything. Maybe they'll be like paying their pants anything they can do to postpone it. Until we can find Osama or somebody who looks just like him. The findings echoed those who are appointed earlier this year by FIU and partnership with the soft floor to Sunson on WTVJ Channel 6. Is that NBC 6? Okay. I hate when they do that. Can't stand that. That survey showed that 58.4% of Cuban Americans in Dayton, Broward County said they definitely are probably would vote for Bush. That's under 60%. Totally in Moly. Gonzalez said the Kerry campaign could woo away a significant number of Cuban Americans. But the poll results showed that even if Bush lost about a third of Cuban Americans supporters, those supporters are not necessarily in a Kerry campaign only 16% of those pulled supported Kerry, but nevertheless, if they stay home, right? It's Bush and going to get in. They're going to have to like fabricate with a bunch of dead people voting. Most of those pulled were registered voters and the rest were eligible to vote. All of his bonnet's were from Florida. The majority from Dave County, somewhere from Tom Beats and Hillsborough counties. The poll was conducted by the Cuban American Commission for Family Rights and Organization that opposes the Bush administrations newly implemented travel restrictions on Cuban Americans, which only allows Cubans to travel Cuba once or three years, and reduce the list of relatives on the island that they can get government permission to visit. Most of those pulled said they approved the new restrictions with 50% saying they strongly approve among those who disapprove about, but third man said they strongly disapprove. Alvaro Fernandez, president of the Commission, said most registered Cuban American voters are older exiles who tend to prefer a tough stance on Cuba. Fernandez said his group aims to register new or Cuban American rivals who are more likely to travel to the island. How do you like that? No, my, no, my, no, my Bush. Now what says, rules in Vancouver, eh? We'll Cal take you word for it. Let's get it on the list. Rules in Vancouver. I know you want to go to Vancouver. I heard it's beautiful. I do want to know. I got some fabulous weed out there. Everybody's smoking out there in public. A lot of fairies. Yeah. That's what I'm hearing. I'd like the new fairy that Rochester Toronto Ferry. I thought that was you. In fact, they when they came out with that thing, people were asking me. Why do we need another fairy? Don't we have enough here already? What's your new man, old man? Do we ever buy six, seven, oh five, 60? Palm five, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. You can't even imagine. Do you know they had a million people in the Pride day March here on a week ago Sunday? A million. A million. Yeah. And not one incident, not one episode. I mean, there were a bunch of fruit case running around. Make it, brother than that. No shootings, no nothing. Was that the one we had to call her? A vanifestial coming up later on this month. That might be a horse of a different color if you've heard that expression. Yeah, we'll call her. WQAM. It's not there online. I finally see. I sneaked in online. I had to pick it up real quick and they're gone. Not a good move. WQAM. Hello. Oh, huh? WQAM. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. How's that? Oh, his line nine again. He's back. QAM, hello. Hey, I got a restaurant to add to the list. Yes, sir, please. Okay, calling from Lansing, Michigan. And this one's for Neil. It's coral gables. You're not where you don't even have to order food. You can just go through and eat off other people's place. Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal. That's not still there. Is it just going on gone? Oh, yeah. Still there. It's still there. Oh, absolutely. All right. Thanks a lot, man. Absolutely. Kroll gables in East Lansing, Michigan. People in Florida are going to see that. Oh, Kroll gables. That's a city, not a restaurant. Right. I'll say it again. Back when I was in school, back a hundred years ago. Michigan State. That was the place. I don't know if they still have the record. I've been doing it for more. Bottle beer every day in that place. The need place in the world. Can you believe that? Why is that I wonder? I don't know. A lot of drunken college students, I guess. I prefer my big half gallons of mice to brown myself. I used to smuggle into the dorm. But at any rate, well, I had a lot of gym bags to carry, you know? Used to make a lot of clinking sounds. A lot of bags. But on a weekend, that place, Kroll gables used to be so busy. And then what the guy here at me tells a story. And he knows it's true. You would eat, you have to wait so long for your pizza and for your food. That every now and then being college punk, that we were, plus it again up beers in you. And you'd start taking the leftovers from the other tables, you know? And you won't, won't be the worst you could possibly catch. Like, syphilis or something like that? No, not from food. Herpes. Herpes? Maybe, I don't know. Already had that. WQM, hello. QM. QM. Going once. Going twice. Like, different places, other places. No, that's food. What would you make out of there? No, they were just listening to the radio. Oh, I see. WQM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? I'm falling, I can't get up. Okay. Ha ha ha. Back in the box, mom cut it out. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. First of all, I'd like to thank you for that website, because it is a life-line to reality for the past three years and train. It's your husband, especially today, with all of my boobs on there too. Sort of a shock, but yet not shocked. That one of the stories are right on your website concerning our listries number two. I mean, that in every sense of the word. Yeah. I'm not sure if you're going to train these indictment in a French court and subsequent looking into by the Securities Exchange Commission. Right. Not a word, not a breadth of it, and any news outlet period. I talked about it last Thursday on this show. Well, I'm saying it. Unfortunately, how many people have I got listening? Not good, man. It's it. You know, that's the way it goes. I just, it gets worse and worse. Anyway, carry on, Neil. We'll see you at the border. Thanks a lot, Paulie. We'll have a welcome. I'll come in for you. And some of the great Canadian bacon, eh? I wasn't really like how more made about the US got bored. It was about nine years ago. And we made that movie, and they invaded Canada. Okay. Yep. That was all over the world. Sounds familiar. Oh, yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 20 to one. We got the Mad Dog at two. Oh, right. You got the Humperage Four. And then you got the at seven o'clock to crow because it's all star game night. You know that Norma Ketsethy all star game. I just said it about that. I am now. Ah, two words overgrown child. When you shop for quality footwork, great selection and professional service. There's only one place to go and adds brandy shoes and poppin'o. At brandy's, you'll find the biggest selection of men's and women's shoes, which is why people can go back a year after year after year after year, plus the best in service and unbeatable prices too. That's a big part. All the top things in the shoe business that you know, or lover waiting for you at Brandy's. Rock forwards, spirit, SAS floor shine, civil and naturalizer and lots more. It would brandy's humongous selection. You can bet great reads life on it. Whatever style you want is in stock in your size right now ready to slap on your smelly feet. Brandy's is open every day Monday through Saturday 9 till 9 Sunday's 10 till 5. And you'll find them in the same great place that have been going strong for about a long, long time. 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompatobiech. It's always worth a trip from anywhere now. Is a great time to buy those fantastic new balance shoes this week at Brandy's because all men's and women's stars are 20. How can you beat that? So come into the store and check them out online at Brandy's shoes.com. We're sports video 5C4. Do a M. Holy Macanot! This is Joe Bowen, the boy's with the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God! All right! I have no life. She was a model. A 10 on the scale. Was a fine teacher. Her methods were held. The world was her oyster. But Debbie got nails. That's why this teacher is a tram. That's a movie. Her lover was 14. With sits on his face. Oh my God. Their chauffeur was 15. He drove him all over the place. Oh my God. Shame on you Debbie. A newlywed disgrace. That's why this teacher is a tram. She is a drop dead gorgeous blue white angel who likes their middle school boys. They were her toys. In a back seat, came her defeat. She will never be teaching. She will now be a vamp. That's why this teacher is a tram. Talk shows and comics. All over the screen. That's talking about Debbie. And her young teen. Followed by tattoos. With some Chinese in between. That is why this teacher is a tram. She'll make a million on her first book. Are you sure? The TV movie will have a saw hook. Her 14 year old lover. He made her a crook. That's why this teacher is a tram. Larry King. Lennon Mario Bros. She'll be doing the show. That's the light she chose. She's losing. But I food. Sweet Debbie Love Faith. Please heed your call. Please won't you teach me. Our range the grand. Come on, baby. Please be my tram. When we get the naked pictures of Debbie Love Faith on our website. We got a couple of facial pictures of Debbie. Well, one good one. Let's get them on there. Right by our booby trap. This Englishman and mine is very offended by what I said. Well, two bad. Because earlier he's semi-to-facts about the beef eater. Put it on the polls. I said British food is. And it is. It's like Dutch food. Dutch food is much worse than British food. It's real. It's 100%. Yeah, right. Nobody goes to Amsterdam. What about we said? And people go to Amsterdam for two things. Thruugs and sex. Right? Okay. Well, I'm just telling you from 80 groups and a lot of experience. Thruugs and sex. I don't do drugs. So what does that leave? I'll put it in. That's Amsterdam. Amsterdam. Okay. The food there is pure garbage. Now, this guy says you really offended me when you said our food is crap. What your food is? My idea of a good meal isn't stuffing my face for three hours. And an ordinary restaurant or sitting McDonald's. We fill in my gigantic soda 12 times. Over here, it's all about eating as much as you can and greed. Well, that's true, but we haven't had a lot of great restaurants. That's why this country is filled with some of the most disgusting obese people on the globe. Certainly no obese British men are there. Like that wine's. That's why I'm Churchill for example. Now, most of the British people are skinny and pasty and looked like they just went through Auschwitz, like the Dutch. And as for George's Port yesterday, you should have put chicken on there. If the people in this country knew what was in the chicken, they eat. I hear a tea with a top to list. Chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken all the time. It's easier. Do you really believe there's enough chickens to be this overweight country? Know that chickens are pumped full of chemicals and crap and fed fates of feces to fattin them up. Lovely. Should have put that on your pool. Then served to us. Ask yourself this why why are females in this country sort of helpless such an early age? Not like that in Europe. You see girls over here getting their periods when they're eight and walking around like a fully grown woman by the time they're 12. To which everybody in America says. Oh, right. What's that to like? It's very sad that there's nothing that can be done. But if you're ever in England, go to the beef eat or have a nice English supper and you'll change your mind. First of all, will I ever be in England? No. There's about as much chance of my visiting England as there is in my visiting Israel. On a scale of zero minus infinity. Okay, I give it a big point. Yeah. It's slightly safer in England. Oh yeah. Of course, thank goodness that their meat supply, that their food supplies nice and safe like with that mad cow. Yeah. You can check it over in English cow any day. Yeah, or someone who's other delicacies that you people eat over there like that spotted dick and all that other crap and the bangers in mash. Oh, God. Fish and chips and tot in your whole. Oh, brother. Even Richard gear gets up so when he hears about that. Maybe you know why. But they have those bug eyes. Like they got it sat down to man and the casino next to me the other day. Oh, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, not the A. I mean, America, I don't care what anybody says. I haven't been in Asia so I can't talk about there. But of the places I've been there a lot of things in America to criticize. But of the places that I've been and I've been a few quite a few countries. America's got the best variety of food anywhere. Sure. The best choices. There's no plan in our tied in food certainly. It leaves much much better than no question. But you're not going to get a great stake in Italy. I haven't found any or not that I wanted it. But I'm just saying that's not their bag. That's not their thing. If you want to tie in food you go to Italy for the best. But as far as a country that's got phenomenal Chinese food and any at the group you name, Dutch German, right? Right? Because we got them all over here. Right. So don't be a sour crowd. Okay, my British friend and tot high and whatever. Which up? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. And how's that man calcum in by the way, huh? In fact, I think one of those summers was about three years ago. That was an Amsterdam for the whole summer. Remember that? Yeah. When you're wife pulled that summer surprise? Yep. Or maybe that was the July surprise that article was about. But anyway, that was when they had the big man calthing and everybody even in Holland was panicking because the abrits are right there across the North Sea. Well, please don't let any of that nasty British meat in here. I can vouch for that. WQAM, hello? Hey. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. How you doing? Okay. Listen. Yeah. It's time to print the bushes. Yeah, okay. Great. 560, 560. What was that Billy Shears? 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Line 9's ringing WQAM, hello. How you doing Neil? Pretty good. Hey, best restaurant I think is probably greened off and in. That's in Cape Alutra. And I think. It's somewhat? Cape Alutra. It's a sunny island. Cape Alutra. Alutra. Oh, Alutra, okay. Yeah. It's Alutra. Probably the other one's got to be Domonico's in New Orleans. Okay. And we can't really cork these out. Alright, excellent. Thank you so much. Time to zoom. Hey, might not hire him David Ross. At least to put a little humor there on your day 940 on your stupid talk. Alutra. Yeah. You got it? Okay. Wait till I see how he spells that. I think it works my back. ELUTHRA isn't it? I don't know. I'm good at spelling, man. I am good at spelling. I'm good at spelling. I'm good at spelling. Oh, boy. Peter Luger's steak house in New York. His number one, the best restaurant outside of South Florida all-time prison past. Is or was, right? That Eric Man, he is, uh, is better. All the terrible things you say about him. I think, I like I'm just just drop some little hit in the man. He is right on it. It's a laborer of love, man. Peter Luger's steak house is when it hands down. Man, I wish, of course we got all these New Yorkers, you know. Now Josh said he was in New York. Where do you see? He went to some skanky club. Scores. Oh, no, good club. That's right, because we're going to be doing spots for them. So we got to say it's a really great place. I thought you went to some skanky place. Like club 54, which I'm sure is long out of business. Scores. Right, did you score? Yeah. No. Well, I went to, well, what's the point then? Because there is a lot of sex in the champagne room. Oh, damn it. What a bad break. Oh, and you didn't get to Peter Luger's well as only about how many thousand Ray restaurants in New York? I'm 30, man. Say what you will. Just like I said about the US. Say what you will about New York. So man, there are restaurants there. And I haven't been there in a long time. I have no desire to go there because if I want to see a lot of Jews, I can go to a sunrise. But it's just amazing that number of Ray restaurants. So I'm sure you didn't get to Peter Luger's and plus it's the way out of your budget anyway. 46 for Peter Luger is what I great stake saw us. Burns stake house in Tampa 19. You see Burns move up the list from nowhere. Oh, it's great place. It's fabulous. Now see, you should go over there. Yeah. You're going to take your whole family over there to Burns and let Greg buy a nice dinner. It's a leestie can do for you for all this hard work you do in all summer long. What are you laughing about? Or just take your girlfriend over there to get the family. And we'll send Vegas 17. Rosewood, Grill and Vegas 15. Commanders, Palace and Noilines 15. No boo in New York has got 12. What is that? We know that. Yeah, it's owned by one of the iron chefs. Isn't it a Japanese? Yes, it is. Well, sounds like it to me. Well, I mean, what kind of people do you think? I mean, what kind of people eat the Japanese food like, like, Reg Reed? So I'm saying it to me. You like Japanese food? I don't know why you hate the Japanese. What did they ever do to me? I don't hate the one that I ever say that. They can put it to their food and you've never had any. Yeah. Well, I like the brits, which I do hate most of them. I have had their food in its garbage. The Japanese, I don't know, probably then they're very obedient civilized people. And they just goose step right along as to many of the food is. And of course, the Chinese that's, wow. Did you see the thing that on the, on all the, Oh, man, all the rip off stuff, those Chinese, you've got to watch out. We're going to be our undoing. You think? Yeah. You think? Lime in the Virgin Islands 9. We got 400,000 Chinese people here in Toronto. You don't mess with our Chinese friends. All right. Nothing could be fine of them to see your body on Spadina. But anyway, Lebeckfin and Philly 8. Befeiter when you case six. See, there's six post for you. Limey Bastard leave Malone. Prince, we're getting house in Boston five. Oh, this is so great. Chin Tiki Detroit five. The Coral Gables in Michigan. I mean, couldn't you put East Lansing in Michigan? Jesus, a judge? Like you don't know from East Lansing? Three. Perhaps any of Vegas two. Rossus, they cast it on the hog two. Oh, Donald's in Maryland two. Earl's in Vancouver. When a Mr. Season on the hog don't have any. It's got, it is on American. I'll say it right now. That is common. It's inspired. No, no, no, no, it's for Mr. Season. Those fried raviolis and fantastic stakes. Prop 57. And I, and you know something. You can talk about food from now on the other time. It's just gone. I don't even fear that it's going to come back. My sugar addiction, it's just gone. In fact, I know, I think I know where you could find it, too. Yeah. It's in the box with mom and that still pepperoni pizza that just goes in. And over. Hey, if your carpet looks like hell, here's the answer for it. I do what I've been doing for over 20 years in a whole number of homes. And other people have been doing for even longer than that because dry concepts has been around in town for 25 long. Amazing years. By the way, thanks to our French dry concepts this. And I sympathy card. They're thoughtful. They're nice folks. They are. So, call dry concepts today and sanitize your home. They have certified technicians. You can trust in your house. They will dry clean your carpets. The likes of what you have never even dreamed of in your life of the Inherven us these people before. The stains go away and they don't come back. Even the filthy as nastiest most hopeless looking carpeting. They'll make a look and smell and feel just like brand new. And beware those 5.95 room scams. Those scams are just because they'll rip you off every time. At dry concepts is not a chance to rip in your off because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing that fantastic work. And whether it's your carpeting, your area runs, your oriental runs, your drape, your pulse, where all of these things. Dry concepts use your rapid drying techniques. Your carpets are dry in a couple of hours. And you can really clean today and entertain tonight. With over 20 years of continuous service in town, you know, you can really depend on these people. They can do a fantastic job and like I said to the guaranteed price. Give a call, toll free. You'll never dream of calling anybody else when you do call. Ask him to put you understand by a list which can save you next to 15% off their already. Unbeatable price. Call 1-800-248-5071-182-48507-1 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com. This is for 20-80. You weigh a dime. Hello, these are Deloys. And you know, what would be this thing to arrange when Mirage is a one-two hour? Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm. They see they'll keep up all their inquiries. Until they expose all the secret seeds. Don't wear not hearing what they want to hear. There's no one talks while under over there. Is it truly FBI know about the oppressed? Did CIA make judgments that they now regret? Faulty anti-terrorism policies. We just need more answers from the men who's keeping to know. We need to know. What was new about 911 we need to know. We need to know. We need to know. You really slip into it, are you? We need to know. CNN has been hawking away on his day for the last 15 minutes. Post associated with some of it in Cali. Al Harbi surrenders to the Saudi security officials in Tehran. They're schlepping around in a wheelchair. Cali Paul Harvey. They can't fight Osama. They said he'll do. Page two. Exactly. So there you go. I don't see on the there's a big red thing breaking news on the CNN website. I don't see on the budget report yet, Miss Fudge. You better get your finger out of your uh... Back to get with him. Of course he ain't listening right now to watch anyway. He's probably under with the old the Frankenfire. Bad news for all of us dog lovers. Greece to gas 15 thousand dogs before the Olympics. No matter what old saying, I'll be aware of geeks bearing gifts. Right? Experts in fact uh... what they used to say, Greece beware of Greeks bearing back them. Experts fear up to 15 thousand straight dogs will be poisoned before next month's Athens Olympic. So the city looks pristine. Well, isn't that lovely? Remember that we'll be with John Stockwell pristine about that car? Right. Authorities in the Greek capital fear the son of Pax roaming the street will damage the country's British show its modern and civilized. Yeah. We're really modern and civilized. We just gas all the animals out there. Maybe if we have any street people will gas them too. Greek animal welfare groups say slaughter of the city's estimated 15,000 Strasis started 80 dogs have been found dead in Sardonia. I'm sorry. Sardonia is uh... the Tadiano. Uh... Sardonia is a coastal resort where members of the British team are expected to stay. Sardini excuse me. Be the Spiachi. One animal welfare activist said there's been a big increase in poison. Things we expected to rise sharply in poisonings. David Bowles of the RSPCA International has been helping to train Greek officials to catch and treat Strasium mainly. He said we're seriously concerned that thousands of dogs will be poisoned so Greece can show Athens as a pristine modern city. It would be our barbaric and sobbing. Yeah pristine and modern. Even though it's things like crazy there and it's filthy and filthy as hell. And nobody with a brain goes there. The only people who go to Greece are the islands. Meconos. Places like that. You what? I said that's where all the uh... Ma decoines go. You can not see anything on that uh... on that uh... The Fudry for yet. That is embarrassing to me that CNN will be like a half hour ahead of her. Wow. Talk about the Don is slipping. Okay. Maybe this is Fudges slip. I'm seeing on there right now. 560. 560. The best restaurant of all time outside of South Florida. President passed. Povity QA in hello. Yes sir. Yeah. May I speak to me? Speaking. New? New? Yes. Uh... I had uh... First the best um... restaurant in Europe. And then uh... Uh... I'd like to put into the best uh... restaurant. A Thai restaurant in America. Yes. Okay. And Europe, Los Angeles and Paris. I speak Paris. I do. But uh... when the roof opens up and the food is extraordinary. How are we spelling this uh... L A C E R? Right. L A S S E R. Oh I see. I see. Uh... I see. And then uh... Yes. I L. And I D L L M E D O. On 50 second between 50 second and 50 third street. You're there in your New York City. Okay. I'll need a thank you so much. What's this? Grascius? Are we there to you? So. Do we? We do come down again. I see you're not going to go. He can't help but that he sounds like that. Oh yeah. He'll need a. And I was in New York. Okay. We're going to meet you. At least the uh... answer the poll. I can't help but maybe he was in the John Kerry Speak. Five or I'll. Where was Elliot? What? Where was Elliot? New York. New York. New York. Got it? Just. And the other one was in J. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Q AM hello. Is it me? Yes man. Um... I'm having um... What about the favorite um... car from a TV show? Favorite cars from a TV show? Like I mean, car 54? Yeah, like the grand serenal from star-skinned heard that kind of thing. Yeah, David the hassle-hoff. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I was always in a big fan of the show. How about that car on uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... Duke's a hazard. Get over it. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. I call it back when he grew up someday. Five six seven. Oh, five thought it was a lady and it was on a little kid. Well, it's uh... kids are out of school now. Right? Yeah. Kids are out of school. I got to have something to do. We certainly want to make very sure that none of you kids out there go to neo-rodges.com If you're not at least 18 and have several pieces of ID, don't even think about. Clicking that thing on there under right under John Askcrofts. And look at all them booby pictures because God only knows the punishment you're going to updo in hell. You could bet your life on it. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. The Philippines are bailing out by the way they came in over that truck driver. You know the hostage that they're going to be hit. And it said, oh no, please, please, please. Pretty pleased and they okay. So I guess they're going to let him go that uh... whatever his name is. What's every, don't know what his name is. The truck driver. Flip. Yeah. Flipy. There's a lot of flippies here, man. There's a lot of everything here. This is an amazing place. You just uh... we would be lost. You wouldn't know what whether his scream read a banana. I'd uh... he both. WCWM hello. Not there. Not don't like that sound. WCWM hello. That can't really, right? You suck. That can't really, right? It was like that. He's practicing for the sports shows. All right? Just relax. Jack and Jack and Jack and Jack in the big shack attack. And yeah. Really terminal really pondress. Although I'd said, tell one thing, be good pulled for tomorrow, who's got a bigger head, shack or your rose. WCWM hello. Not there. QAM hello. Is this George? Yes. Hey George, I got a restaurant for Neil's fall. Okay. In Chicago, Gene and George Eddie. Gene? Gene? Is that like, Gene? Yeah, Gene, E&E. And the second word is George Eddie. G-O-Might Mart. It's George Eddie. Okay. It's off of Ohio in downtown Chicago. Gee, Neil might have heard of it. Great, great, great old Italian steakhouse. All right. Thanks a lot, George. Keep up the good work. We'll do. I'm thinking of myself, you know, because everything seems to, don't forget to tell me what that guy said. What? About Gene's in George Eddie. Oh yeah. Hey George. Don't be interrupting what I just had a brainstorm. I'm thinking of myself if these people were smart, what they would do is they get a whole enormous can because even though he may ask me that, well, I'm thinking is that if I'm going to continue this deal, another like maybe three, four, five, six years, I think maybe like during the summer two days a week we're extended like maybe June July and August. And during the rest of the year, like Monday, Wednesday and Friday, we like just flip flop. Okay. Don't you think that's a good idea? Sure. I think that's a good idea of me going back every day five days. I don't think that's going to happen. Can I get paid? Well, of course. I'll let them take a chunk out of whatever their paying me. I've got a few extra bucks in here somewhere. You see what I'm saying? I think that's a great idea. A record course luckily is out of town, so he won't be here in that. On the other hand, probably is here. Oh, gee, who you say, you know? Oh, my God. Because naturally he's trying to feather his own ass because he knows that I walk out the door for last time. He's asked, I'll be right behind me. I'll be looking over my shoulder. Trust me when I tell you. I'll be having a rear view mirror clip to my cat. So that's something to think about, Dup, okay, and clearance. Something to be deponged or get yourself secured for another couple of years. Because I could handle like two, three days a week. That's fine. Doing this crap every day. I think, no, no, it's just you got to be a lunatic. Would you agree? Oh, no question. You have to be a meanie. Well, I mean, especially, you know, I had that thing with a table in there. I had that collision with my dining room table. We were like two colliding forces here. Then it was like having a car accident. Right. And I still have like, you know, I must have like a minor concussion or something. They still have like, uh, and it's going to take me weeks. Right. Maybe that's why you don't remember any of those games we were talking about. What? 12 minutes after one at 5. 60 WQAM. Hey, you're on the right station for games. Baby, it's all the game. Oh, real good. People can be a way to. That's right. How about a little Schmier the queer? Hey, when you're here, looks like somebody smear you bad. You know who I'm talking about? Absolutely. Yeah. If you look really like a clown, here's the answer for you. Charles Alfieri has been doing it right for guys for more than 35 years. He's been on Good Morning America. The today show CBS Morning News. He's been all over the universe because his patented hair system. The natural hair line system is the best going anywhere. Charlie's new skin like hair system is so good. It is a hundred percent undetectable. And Charlie gives it a 30 day guarantee. Why is her system you try his piece for a month? Just try it for a month. And if you don't love the way. Listen, feels and smells. If you don't look better than you ever dreamed you could again. If the women and guys and everybody little animals are just crawling all over you. If that isn't happening for you, then just return for a full refot. And don't forget Charles Alfieri. Also, services and repairs existing here. Systems, including shampoo and trim. So don't delay. Call Charlie Day and change your life forever. Forget about the pills. Forget about the muskrats. Look like a mench called toll free. 1-800-3212413. That's 1-800-3212413. Or check them on that wicked web at CharlesAlvieri.com. My life and local. We're sports-rineal 56-U.A. U.A.M. Think, if conventional sleep issues with settings like gentle rain and bathing brook don't help. Get the John Kerry sleep machine. It laws you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a John Kerry political speech. I used to toss and turn for hours, but now I just turn on my John Kerry sleep machine. I International Strategy is centered on an arc of light. And before I know it, I'm surprised to be here. The John Kerry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from text reform. My new payroll tax credit was yours. And getting so sleepy. We're going to die today. To the economy. Before we can lay the foundations of economic pursuit. As a complete foundation. Get the John Kerry sleep machine today. And with any luck, you'll sleep right through the election. I'm John Kerry. And I approve the John Kerry sleep machine. Available where only I sleep machine approved by John Kerry. Let me say something. One 18 is five to please do on the speaking of Schmere the queer. That's a Bush administration's favorite game now. Isn't that all the other stuff that's going on in the world? And what are they bringing up this week? Constitutional Amendment to band game area. Oh, right. Good timing. Right. You fake it to get nippity. There you go. Saudis and how is it that CNN got this on their website? Miss Fudge put a link on there, but this is going anywhere. You must be in progress. He must have heard me a bitch in about. I was going mad. You're really slipping your old age sweetheart. Probably got that big hat on too tight. But he's also got a gigantic hand. Joe Rose, a shack and misdraged. Who's got the biggest heid? Want to get them all together? There you go. I don't think Joe wants any part of a misdraged. Maybe shack. Saudis have been lawden aid surrenders. Across the social media about cutlet or salami mom who didn't lot with flown from Iran to Saudi Arabia all day. After surrender, the security officials of the Saudi embassy in Tehran. Khaled Al-Aharbi, they show him here in his wheelchair, just smoking on in there. Was believe we've been living here in the Afghan Iranian border. Video aired by the Orberg television network Al-Arabia, two days ago. Al-Aharbi, whatever the Harvey, Paul Harvey being carried from a plane in place in the wheelchair. Al-Aharbi's believed we'll fall with bin Laden against Russian forces in Afghanistan about 20 years ago, Saudi officials believe in return to Afghanistan in the 1990s. Joena Pudal Kada. In late 2001 he was identified on a video tape conversing with bin Laden about the 9.0 news of the surrender comes after a Saudi amnesty offer in late June for Al-Qaeda fighters to surrender with a naman. And Robert Waxler was on a CNN about a half an hour ago, just ripping the Saudis and Bush and asked, nice going, Bobby Waxler, you go boy. How about Bobby Waxler, for President Damit? He's great, you know? He's good? Yes, he is. Outstanding. He's also trying to make sure that your vote might count as a lesson if we have an election. A couple of votes, I don't have time not going to read all this boring stuff. Electronic voting critics sued, doubled under whistleblower, law on San Francisco. Critics of electronic voting are suing, doubled in, under a whistleblower, law of the company's body, building equipment, exposed California elections to hackers and software bugs. California's attorney general on the lawsuit Friday was filed in November, but sealed under a provision that keeps our actions secret until the government decides whether the joint of plaintiffs law makers from Maryland, the California are expressing doubts about the integrity of paperless vote internals made by several large manufacturers, which up to 50 million Americans will use in November. How do you like that? And Florida's relatively new touchscreen voting machines targeted as a solution of the state's 2000 presidential election meltdown didn't perform as well as the machines that use an order technology during a statewide election earlier this year, according to an analization by the Sun Sentinel. Records from the March 9 Democratic presidential primary show that votes were not recorded for one out of 100 voters using new ATM-style machines. That sounds like 1% to me, I could be wrong. That's at least eight times more than number of flawed votes cash in the same lesson with Pistol Mars on paper ballads, touted by an optical scanner. Experts blame Florida's political leaders for embracing the relatively sophisticated touchscreen machine before they were perfected and made more user friendly. Fifteen Florida counties now use touchscreen machines, including Palm Beach, date and and... I'd be like that. What I have bought these men in December 2001, Broward chose a 17.2 million-dollar touchscreen system over a pencil and paper system press no more than five million earlier that year and made Palm Beach County, Greedepay 14 million for touchscreen compared to three million for the simpler system. What I have bought them, no Broward election supervisor Brenda Snight said about the touchscreen's. We started a supervisor after the machines were used. Were we too fast? Yes. In fact, who will... What have been the election supervisor in date County and Broward rather during that time? Who's on trial right now? Maryam? Yeah, there you go. You go, girl. Far away. Speaking of girls, here's a facemconic Rick who's just, I mean, just... I think, get a life Rick. I have no life. Your good friend Lynn Samuel says blasting your website on serious for all the girl look at the page Davis and be the curtain. Maybe she's got the hospital page Davis, partly. Or maybe she's on our booby page. I did. Also, it says Mr. C's has one vote. And he knows the connectively as well. Well, that's good. Thanks for reminding me of that Rick would just to get a life. Your Omaha's got great food. I'm telling you Omaha's a place that would really surprise you. You'd be shocked. What restaurant any in the world outside of South Florida is or was the best where you had the best meal, it just was like orgasmic and then some. 278 votes. There are 220 votes. Very few votes because most people have written these places, right? Right. And plus I'm babbling and babbling andcessantly. That's okay. I'm enjoying it. Peter Lugherstake has New York 52. Burns Stake has in Tampa's kitchen up close 45, which I'm sure. And I might have a chance in winning because it's so much closer, right? Right. You got to go there. So take Josh over there this weekend. Not this weekend. The next weekend. All right. Commanders Palace in New Orleans, 20. Well, I mean Hank was always taking his producers out to lunch. All of them remember that? Yeah, he did that instead of buying them cars. Commanders Palace in New Orleans, 20. Emerales in Vegas, 19. Rosewood Grill in Vegas, 17. Well, and by Josh at Carfer, Cranow Loud. Yeah. Yeah. By my, what do you say that they'd Lamborghini would be good? He just parking his driveway. You never drive that damn thing, but at least impress all the hot shot girls. I got a car here for him. Now, but Rosewood Grill in Vegas, 17. Noble in New York, 13. And he's, is that a sushi place? Among other things like stakes. Oh, hi, Anthony. Japanese do make really good steak. They have been really, hmm. I hope you're reockey-cramping. What do it's solved by the way? That Cobi V. is supposed to be the best. He's on trial. V. F. E. 11. Lyman Virgin Islands 10. Lebeck Finn Philadelphia 10. Chinticky Detroit 6. I'm amazed that many people remember. That is, in fact, he just went to seven. As I said that. Prince spaghetti house in Boston 6. Two days spaghetti day or as a Wednesday. Prince spaghetti day? Wednesday. What's the answer? I don't know that. Ericsson. Well, how does he know? Apparently, he knows. Well, I think with Eric every day is spaghetti day. O'Donnells in Maryland 5. Rapsity in Vegas. Rapsity is got three. Crowle Gables in East Lansing 3. And Eric didn't change that. For Michigan to East Lansing, please. I'm so embarrassed that just as Michigan. Because that letter that when you say Michigan, people think of an arbor right away. The University of Michigan because mad dogs always talking them with Michigan. Oh, right. Fair. He, uh, an arbor's for glam. Mr. season. Omaha's got two now. Rills and man. Hoover's got a pair. Ross's stay cast in Omaha too. The green dolphin and a couple of three. One. Gene and Georgia. He's in Chicago. One. That's a guy that called in obviously. And I'll need to in New York to have any yet. What about? Sarah and Paris. When I put it on there. Who? The, when you went to coma because that guy was so boring. Oh, that guy. So forget he only gets one. He gave us the other one. So forget about us. I'll let frog food. Okay. Line nine. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes, sir. God. Speaking. Great. A couple things. Yes. Yes, sir. For your full, uh, fish bones. I don't know. Orlando counts. That's like the northern end. Yeah, it's okay. Fish bones. Fish bones. Man, you have you ever gone there? You have to go there. It's worth going to Orlando. Okay. And the other thing is, uh, who does your, uh, the bedtime story's research direct for me? Me. You. In fact, I'm glad you asked because even on the days to show you what, uh, what a, uh, what a, uh, cold, true, or campaigner I am. Even though all summer long, even on the days when Georgia's working, I'm still doing the stories. No kidding. Yes, sir. Keep up with the good work, sir. Okay. And, uh, thank you so much. And have a great life. Yes, sir. Thank you. Thank you, pal. He just didn't want to leave you. You know what? He wants to emotional about it. He didn't want to say goodbye. I'm sure you've known people like that. Haha. Yeah. No, he, but that's, that's a good point. I make is that I'm working my ass off. Dang, but believe it. Oh, I mean, you know, it's been a few minutes. Every single day, even on the days when Georgia's doing the show, I'm, what do you think of that idea, mind? I think we really should pursue that. Yeah. It's great to do. I could work until maybe 65. You know, in a piece of cake, but every day, and too much, too much, too much, too much, too much, too much, too much. Clarence, can't handle. I'm an old, dottering fool man. I don't want to wind up in a box like, like, ma, well, maybe 91 would be, okay. Don't you think that my, my sweet tooth that, that neurotic part of my brain, that's been, it's probably right in the box there with her. There are level 1 stun. By the way, thanks to the nice people of level 1, then the fabulous job in Hollywood. Very good job. Very professional. And thanks to the rabbi who never, even met my mother, but obviously was the nice bright. I didn't hear it. I was there. Yeah. Well, first of all, why did we, why did we have to have like a Jewish funeral? She was as Jewish as I am. You know, it was a, it was a, a dietary thing. That's true. I remember the funerals are for the living. So therefore, yeah, they're going to have a cat. So that's why they got to put that, they have to be put through that excruciating thing, is shoveling a shovel full of dirt on the casket. And I thought that the years ago, they stopped lowering the casket into the ground. I thought that they just let the deer on that lift and then everybody walked away. And that's how they did it in our family, but we're not Jewish. Well, that's how you're supposed to do it. It's civilized. I mean, when people go crazy is when they drop that thing into the ground. It's like the final eye. I don't know. That's when they start losing the coffin climbers. Like quasi-moroid mean. Hey, if you're on the Ankeens diet, South Beach sugarbusters are it. Any low carb sugar free diet. The lights of West Focus help thousands of low carb diet. Is achieved in weight loss goals. You know, today's shop and for the right low carb product is almost impossible because everything on a shelf claims to be low carb now. Everywhere you go, this is low carb. Well, I guess what? Lothanet stuff is going to help you lose weight. In fact, a lot of it will make you gain weight. Don't sabotage your weight loss goals. Come into the lights of West Focus. I'll help you stand the right track with hundreds and hundreds of the best tasting lowest carb products. And you can try anything the store before you have to shell out an AKASH in diet. They've got a staff that knows low carb diet inside and out in the open every day. Till 10 in the PM. Don't forget their guaranteed lowest price policy on all. Atkins, Carvalide and PewDiePie products. The lights of West Focus will not be under so. You'll find the lights on the Northeast corner. Glades in 441. Right next to Boston Market. A column toll free at 1-877 low carb. Or check them on a wicked web at low carb.com. That's what they W. L.O.W. C.A.R.B. Delights of West Focus are really is the one and only official Atkins retail sales. And I'm the big. Oh, what's that stand for? Or does it? No, that's just short for Orlando Bloom. You don't look too. No, no, no, no. No. Now Neil's going to rip me for four hours. I've been asking you since Chris confidence. But in case you wonder why we're here, Joe got suspended. Joe got suspended. That's what the glowy. Maybe we should take this call from our special guest. Roberto L'Ongo. Hi, everybody. You know what I'm the voice of the pants that's now? Just an answer that squeaky boys guy that goes about all the time. Oh, no, no, no. You got me confused with a character on another show. That's not me. I have children, you know. I have a funny name. I'm gonna go to the show. I'm going to go and stop. I'm going to go and stop. We're going to get into that right now. So no, no, no, no. You're going to be on that. Hey, Joe. I don't watch the work and I don't even just think about it. But just think about it. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Come here. I'm going to crush you and then look into the window. One, thirty three mad dog get to a clock. You as military not a rake is behind the topic of the statue. I had that on our website last week. Did you talk about that? No. Nobody knew that because in one of the books that I was recommending. I can't remember which one because after you read 40 books of the same stuff. You got all blends together. And remember I talked about Christian. I'm on board just happy to be there with her. See an end crew when I was going on. Just can we conveniently happen to be in that spot. That's a quink. Right. I always book a was it was the, Let me go to the home page. It said paperback. Okay. No, I can't even think of the names of the name. We're just one moment please in Ontario. It was. Not that one. Yeah. Spitting on the access of evil. There you go. By Scott Taylor. Anyway, US military not a wreck is behind the topic of the statue. In other words, there's no more conjecture about it. This was in the LA Times last Monday. We go yesterday. The US Army's internal study that were in Iraq criticizes some efforts by its own Siyah units, but one spur of the moment effort last year produced the most memorable image of the invasion. As the Iraqi regime was collapsing at April 9, US Marines converged on fertile square and central Baghdad, set up an enormous statue of Siyah Hussein. It was a Marine Colonel not Jewish Iraqi civilians, as was widely assumed from the TV images, who decided to topple the statue of the army reports. And it was a quick thinking army Siyah obtained that made it appear to be a spontaneous, Iraqi undertaking. After the Colonel was not named in the reports selected the statue was a target of opportunity, the Siyah obtained used loudspeakers to encourage Iraqi civilians to assist, according to an account by a Siyah team member. But Marines had ripped an American flag over the statue's face. God bless them, but we were thinking from Siyah school that this was just bad news. The Siyah member wrote in the report. We didn't want to look like an occupation force in some of the Iraqis we're saying. No, we want an Iraqi flag. Somebody produced an Iraqi flag in a Siyah surging quickly replaced the American flag. Ultimately, a Marine recovery vehicle toppled the statue with a chain, but the effort appeared to be Iraqi inspired because the Siyah team managed to pack the vehicle with cheering Iraqi children. How do you like that? All right. What you see is not what you get. Usually. Just put that. Of course, there was CNN going right along with a, oh, carry 48 bush 45% in Michigan's real close in Michigan. Two close when you say, for comfort. I would settle more like for 98 to two points with some, but I would say, yeah, me. Government intervention, not just a better diet and daily exercise is needed to combat obesity. Public health advocates and government officials say yesterday, I do want to say one thing. All right. And I know it's going to sound, well, 100 things. It's going to sound very insensitive. You see, you know what they don't understand? It isn't, it isn't the method. In other words, there is one of us who's been fat for many years who doesn't know how to lose weight. Right. And what not to eat? It's doing it. It's how to be able to do it. That's what they ought to be centering on more is the mental aspect of the whole, like this thing with me. Or I just, just all of a sudden, lost my whole sugar craving. You just disappeared. Once I got the monkey off my back. I mean, once I had that tragedy in my family, see how it works. Once you get over your grief, you'll be back at it. No, no more crap for me. You know, the crap is what makes you fat. Even the late restaurant reviewer Peter Clayton, I used to tell him if you just quit eating so much crap. You'd be in better shape and he just wouldn't do it now. He's dead. Remember Peter Clayton? Nope. I've told you about him. Poor from you, yeah. He ate a lot of crap. With about 400,000. And you know, that's attributed to obesity. Speakers that they roll obesity cumbersome. I said, come on. I can't stop thinking about that. That's disgusting. A combined effort from the food pharmaceutical and healthcare in this reason, conjunction with the federal government is needed to shed society's extra pounds. If we don't do something, we'll have a horrendous problem on our hands, said US Food and Drug Administration can make your lesser Crawford. Their relation to Keith Crawford drives once in a while in Michigan. 64% of the US population is over way to rogue bees. 64%! Not right. How do you like that? Public advocates of the, well, I, British guy was right. Because the idea is, poopercise it, poopercise it and make it bigger. And even at super talk, everything has got to be bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and not better. You wait till you see the numbers they're going to put out. Man, you're going to need to mount Palomar telescope to see those. I call it David Ross and PD Bulger, you idiots, you morons. I'll say it again. We all know how to lose it. How to do it? That's another story. Follow what I'm saying? What are you saying? Quit eating a crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Like doing today's show. Sam, I'm talking about all these great restaurants, great meals we've had. And it is making me the slightest bit hungry. I, the other hand, and so is Josh. Yes. We're hollowing over here. Yeah. So I didn't order some food when Zach worked that one week. There was food coming in there. What was that one place, Josh? The joint. The joint. We had the joint. I've been working on them for a long time and they won't respond. Yeah. Well, it's like they're not there when Josh calls him. Maybe they're avoiding him. I don't understand what that means. I'm missing something. I was like, like during the, you're, your whole week vacation. I kept telling Josh to call them. Apparently our contact isn't there or is never there. Well, then how come they send food in when Josh and Zach were there. Maybe they don't like you. Maybe. Maybe Zach has the connection. If it's involved with food, Zach's got it. And I don't care what any of you say. I've been thinking about it for at least 10 seconds. He has he has some kind of a a vocal problem because of that weight. He can barely speak. He just, he just makes sense. Wouldn't be the food. You're in your responses. You've got a husky voice. He's got a husky body. Not a husky voice. And as a result, he can barely speak. Like that. It's a lot of weight on his head. Exactly. There you go. We want somebody that's rock solid. We don't want somebody to talk like that. Rock solid. That is. Just when he got, Man, he gives me the willys. They he be. He's not even Jewish. Brother. Funny till 2 at 5. 60 WQM duek up every morning in a crowded bed. I only wish. Between the kids in the dog and the cats is no more muskoyum. Well, research us say today shoppers are choosing bigger mattresses because of overcrowding. And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattresses for ready for a meaty delivery than our good piezons and dial a mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can do it right now. You get a great mattress at the discount price that's unbeatable. Only dial a mattress delivers 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day, 7 days a week. Dial a mattress continues to be ranked number one in the world. A customer status. Actually, we're winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture vessel in support. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get the best prices on the best brand. Delivery on your schedule. You picked the two hour window when convenient for you and they show up then. And the best customer service in the business anywhere. Dahlama Triss has to complete line of silly sort of king coil Simmons temper peed again. Stearns of bananas foster and man, apple and his foster at Rhapsody was so good. Everybody at QM including yours truly will call dial a mattress for a year's now for our beds and you ought to be doing the same. Log out of their website 1-800 mattress or column full free 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES. My life and love. This is 4-2056. 2-way of 2-way. Paracelove the watch bobs and bots and biking. All across the country deep in a reading beef within her. In the radio Texas, the thing of family's being poisoned by bad fuzz. In Milwaukee, stand cleaners, choking to death on a water fillet with your ear. And in kiddering name, the John Zins are watching local gene advertising. It's not says a lifetime of eating burgers as blockers arteries tighter than a hangman's news. At the end of the day, nothing kills so many people in so many different ways. Beef. It's what's for dinner. Possibly your last year. 1-45-5-60WQM. What we got so far the best meal you've ever had, best restaurant outside of South Florida. Burnstake House in Tampa has moved into first place. It's a battle. They love their meat, man. We got two steak houses battling it out. I bet you if we could put Ruth Chris on here, which we can't cause there is a soft Florida institution. And they have like two locations. They were that other, Paul. They would kick their ass. I mean, Ruth Chris, I don't care what anybody says. We got one here that is so the best of all of them right here. I mean, they got two invagas to their very, very good at the restaurant. And you'd say, well, what's the difference? Men you, men you are different. More items, more selection than my whatever. Burnstake House in Tampa 57. Peter Lugherstake House in New York 56. Command is Palace in Knowledge 25. Never heard of it sounds pretty good. Airmills in Vegas 23, Tony Josh. Noble in New York 18, Rosewood, Grillin Vegas 17. Beepie to win the UK. The beepie to UK has got 11. How do you like that? Aren't you shocked? No. The line in in the Virgin Islands has got 10. The Beck Finn in Philly has got 10. Tinticky D. Troy 8, boy those were the days man. A lot of sensational meals in that joint. Prince Brigadier House in Boston 8, O'Donnell's in Maryland 7. Coral Gables East Lansing, see that air he's right on it now man. After I threatened him with bodily harm, four. Rhapsody in Vegas 3, Ross's steak house in Omaha 3, Mr. Season Omaha 2. Rules in Vancouver 2. I remember Earl's drugs in Rochester in the 12 corners. Monroe Avenue in Winton Road. Remember? Oh that is real. Not too far from Ghana Bobbs. Where used to be? Oh how about Don and Bobbs? Hmm. I might get on that ferry. You know what? Again. Seriously, I'm the Toronto to Rochester fair. They haven't had all kinds of problems with that thing. Number 1 being that nobody from here wants to do it. Rochester went hell with it. So I might get out if there was still Don and Bobbs man. I would go there and just just for a full time sake. Man, that is good stuff. Gene and George Eddies in Chicago has got a pair. Green dolphin in Cape Alucre to El Nito in New York 1 and fishbones in Orlando just went on it. It's got only 269 votes. A lot of total because most of you have eaten in these places and maybe you can find you know, when you go to one of some of these places, you'll check out some of these joints, right? You'll check out a joint. You're right back. How about the victims? Are they still in business and for a lot of them? Remember our fine spots as the winners? I do remember our fine spots. There's still a business in Rochester. Maybe I would go over and check that out. What do you think? No. I'm the ferry. I've been in the ass party but as you've got to go through the whole custom thing and everything it's just a pin in the ass. How about a QAM? Hello. How are you? Pretty good. Good. You're caught about your restaurant full. Yes sir. Someone who's never been to command their palace. I still have to read it high because we've gone to New Orleans and we were recommended to go there. Right. But the owner, I guess his name was Brenner, he owns several restaurants in the Noon area. Right David. Yeah that's his signature restaurant. And the day we went there, he passed away so that's what they used for his weight and everything. But I heard it's real good but locally I don't know for Emileenos. What is it? Emileenos. Oh, Emileenos is in the by the gateway cinema there yeah. Yeah yeah so he's a very inexpensive place for good food. Multibany. Okay thanks a lot. Let me go see you. Okay yeah and I'll buddy the bream. We like plugging at place and I'm still pissed off that the one in plantation is open anymore or Davey whatever that part of town is. Peter's Road University plantation. What is wrong with people? Maybe there are places that are I still understand it. People are such crappy taste. Place opens the food is fine is outstanding. The prices are moderate and just I don't know. Location. I try to tell Jeff Cohen. I once upon a time remember our friend Jeff Cohen. I do. From the world famous pizza law in Davy. Let's set that pizza to your mom. It's in the box. 5-6-7-05-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T and for at least at least no of those people showed up there. That was the good news when I got the whole report. I got a detailed report. None of those interlopers who didn't belong there showed up there which is very nice. Also kind of bizarre that I didn't for all the flailing and gnashing. I'd regret we did send the biggest bunch of flowers there to the funeral which was nice. But I didn't have one sympathy card from anybody who works inside of our building. Now some people you know made a comment came in and said something they out across the line here like before to show now. That was sufficient. But it seemed to me that if there was such concern and such gnashing and carrying on, just like I didn't talk about that it would be nice to simply be card with suffice. I mean what I get a sympathy card from PD Lenny Knowless who works at 850 up there in Palm Beach for that Tashmendric up there. Whatever his name is Steve Lappa. He's just another Lappa dog up there. We're going to his old buddy, Default. What does that tell you? Lots. WQAM. Hello. Yes. The O.P. Hello. On your restaurant bowl. Yes. A restaurant in Swansea, Massachusetts with some oligazzi used to work. It's about three miles from where he lived. His specialty is Prime Rib and a three and a half pound big stuff lobster stuffed with lobster. And we'll send it to Beth Lops in the United States. Yeah. And if people let it off the back to England area, if they're over it towards the Cape, there's a place to go. The O.P. was in Swansea. Swansea, SAA, SWNY. Swansea, we can see that on here. Nobody will work. What city is it in? Swansea. Well, that's the name of the city. Yes. That's the name of the restaurant is the dearest de Milo. At one time it used to be a 40-lane bowling alley. It has gotten so big they can burn the whole bowling alley into restaurants now. Okay. They use it basically to bank which but they keep a special section of fuel for public people coming in with it's not a wedding or a banquet going on. What's happening at the restaurant again? Venus de Milo. Oh Venus de Milo, okay. Yes. And it's a grill, I guess they even the embal says it's a greatest lobster. Well, I'm gonna say it's a how could you go wrong? Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. See. Venus de Milo in, what do you say Tommy Schwanz? Swazie. Swazie? Swazie? Marci de Varshwazie, erkinada. That's a French word. Swazie. Oh, I see what he's. Oh, so it must be spelled CHOISI. See who was saying it kind of like an iglesia way. Swazie. Right? I'll take your word for it. Well, I think that means choosing. Marci de Varshwazie, erkinada means like thank you for choosing erkinada. And the reason I know that is because they put that fraud crap at the airport. Marci de Varshwazie. Oh, I don't even like saying it. I feel like clean just even saying it. I'm talking on fraud. And then that fraud fart that sat down at that machine the other day. When's $4,000 on a machine? I mean, my breath was still on a glass. That's how close I was a man. If it would have been like some nice person like a nice lady or some hot looking young guy, and it said, OK, great. Nice job. You know, we're going. God wouldn't. There's still been peo. Well, I can drink. 151 at 560WQA and hate the deals are heating up now. On the 2004 model year is winding down. Tare that old gas, guys, where you're driving? You want a new car truck that'll give you dependability and reliability. Then you need to get down to Armstrong Toyota Homestead today. You'll find them on US one, 20 minutes south of the 36 minutes well worth the drive, because like I always tell you, they're going to save you thousands on new Toyota's. Right now, Armstrong Toyota Homestead's cleaning out all the remaining 04s and passing savings on the U.S. and 04a. Camry, L.E. today and 48 month list as 270,000. With no money down. Looking for a great truck, how about the Toyota to come a 4x4 can be yours and get a $1,000 cash back from Toyota? Looking for the out is new cars around? Armstrong Toyota Homestead is locally owned and operated. They'll do just about anything to make you happy, Camper. Their service department has even over late till late. We've done so to make sure they get all your work done for you. And these books were the first thing there's anywhere to offer your free tires and batteries for life. Now that the first to offer your free replacement parts for life, I'll say it again because it sounds unbelievable. It's true. Tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else would be doing that. You won't get a better deal on Toyota anywhere in South Florida. No bait and switch, no phone details. Just low prices every day, 365 days a year. See the GM David Richard Armstrong Toyota of Homestead today for an unbeatable deal. Like I said, it's only 20 minutes out of the 836, U.S. 1 and 293rd Street and Homestead. Grab a little and save a ton of new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. Next did baby. The F-bomb came out of Tini's mouth. The F-bomb came out of Tini's mouth. It is wrong, but he's not back and down. The real regrets are common for him as well. That's the sentence he used. Must have been hurt or hurt and hurt. Don't hesitate to me. Out how the bird can out of her hand. Because if you do feel that, let a curse work for birds live. That curse works, that. We should know when the ratings of no keep it zip at hit hit. The street messes. You know the battles must be near to start your yard. Start the CPR except the mountain mountain park. Chini's mouth is really getting felt. They look well fed. The T-L-1 house. Seller verley. He don't you think on R-B-P. He showed us this. We don't win. T-L-E-Drop T-T-H-F-B-M. Okay, whatever you say, 157. You know, I planned a guy called about that Chini's story. Okay. Because I did read it. I don't know what they always. Let's see. This is the day. But I'm going to just do this couple of paragraphs again. Because a lot of people didn't hear this. This is devastating. Vice President Dick Chini faces criminal indictments for illegal activities. While CE, a vendor G-Gian, however, and also illegally intervenes to cure a $7 billion No-Bid contract for his former employer after his election to office. The Vice President is currently under investigation by first authorities for bribery, money laundering, and misuse of corporate assets while at Halleburton. Also faces a U.S. Security's new change commission probaby. $180 million dollars slush fund that may have been used to pay bribs. Those who have read the analysis say it presents a devastating case against the Vice President concludes that Chini is violated both the spirit and intent of federal laws on conflict of interest. Even worse, Chini faces indictment by a French court on charges of bribery. Money laundering, misuse of corporate assets, because of fraud. Associated with a constructive a $6 billion dollar petrochemical plan built by Halleburton and Nigeria in partnership with Technip, what are France's largest petrochemical plan?