Bonjour, we are about to end our challenges! Come pick the phased crab boy! And we're on the sandbox... No, let's say.. No! 1. 1. Oh no, no, no-no! I think I did it again, I got really bombed Then married my friend Oh baby, I was not when we went So I don't know if it was come to my den I might lose, help my mother, me Cause I did it, sign up for you now I told my lawyers, I got one again I was having the best So I keep it with Justin Oh baby, baby, I said that I do I had to my school I can't hold my liquor I got one again Last time I did that I kissed the dollar Oh baby, baby, I bought a few cars And married the door I said, and there he is Oh no, no, no Ten O2 at 5.60 WQAM Happy Thursday to hear what a circus this is The one who I hate being here, you know? I'm straightening it all out today Okay, now I'm serious Including that dog and pony show with more of the other day outside I'm going to straighten all of that out Get out of here, Skippy, Ron here, doing a radio show You shmuck, go ask Ruth Skoran Oh by the way, I want to take a leak in there this morning You said you're right, she'll do anything Who said that? Skippy, she said ask her way and is one wild bitch He doesn't know He said there isn't any act that any human beings ever committed sexually this you won't do That's what he said He's going down the list Yeah, back to Anyway, this whole business I'm coming to work this morning First of all, I find my new close personal friend Mo is not on this more here guilty Who's revert into a third childhood Maybe guilty is going to be their new baby Maybe we'll just pop out and be guilty, Junior You think? Eh And then they's going through the thing about Well Mo is in here and Joe is suspended Joe Rose was not suspended Kimbo Camporal, we'll be back on again Tomorrow, you know, we've already got more than Love management running around here We don't need anybody else conducting Wild eye, desperate that we've already been through more Embarrassment in the last couple of years than anybody it deserves Especially with Ferrell So when you start talking about, you know, somebody being suspended For some crappy allegedly said on the ear People on the audience are thinking, oh, there we go Oops, they did it again, you know, that kind of crap Well, nobody suspended nobody You know, just do the best you can Kim and your own usual And one thing about this radio station See if if the guys have an already played on the team They're working for Wayne So if you expect, if you expect any kind of like Objective, I prefer like Mo and the Mad Dog They're on the payroll of the dolphins, are they going to rip Wayne? No, are they going to rip the Danny thing? No, of course not The Humper, he's got to interview the coach No matter who it is he does the coach's show Whether it's Wands Dad or Jimmy's John Cider So he's not going to rip them in an ass That was fun And so basically what it boils down to is you got maybe a couple people Like the big going on the payroll And me who of course is supposed to be the anti sports fag Uh, what I know the way it is But these people suck in Wayne's ass man I wouldn't surprise me if all those zits They're transferring from his pussy was butt You know what? Just the idea of sucking Wayne's ass I bet you screw in would do that too When's the bread? That's what's give he said He said nobody in history in a history of mankind has ever done anything Sicily that that bitch wouldn't do He had a big smile on his face when he was saying it to And he was shaking it a little bit Anyway speaking of shaky so Joe roes is out of time for a couple days visiting his dad or something like that And these guys can talk to all of these theory tales about all well He suspended something he said on the area yesterday It's it's be it's back to the days for long suffering QM audience when every time default would go on vacation Default never had a vacation till the last one I guess Right the permanent yeah But he never had a vacation it was always oh he's in rehab He's out there in Vegas. He had to go to rehab clinic for his gambling problem It was just this corny then as it is now it's just awful. Oh no it gets funny right? Yeah Come on Oh And since I've been so honest today I don't know whether I want to reconsider that whole thing that happened the other day I don't I don't know whether I'm always out sick today or what the deal was or just didn't feel like coming in But I think I've been had you know I've heard that before I've no I'm sure it's I think I've been had it by the best I think if somebody came in Here house with a knife and stabbed you and then went around the house and stabbed your kids in your wife Yeah, and then we're like bleeding on the floor and then like a period of time later the same hurt like your mother for example There's a good sure and came back a few months later and said, well, you know, I'm sorry and I was wrong you tell her get lost bitch, you know I just I just don't know that I can after all the mean mean is like childish I mean just means spirited horrendous brutal crap that's gone down here because I happen to be back in town for a few days and happen to have an encounter in a parking lot Does that mean I'm gonna like you know and then of course after it would have been fine, I'm gonna be real honest with you I'm not gonna put on any act I'm gonna tell you no, seriously because this place inspires me It's just such a shit whole man. It's such a crap hole No, seriously like I came in yesterday morning. This is the day after we had our little Tate to take out there in a parking lot. I started out with him giving me an FU when FU the ground you stand on and few this and few that We had our little thing and I figured well, you know, it's better for everybody in life is too short and So he's sitting in a control of me at any morning. I wave to him. He wave to me and then put that that's it That's as far as it needed to go fine. Just be civilized, but no, but no No, I came in here sat down starting to organize all my crap and he comes in here and about a beat But I hope that this one's asshole and this one, you know, and I just don't want to be involved in all of that. Okay I thought we gunned it. Still their life is too short already. I don't want to hear about all the internal politics of this scum Hole of this toilet of this indoor septic tank. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to know from it And he isn't any different today than he was two days ago of those. And he wasn't friendly or I know they got that's the problem. I don't want to be friendly I want to be civilized. I'll go along with that, but just because you shake my hand with your clammy hand a couple of that Well, he's got a forgot its pretence to be a jack. You know what the dolphin guy. He's got the clammy his hand next to a Pete Sanford. Yeah, is his grip firm? No. Oh clammy. How can it be a firm when it's clammy? Well clammy's like cold and sweaty clammy, man. Like Bob Baneel even Sammy was clammy. That's why I kept dropping a ball. And we're Sammy Smith. Sure. Oh, by the way, a cast roll. Look it up good now. Look it up. So anyway, it just that goes back to yesterday. You're too slow for me to get worried about that computer. I don't know. I don't worry. It's running around. I don't want to hear what you do. Like you're saying you're an ungrateful son of a bitch to it. Oh, I know you should be real grateful to him. Because he got with engineering and they got a brand new computer coming in there for you like whenever it gets around a couple of days whenever. And the fact that we are doing to show you here today tomorrow, we will be here both days. And nobody's been suspended yet and nobody has said anything on the air to good. I'm grateful. I'll be very grateful when it happens. Unfortunately, we do a show now. Now, you're causing muff a great deal of emotional violence, especially especially. He's done to enormous pressure because those numbers are coming out one o'clock tomorrow. And of course, you know me, I had an eight and then a six and then a four. That's not a very good trend. You know what I mean? That we'd be very concerned when you have an eight one month and a six and then a four. It's a downward spiral. You know, I mean, like going over the edge of a cliff. So I'd be really concerned about things like that. We're going to be watching under a microscope tomorrow. When those numbers come out of one o'clock. What a circus man. What are friggin' zoo? Carole mostly brown drops out. She's turning her support to Howard Dean. How many people she got with her? Carole mostly brown. Okay, she's dropping out today. I see Howard Dean last night. I was channel surfing. It wasn't a dancing on a hockey game. It was a word. Although, man, what about that washing in a hood? Who the hell are they playing Calgary game? Game of Scorles with five and a half minutes left. It wants up a three three tie. They score six goals and five and a half minutes. And just bizarre. Amazing. Just happen a luck in deterring it on just at the right time. But other than that, there wasn't much sure going on. Some channel surfing. There's Howard Dean on C-Span and I, well, this sleeves rolled up. He was great. That was the Howard Dean that we used to like. And we still do like, but we she, he'd come back and stay with that as opposed to listening to his advisors, his handlers. You know, wimping on. He could get the job done. That's, you got to stick with what got either Howard. Dean that is. No, I'm not going to start a big thing on Moworgang. But it's just the idea that I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't want to give him the wrong impression or the audience either. I'm just, you know, I'm willing to get along. That's all. That's as far as it goes. He's done too many nasty brutal things behind people's backs. And okay, the zacting, who cares about that? So childish. That's a problem. This place like a kindergarten. And why would anybody care? Why would anybody care? Why would anybody who's, like an adult over the age of 10? Care about that? Right? Right? Other than one and little Havana who thinks he's got his own show. So anyway, let's, well, give me the pull result from yesterday. We actually had a pretty good result on there considering the fact that took us a hell of a long time to get that started. And we got two pull questions today. The second one you'll love. It's right up to the audience is Ali. But the first one first. I better do the break, right? No, because I got to give the results from yesterday because then Eric will pop it off of there and then I'll be sitting here with my hand up my ass. I guess I'll print it out. And then you can make the change, Eric. It's about these space cadets. And in fact, how would he had a great line last night? I think stealing little page from Cassinuts. He was talking about the Mars program and all of this space cadets stuff with Bush. He said, and that's fine if Bush is the first one to go to Mars. He said, I'm all right. And the audience was cheering. And that's going Howard. The net is 560. 560. This, seriously. Could you imagine being here a month? I don't know how I did it. I seriously. I don't want to sound like I'm patting myself on the ass. I don't know how to how I did it for five whatever it was. How many years it was in this place without this sound or workplace. This is a nuthouse without Xanx without oxyconte without any good drugs. Jesus. Do you mean somebody didn't leave me any? I don't. I don't mention no names. Okay. I don't get into that. I don't play that game. We could shake this. I don't play that game. Check it out. From a set to ten at five 60 WQM. Let me tell you about a place that you're going to love. You can get away from all the stress. All the crazy people in boy. We should have plenty of them down here. And that's Tom Pinto Park. That's right. All your horse racing fans and poker players. Tom Pinto Park racing in car room has the gambling action that you are looking for. Located just a half a mile from both on 95 and the turn pipe. The car is a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. The car is a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. It's a little bit more than a half a mile from the car. That I mentioned at how come it's not in this copy about ladies and not on Thursday. Isn't there a Thursday ladies and not a pompot park? I don't know. Well today happens to be Thursday, so I believe it is better not to say it. See you tonight post time 7.05 at pompot park. My life and love all six is four twenty-five sixty-three twenty-three hundred. I just as my lover. And that's me back in the ball game. There's no pride in my facing fence. It only took me about fourteen years to go on TV with crocodiles with the weight. For me to say sorry, I ain't taking the blame. I've been once twice, maybe three times out of fuel ball games. Supposed me into the hall of fame. I deserve to be in. I'm not really a total crook. We all about it in my brand of book, go I bet. But bet on my own team. And if I pretend to feel shame, I will bet. They let me back into the old ball game. Hey, deal. F**k you. 10.17 at five sixty. His book is going to be a number one. A many more times best out of this one we can when the thing comes out. Isn't that embarrassing? America never, never met a scumbag we didn't love. I never did get to tell a story about the woman that he ripped off for several granted. It was at a corner of a gulstrum. I'll never get it. I may be a will. Pete Rose. Just an absolute scumbag. Who had you kiddin', pity? Anyway, here's a fact upon Beach Troublemaker right over the box. First I hear you made peace with mole. I don't think the peace has been a last. Kind of like the Middle East peace, you know. They are peace. No, I'm serious. I don't feel comfortable with the whole thing that happened. I don't orchestrate any of the way I feel. I just shoot from the hip, okay? Right from the hip. There you go. I don't feel comfortable with it because I don't like the guy. In fact, I can't stand him. See what I'm saying? And I know. Oh, I could have just kept going. I could have just after the last F-bombie through me. I could have just kept walking and walked into building, which is what I should have done. But you're softy. But I'm a softy and he sucked me into sitting down and having a little power out there. And but I'm not, I don't know. I just don't like his whole attitude. He's just a sour nasty person. What's this for a lot of hate? Want to turn me against the beast? You and I owe the beast an apology, by the way. Especially you. Already chung up within this world, did you? Yeah. Because he's pissed off at me now. He was sitting in there. He was squatting and there actually doesn't sit on a chair anymore. Just squats on the floor like a schmoo. He was squatting in there this morning and he had one I came in. I could see he was like, you know, not happy with me. Because I caused him to be chewed out by his good clothes. I heard that Clarence cut him off last night. That that that's that's how they ripped. I created between them to you bastard. You bastard. Right. You prick. But at any rate. No seriously. The audience thinks this is all stick. There's no stick on his showman. Well. Not on this kind of stuff. You'll know when the stick starts. And other would just stick it. But so, you know, there's a lot of stuff that's been created. If I have to choose between the beast or between Zack or between Even Robert Greenpur, which, you know, he's he's okay. He's just he's just there. He's just he can't help himself. Even with his right wing politics. He's just confused. But you know, these people have been here a long time. And I'm not going to like go bonding with some guy who's been trying to get my ass canned and get your ass fired and stir up every kind of trouble with his show and Concerting with people who hate me like Boisa and all of a sudden I'm his buddy. No. No. Anyway, he goes on to say, then somebody told me, you let the asshole limo guy pick you up at the airport. See, Palm Beach trouble. Make it let me tell you this. Okay. Get a life. I don't take instructions on life from some assholes in the audience. So I don't even know. I'm not not not interested. One mom is enough. I let the Ken Alpern pick me up because he begged and pleaded on on the internet there on his way on our emails. It's a given another chance that I apologize for last time for that. But at about broad to die and pick you up. Who said, where are we going? Where are we going? Where are we going? I'm sorry. Where are we going? That's what she said. I think she's the brother that moderated that black and brown debate in Iowa. She was the same bitch. Where are we going? But at any rate saying he did a fine job. He was there waiting for me. He's a good guy. He's a little bit on the unusual side. But he's a dog lover. He's a good guy. He's rumors friends. So that's your tell you there'd be a problem right off the bat. But at any rate. So yeah, that's fine. I'm not a hard ass. I don't hold a grudge. But in one case, I will make an exception. That's not a grudge. You don't go from deep seated hatred after you're going to have to all of a sudden like your buddies. I'll be civilized. It's up to him. I don't really care. See, it's uncomfortable when you and he creates an uncomfortable situation to building. Like I've told you many times before, everybody's walking on eggshells here in the morning. Whenever he's in the building, everybody's tiptoeing on eggshells because, well, what's he going to be screaming about today? And who's he going to be bitching out? He's got to look himself in the mirror. That's what he needs to do with it without the peace. He needs to look at the mirror and say, well, how come all these people do hate me, huh? So if you think I'm going to be your ally, I don't care whether you're promote this show or not. I don't care whether I have a one share, you know, and Lough is giving me what, you know, eight to a six to a four, that's not a verb. That's not a really good trend. Oh, yeah. I've kept that. I've kept that screamer in there. I've given his meal ticket for last six years, Miss Muff. And he's a word that I had a one bad month and six years. Two freaking bad. We all have bad months. Like I'm concerned right, to a six to a four, like you're losing the audience. You should live so long, man. You should live so long. Many of these people talk about turning on you, like in about two seconds, just like you at you this morning because of the fact that you dare want to computer in there that works like today, not that weak from suckers, but today, I'm as weak as we have stuff to do in here. And then it's just that, of course, if you would ask for it before you to probably had it. I spoke to engineers like two weeks ago about it. Please don't dignify them. Please. And don't dignify them with a response. You have to threaten them. You have to threaten this place with bodily harm with a pipe bomb before they'll finally do anything for us. You know, when you're in Toronto, then you. And then it's a pain in the ass. Like, oh, it's like, we've ended the idea that we actually want stuff in here that we don't have to pay for. I don't have to pay for that might actually work. What a concept, huh? That's not the beastly view-in-way. Which is why the TV up there in the VCR and the computer over here and this thing over there and the fast machine back there. This is what what it's all about. Is Neil Bill's own studio. Okay. So there came me a lot of money, but in the meantime, everybody were working in radio station. We had to build your own studio piece by piece. I don't think so. Anybody ever hear of it? No. Even our good friend Dick. Oh, wait. Yeah. He has our letting me use your computer in here. Since the one you're walking for. Yeah, I'm right. Here's another fact. Remember the game finding Waldo. Maybe we should play where's Joe Rose. Yeah, let's play a little game while your children out there. See, it doesn't really make any difference because, while I totally this morning before the show is true, the sports nerd crowd, the host there interchangeable. It's like Mr. Potato Head. In fact, I think that's a great idea. I just had a brainstorm. You don't hear everybody's doing the bottle head dolls. Why do I have a Mr. Potato Head QAM talk host? And it'll come as a set. It'll be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little box with a set. And there'll be the microphone and the little sports bar around. And the box and the heads and the heads are and there could be little hats. And the head is a hair piece. His will be interchangeable. So you can stick a mose head in there. You can stick a Kimba. You can stick Joe Rose in there because the calls for the sports nerd. They just keep pouring in saying the same crap. They don't care as well. It makes no difference towards Dave Hagen. If it's a clearance, if it's anybody. Anybody. And I'm not kidding. These people I'm just saying that's the sports crowd. They don't care as long as there's somebody there to take their idiotic call. Is that right, guard? I thought right guard was in the auto or myself. You see, injured is you going to be able to play this week. That's weird to know. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. I mean, give me a break. So it doesn't really make any difference whether we have Joe Rose and Irr Kimba, Bo, Camp or Joe Mama. It make no difference. As far as the callers. Because like I've told you for years, the reason people listen to the show and the gym management in Hank Goldberg, who's the street, especially is because the personality involved. Any of the three of us could be talking about the Chinaman on the moon. And it wouldn't make any difference. It's still be the same people listening. Maybe even more. Maybe even more. Right? Right. Because the sport, the whole sports thing is just a crap. What it is. Oh, I know. There he goes on that again. Well, I got inspired. I'm really smoking here today. Apparently. I'd like to be smoking. I'd like to taste the nice Danaman light. Ooh. Are you sucking around again? What tell you talking about? Nice pace. What does that mean? I thought it was a trot. Anyway, here's the appool. Here's the pool from here's today. Who is your all-time favorite? And by the way, Duff, I hope I get a one share tomorrow. Okay, because we're on a downward spiral. And guess it like I told Clarence. Just keep the checks coming. Okay. I don't worry about the frickin' numbers. I got a month and left to prove that he faggot's in his building. Who is your all-time favorite TV character? Archie Bunker wins out in a tight race. 170. Can you believe how did you see you didn't see this? You were busy biction out the engineers. No, I didn't. I actually, I spoke to Jim who told me that he can't do anything for me. Blund's is hard. What do you want? No why? He prefers a company of men. Who does it? Homer Simpson was a close second. Archie had one 70 bunker and Homer Simpson won 68. Very close. Al Bundy 124. That makes that. There's my guts out. That's so sad. That was such an original show. And he was such a bad, nerdy character with a big shnaz. Cramer 68. That's Brad Cramer. Northfield down. Basil Falty 56. Tony soprano 52. Eric Cartman had 50. Hawkeye Pierce 41. Jim Rockford 34. I don't understand. I'm so glad that my taste is so far outside the mainstream. It makes me very happy to know that. It was not a good show. Sure was. And you don't even like cops show. That's right. Goes to to to toto toto. He goes to toto me man. That your taste is in your toosh. Anyway, how many he get? Jim Rockford 34. Fred Sanford 32. Captain Kirkhead 30 votes. Lucy Ricardo had 25 along with Barney 525. Same person. Columbo and Ralph Crandon 24 piece. Baby Stewie 23. Stew Barnes had 18. Reverend Jim Ignantowski 18 had Norton 17. Norm from chair 16. John Luke Picard and Alfie Chad 15 vote. Larry David, Mr. Spot 14. Detective Arthur Dietrich and Red Forman each had 13. I don't know who Red Forman is. That's her long-term. The dad. Oh, the one with the Ashden Kutcher. See. Something there's something strange about that kid. They're really in. Is it my wrong? He's a bad actor. He's not an actor. I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about his appearance. He's just girly. Yeah. Oh, so it's not only me. He's a girly little girly man. He's pretty. He used to be very pretty. I told you. So there's male model of pictures when he was a model. But he, I don't know. I don't know. Part of the thing with the mean more. I'm just not too sure about that. Oh, you think everybody's. I don't really care. He's just. I think he's got a vagina. Probably. I definitely do not think he has a penis. Hey, you can see. In his crotch and I do check that out when I'm watching a show. No, you can see that there's like an any instead of an Audi in my vagina. Yeah, he's got a man, vagina. Just like Celia Cruz. Who used to use a big strap on? Rosanne Rosanna, Dan and 12 perimacid and Louis de Palma and JR, youwing and Sergeant Schultz, he's head 11. Morek for morek had 10. George Jefferson had only nine. That's bad. He was great. Fancy nine. Oh, look at this. Look at all the other ones. How the second page. It'll take me to midnight to read these. Jeff Roe, bodeen. Nine. They like his bodeenie. Sunny Crocket nine. Arrtle the pig nine. Herman Monster 8. Buffy Somers 8. John Drake the prisoner. Patrick McGoo and seven. Number six. That's what we're going to get done tomorrow. We're going to get a six. In the December. I think. Yeah, eight. Six. Four. That's not a very good. I'd be concerned too. I'm not concerned. You want to be concerned, Mr. from what I'm here in. Oscar Madison Frank Barron, Dr. Heathcliffe, Huxtable. Otis the town drunk, beaver cleaver, mod all of them each head five. Four for Steve Yostin, Fred Flintstone, Hank from Larry Sanders and Frank Cannon. Frank Cannon won up before. Let's hear it for the fat man around man. JJ Evans 3, eat a bunker too. TJ Hooker won, Baretta won, Uncle Arthur won. Sandy Rich's flipper won. We know what kind of a person that was. In fact, trace that vote. Sandy. What? Fag. Napoleon solo won and Alexis Carrington won. Napoleon solo from the man from Uncle. With Robert Vaughan and David McCallum. Well, that's something I'd remember the actors, but I couldn't remember the name of this Chau. Well, nobody's perfect man. Just take a look at this place. 28 after 10 at 5. 60. So like I said, Mo, it's just strictly to ball us in your court. Just stay away from me. That's all. I don't like having to like walk tip toe up and down a hall because it's going to be like some kind of an argument. I'm not a confrontational person. I will tell you what I like. I did the other day. I'll tell you how many things it was face that he wants to hear. That I'll say on a year or behind his back. I'm not the backstabber. I'm a frontstabber. I'll tell you. But it's just an unpleasant environment. In fact, it sounds to me like a hostile workplace. hostile work environment. hostile work environment. Sounds actionable. I'll grab it to soon. It's a suit. And our money suit. Yeah, it's a beauty. 29 past 10 at 5. 60. WQA. Let's tell you about Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. Luckily owned an operator. These guys have been doing it right for years and years, which is wider still around. You'll find them on US 120 minutes on the 836. Armstrong Toyota Homestead is well worth the drive no matter where you are because you're going to save a potload of cash. Thousands of bucks. Check out their great lease prices and offer it to coma 2-wheel drive regular CAD. Your payments are only 169 bucks a month. And oh for echo, you can get for just 179 a month. How about an O4celica GT for just 209 a month? And with every car purchased at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, you get a free sun pass and keep in mind that we're the first dealer when you're ready to offer free tires and batteries for life. If you're looking for an SUV, Armstrong Toyota Homestead, I got an unbeatable assortment of RAF 4 as Highlanders, 4 runners, Sequoia's Land Cruiser 2. General manager David Rich and his buddy Fat Rich and Holestaff will do whatever it takes to put you in a new Toyota 2 day. Experienced the Armstrong Toyota Homestead, difference are committed to 100% customer satisfaction. Their service department's open late weeknight till 8pm to make sure they can get you done. Can be located in the US-1 and 2903rd Street in Homestead, they're 20 minutes south of the 836. So if you're sick and tired of those big fat mega dealers who are over promise and under deliver, then you ought to make the switch called David Rich. Armstrong Toyota Homestead GM right now, a 305, 2-4-2-32-47. 305, 2-4-2-32-47, Armstrong Toyota Homestead, drive a little and save a lot on your new Toyota. Be sure and tell them that for RAL, SENCHEBYE. 9-5 and low-cool, this is 4-2-5-6. 2-1 is 2-1. And so I'm wasting SENCHEBYE. Each night on CNBC, there's a brand new voice in cable news. I folks at Spay Island want to go out for the rad here, but it's time for the tough stories. OK? It's Dennis Miller. Finally, a new sanker who gives you the facts in no uncertain terms. Our old friend Howard Dade says, hey, get the fake George W.Fush! OK, Howard, yeah. And you'll accept you as a better chance of jumping ahead of support you on the periodic table. OK. Dennis Miller on CNBC, reporting the top stories in a language you can understand. I've got that sedan out of the sain, huh? This guy's more brain damage than copayashi after the Ocepoco idiot contest that the Yakima Paddara. Dennis Miller, plain news, and plain talk. So don't get left behind like Tom Pum Paddara, the Lord of the Rain Smoothies. Stay informed about Spaydana's smelly. That's the news, and I have out of here. Speaking of that, Dennis Miller, the host talks your whole talk show on CNBC. What is your, what a tragedy. You see this, if you're a right-wing asshole, man, they're just popping up everywhere. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Dennis Miller, the liberal turn conservative asshole and defender of President Bush in a war in Iraq, is less than two weeks away from being the host of a new talk show on CNBC for Hamas as it can't come soon enough. People say I've slid to the right Miller, said in his office, and the NBC Studios in Burbank, speaking in his ratatat style. Ratatat. I thought that's what Chris Moore on you to say, ratatat. Well, can you blame me? One of the biggest malfeances of the left now is the mislabeling of Hitler, quit saying this guy's hit. Let me say, I'm not going to read this. God. He is just brutal. So he's going to be on CNBC. One more could reason not to watch the gambling channel, excellent. Okay, here's our first poll. We'll do this one to noon, and the second poll, wait to tell you that. Boy, good. Have a lot of names on Atlas. Wait, do you think yesterday was big? Here's the first one. What, and before I do it, maybe we got to like influence a little bit. Here's the news. The spirit rover has successfully rolled into the surface of Mars, just like screw in. It rolled over. That's what skipping says you're rolling over in any position you like. You don't believe me, do you? The absolute spirit rover has successfully rolled under the surface of Mars for the first time since NASA's unmaned robot bounced down on the red planet nearly two weeks ago. Pictures can fact that he said the show bounced down on it. Pictures confirming the Egress came back to NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Pasadena at about five o'clock this morning. Engineers cheered loudly and celebrated the land by playing the hip-hop tune who let the dogs out. Is that is that sad or what? I don't think there's any hope no more. You know what? I want to go to Mars. I don't want to be a stargey old fart, even though I may be, but I mean, Jesus Christ, who let the dogs out? That's almost as bad as Kimba Boakam for making up stories about Joe Rose being suspended for saying crap on here or something. When Joe is out of town visiting his daddy. Mission controllers had sent the rover. Oders Tommy would have really surely looked on his face. He must be really pissed off. Well, must have been something most said. Mission controllers had sent the rover commands to move three meters down as a ramp from its lander out of the Martian soil. We have six wheels in that I don't know how I'm going to read this. So there you go. It's doing things. And if January 23rd, if you get your 3D glasses, are you going to get yours? I already have them. You get to see the 3D pictures from Mars that have red surface of red rocks. Yes, our maybe it said red fox. Maybe I'm as red that's where he went. Red foxes on Mars. That's where he'd be going because they don't mind him up there. In fact, they're nicer than dark folks on Mars than they were down here. That's why he left. He's doing a show on Mars. Probably Freddy prinses up there too, you think? Wouldn't surprise me. Don't know. Don't worry. Don't worry. Anyway, so here's our first pull question. Another, you know about the tremendous success we're having to watch in him red rocks in Mars. What's your take on Bush's space proposal at Breathless Big Proposal? Maybe that's the biggest they have known 315. Here's your five choices. In fact, I'll give you the results already. What we got so far because there's many votes pouring in. They're smattering in. I love it. If he'll be the first to go, how many say that? About 30 minutes. 30 Howard Dean said that last night. I was going Howard Good Comeback. 96 votes. It's a way to dog diversion 20. That sounds very plausible to me. How can we possibly afford it? 14. I'm all for it. It's inspirational 15. Right. Aren't you inspired? Do we? And what do you expect from a space kid at 13? Out of the 96 votes we got so far. Now I got some very bad news for you. I don't want to be the bear of ill tidings. Actually, it's good news. You can save yourself about how many bucks. Don't buy the book. Oh, and they're going to be swear on it. If they already went out and bought it in my recommendation. Too bad. No refunds. I didn't pay for mine. I want to apologize. Although, you know, he meant very well to green van Dave. That was a very nice thing. I did the yesterday's mention jokingly that I wish somebody would have bought me the book to price of oil to be run such kind and Paul Neil's whole story there. Which is, it's really the Paul Neil's story. All the rest is window dressing. And he brings it in. And I took that baby home last night of the book too. And there's not much in it. I'm not saying I read the whole thing cover to cover. But pretty damn close. I just went pouring through it. There is one couple of pages that I'll read about one of the A cabitamings. Do you know that all the cabitamings had to be scripted? No. Like everything else he does. Right. I guess because he's a dodo bird, the bushmaster. So everything was scripted. Everybody played a part like it was a play. It was all scripted out. I'll get to that page. And another thing about the, you know, the blind man in room for the deaf people. And the asking Andy Carter, go make sure you get the cheese burgers. That's all in there. So basically the media's taken the most sensational things in here. And he's been here in about the Iraqi tech being planned out front. And we already know that. I like Ted Kennedy best this morning on CNN with the, the hum man Bill Hummer. Ted Kennedy is really, see, why can't he run again? We forgot about chapiquette. What if we only read a word of fine? The, uh, just if you had the opportunity to read the speech, you can start up a, a polo niel who was, uh, has put a book out. And now it's been literally attacked by the president of the United States. And ABC has a, got independent confirmation that in the discussion in the first meeting, in the White House, they talked about the military option. All of the time that the White House representing that they hadn't, they even considered the military option. That's just at the very beginning. But there's no question that this administration cooked the books with regards to intelligence. They represented that's, and I'm saying, that nuclear weapons, weapons of mass destruction, that American service member going to be treated as liberators, that al-Qaeda was over there, all of this is false. But the point that I'm making is if they were going to go to war, if they were going to go to war to remove Saddam Hussein and no one carries a brief for Saddam Hussein, but we have to ask our south, whether Saddam Hussein was an imminent threat to the United States. If they were going to go to war, I believe it, they should have leveled with the American people. They didn't. That's my point. The Senate, though, why not leveling with the American people, they show it to Stain, for the American people and for the institutions. And they, this representative, the intelligence and scared this country, embodies the war. And I do not believe that the war with Iraq is making the United States safe today. It's devoted our attention from Al-Qaeda, and has not helped us in a war on terror. You vote, Ted. Nice going, Ted, baby. And he said that ABC has the collaborating story tonight on our website. President Bush ordered the Pentagon to respond to the possibility of a ground invasion of Iraq. Well before the US was attacked at 9.11 an official told ABC News, confirming the account for Mattress Secretary Paul O'Neill gives in his book, written by former Wall Street Journal reporter Ron Susskind, don't by the book. The official last not to be identified was President and the same national security council meetings as O'Neill, immediately after Bush's inauguration in January, February of 2001. The president told his Pentagon officials to explore the military options, including use of ground forces, the official told ABC News. That went beyond the Clinton administration's half-hearted 10 store-over-throughs saying without force. In the price of loyalty, O'Neill says that from the very start of his administration, Bush was focused on outing Sivam, ousting, and outing. Bush says his policy at the time was merely a continuation of the Clinton administration stance, White House Aides have suggested O'Neill whom Bush fired at 272 is merely trying to sell books. Both the official spoke to ABC News and O'Neill have acknowledged that Bush hadn't yet made up his mind to be a part of the state of the administration, but they see officials were told to find ways to get rid of the Iraqi leader, getting who's saying was the administration's focus that much was already clear. It said, and Skippy is back in here again. Again, we're on here, doing a radio show, but a big smile he just did again. He said, oops, I did it again. He just hopped on Skowand back there again. You see the smile on his push from here to rear, even bigger than Roy. Wow. That's what she said. She's even bigger than her. Oh, she's amazing for a little guy like Skippy. He must be hung like a moose. So Skippy van moose. That's my suggestion to use. So how do you like that? So ABC has independent confirmation. They were starting from the beginning. We already knew that. We have the P-NACS up. The American public doesn't care. And poor Bill Hemp, Emperor was sitting there. You noticed this morning with Ted Kennedy and Ted, you just get rolling right along. He wouldn't take a breath. Test. You go Ted. Yeah. And it was great because the mainstream media doesn't want to be heard stuff like that. Because it's anti-American and they might get some pressure from the FCC and Michael Powell and all these other fascists in there right now. It's a pretty sorry day in American boys and girls, but you know what? Who the hell cares? And mole? Get lost. 5. Local. 5. 6. 3. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 11. 7. 8. 11. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 6. 9. Which is not the right way. When I get home, I think we need over It's my day going for now Nice to this stage up Just be the one where you don't want to be I still don't want to just grab the instead I wanna hold your head I don't want to hold your head You know what I mean? Boy, I like it with that end What really you grabbed me yesterday? Speaking of grabbing his hand Was that email that the beast sent to Howard? To more Howard David Yeah Try to follow in my footsteps And especially on the heels of a tongue lashing By his good buddy Clarence A tongue lashing Following that Yeah Not as opposed to the usual tongue-looking A tongue lashing And trying to like to have an asshole And I would like to just You know, swatdle around and do my business And like causes And man, no chance He can wipe his ass What I mean, I just all bent out of shape again So I don't know No, I do know The answer is no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I just, I can't handle it I just, I'm not gonna, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah That's my answer just say no. You won't Yes Because you know why I can't, I just can't be a phony I mean if for a lot of money I guess I could be a phony but something like that no way Now what was I gonna do I got a great article here? You're gonna love it by that fact. I mean by Michael Sinney really is that the one you were uh yes Yeah, how did this one before to show he a rips miss fudge and ass Which wouldn't be the first time for what I'm hearing anyway? Here's the second pull which is the one that we're gonna need your input on and of course speaking of an ass This is great. I was inspired By end the wall of some passion test today see my psychic powers again Now that's the one that people here will see today at two o'clock passions Where she says the bet she says if you look uh look up the word Whatever was in the dictionary your picture will be next to which of course is aligned I've been using for years But I thought well if it's good enough for Mrs. Wallace on passions why not use it again So here's the poll today the second one if you look up the word asshole in the dictionary who's picture will you see next to it? And I didn't put anybody on there or even a wide open Well, that's what's grandma was does she leave the wide open? That's what's skipy said the barn door. She leaves the old barn door wide open man. You ought to see what's crawling around in there Well, if you don't close the door especially in this tropical climate here in Florida You'd ever know what kind of lizards and little uh crawl of creepy quality things are gonna be crawling around in you If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary who's picture will you see next to it? And you can put anybody on there including me or George anybody alike But when I put nobody on it till somebody nominates one right right and then we'll make like a list of 50,000 Preest to spit it on abuse allegation, but that's bad Cincinnati Archbishop Daniel Polar took on Tuesday announced he's suspended a former associate pastor the same upper the great catholic church in catering catering After man reported the priest sexually abused him as a teenager in the Cincinnati area in the early 1980s as opposed to the Genital area Polar took place to Reverend Ronald Cooper on pay leave after Cooper confirmed it with the allegation late Monday Agnology and touch the minor, but the idea is sexual intent. He just want to see how big it was like the abuelas They're just checking it out. They didn't have their sexual intent. I just want to see if it was Real or Memorax can cutting barbarians Cooper isn't permitted to celebrate the sacraments or otherwise present themselves They priest during the investigation itself. Well, how do you like that? Another one of them isolated incidents Okay, so you can go back to hating me in love and mow all you mow like Dennis out there whatever you like. I don't really care I'm not gonna sit here and be a phony because somebody cornered me in a park or lot and you know, and I admit I was I was wrong I sat down and I listened to his bull crap and I should have done that And I was gonna now he's really gonna go no well you see that I tried I did my bet no you didn't Oh, you didn't all you're trying to do is look for an ally and you won't find one in this place. It just ain't gonna happen He have no allies here Because your hostility. I mean here's a guy that's whining about oh he's diabetic and stress kill and he's right stress does kill So why you causing so much of it? Why you inflicting so much stress and all the rest of us? The bulletin ahead and George George came with an ally she getting canned if wasn't for my desperate Fledger-lating attempts to make sure we kept him his job Especially when that second kid was popping out And we're supposed to forgive and forget now we do not forget and we do not forgive like that. I'm calling on you said then I do not forgive So that's the other bottom line on that. I don't want to hear you know, I'm just Discussed with it and that's part of the problem of being here Not to mention his studio where everything is all screwed up and the engineers are like whoa, you know like you really want us to do something We're too busy over here at kiss and we're too busy at pound ninety six We can't be bothered with you guys in air use slippers What your high rated show used to be high rated but does says eight to six to four that sounds like a double flight Don't it? Yeah from the center field of the short stop through the second basement 8 to 6 to pull I'm gonna get to that article if it's the last thing I do and then we got on also I want to read that just a couple of pages from the Paul and you'll book it's really disappointing I mean, you know there's a lot of stuff in there about You know the task cut and about what an asshole and scumbag But it's just especially Paul and you'll rambling And about his wife I didn't want to take the job and what he did for regga for a regga in Nixon and this one now It's it's not very good. It's very highly over-tounded Here's the pull so far to first one What's your take on bushes space proposal? We got 170 votes in and no time at all I love it if he'll be the first one to go 47. It was my vote It's a wagged dog diversion 42 which is also an excellent choice You know Clinton got accused of wagging it all with the All the other bullcraft for the Bosnia Come to find out that we should be worried about stains on blue dresses not about dead people in Iraq Not about trillion dollar deficits not about educated leave every child in the behind Isn't that what Michael Jackson he's involved in that two working for the government leave every child in the behind program What do you expect from a space cut at 32 said that how can we possibly afford it 26? That's an excellent point You know Bill Nelson really pissed me off yesterday. He was on a CNN what an asshole you are Bill He was debating some guy who is talking about how ridiculous what a waste of money is some science guy Who was saying we're not gonna learn anything and we can get just as much information by sending like the rover and all the other There's no reason as you just take political dog and pony show that's all it's so obvious And the bill knows in our democratic center from Florida see how our dean is right man too many of the Democrats are like Republicans in the drag Right, yeah, they're like doing the they're doing the senior cruis thing they're running around in drag right out there in public Anyway, how can we possibly afford it 26? I'm all for it. It's inspirational only 23 only 13 and a half percent of course Those are the bushlookers. It's in sparr no matter what what bush you wouldn't propose. Oh, that's a great idea. I love it That's what they would say Because they're like blind men in a room full of deaf people Baghdad hotel killings are result of criminal negligence as media watchdog somebody just thanks this in from the Guardian UK Are US army attack on the Palestine hotel and Baghdad the kill two journalists was the result of criminal negligence and George Bush's government was partly to blame sin international media watchdog reported sands front here Sands front here is whatever that is French frogs In a report published today RSF calls for the reopening of us army inquiry to the Shelling of a hotel Which was considered media safe house and the base for most foreign journalists in Iraq capital during the Gulf War FCC asked to boost funds against broadcasts for obscenities there we go now we're talking much assholes FCC Commission chairman Michael Powell asked Congress yesterday for a tenfold increase and you Modifying the panel can live against broadcasts for indecent of obscene programming Paul said the maximum current fine at 27,500 Percent was not enough to persuade broadcasters to watch their language. Oh, man some of these fan finds our peanuts He told a national press called luncheon. They're just a cost of doing business that has to change So let's see once a tenfold so in other words 275 grand 32275 you think that's gonna change infinity's altitude no But there you go and of course representative Doug O's of California Republican and Lamar Smith Republican and Texas proposed legislation that would ban five words and three phrases from the airwaves One of those words being assholes. So let's say it a lot while we still can okay if I could see good thing We're doing that poll today. Did they have a list of those words and phrases? No not in there Yeah, I'm sure you could find them somewhere somebody will find them for us. Oh no All of these things here man. I'll save these Otherwise I'll get way in the behind 567560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line if you look up the word asshole in the dictionary Who's particularly a scene next to it? Nobody QM I don't know I think maybe I'm being the naive one, but who's being naive now, okay? I'm just wondering you know I don't it was bush being involved now. I'm I'm I'm believed with this They're probably not even on Mars. Did you see capricorn one? No You probably wouldn't like it because of or sign it. Oh, oh Jason I wouldn't see it. I might bring it that but you know It's a good movie and it goes into how a whole conspiracy of landing on Mars or whatever I don't even believe they've ever been to the moon You know, I mean, I maybe that's naive, but it just seems like I don't know you know you know, I mean the government would lie to us through you exactly I mean, they live the pictures from the moon. You don't see stars in the back and ground to the sky or anything Wouldn't you see that from the moon? No. I think you would now when it's in and Arizona Okay, that's that's my point. Thank you. I like you pal. A little skeptic there. That's Odea What Odea the moon landing was fake the people? Are you picking on art, Beligan? Yes, well to hell with art, Bel Oh somebody just facts me US Army wall at war colleges Iraq war and this is already we had that on two days ago. Yes, we did thank you Head it on two days ago. Thank you very much Here's Trisha, lawyer. Let's news says I told you my first facts no matter what you do Mohour will ever change he sent his ways you're right, Trisha. He's crap I'm just I apologize to myself not anybody else. I don't have to apologize Answer anybody I apologize to myself for getting sucked in with that crap and everything could have been fine If he just were to left well enough alone. I didn't agree to like be buddy buddy I just agreed like we'll coax this and everything is fine. He'll promote the show and we'll like be you know gentlemen But no comes in here yesterday for five and three but I'm just a grouchy. He just has such a grouch I'm trying to tell him life is too freaking short look yourself in a mirror and try to understand Why everybody in this building and virtually everywhere your heart hates you like poison. That's what the bottom line is And he wasn't even in this morning. I think God was punishing him for pulling off that crap on Tuesday Which I'll start it with him saying a few you and few big round you walk on that's what it really started with and I say well back at you You know Cuz I don't back away from anybody right to their post And but I should have just kept right on walking inside of the elevator and come upstairs here But no You know and he's like instructing me sit down sit down It's instructing me to sit down. I don't take instructions from you anybody else around here Okay, including muffs it in and there what is a 2468 who do we appreciate? Well obviously not us Come back 560 5050 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line We'll get this other pulled build up here like crazy how many a name you think we'll have under about five thousand oh at least although one's gonna win Not mole Nope W yeah, oh W yeah Well you can't call a prison an asshole can you're only on the show I think that in fact the Michael Paul said on the garage you show You can for the next five minutes for and well until we do something about it Back And He'll that bandage that green turned Because he wouldn't take a shower with a gober asshole asshole between icing a such an asshole He's just like Hitler and a Vibrohn What's that he's mowing on one asshole It is Oh man, he's a real risk taker. You asshole? 11-1 at 5-60s. Somebody faxed his one of our, I guess, our most chronic faxed your wall. This one. And says, if asshole be a soon ban, please sit on over the biggest asshole. Play the win has a asshole song. I surely would miss it at the top, this top 10 hit. Also put him on list. And we did. I got an assort list here. I'm certain myself before we get to the creative audience. If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's picture would you see next to it? That's right. George W. Bush, Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez, Mohour David, and Wayne Hesinger. That's my short list. That a good start. Excellent. Absolutely, good start. And this fax, this is so typical of sound for a soul sad. Neil keep up the good work. They won't be saying that after I read this. Neil check out this website and the johnbucanin.org. He's running for president as a Republican. He's from Miami. He's exposing the truth about Bush. I mean, so typical. So, and of course, who do you think this is from? Hmm. John Buchanan probably. Ha ha ha. Yeah. No. No, what would ever do that? No. Just like our good friend, the traffic guy. They've slatered everybody was running for mayor. And they wouldn't even talk to him. And he was trying to use the map here. I mean, good guy, but try to use me in the show to like pump up a non-existent candidacy. How many votes you get? I mean, just leave me alone already. What year? Stop trying to use me. No, like, oh, they won't leave me alone. Well, mole me alone. You'd smuck. Seriously, I don't, I'm not looking for any confrontation with him. I'm sure he'll go ballistic on me. I don't care. I don't give a crap what you say. It doesn't, it doesn't interest me. You are what you are. And you just, you say you, you sport the whole thing. Everything was fine. Come in here grumbling and mumbling and ripping this one. And that one. You don't like anybody and maybe that's why nobody likes you. Maybe that's the bottom line. If you don't like anybody, why the hell should I like you? The only person you like is whoever whoever's ear you got at the time. That's what it boils down to. See what I'm saying? So we got me to sit down in that bench and let it be. But I'm going to go, but I'm going to go. I'll screw it. Screw you. Filly pastor convicted of soliciting sex. I'll be God damn. Oh, see? Can't say that either. Better get them all in there next few months. I'll fill that alpeo pastor who was condemned homosexuality and was known for using a bullhorn to preach at passage by colleges was convicted of soliciting sex from a teenager. All right. That's the best news. I've heard in years. The jurors deliberated for three and a half hours yesterday before convicting the Reverend Craig Stephen White of criminal solicitation to commit involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and related offenses to Betty didn't hook up with screw-in. White, 40, who faces a minimum three-year prison term on a most serious charge showed no reaction. His mother wept and said, he's innocent. He's innocent. The fence attorney Robert Donatoni said he was disappointed but not surprised. This was a very difficult case for anybody said Donatoni, who suggested that the teenager was mistaken confused or just seeking attention. The charges stem from a stop-white maiden and Westchester in June when he asked a 14-year-old boy for direction for erections. The boy said White also asked him about strip clubs or adult book or video stores later came back and offered him $20 to take part in sexual activity. I'll be God damn. What have I always said about the finger-porters? The Fagbaders. Faggots. Closet people. Every one of them. White denied making any sexual proposition. He said he asked directions to a video store because he wanted to buy the movie, Shrek for his children. He was just looking for some Dreck a Shrek. White has preached on campuses against homosexuality and atheists using a bullhorn to dial up students about fournicators, horrors and satellites. He started a temple university campus group called Sorge's For Christ, worked at a youth ministry in Gloster County, New Jersey, began the Philadelphia Gospel Outreach Center in North Philadelphia. That was enough of a picture on the university of Pennsylvania campus that the chappains office held a panel discussion about his methods in 1998. With his method jar on, he gets on his knees and he opens up his mouth. Now, move it all the next one. Mary Hanford, mother of Senator Dolby, is not where we had to play one of those Bobby Dolbits. We will. Play the good one. Which one is that? Mum, Mum, hand. Robert Dolby, hand. Is that in there? Sure. Get out. That's in there. Are you sure? Positive. Trust me. That's not. Robert Dolbits. Maybe it's under Bob Dolson. Bob Dolph or something? I'm sure it's not in there. Oh, I know what it's called. What is it called? Come on, George. It's only a seven hour show. What is it called? By the way, mad dog's been kidnapped. He won't be on to the aim. I believe it. So like I said, I don't know what it's called. But I know it's in there. No, it's not. We played it off the disk and I don't think the disk is in Toronto. Mine is that anyway. It's in my decis. Ha ha. It's in mine. And it's called Robert Dol's Bum-Hand or something like that. But you look for it while I read this. Mary-Handford, a civic leader and rather a US senator, Elizabeth Dol has died. She was 102. Handford, who lived a Sierra daughter, who liked to North Carolina's first female senator in November, died late yesterday at Roan Medical Regional Medical Center. She had an absolutely wonderful life for the Sun John Hanford told the cell. She was 102, Jesus. Wow. Dol, who married cancer, Kansas Senator Bob Dol on the 70s, served as a cabin secretary and a Reagan and Bush administration. She was a Robert Dol, a senator's mother, your mama. So there you go. Let's see, how about, for example, it's just another way to subsidize his buddies and corporate America take care of the aerospace buddies. Well, that's obvious. We know that. Let's see, the following is to report by the Army War College. Hey, David. David, let me say again, we had that on days ago. Days ago. Thank you very much. But we had it on days ago. The Army War College is about to warn the racquish totally bogus. We had it on but thanks to a pile. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Jim managed to tune us against Kidnapp. The Humphorite Crystal Palace unless he gets suspended before four o'clock. Her a cool hotline and Tony Rome is at seven. The big, any declac tonight. Let's see, he dies. Any K at 10 unless he loses a cab money to get here and you'll mark overnight. Unless somebody makes doing offer, he can't refuse. But I think with Joe Rose this morning, that was so sad. So sad, so sad, bow. Don't pick on bow to ease too big. He's bigger than the bodice. Okay, let's change this pool. Let's get what they are the one. Okay. There's no sense leaving a sandal. No, we got, we got the adrift. Right? Sure. Well, they had a lot more fun. Something they can stick their teeth into. They don't like this crap. It's a little too pseudo intellectual. Who the hell gives a crap about the moon and the Martians? What's your take on Bush's space proposal, which he unveiled yesterday? Brett taking what you heard in a way all new about it? 237 votes, that's enough. I love it if he'll be the first to go 65. It's a wag that auged diversion 59. What do you expect from a space cadet? 41. How can we possibly afford it? 40, that's the next one question, but don't confuse him with the facts. What's another 405 hundred billion when we already got a trillion dollar deficit? It's got a great credit card. And I'm all for it. It's inspirational only 32 that same 13.5% stubborn. No matter what he says, if he says going back yard squat, take a big dump out there, then they'll be squatting with it without their pantaloonies on. Now, wait to do this article. I better do the break. What break? Hey, this sales department here. You're another bunch, man. It's a good thing I'm here to kick some ass. Well, this place is just coming apart of the scene. And of course, Clarence and Muff, there. Why? What are we going to do? What are we going to do? He's picking on us again. What are we going to do? A couple of emotional cripples is what we got there. I'm so whipped up. I may even talk about that thing on the air. Now, I'm not. I want. Huh? You know what I'm talking about. We know something the audience doesn't. I'm not going to do that. I don't want to hit anybody upset. 9 minutes after 11 at 5. 60, I guarantee you're upset if you wake up in the morning and you feel like you haven't had any sleep at all. And the reason probably is, unless you work here, the reason probably is because your mattress blows. It's headed. It's worn out. And that means it's time to get you a great new mattress from a dialometrist. Celebrate the new year in comfort. With a great new name brand mattress and unbeatable price from dialometrist, call them right now. Dialometrist is proud of how it's turned. It's been added as fostered. They're already unbeatable strong championship lineup. Stearns and foster is the finest mattress in the universe. And now you can sleep on one tonight. By calling, 1-800 mattress. And of course, dialometrist carries all the other top names too. Like tempered pita king corl, celi, surdissimence. Two from dozens and dozens of models at low every day, this compressors, or as Wayne would say they got Junior's models. Only dialometrist lets you choose a two hour delivery, that meets your schedule any day seven days a week from eight in a morning till ten and nine. In other words, when you're going to be home, you want to know like between one and three this afternoon. They'll be there with low prices, same date delivery, free setup and removal. It's a picnic to see. My dialometrist is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. So to the smart thing, like just about everybody, if two M is doing now, even some folks who aren't all that smart. Call them toll free at 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or online, check them out at matrist.com. Come and answer. It's the GOP. What makes the majority dark and sour matter just like our shoots with our domino and accounting. We will don't man. Come and don't man. We will don't man. Rollin' it don't man. Now we don't care if we're gonna show. We're getting worse. We just said no. We're gonna well-fed. We're trying to fight. We'll make what we're gonna. Or build some ass. We're riding her. Don't know if that is cool. We're just hands. And also sign up all the way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're all closed man. We picked up six of the jails. How they don't man. Well, it's taking the money in from all our whole life. We have a contract with our government. That's live from New home. 14 at 5.60 in WKOM. So what do we got on a poll so far? If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's particularly a scene next to what Maddrod's George W. Bush, Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez, more Howard David and Wayne H. Zingat and Ralph Nader. The reason Nader is on there. Somebody facts that I'd like to nominate. This is from Tucker, chronic Tucker, mother Tucker. How many Ralph, son, ate if you were asshole, Paul. If he wasn't a selfish asshole, they could get in a hike. Be, uh, what? How could he in good conscience split the vote and able Bush to win the election? Excellent point, Tucker. Put on at Boat High Street. 5.67.0. Now, let's see. I've put that thing on her. It's already up. I voted for Maddrod. Here's one of the many reasons why. Column by Michael Anjillo, senior really. Another risk queen, but least he's out. Can you imagine the owners of the New York Times or the Los Angeles Times? Or Cleveland's plain dealer, pining out loud for the mass extinction of an entire group of people? Let's say the envisioning, in the inciteration of all gaze, claiming it was God's plan and had words posted on a web. At the very least, sensations stalker, MacDrods would like to comment immediately, rightly whipping it into a major story. His zeal for a phomenting scandals involving liberals would certainly overpower a obsessive fear that people might think he's gay just for defending gaze. As if the rest of the world still doesn't know he's gay, even after David Brock's few buddies, revelations, and Jeanette Walls interviews with his former boyfriend. Dredges openly gay compatriot Andrew Sullivan would know that take up the cause as well, attacking those nasty homophobic publishers on the left, reeling on his website about what hypocrites liberals are. But if the paper in question is an influential conservative daily one that pumps up both of these right wing gas bags regularly and one that publishes Sullivan's work, then the ranting's and raving's of its demagogic owner don't seem to matter. There will be a purge on God's orders and evil will be eliminated like shadows, the unification church leader Reverend Sonnyong Moon, the owner and primary funder of money losing right wing Washington Times, said last week. The comments were posted online by Reverend Moon's webmaster and picked up by my blogger John Cornfield. Gaze will be eliminated, the three Israel's will unite if not then they will be burned. We don't know what kind of world God will bring but this is what happens. It'll be greater than the communist purge but all of God's orders. This isn't the first time this mad man who owns UPI as well has started against Gaze and others. You may remember these ditties from the moody in chief which are reported last year. America's the kingdom of extreme individuals in the kingdom of free sex, the country that represents Satan's harvest is America. Homosexual and those who go after free sex are less than animals. This is your love organ you destroy your life, your nation, your world. If you stay away from having children you cannot enter the kingdom of God, you're bound to go somewhere else you can call it hell. These ditties have not stopped Washington Conservatives from getting in bed with Moon who's goal is to create a global theocracy, all a Muslim fundamentalist, and elevating his and his paper is stature and return for a cold hard cash for themselves and for their movement. George Herbert Walker, Bush took 100 grand from him in 1996 for a speaking engagement, praising the Washington Times as a paper that a my few bring sanity to Washington DC. After Bush called Moon the man with vision, the Reverend gave him a million dollars for his presidential library. Contrary to the claims of the paper's defenders on the right, a former editor reported recently that Moon has much more involvement in the paper than he and his apologously people to believe. Last June, Moon, who believes he's the Messiah, launched the special media training for church leaders with a timestamp. The paper's editorial page editor former Newt King Brigade Tony Blankley, a man who tries to offer the same and reasoned if Stuncille Conservative individual, even though he works for a crack puck called his, is all over the talk show circuit, an example of how much influence in the Washington Times has beyond its relatively small circulation. On C-Spanel, I think Blankley referred to Wall Street journalists having the nation's other influential conservative newspaper editorial page, clearly noting how seriously his papers taken in the corridors of power. It's sleazy enough that a conservative would work for Moon and ignore his dark encourages but how on earth could a gay writer take a check from man who can't wait to see him thrown into an oven? Anger Sullivan has reveled in his own idiotic claim that after 9-11 certain liberals because they didn't agree with George W. Bush's policies represented a fifth column supporting Osama bin Laden. Meanwhile, here he is on the payroll of a guy who'd like to see the mass extinction of his own people, Sullivan likes to think himself as a gay rights activist that's actually how the New York magazine described him recently, but he only seems to activate when the targets are liberals. Bill Clinton gets the Sullivan hatched a treatment for assigning the offensive marriage act while the grossly homophobic unification churches leader gets a weekly column from him and return for a few bucks to keep Sullivan's increasingly lackluster and predictable wave page of float. Equally duplicitous is the sexually circumspect drugs who draws credibility from the Washington Times numerous references in vice versa. He spent the better part of last week trying to frame liberals as belittling the Nazis in the Holocaust, for days he stoked a bogus story pushed by the Republican National Committee and the Democratic Party. The Republican Party has been the most regional acclaimed that the group move on.org had created TV ads comparing Bush to Hitler. When the ads were gone from the group's website, the writers claimed they had scored another victory as when they got cowardly CBS to ban the Reagans. In fact, the ads were not sponsored by move on.org, but were entries in a contest the group sponsored Bush in 30 seconds in which participants created ads illustrating the Bush administration's dismal failures. More than 1,500 entries came in including two ads comparing Bush to Hitler and all were available on the site for viewing. Neither of the overall tasteless Hitler ads did well with the members who voted and either creators progress as finalists in the contest. Celebrity judges will chose a winner from the finalists and that's why they and hundreds of others that didn't make the cut were no longer available on the site, not because of any sort of pressure campaign. Drogen company were not less successful in spinning their lives into the mainstream press with the lazy duty would-refinners at CNN only tooling to report the RNC's talking points as objective news. Funny how Drogen blew up a fake story and expressed outrage about Bush being compared to a genocidal dictator, but then didn't find it newsworthy to like the comments of a powerful newspaper owner, Col. leader and Bush family pal who's actually calling for genocide of Drogen's own kind no less. Maybe Moon had told Drogen Sullivan to not be spared on judgment day or maybe they just don't give a shmit about anybody but themselves. What a great column by Michael Senior Relia. He don't pull any punches that queen. I mean. So there you go. That's why I voted for Mr. Fudge on our asshole. Oh, look at that. You're right. I think he's off to the races already. If you got 35 quick votes on that poll, if you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's picture when you see next to it? George W. Bush 19, Wayne H. Zingha 5, Mr. Drogen's 3, Neil Rogers 2, George Rodriguez 2, more Howard David and 2 and Ralph Nader 2. And now we need a lot more names on that poll. Tell me if you get that couple of pages from this book. Very disappointing. I don't want the van guide if you'll bad because I really appreciate his buying the book. But after all the big hype, you know, or just think how bad you would have felt a feud paid for it. Oh, like I said, thanks again a lot. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Joe Rose is being held captive by the moonies. That's why he was not today and won't be on again tomorrow. W to Q a M. Hello. Hi, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Speaking. Neil. Yes. Hey, no. Okay. Doesn't sound like Neil. Well, I'll do my best if credit is there. Oh, there. Yeah. Yeah. You sound like you. Okay. All right. I want to get your opinion on this new bush in insanity once it's spent a billion dollars to promote heterosexual marriage. Yeah, we got an article on our website about that today. It's 80. I was hoping you, okay. I was hoping to get your opinion because I'd love here in your opinion about things like this. Well, I mean, what is there to say the whole thing is so ridiculous. And then it's just, you know, another waste of money and another one of these, the great more lives is going to tell us how to live and what to do. We have a very lengthy article on that on our website today. Well, I was listening to, I don't know. I think it's NPR yesterday night. And they had some sort of, it was really boring. This, this county meeting, whether discussing all of our, that's that we need to, you know, to work on and all the products. So we have to work on for our schools. And there's a billion dollars that we need to spend on a project to get our schools fixed. Right. Why not spend the billion, actually get those projects done. Well, that's not what God wants the bush might do to do, man. It's just, it's just amazing. So I just wanted to get your comment. There you go. What's to say? Why should it surprise anybody? Well, we got his brother, the governor here who's got his religious jail out there, when he's got the Jesus is going to bring, we have all those prisoners. What would he expect? Go, go, go, heterosexual marriage. Okay. Go bush. To go bush. Grab that bush. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQM, hello. Yeah. Good morning, now. Yes, sir. You got to put that, a funny junkie, a rush, lean bar. Oh, sure. Okay. Listen, you know about the, of course, the, the freeze in the northeast. Yeah. Yeah. See, be as news. They had people in the street. You know, they were saying, I'm dying. I'm so cold. And they asked, leave him. I need to do this repression. What does that mean? I don't know. Repression of what? I don't know the, the call well it in the new, in the new England was repression. Mm-hmm. Well, if you let the Orthodox Jews handle it, they'll warm it up. Well, of course, you've got a little thing to do with it. I'll cover it up with the tallest. Try. Okay. I asked the K, I'll read it. R. 560, 560, palm fops. You know, nobody's even talking about Julie Roman, no, no. No, he got no, he got no chance. He never had any chance. Yeah, that little horse race thing. He has to go out of Chinaman's chance. Carol mostly brown. She pulled out today and doors tower dean. And let me say it again. Howard Dean, just when we thought it was slipping a little bit. And maybe disappointing quite a bit there in some of those debates. Last night, great campaign speech in Iowa was on C-Span. I watched the entire thing. He kicked some serious ass. He had robbed the rider there in the background. He had Tom Harkin. He had what's his name? Martin Sheen. Excellent. Martin Sheen, the make-belie president was in the background. Who looks a little old. Well, how? But I'm gonna have to make up on it again. He just turned only 95 years old. W. K. W. M. K. W. M. I'm lying one. It's working today. And you're still on there. But it never, almost never happens. W. K. W. M. Hello. Yeah, can I talk to you now? Speaking. Is it real? Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Now I don't have time to waste with you, idiots. Okay. Don't know how to make a phone call. I haven't spent three cents. Is it real? Yeah. And those are real. Okay. Oh, it's not real. How many, how many, how many, how many hours have we wasted? I've heard of that crap on this show. Just unless there's a few weeks. If somebody has done this, say something odd. Okay. If somebody is honoring and dignifying you enough to even answer the phone. Just speak your piece, baby. Why just still can't be for the outlaw these conversations. W. K. W. M. Hello. W. K. W. M. Hello. Taka. W. K. W. M. Yes. Neil Rogers. Speaking. Yes. Neil. Yes. I was wondering if you happened to see John Stewart show last night. I don't watch John Stewart show, ever. Yeah. I tell you what. He did pretty good job. I will. Funny is the year, rum stelt back peddling and trying to talk about how bush had no plans to go into Iraq and everything and how he had my ears bushes brain and everything which was joking itself. Yeah. And it was just very funny to hear when somebody's back peddling as bush is always doing or rum stelt trying to stick up for the full. What a liar sounds like when they're trying to make up things kind of as they go along. They don't sound so articulated when they're back peddling. I just want to say thank you. Well, if you're familiar with put their feet to the fire, you know, for once, but they just won't do it. In fact, port 10 Kennedy was under this morning and the only way he even got his points across the just kept talking. He wouldn't show up which was great. I think you're doing a fantastic. Yes, I'm. And then keep educating these people to what's really going on in this country and hopefully we'll get it right in this election and get this guy out of here. Vote early off, man. You bet. See you. Welcome. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's the picture when you see next to it? 32 votes for George W Bush. He's an asshole. George Rodriguez 9. He's an asshole. Wayne Hizinga 8. He's an asshole. Neil Rogers 5. I'm an asshole. Matt George 4. He's got a big asshole. Mohour David and four. Wow. And a Ralph Nader four. Out of the first 66 votes. Oh, oh, 66. You know what comes after that? No, 67. Oh. W to Q. W to Q. Hello. Yes, sir. Who on that vote yesterday with the best character? Archie Bunker 1 by 2 over Homo Simpson. I can't believe nobody said Ralph Cram but he was 1 of the best. He was a lot. He was on there. He didn't win by landslide. I did a few. Oh, you kidding me. We don't mess around, man. We get them all on there. Anyway, he closing Bush's God. Yeah, okay. Great. 560, I don't know if I should see everyone in the pitch right in with the rest of his comments. I think that's why he's Bush's God. Praise Bush like Jesus. Get on your knees. Praise Bush. You know, when he talks in his meeting about how this engaged in this book, rather about how this engaged Bush wasn't all his cabinet meetings. And about how he's just worried about the cheese burgers. You could have this guy. You could have the video tape of it. But what does Bush's God? Sir, you're an idiot. You're just a pathetic. There's nothing anybody's going to say to you to convince you the truth. Always people that are human sacrifice. This man is a butcher. Yeah. And like I said before, he was a butcher about the butcher on Baghdad. We got the butcher of Washington as your president who stole the election right in front of your eyes. Right in broad daylight, right in front of your pussy. Stole it. And now it's like a joke. Ha ha ha. Yeah, big joke. You might have been a little bit of a joke. Had he not been quite so malignant. Right. If you can't find draft. If he'd only been the guy like maybe getting low jobs. In fact, I mean, what would you? What would you rather have? That's a good pull. What would you rather have a prison getting a few blow jobs? And maybe you stay on some bitches, blue dress, or maybe a killer whole bunch of people in making up lies to the American public. So he and his neocons can fight their war and get that oil. Sex bad violence. Good. How about if you have some oil on your dress? Oh, and I remember that young punk that called me several months ago. Like back at about April or May. Back in the early days, just about when at the bigger rack attack was going on and wrap it all up so we were told. And saying, thank you, Mr. President, for the cheap oil gas prices. Right. He was just rubbing his legs together. Oh, this is going to be great. Well, I've all had a rack you oil. Gas is going to be like 20 cents a gallon. Uh huh. Uh, they're saying now this summer maybe three bucks a gallon, eh. Oh. Thank you, Mr. President, for those expensive gas prices. Thanks for another good gas. Uh. Speaking of gas, that's what you get from some of those supplement drinks. Oh, man. Some of our talkie they taste awful. But interest diabetic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink that happens to be great. It's made for people with diabetes, but anybody who's like try to restrict their sugar intake can drink it and enjoy it. Interest diabetic's sweetened with splendor, which is made from sugar, so you have no a nasty aftertaste like you with ass pertain in saccharine. And I think that's what that fact that we got yesterday about the versilembal on all its. Recommended by doctors for people who can't sacrifice some proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry. You're going to love an arrest diabetic. It's completely balanced nutritional supplement that gives you all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life. Plus, fiber and antioxidants yet its low in saturated fat and cholesterol too. Interest diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and eight ounce can. Provides you with 237 calories of easily digest in nutrition. You try it arrest diabetic once you'll never go back to that other garbage you were drinking before. You can pick it up all over town now more and more people are grabbing it. Gravitate publics Walgreens, Eckards Navarro, Sedano, CVS, other local pharmacies. And the makers of this product are so sure you're going to love an arrest diabetic. They're given away free full-sized samples in vanilla or chocolate to anybody who calls their toll free number. 1-8-6-6. 3-6-8-3739. Or faster yet order for yourself on a web at www.intererexdiomedic.com. Just click on for a free samples. Be sure to message a new authority to call because you'll get an additional special gift as well. Here's that toll free number. Try it your like it. 1-8-6-6-36-8-37-39. Rye and local. We're sports radio 5-62 and 2-A-M. Behind the two Hollywood celebrities, 2 Hollywood celebrity music vibe, if you profile story. They will have Danish band who poke fun at one of America's cultural icons. Hey, who said the f*** Danish have a right to do that? They... were aqua. 1-8-6-6-6-36-37-39. 3-6-6-6-36-37-39. Even though we only know us for Barbie , we were quite popular at home. And he wants one, a Danish Grammy. Well, a Danish Grammy. When I went to a downward serine when he was like... And danner's.eneres. Ah, quite popular. I Zeinneis Vanenn rigtus, Oh, fuck! Thank you! Oh! But when you ran mass foreign awards, it's not all Aquas known for. They were also sued by American Toymaker Mattel, who owns the Barbie trademark. A Mattel spokesman spoke to us through an interpreter. Thousands of people. Okay, you think those people... ...things up there? How? In there they... ...things up with their... ...those... ...of... ...farby is ours... ...you, Aquas. But Mattel lost the case. A victory for Aqua. They spoke to us through an interpreter. No, no, no, no. I believe that... ... Aqua... ...those wacky Danish. Did they even know we named them the breakfast food after them? It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight. An inside of a line. 1,34,56, ...WC, I'm the mad dog at two of the humpers from the... ...Morzine Bahamas at Crystal Palacid 4. A Bush plans 1.5 billion dollar drive for promotion... ...marriage. ...Son our website. Administration officials say they're planning an extensive... ...election year initiative to promote marriage... ...as a... ...teller with sexual marriage, of course. Especially among low-income couples... ...and they're weighing by the President Bush... ...who promote the plan next week... ...and it's said that they only need a dress. For months of Administration officials... ...have worked with conservative groups on the proposal... ...conservative groups... ...which would provide at least $1.5 billion... ...here comes the money and there goes your money... ...for training to help couples develop interpersonal skills... ...that sustain healthy marriages... ...is the name good thing that the Greeks and Romans... ...than have those. The officials said they believed the measure was... ...especially timely because they were facing... ...pressure from conservatives... ...eager to see the federal government... ...defense-raditional marriage after the decision... ...by the high-squared and mass-attutions... ...that ruled in November the gate couples... ...had a right to marry under that state's constitution. This is a way for the President... ...to address the concerns of conservatives... ...and to solidify his conservative... ...fascist right-winged base, a presidential adviser... ...sit all those getch keys. So a several conservative Christian... ...and as a group are pressing Mr. Bush to go further... ...and use the state of the Union... ...addressed to champion a constitutional... ...menment prohibiting same-sex marriage... ...leaders of these groups that they were confused... ...by what they saw as the administration's hedging... ...and hesitation concerning an amendment. By the way, I think we screwed it up... ...because I said the wrong address... ...and never got to Eric a couple of days ago... ...to the story about Dick Cheney... ...since he would support a constitutional amendment... ...banging same-sex marriage... ...even though it's not of a course as a well-known dick. ...how do you like that? There's Jeff Cohen in here... ...is sucking around for more of a free-replugs and no ponytail. Yeah, he dumped the ponytail a long time ago. Would you get with it? No, I'm not a touch. He still looks like the same to me. I tried to tell you, man. You want to listen to me? I tried to tell you people. I gotta get out of this time. I can't stand it. All these people, but even better... ...but nobody will listen to you. I'm not just me. Nobody will listen to anybody who makes sense. Am I right? Yeah. Try to tell him I live right out there, man. I told you, don't do it. Don't know. I mean, you were helping to write it all on me. You know? Pull it out your ass, Jeff. So anyway, there's the story about pushing... ...is another billion in the half. But you didn't have here. 4,500 billion for a goal into the Mars and a moon. The sky's the limit. Just like... ...not. ...how we're Dean is saying, yeah, the sky's the limit. Beyond the sky. But there in the sky, Pluto's the limit. To the end of Uranus. On a credit card for all your grandchildren and great grandchildren. They're gonna be paying for all of this debt for a zillion years to come. Or like Wayne would say a jillion years. Here you go. This is good. You got any tickets for that playoff consolation game between the Browns and Dolphins. All you want, man. You can have your own section. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We put Rush Limbaugh on there, but I don't think you said it to Eric. Who's not listening? Let me make sure. Well, I don't want to let go through this again. With him today, because he's winding and complaining. Oh, again. He's acting up again. And we're trying to get Josh to take all of this off his hands. In fact, maybe Josh could just take over the whole website. I mean, Eric's been doing a fabulous job, but you know, enough is enough already. It's one thing to have a labor of love. It's another thing to like, you know, get over burden with it. Right? I mean, love is great, but too much love is not just ask her ranch. You'll tell you. It becomes a pain in the ass. Especially that skippy. She said, man, oh, man, she said you wouldn't believe that thing. If you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, in fact, we ought to put Jeff Cohen on there. He's an asshole. He wouldn't listen to me. God greedy. What happens to people when they get greedy? They get burned. They get burned. All look at his fingers, man. Look at all the sigitta. And maybe that's just that we could weed. All that crap on the end of his fingers. What even smoking, Jeff? Anything good? Bring us some here. Paul Mall. Paul Malls. Unfiltered. He's been smoking, Paul, and them all. That's what I heard. Anyway, George W. Bush is an asshole. Say 63. If you look up the word his picture will be next to it. Oh, whatever happened to that great George Washington, a bush thing we had. It was on our website. You email it to me in Toronto a few days ago. Yeah. Did you ever send it to Eric? I sent it to both of you. I don't think it did ever make it on our website. I don't know. I'd say again, see there's just too much stuff for him to do. And he's got so much food to eat. Wayne H. Zingers at a distant second place with 15. A battle appears to be for second place. It's a place photo. George Rodriguez 13. Neil Rogers 9. I'm an asshole. I sure am for a and look at that. More Howard David 9. I think there's something symbolic there. Matt Drog 9. She's an asshole and Ralph Nader 7 out of 125 votes. Long way to go. And we'll take many, many more suggestions for this poll. How about Rush? We're going to get him on there. I sent the. He'll be on there and he'll move up fast. I know that's a when we give a handicap. In fact, I think this would be good. We've had some other ones where nobody could touch Rush. I think the W and Rush will be in a neck and neck nose to nose. Right wing battle right off the right hand side of the M is Fudge ought to be up there too, man. What a only what a marriage made in purgatory. That's all fading. Faggot. Hope you're listening this morning, Matt. Matt. Time to get out of bed, Matt. Time to wash that thing off. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. You know that's color is Bush's God. Yeah. Well, it's no surprise when he liked Ralph Kram. But they both want something to the moon. Right. That's right. Hey, can I ask Georgia questions? Sure. Go ahead. George, when you lived in Calisville where you have drinkingage. I didn't live in Calisville. I lived in Libyan, yes. Uh. Sure. All the time. Take McDonald's. I would have tried McDonald's and played video games and then tried. That's what I do when I'm in a Mosque or a Mickey D's. I go to Twig. Jitter Biff and Mr. Sulu. All the time. Uh, and then right all the time. Been there. Great place. I'll make that late in Calisville. I bet he didn't know. Rust the Moosey recuse though. Have a great day, pal. Get out of here. Kill me. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I feel so much better now that I like unloaded that most stuff. You know, that baggage. I loaded some most stuff this morning. Right in the bowl. Spell this like, Mo. No, that's just I'm not playing that game. And I admit that it's weak. Uh, sometimes I will weakling. Cause generally speaking, I'm a pretty nice guy. I don't like to be hostile with people. But he just an asshole, man. He's just impossible. And he'll go on it. Well, I thought I knew this was going to happen. And he's sort of a bitch. I don't care what you say. Okay. Because in this building, it's unanimous. It's like the, you know, the woman says, Oh, wha army is out of step except my son. Yeah, I don't think so. I don't think so. The whole world can't possibly be out of step. And you're the one that's in line. Go stepping along. 560, look at those phones flashing frantically here on screenless 2004. We do, of course, we got to do the breaks. You just, you know, wait, cool your heels. We'll get to it. We'll get to it. But we got to fit all these spots in. Yeah, oh, yeah. Nice job by the sales department. If the sales department was spending much time selling spots, this grand doesn't are back back there in the other room. We'd really have some Muslim on the log here. She said she had a log this morning. Yes, could be said he wrote his name on it. 20 till noon at 560 WQAM. Let me tell you if your car is like, you know, of tourists as they say in Ethiopia. What do they call Ethiopia now? Ethiopia? Oh, he have turned out to repair as the place you have to take. You don't have to go all the way to Mesopotamia. There are at 53 North Federal Highway just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in Pablo Beach. Any of turn out to repair experience, the difference that experience makes all the ethnicanics are ASC certified technicians. They've got up to date with all the AST technology. It must have been with the EFT in the early 20 years. In fact, the EFT has got over 200 combined years of experience. No job is too big or too small for you from a blown fuse to a blown engine. From a 73 to a 2.04 Bentley, EFT turn out to repair does it all. All jobs are meticulously developed like the accuracy by the shop foreman. Every car is cleaned upon completion of the work. EFT is most extended warranties offer wide-of-way service. Most of you repairs too. You can't beat them. At EFT are not a repair. They treat you great. There are 53 North Federal Highway in Pablo Beach. Ask about their 90 day same as cash to winters credit card when you call a mat. 954, 4269926. That's 954, 4269926. Be sure and tell that perverted old Neil sent you by because they'll be real happy. But a big smile on your posts if you mentioned my name at EFT are not a repair. Nationally recognizes one of the most successful auto repair facilities in the entire US of a people you can trust. And EFT are motto is nobody cares more and nobody know where will work harder to earn your business. 954, 64426. The Wiggle with the Wiggle with the Wiggle with the Waw. Swatys with the Wiggle with the Waw. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we are so pretty, no more than anyone else, or who can, so woe, we would not fully live with you. How come something would be just for you, and it will be like us who live in our world again, it will each give us great joy, and it'll be like a shield from it and you all will not leave us, but we Okay 14 to let me in at 5.62. Here's my close personal friend Jeff Cohen. Just grab a whole lot of that thing in Yankees a little bit. You should be used to that. No, no, no. Wow. Yeah, I think all of this time, don't you think we can get like a real microphone in here. I know that we'll start up again. We just got the computer on the way. But that thing is such a piece of crap. That's the one to actually stuck here for a while, right? Right. That real tinny piece of crap. Yes. I'm like a pansy. It's really tinny. But it's shiny. Like tinny. It looks good. If it sounded as good as it looked, you sound like water crying or a crying site. But can't use all those buttons and give me some balls. No. Use the ball button. You're giving some balls. No, we could actually Jeff Cohen of the pizza loft in David. David, University Drive for the one and only between 5.95 and Griffin Road. Where things are still going strong. And that's all I need to be said about that. And you were just telling me, because I was watching. They just had another piece on CNN about the low carb thing. Right. Yeah, we're working on it. It's just amazing. After my good buddy, Dr. Bobby Eckens, had that bad slip and fallen croaked. And now all of a sudden, man, it's like, it's everywhere. You go to the bathroom and there's the thing on your toilet. It's a low carb dump only. Well, it was. Everybody's found the way to make money on it. So now everybody's on the bail line. Right. And the beginning was him and his book. Plus it's better for you. And they find it. But you know what? This won't kill you. But even when it was better for you, when people couldn't make money at it. Right. And here, if anybody cared. Right. Now that subway can exploit it, and now that you can, I mean. So just going to put a low carb menu on along with this other repost and ready of the stuff which is going to have like whole week passes and right. We, what about what about? Veal. We're, everything we're going to have a separate dish. Like you could get chicken parmesan with no breading. Are you going to use low carb sauces? I'm checking with the host sailors on that. But even the sauce that we listen doesn't have hardly any carbon. Please listen to me. Yes. You know, my good friends, it delights up there in Bokeph. You ought to get in touch with them. Or you're good buddy, skipping. I think I, I don't know who's a guy. I know the delight skies because they used to do the different spot where I used to guys Jewish boys. Anyway, getting in touch with them. And they got, they had sauces that are very low in carb that are out of this world. Mm-hmm. Really? That's probably the best product they have in our store of those pasta sauces. And they're just fabulous. And if you could use that, you could even even the regular sauce we have has very little Carlos. Marcos. Tomatoes. Okay. We don't, we don't add a bite. Tomatoes. I don't know. There's nothing. Right. Well, I already found that out in the last year. So what does this start, the low carb menu? It's a lot in Davy. Next week. I don't know that it'll be printed next week, but we're already telling people that if they want something that they don't see on the menu, whether it's low carb or anything else, as long as it's in our kitchen, we'll do it. And I don't let her maritae her. He was there yesterday. Oh, see? There you go. Call me last night. I want to go to Ruth. Chris, I'll buy. No. I'm not going to any dinners. I'm not going to your place either. I can't eat. I'm fat. You can't fire. Or you can bring your Shake will mix it for you. Yeah, shake this. I'll bring the shake of Erwin. Now, rumors are very nice. Some take in my kids to the hockey game on Monday night. He's not eating. It's just feeding him for free. I'm never going to eat you every day. Don't feed him for free. He paces bills. He just happens to be a very nice guy. He doesn't come back. I want to know right here right now. What percent this gun you're giving him for coming into this? Just because he knows me. If he comes and I'm not there, he pays regular price like anybody else. Right. If I'm there, he sits in a parking lot with Slysee. I'm fine. I'm not sure. If I'm there, then I'll do something for him. He's just like, what kind of card Jeff drives? I sit out there. He says I'm reading my hockey news. I'm preparing for the next broadcast. As soon as I see him whipping a lot, I rush right ahead. Jeff, how you doing? That's a crazy ponytail. If he does that, then I have no problem. But he doesn't yet. When I'm there, I just take care of him sometimes. Well, they're talking about sex. I'm talking about what he pays. If I'm there, I'd comp him 50 percent appetizer. Nothing special. Nothing that he can't afford to pay for the go there. Oh, he can afford to pay. He's there for the good food. He's there for the good food. No, sir. He's there for a tissue whisper. He'll end his sucking. We have a good time. We have some great conversations. Can you feed me for free? No. If I could tell you how many times he's billiaked to me about the fact that he resents haven't even paid anything there. No, he does it. I don't believe that. My hand, the Francis Ford. The Francis Oh, here. Okay. Madeline Marie Oh, here. I have no point. He really anxious for you to put him on a freebie. You know what? He really don't get anything. Check another regular paid. I charge him double. Okay. I would. Just other general principle. Just based on all the money he helped me lose. I'm sure I'm sure he doesn't tell you about that. It doesn't. That was a few years ago. So I heard about it back then. Yeah. Being at my memory is the fact that I don't remember the deep. I'm here to remind you about it. Right. But we're, I'm taking my kids to their first talk to game Monday night. Gonna be very excited. Now he probably got you some tickets. Yes. Well, there you go. I'm good. So if you want to take a sip. I'm kind of tickets. We've got tickets up the ass because they just make up the attendance figures here. Big game Saturday by the way, folks. Tampa Bay. That's a four point game. The lightning or at seven points out of the Panthers and the standings and the vision. And it's a four point swing either nine or five. Big game. Tell you, I'm dying to get good seats for the Rod Stewart comment. Bad news is Nathan Horton's out for the season almost surely. Yes. So if anyone wants to like trade a lot of a town in the hockey. So it's good to see. So lock the meat. Actually, we feed a lot of them at Rimmer's house because he has get together. Well, over there. But they go to where they go to his house. And we've done some catering. We feed a lot of them at Rimmer's house and who pays for that. He does. He invites him over. He has like a couple trays of food or whatever. Water is six or eight or ten minutes. Rimmer is feeding the panther hockey players. Not all of them. He's got some that he's friends with. Like who? I don't know. I'm not in a moment. I'm not even though Rimmer was. Until he introduced. Yeah. That's a nice tie. That's the point. But I'm starting this money. I'm going to be a lot of the pages. So many of these Neil Wattabies now. Just like Fat Rich, he goes to Joe Rose. He eats free breakfast with Joe Rose. He goes, she mooses with this one. Where goes to the track when I'm at. Which I don't mind. He's a good guy. But it just I've got all these appendages. Who like their whole life is based on knowing me. There's worse things that could happen to you. Like what? Oh, no. And Greg Reed. By the way, put Greg Reed on the list, Eric. Because man, if anybody is an asshole right there, this man has decimated this place. There was such chaos and such a bull and Joe Rose is not suspended by the way. Did you hear that crap this morning? Nothing. Good. I was sleeping. You were sleeping. I woke up 45 minutes ago. You look like it. Yeah. From one of my wildest. Wildest. I worked night. Work night for Jeff Cohen. I worked for Elias Redale Goldstein. Got him late. Do you know he lost 110 pounds? Yeah. Yeah. That stomach service. Lost about 10 million dollars. Yeah. He also got married in Las Vegas at that adult porno. Yeah. Last week. And last week how long they last? They're still married. Really? Nice. Good. Brittany. You know, I got married at a little bit of a vision problem. I got married at the little white wedding chapel once about 20 years ago. Yeah. I got married in Lady. Same lady that does the wedding. Same lady that married Al Goldstein. No, that married Brittany. Don't be bad. It was funny watching me on TV. Great. Well, what do I see in the gym? You know how you're talking about the management here and all that stuff? Yeah. It's just amazing. Absolutely. You know, the mother and my kids went to get a car at Fairbanks Life. It's just the way you said that. Why can't you say that? Well, because it's an ex-wife that sounds like you don't care anymore, but when they're the mother of your children, you always care because it's important because you want to care of them. But I was, I've been curious. She went into Lisa, New Corne, Turnin' Alice and she ended up having two cars when she walked out and I can't understand how to have it. Four Jefflees would have given us Scott Peters and Slow Number. So I haven't had speed down. Oh, good. So I called over there. Yeah, because I have no idea. Bobby Blake, he's got a lot of time. Yeah. I have no idea how it happened. So I call the general manager, Pete Grinnell. Six times, leave messages, just trying to get a return call. Because I'm sure there's got to be a logical explanation. I mean, the days of rip off bottom of field deals supposedly are over with all the consumer groups watching over it. So I know there's something that happened that someone could explain, but I can't even get a return call. Look at that. This is amazing. And I don't know what it is. They're selling TV, New Corne's prime time channel 60 down in cable. This is somebody from eBay. Is it a poster? Is it a, what is it? How much they do? They don't want to put. They're selling for two bucks. I don't know what it is. They're selling. Is it a card? Is it a, onused Max Rack card, continental size minimum, where's the condition? It's just a card, like a baseball card. And already six bucks. Oh, I'll bet a man. What the boobs up here. Look, there you go. Can you believe that? No. That's the kind of racket we ought to have. So we ought to have so much of crap on the internet. Tony right now. That's where it's at. So, have you ever been opening up a low carb restaurant right now? There you go. You know what? Just in the restaurant business. We talked about that 15 years ago. What do you mean by that? Well, we talked about partners and all that stuff. Yeah. You went nothing to do with the restaurant business. No. I don't blame you. Not business. I like good business better. Especially when I'm not in town. Somebody nominated Bob Greasy for the poll. I said in 30 years. How many? Bob, could I do me? Anyone who didn't think he was an asshole. Apparently the definition of what Bob Greasy is. And of course, Brian is following a daddy's footsteps. I wouldn't say Bob. Well, everybody I know would tell you that he's an asshole. But in the year I worked with him on Channel 33, Do you know him baseball? He was odd. Let's put it that way. Very distant, very peculiar, not especially friendly. And his son, who used to come any was 10 years old. The time coming hang out in the broadcast booth. His son, to read out to me. Brian Greasy. Who keeps falling down all the time? Drop into ball. Speaking of that. The offense next year, baby all the way. Yeah. I wasn't even going to mention that. I was going to try to be nice to you with all the other problems you created for yourself. It wasn't great. Let's talk about the hook a little bit. It was a great season. Yes. You don't make the playoffs. It's not a great season. When your wins are mostly against a much a little girl's team. It's a great season. There isn't a little girl. There are no little girls on the channel. Second one. And a meaningless game against the jets. I'm not going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I'm going to be a little girl. I don't think I'll be seen in while it's here. It's 2 minutes before noon at 5.60. WQF. Here is vanishing. Just ponytail vanishing. That's because he chopped it off. If you're a hair vanishing, because it went down the drain on the floor all over the place, everybody in there sister now is trying to set you some other kind of a hair breeze. It's just amazing to me. Talk about a little car. This hair thing is all over. In fact, I bet you that broadcasting school guys are going to be so unhaired pretty soon. Because he's big on the holes in the head. Charles Alphiary doesn't want you to walk around looking like a silly goose like mole or like sand Donaldson or like poor Dennis Cassinence who get a lot more votes if he looked like a human being. He wants you to look your best and your youngest two and you can do that with Charlie's natural hairline system. For over 25 excruciating years now, working with the famous and then also famous and everybody in between, Charlie's been making guys look their best. And you have nothing lose but that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look a level out older because you have a 30 day guarantee. But third man. You were to piece for a month after a month if you're not really ecstatic about it. You're not getting laid like every five minutes. Get that thing back to Charlie. Give you a full refund. No problem at all. And the prices are ready. Reasonable. But if you mention the arages when you call him, I can extra 200 bucks off that already low price. So call today and say goodbye to that bald spot. Get yourself some real great looking here. Call Charles Alphiary in for a longer day. So, it's a total free. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log under that website. Charles Alphiary.com. My life and low. This is 4-0-560. You wait too many. Hey, got it sucks. This is how I David. When I take my fell bean, I listen to the nail rages 12-1 hour. Not judge. He's stupid, tailing from rustic Mayberry RFD. He went on to become progressive rock school greatest and best groomed artist. And now, all his best love songs are available on one CD. It's the very best of pink, Floyd the barber. Oh, welcome Andy. Oh, welcome to the scene. Green paint Floyd the barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box set that's a cut above the rest. Money. Get away. Get a good job and good hey, and you're okay. The second say it could be a fireman like me. The very best of pink, Floyd the barber contains all your favorites. Like, have a cigar. If we tell you the game of the game, oh, we could be right in the green trade. Oh, yes, I like game. As well as this pay Floyd the barber classic. Ron like heck. Hey, Marty. Oh, they can't you with a back seat. They try to pick film and lose lots. Oh, Andy. Andy's gonna say to you, like a headbeat. It occurred more to Blacks running. Ooh, yeah. Yeah. The very best of pink Floyd the barber is not available. Insta will call now. Oh, three or five, 60 WQM happy. A Thursday, two tomorrow's the big day. Wanna clock tomorrow at the fall rating book comes out. It's gonna be really. It's D-Day D for disaster. I mean, eight, six and a four, man. That's not the good progression, you know. Whatever. Two, four, six, eight. Who don't we appreciate? Neil. You got it in stock yet? Well, why not? Any minute now. I can give you a plug and say go over to the appeal of the day. Be the English yourself. A lime die coke. You don't have it? We'll just take some lime and squeeze it in the back. Yeah, squeeze this. Struggling the boost like a soft ring sales in its key US markets. Coca-Cola said Wednesday. It's rolled out a lime flavor version of its popular. Dico drinking source for operation. That sounds good. I wonder if it's caffeine free though. I don't know. You see what I mean? Probably not. Because like the lemon die coke is good, but you don't. I don't. I've never seen it like caffeine free. No. No, no, no, no, no. Vinyl a die Pepsi. Or vanilla die Coke. Right. But no caffeine free. No. The word's largest software maker said it was backing its new die coke with lime drink with the National Add campaign, including radioax in internet billboard promotions. The company planned to introduce the product in Canada in March. All right. Diet coke, the top selling diet software in the United States and worldwide is going through a line extension since it's launched in 82 an hour code's cherry. Lemon and vanilla versions additional line. And puse. And what about the civic cat flavored die coke for the Chinese? They just squeeze the cat. Freshly just squeeze the old cat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They're juicy. But some of not the old ones. Pond 5, 60 on the 18. Makes sense for that. And Verizon wireless line. How's that pole coming? If you look up the word asshole, an dictionary, who's picture will you see next to it? George W. Bush 84. Rush Limbaugh, your right man. He's moving up the ladder fast. He's ready to make a challenge ready to make a big move. Pomp a couple more rush 27. Wayne highs in good 26. Howard David at 19. George Rodriguez 18. Yours truly 15. Ralph Nader 11. Matt George Missfudge's got 10. And Greg Reed's got 3 already. He just went on there. He's got 19 votes and Greg's got 3. All inside the building, by the way. Everybody inside the buildings that a vote for Greg. Anybody seen him lately? No. Good. Let's keep it that way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5, 60 on the 18. Don't forget to read a couple of pages from the important book here. Okay. The Paul on the right. By Ron Scott. Don't. Don't go out there and waste your money folks. I mean, let's see. Got a lot of cash. WQAM. Yes sir. A 2 place I want to ask you about the first traveling. Pittsburgh and San Diego. I'll just hang up a little bit of your comments. Thanks. Excellent. WQAM hello. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I know. Okay. I'm on your phone. Oh James Good. David trying OJ flavored die cope. It's good. Okay. Let's go to OJ Simpson. Oh, Jay. They're not who to hello. It is. OJ. OJ. What a suck his answer to this radio station man. But your jocks nippers. What a bunch of losers. This place is just like a no house. These are region. These are people who they won't live in a locker room. That's that's this crowd. Not the on the ear people. But I'm talking about the ones in the background. The little jocks nippers. The ones who press their nose like patoon you pick up against the glass at the macaroon during the hockey games. Just like patoon you pick. Yeah. Trying to get a sniff. Oh, Steve. Why is crash niffin? Oh, it smells like lemons. Muskie. Fiat. Ed Muskie. I thought he was dead. He cried that one time. You know. Five six. On the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Remember Ed Muskie? No. Nothing democratic loser. He cried. WQAM. Yeah. I'm going to talk to Neil. Speaking. Yes. And then he held up. How are you doing? I'm hanging in. Okay. Me too. I'm hanging. I'm hanging. Talk about hockey. No. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Pond five sixty. On the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. That was Danny Gallivan calling him from the other side. Yeah. It was a simpillating call. What's Danny would say. WQAM hello. Hello. My truck thinking to Neil. Yes. You are sir. Okay. I wanted to know if anybody calls you up about the Michael Moore appearance on Charlie Rose last night. No. What was kind of interesting. I was why I tuned into it. On WLRN. The Broward public television. I run it between midnight and 1 a.m. I didn't know was on TV. I thought somebody we mentioned was going to be on radio yesterday. Well, I caught the last five minutes of Michael Moore and then I decided well I want to see the whole thing. Right. So I watched Charlie Rose on the Miami public television starts at 1 a.m. Happily through the Charlie Rose thing before they get to Michael Moore. Somebody a channel two swat the tape. And some boring author who wrote something else is some grandi tape. They didn't let Michael Moore appear. What? Why is that? I don't know. I tried to call Channel two. They wouldn't tell me. It sounds like some kind of a right wing plot to me. It could be. It could be one of your just people locally pulled the trick. Wouldn't surprise me. And a conversation through how much you've heard. Rodriguez. Yes. Out for now. Okay. Excellent choice. I'm out of a cereal. I'll reveal her. Alice, pink, a pecania is good. Alice, Penalis. Yeah, we don't have to have a zillion names on here. Even a gin in like Wayne. I'd like to see Wayne do a real good on here. How's mode doing? 21. See, people are like easing back off a little bit. Don't do it. I mean, do whatever you want. I'm not going to tell you what to do. I can only do what I want to do. What do you want to do? I just hate him like poison. No, no, seriously. How did I get sucked into that? I still can't believe it even happened. Because you're a soft, it's surreal. It's surreal. I mean, when somebody woman is saying, if you'll go and feel their mind on your walk on it, you know, I mean, just hostile is hell, you know? Like I had taken a dump in his living room or something. And then like five minutes later, Kuchi Kuchi Kuchi, you know, I'm sorry. I'm not into that. You have the soft gooey center. Not for him. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. House for round one. And then I don't want to go into it. The stuff he was talking about in here yesterday. How he see, in next time you talk to your buddy for real. Yeah. He may have never ever learned who his friends are. No matter what. No, you told him that. And he will let him die anymore than all of the other stuff I would listen to. I mean, you know, he's basically a good guy. People loved him on the year. Now, well, what's your take, Pony, tell us. Should I ask you that when you went in here, but don't come back. So what, what are you hearing about the frog and can I'll cue him? I heard zero. Yeah. Oh, no. I hope your car gets stolen. Well, I don't get taken personal now. And that was bad. Hey, guy. You haven't heard one word? No, he says no. The general public doesn't hear any of that. The only one you say on the radio is all about that. What does that mean? No, but I mean, in other words, nobody has said gee, we really miss him or he was great or nothing. Anything? Well, give me the honest answer. You don't think, I can count to answer that you think will be palatable to Jeff Rimmer. Give us an honest answer. When it first happened, right, there was people asking me if I knew what was like customers asked me if it would happen if it's a prank if he's coming back. He's ain't coming back. And I said, and I said not to let it all in. But it kind of disappeared pretty quickly. I mean, he was in the market for a short period of time. June, July, August, September, October, five and a half months. I mean, that's nothing really. I mean, people listen to him, but it's not where you build a loyal following that's going to like tracking on like Rick and Sudge to this day. We still get people asking, are they somewhere? What's going on? Right. Because they were in the market for so many days. Right. But it was different. He wasn't around that long. And the questions in last very long. There's people. He thought. Well, whatever. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, he was fun. We had fun here with him. Sure. But he just, you can't talk to the guy. He just blew himself up. He just, uh, he has the death wish. I told him that you got to, you had a career death wish. You started job in a minute. Two minutes after you start, you're looking for your next job because you know, you're not going to last because you're going to do something to get yourself canned. And boy, it's your game on enough rope here, man. Even Mussolini would like a little more of that rope. Sure. Seriously, they gave him plenty of rope. And he just kept the yank in it and the yank in it. And that was it. Especially when he was calling tough names and stuff started crying. Yeah. Well, when it gets under 60 degrees, those notes crying too is very emotional guy. Uh, if you look up the word asshole in the next scenario, which, uh, face will you see next to a George W. Bush 93. Rush Limbaugh 43 moving strongly in the second place. 48. Who's great? The great 48. H Wayne High Pinker boy, Rush walked by Wayne like he had a ball spot. We don't have to do four breaks this hour. We can do like three. Right? We're not going to already padded. What do you mean? So next for. But we don't have to do that. I'm on a roll here. Now we don't have to put a bunch of phony, uh, drunken spots. That's like that. George W. Bush 93, Rush Limbaugh 48, Wayne High Pinker 26. They're not too funny when they think you're an asshole. And they know they're on the bed crap. Even any of the pope, I mean, when I saw that, I knew that the cat was out of the bag. You won't hear too much of it on this station because like I said before, most of the people here either around the dolphin pay roll or they're like, uh, got their head up to the dolphins asked like pony tail in there. That's where he lost his pony tail. In fact, if you walk around, Wayne didn't grow a tail. That's Jeff's pony tail in Wayne's ass when he pulled us out last time got stuck in there. Yeah. We can do a DNA test. I guarantee you're in DMT. George, right? Or let's see, more how we're David in 25. Most right on Wayne's ass. I bet he'd like it. George Rodriguez 19, Neo Rogers is an asshole say 16 and I'm proud of it. Miss Fudge is catching up to me and I'm running like hell now 12. Gotta know he knows what that thing's got. Half Nader 11 and Greg Weed still only got three out of 253 votes. They're gonna get into this pool. Believe you me. We'll get a whole bunch of other names. Nums. Now what we got today, take a look. Jim Ed is was kidnapped by a bunch of Indians who used to be real buddies but he would defoe. So he might or might not be on a two. Seriously, Kim, we love Kim Boa camp. We have to say nice things to have big guy. Chai. Chai. But not he is a great guy. But why do they get, and of course, guilty. Now they still silly. He must have been on laughing gas this morning, Gully. You didn't hear any of it. No, I know. I did. I mean, maybe he was just in such a good mood. But I tried because Mo wasn't here. He was such a he was just spastic. And then he and the bulk camper concoct this thing about. Oh, Joe Rose has been suspended for something he said. I mean, just keep listening and Kim Boa will tell you about it. And it just, oh. The last thing we need is to be talking about people with getting suspended on this stage. It's people. Right. You got a good point. Let's bring him back. I'm a little kid. One more chance. I'll take him. I'm right. I might even, I don't know. My chains of pull at one o'clock. Oh, Eric will get a really upset. Yeah. No, he won't. I want to change the pull. Can't. About for real. Okay. I miss him. Right. I'm serious. I'm not just saying. I mean, I wasn't friendly with him because I was never here. I mean, I friendly. You know, huh? You were here a little bit. Right. Not like. But I'm just saying I wasn't close. Personal friends because I was never here all that much when he was here. I mean, like with Mo, you don't have to be here because to know him is the Hatham. But like with for real, he was he was fun. He was fun. He was he was uncontrollable. And you certainly couldn't have a conversation with him because he wouldn't listen. Yeah. It was just like on the air. You're talking to, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. He's doing that. Because I, and I keep trying to tell the audience what you heard on the air. That's him. That's it. There's nothing. There was no difference. Off the air on the air. What you see. What you hear. What you smell. That's what you get. Occasionally, he would use fewer words on the air. Occasionally. And once in a while, a few extra. I got to local the 60s, 50s, 50s. Where you're going, your, your, your, your, your. You, you, you, you. You, you, you, you, you, you. This station presents real American heroes. Real American heroes. Today, we salute you. Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker. Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker. You didn't get an invitation. So you didn't know it was me, why, oh, being. And you were empty handed. Who drank my entire 60s? You, Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker, have the gusto to eat the entire bowl of nachos. Yes, hey, did you just double-date? I have a son that has could eat. What's more, you also invited a bunch of dudes. You met at the gentleman's club. He's the coolest, they sleep for her. So the next time your wife's high-enquaders are pitched by an unidentified drunk. Who's about to pass out on your couch? Raise your finger and salute to. Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker. A real American hero. Mr. Super Bowl Party Cracker. Someone get a bucket of these going to throw up. Oh, right. From my 10 to 560 WQM happy Thursday too. Now, how many breaks we do in this hour? Three? Yes. Okay, we have no spots on the law by the way. If anybody out there would like to advertise on WQM, call screw-in-winic. If she ever gets your ass off the floor. That's the whole station. We just have no spots because we're like easing into the new year. We don't want to overdo it. Now, the Apollo Neal of Deal. Don't forget to read some of that book. Oh, yeah. Ron Suskine, when are they Pulitzer Prize? But he certainly couldn't win one for this book. The price of loyalty. I don't want the Green Van Guide to Field Bad because I really do appreciate it. And you saw how I was overwhelmed with it. I wasn't. No, but seriously, I was very appreciative because I thought it was going to be fabulous and it turned out to be less in fabulous. But I'm just going to read two pages if I may. About two and a quarter pages. Well, take no time at all. O Neal for his part received. This is the whole thing about energy and Kenny Lay in ahold of. O Neal for his part received three short phone calls that Lee winner early spring from Andron's Ken Lay. In one, Lay advocated, federal support of a derivatives trading markets for fuels. In another, he voiced support for global warming initiatives because they would favor natural gas, a big part of Andron's trading business. When he also received a strongly worded letter of protest from Goldman Sachs, CEO Hank Paulson about how the federal price controls in California were injuring the investment from subsidiary J. Aaron and company and energy supplier to California utilities. J. Aaron pulled out of the California market was not among the companies later to be charged by the federal energy regulatory commission with price manipulation. If process drives outcomes and axiomonyl and his fellow pragmatist live by, this combination of confidentiality and influence by powerful and treated parties would define the task forces and analysis of energy issues. It meant O Neal says that environmental concerns went virtually unrepresented. So on March 19th and an hour long meeting in the cabinet room, the president was hearing dark predictions about the economic effect of a looming energy crisis. Everybody played their parts, literally. For this president, cabinet meetings and many mid-sized large meetings he attended were carefully scripted. Before most meetings, the cabinet secretary's chief of staff would receive a note from someone on the senior staff in a White House. The note instructed the cabinet secretary when he was supposed to speak about what and for how long. When O Neal had received his first search note, he was amazed. The idea of a cabinet meeting when a significant meeting between the president and a senior multificials being scripted seemed to kill off the whole purpose of bringing people together. He had been in many White House as he never heard a such a thing. But by now he didn't question it, at least he figured he had his regular one on ones with a president. Virtually no one else in the cabinet had that sort of inside track except Rumsfeld. For today's meeting, the stage direction come from device president's office and is expected Dick, Dick Cheney went first, sitting in the chair directly across from the president. He talked about the task force structure, its methodology and the sources ended a relied upon. He said that the goal of phase one had been to assess more clearly what the energy needs are of a growing country and how to meet them. O Neal then talked as scripted about the way rising energy caused with cripple the economy and how the California crisis could spread to other regions, driving up energy caused for the coming summer. Spence Abraham addressed the beleaguered coal industry which still produces half-enations energy and how rising gas prices could be caused by unfolding supply constraints in the US. Secretary of Agriculture and Venoment offered a short rendition of how rising fuel prices would affect agriculture. Larry Lindsey described how energy caused washed too many parts of the US economy and hit certain areas of manufacturing especially hard and around the table they went, Whitman was asked not to speak. It was not asked to speak, synd difference. O Neal was watching Bush closely. He threw out a few general phrases a few nods but there was virtually no engagement. These candidates secretaries had worked for over a month on detail reports. O Neal had been made to understand by various colleagues in the White House that the president should not be expected to read reports. In his personal experience the president didn't even appear to have read the short memos that he sent over. That made it especially troubling that Bush didn't ask any questions. There are so many worth asking about each of the areas O Neal thought as he said quietly, dozens of queries running through his head. This meeting was like many of the meetings I would go over the course of two years he recalled. The only way I can describe it is that well, the president is like a blind man in a room full of deaf people. There is no discernible connection. There are some bombshells in here. There's a few here in there. But it's just not as much as the hype was much greater than the content. But basically what he's told me is that the man is a figurehead. He's a doodle bird. He's not running the country, which anybody with a brain already knows. That it's Cheney and Wolfowitz and Pearl and Rumswell. Kenny, the Frickett, Kenny, Kenny Boy. The Cabala of right wing Neocons and Big Business rap artists. But hey, we don't care. We love Bush. We love by and of course any time anybody says that to you know there's a word that comes to mind. I'd like that guy to call before that said Bush is God. You know what the word is that comes to mind. I got one in mind. I can't find it. Oh no. Where's the one where he spells it out? M-O-R-O-N. That's not even in here. Oh, I thought you were going to say stupid. Oh, well, same thing. Stupid. Get the essay in there. Stupid. Okay, let's get a few more names on here because we're going to change the pool or one o'clock. I've factly had them on an Iraqi. He's going to be upset with me. I even apologize on a sheet of paper. Sorry. Oh, R-O-N. Where's that under? Just the moron? Yeah. See that. You have no system, no, see? I do HD-Dash all the Howard David bits under. HD-Dash. Yeah. That's where I was looking for it. I just don't like your system. Mr. I like my system and Toronto much better. Well, what, what, what, I don't see it. Tell me again. What is the HD-Dash? HD-Dash? Yeah. No. It's not in here. How could I just play it? I don't know because it's not in here. I'll bet you your life on it. All right. Not in here. You're dead. Anyway, should I read the pool for one o'clock now or later? Now? Okay. I don't know what inspired me of that. It was something happened with ponytails sitting there. It just because I was asking them about that out of curiosity. And that book is coming out on a clock tomorrow, which I think is going to be really weak. But we were going to surprise. That was in there hoping, as if he's got something to do with it. But, you know, I think we really had something going there for a while. Maybe we did not. Maybe we were deluding ourselves. You think? Hopefully no. Why? You think we had something going? Yeah. We had to go on. And now we don't got it going on. I don't know if we got to go on now or not. I don't believe any of this. So it's a trend or two. So what? Oh, you mean the numbers? No. No, no, no. People are talking about that. I'm just talking about some more mental. No, no, no, no. It's exciting morning and then too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the fact that it was following somebody that like we had in the crossover. I heard a guy called Mad Doggy. I said, how come you don't ever do a crossover with the other two o'clock? And Mad Doggy went on a stance. He said, I don't do that stuff. Well, he said, like on the newskate. Oh, it's big and I say, oh, see if I talk soon enough. I like talk myself into something that I should have been talking about before. Hmm. If I talk, uh, rapid enough. The channel six news blows with all the respect to our friend, the our blockhead. I mean, I love Joe Rose. But their newskates are horrendous. There was that awful triple fatality on the southern part of the turn podcast today. Right. And they start out with a story. Right. The top of their newskates. And you heard the voice of a woman. I don't know whether she was like an observer or witness or, and she's saying, oh, my God. Look at that car onto that thing. Almost like it was some kind of a comedy bit. Hmm. I mean, it wasn't serious conversation at all. And then you see it's like this mangled Toyota and they're like three dead people in a whole deal. It was not a funny story. Yeah. Channel four wins by default. And they sit in the yuck it up and they're yuck it back. So anyway, Mad Dog says he doesn't do the yuck it up real well. Like when he's on channel 10. He just that's not his bad, which is fine. Plus he's only got two hours anyway. Why do we want to take up an even his valuable time? Right. He should take up some of your time. You got lots. No. No, no, no, we don't, I have no need to do that. Once in a great while we have done that. That's fine. But I mean, he's a he and I are as tight as it gets because I've thought I've shown him the way. I have shown him the way the promised land and he's very grateful for that. Plus he's he's I guarantee right now. This is not a good poll to take him. You know where they ought to do it on the QM website. They did it once before about a year ago. Mm-hmm. Which QM personality is your favorite? Remember they did that one? Right. And we didn't even get a chance to do it because Josh Cortis was told to yank it off before I came on a year. Right. Trying to make everybody else look good the sports. I still wanted. I guarantee a mad dog kicks my ass and everybody else is too. He's he is so. He's loving anyone. And he wonder why they love him and what's not to like right. You see what I'm saying? In other words, he's not controversial in terms of like he doesn't talk about politics any. He likes ass and the the dolphins and you know. See what I'm saying right. No, no, who don't like ass? Nobody I know right. So there you go. He's just a well we'll do that one day. We'll get Josh to do that on a QM of course. The Josh's your clearance over here. The other Josh clearance there. Oh, how dare you be? You're manipulating our website. He won't say that to my face. But it'll do beyond the scene. We'll get his permission. We'll get permission from clearance to take that pull on the QM website. Maybe tomorrow. How many votes you think will be on there? But third and the most of course we talk about it in the way like 3000. Pretty sad. And that's because it's the same 30 people call out a sports show. So here's the pull. We're going to take it one. Should and I'm not saying that it's going to happen because I'm sure it's not going to happen. But I'm just to see the general lay of the land just for fun. I think all your posts. Yeah, just to just to see if you've got a post. Stop. What are going to post? Should QM bring for well back? Please tomorrow. No way. He sucked. I'd love it wouldn't last or who the hell has got for well. There you go. There you go. Pretty easy. I know how to do a pull baby. Believe you may I see in a few of my time. I know how to whip out a really good pull. Should QM bring for well back? Please tomorrow. No way. He sucked. I'd love it, but wouldn't last or who the hell has got for well. We'll get that one up at one o'clock. Or maybe even sooner. Let's do it now. Okay. Let's do it whenever it feels like it. See, I feel bad. Because now he feels like I'm picking on because you keep telling that. No, no. I'm just kidding with Jesus. What a reaction. Guys, just a joke. Because he thinks it's all for real and serious. Woo! No way, doesn't. There's a long list. He knows that this is a family. I'll stay in the house. Don't you realize what a phenomenal job he's been doing. Yeah, I do. And I keep telling him that. Yeah, we love him and, uh, yes. And I don't like to think you hate him now because that commenter on the show. I had to do psychotherapy in the middle of the show now. About what? Because he said that you were going to take the website away from the movie. I didn't say that. That was the only one. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I should have a couch. I've loved. It's a labor of love. How many times have I laid eyes on Iraq? In my entire life. He's up there in Orlando, who is lovely. Why? I see him twice. That's all. He's not going to slump down here all the time. Especially. I mean, I'm never here anyway. Most of the time, thank God. So what's I. I have nothing against him. It's just that you and he and then of course when B.N.R. Boy was your man. I'm going to go ahead. I'm going to hide about our clusterfube. Wow. I don't think I'd like that. The few thing. I like fuc better. clusterfube. Right? Okay. Well, fuc. You said a, um, some hockey player name. Fuces? No, fucua. I don't know who the hell I was. I don't know. That's what is going to be fucu. I like that. Fuc is like two, uh, clansopoft, two soft and clansical. Anyway, what we got in this other pole here the second one. We got a pole parade here today, man. A pole parade. Uh, if you look up the word asshole in the dictionary, who's picture would you see next? But now we didn't really have as many people on here as we probably should have two bad. We had a nice select list. We have not let the bunch about ones were on there. Right? The important. The important ones were on here. 302 votes. We're getting to 400 and then they're going to change it. If he gets around to it and if not, well, uh, uh, let's see if you looked up asshole in the dictionary. George W. Bush is leaving 170 to see his picture. Rush Limbaugh's catching the commander in thief though. Rush has got 67. He's running fast because he wants to see if the commander with these got any good stuff on him. H Wayne Hyping has got, uh, 31. Mo Howard David at 29. George Rodriguez 20. George truly. Neil Rogers has got it changing again. It's changing. Oh, he just changed the pull me for a good. Oh, that's it. That's it. Unleave. I had 17. I don't know what was after me. I would like to have seen what was after. Can I go back or well and I work? Can I, uh, he'll put it back up. Oh, no, it's CNN money. That's an article. I have it. Come on. Put it back up. They're just faxed to me. I do something to learn. He did that intention, right? No, that. He did that to say. See, see you silly old man. I'm going to read the thing about it. Take him like another 10 seconds. Anyway, the other pull is up there. And I'm thinking, okay, I'm going to, I'm going to vote for that. I'm not going to tell you what I voted on there. Please. I'm not going to tell you. What? Nothing. Now, that thing this morning really, uh, sourd my whole life. I didn't like that. So would your grapes? It's sour grapes. That's what Don Cherry said. It was just, it wasn't good. It's it's so silly. It brings us down to such a level of, of, of, of Juvenile. Siliard and what's happening. Yeah. I mean, you're going to, is okay. But super sili. This is not so good. This is your super siliestation. Oh, and why, why can anybody just take your couple of days off? It certainly no novelty around this place. Nobody's ever on anyway. What? Phone is ring with Eric? What does he want? He just, wait, I won't leave him alone. Eric, we need to leave George alone. Please. He's got that wife and kitty didn't want. Just leave him alone. Anyway, George W 110, Limbaugh, uh, 67, Wayne 32, Mojower David 31, George 20, Neil Rogers 17, Matt George 13, Ralph Nader 13, and 68 Greg Reid is an SL out of 300 and the 309. There you go, that's it. Now we can change it. Or uh. 20, 7 till 1 at 5 60 W. You can be your friendly station. It's a love fest. We are sports radio five 16. Ju-A-M. B. American girls. In American guys who only listen to the message from the Uber ride, will have their table tall flying. As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night. Hiding under the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid to fight. So I sit right here near the TV far from liberal. Last under their covers, you'll discover. I'm a big station. It would prepare to have some mother do the biting for me. Now this country I love is hockey fine, I rack. And all the suckers like me, whose nicks are bred in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In Mojou's big brown eye. The big mouth cowards of the world who gladly follow blind. Hey, Uncle Sam, up to a grade. To fight over and list. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the back of my truck. Knock it any out, a pseudo patriotic dumb f***. And my view of the cold wide world is what I see on Fox News. Yeah, I'm an armed janitor warrior. Who knows better than you. Yeah, I'm an armed janitor warrior. Who knows better than you. I'm an armed janitor warrior. I'm an armed janitor warrior. Who knows better than you. I'm an armed janitor warrior. I'm an armed janitor warrior. But you know what? To watch TV or new guy do you want to see his watch speech? In your head in a wittch ear. And to watch TV and hold my finger in the white Feet. So I can pull on my hood To proudly show the swat's a good tattooed on my nuts The Saudis are our best friends in the world I throws our rackies or keys Yeah, I'm an armchair warrior Who knows better than you? The good? The good? The good? What's the deal? I'm a warrior The only one that won it 5-60WQAM 28 votes on our third and final pool of the day Get up, it's in there Should QAM bring back Scott for real Please tomorrow eleven No way he sucked eight I'd love it go to wooden last one last five And who the hell let Scott for real? full But that's a real, really simple Wait until the votes come in from the outline districts district. That's the first one to eat votes. Or gazzams as a touch of a button squirt squirt. Not for you guys though. Oh. Women around the world are being told they can now have an orgasm as a touch of a button squirt squirt. The makers of slightest touch. Say their device can give women longer, better and more intense orgasms. They claimed their device can trigger an orgasm without touching a woman's genital area. According to what was it? Was it on channel maybe with six? They were pro. Yeah, it was. It was some NBC network show they were showing a promo and granted the woman had a a screw down, but the guy's got his hand right in her crotch. Yeah. You saw that? Channel sex. No, I didn't channel sex. And then after that got kind of boring. According to the manufacturer, a slightest touch worse by stimulating the body's sexual nerve pathway. Uh-huh. Women started by drinking and electrolytes for storing 20 minutes before using the device. They then applied two white electrode pads inside their ankles. These pads are connected to the slightest touch device, which is about the size of a personal stereo. With a flick of a switch, the women little allow like a light bulb they get turned on. The device stimulates the nerve setting genital pulses up the woman's life for between 10 and 30 minutes, leaving women on the verge of climax. On the edge. The slightest touch does not provide orgasm, said Cherice Davidson, the company's director customer support. It gently stimulates the social nerve pathways, taking the woman to a pre-orgasmic plateau where she dangles on the edge of orgasm for as long as she wants. A couple of days. From their genital stimulation can then affect the orgasm. BBC News Online has been unable to get independent scientific verification at the product worse the queen turned out a chance to try it out. But Ms. Davidson was used the device for three years, insisted it's effective. She's been using it for three years and that's non-stop. It can be a great benefit to many women she told BBC News Online, I've been using mine for three years and I just love it she said. She said the product and the woman who simply wanted to improve their sex lives and those who've got problems achieving orgasm however the slightest touch which sells for 135995 is insuitable for everybody. It's not recommended for women taking anti-depressants those who are pregnant with some underlying medical conditions such as heart problems. The UK's FPA, formerly the Family Planning Association, urged women to get professional advice before spending their heart or cash 13995. If women feel they got problems with the sexual relationships it's better to go and get professional advice about the possible causes before spending a lot of cash in a special product said a frigid spokeswoman. So do you recall was probably really like seated crews in disguise. A guy with a big or an hour or some broad with a big strap on whatever it is. It's something. How can you really tell what Syria? Even if you check the aspirators I don't think there would be the answers. She was many things to many people. 560560 pound 560 on all of that 56 votes bring back for REL tomorrow 21 please. No way he sucked 17. I'd love it but it wouldn't last 9 and who the hell has got for REL 9. WQAM. Yes sir. I do it pretty good. Green Van Dave. Hey thanks very much for the book to bed at some. I'm starting here then it blows. Well it's not your fault you didn't write it. I know I still got the receipt though so I'm taking my back to bed. I got it. You want me to you go on a keep it around. I'm not better keep it. I might find something worthwhile in there. Yeah I didn't pick it up yet but I knew you'd be on top of it in the book too. When I heard you say that that's quite a disappointment. I can't say it when one night I was going to read the whole 200 page book but I you know I leave through just about every chapter and every section and just searching and scouring for some really good meat and I just it was like being an a vegetarian restaurant I couldn't find much meat. 60 minutes high by guess. Yeah I'm not saying that there's nothing in air worth reading but I think what I read before which took about two minutes I think that pretty much sums it up. Well I'll just keep it in good condition and hold on to my receipt. I know I was driving around with a bunch of people a couple of weekends ago and had your best of CD in the car. Right. So I popped in I had a couple of 80s and the fact popped it in and of course you know which is the first song or the first cut and one of the ladies in the back said I love this song and the song kept going and going and it was hysterical to see their date. What song was it I don't remember? Would you invade my whole tonight? Oh yeah! So I think she did love it. Yeah the listening to the beginning and she barks out I love this song and I sat there and said oh she has a surprise comment. Excellent. Well thanks a lot. Yeah you're back to town. You're the best band thanks. Keep brought me to book yesterday paid for it and I'll keep it. Now let's see speaking of Enrique. Which paper was that in? Do you see it? No. It's there's nothing to read in these papers. I hate to say that I want to sound like a sour push but there's nothing to read in any of these papers. It's not in here it's in a Harold so I probably like burned it. I got it here somewhere. About Enrique important stuff that I tend to have a personal Christmas card from Enrique. Yes you did. Had something in it. I get cards like that sometimes. It was moist. Anyway thanks Enrique love you baby. So here's the deal. Enrique made very soon say uncle. Well this is old news it's in the Harold today. So old news. While both pop singer Enrique Iglesias and his father classic Kruna Hulio de Gresias are well known for charming the ladies. It seems the 87 year old patriarch of the family takes the crown. Enrique's octogenary and grandfather noted gynecologist Dr. Hulio Iglesias Pugas. Is this? He wears a Pugashell around his neck. Is expecting a baby with his 40 year old wife Rana Kite in the spring. He's how old is he? In the 80s don't say exactly. The new arrival conceived after Rana underwent treatment at US Clinic providing artificial insemination means OIC. That 60 year old Hulio Iglesias will have a baby brother and Enrique will welcome an uncle nearly 30 years not turned man. His junior get the honey junior. Dr. Iglesias and Kite secretly went and flowed to three years ago. The dad to be as already a great grandfather thanks to Hulio's daughter Shabel Shabeli. He got a hell of a belly Shabeli. 32 as a two year old son. I even know he had a daughter. No I didn't need it. I know Enrique's brother who is like our resop. He floats. Oh love. Love Enrique, you're the best baby. You can't sing too much. Well he used to be able to. No he can't sing. He's he's hot. And he loves this show. He's the one family can always count on. Even with all the rest leave his line in the dust. Which you'll see tomorrow boy. You realize it's only 24 hours and 14 minutes to let book comes out tomorrow. Whatever. And then then we'll see who's going to be a happy smile and who's going to be crying. 94 votes should Q and bring Scott for Reldback. There is any chance but just for fun. And of course probably a lot of the forl people they've already turned it off. That's what the beast in the McGillerson. What you want in vacation. That really was so depressing. Oh everybody they all bailed out. They're not going to turn it back until for Reldcum's back. Well what is that? Whoever heard of such acid into the uh only in this place. Only people like your good friends uh you know the beast in McGill. And I noticed the beast never came back in her debond today. After I like you know socked them to a little bit. You right? Then come back again. Go on. Maybe didn't smile. I will see tomorrow. What kind of a greeting I get. Now tomorrow when I come in if that grumpy old man. I say I don't want any more argue. I'm not going to have any more debates with him. I got them to talk to him about it. If he'll just sit in there and do a show or if I pass him in a hallway. I'll you know good morning. Hi or up your is or you know a few cue or what. I don't care. I don't need to speak to him. That isn't necessary for him to do his job and me to do my job but the short time that I'm here. And life goes on. I just don't like you. Okay. I can't stand you. You've just you're just evil is what you are. What are you trying to say? I'm trying to say he sucks. 100 votes even. Please bring for I'll back tomorrow 37. No way he sucked 24. Who the hell has got for RL 21? I'd love a voter to last 18. Have a mixed bag. Which is what figures are? Brazil finds obscene US pilot. You can see this? Plus the news story. Yes. How the figure. And American Airlines pilot's been fine 12 grand for making an obscene gesture while being photographed at sail power or airport in Brazil. The pilot Dale Robin Hirsch. I wonder he's akin to Mitch Hirsch. Set up here. And other crew members were arrested on arrival from Miami. Ha ha. What a surprise. They've all now been released. American Airlines has agreed to pay the fine issued an apology. They want to apologize. Over the airline out of the pilot not intended to be disrespectful. Of course not. Brazil has been photographing and fingerprinting USVision response to solar US requirements for visitors needing a visa because they're pissed off. The incident occurred when Mr. Hirsch 52 and his crew were going through a security check after arriving from Miami. Mr. Hirsch raised his middle finger as he was handing papers to officials in an internationally recognized obscene gesture a Brazilian spokesman told reporters. Mr. Hirsch was taken to a federal courthouse. Oh, I mean, talk about having no sense a humor. The authorities decided not to press criminal charges but instead imposed a fine. Set that fine. Francisco Bautazar de Szilva, chief of sail power, I'm telling you do not go to Latin America. No. You might just not come back. Don't go to Haiti either. You won't come back. Not because you like it so much. You just won't come back. Francisco Bautazar de Szilva, I wonder if he's kind of Chuck Bautazar, used to write a call to. Chief of sail power, federal police, and Mr. Hirsch, and apologize repeatedly for the incident. Basically, it was a joke that a bad taste, Mr. Dassil, was said. Ten other crew members were also denied entry to Brazil after causing problems during identity checks. American Airlines has apologized over the incident. The captain of the crew members certainly meant no disrespect they said. The incident comes in a diplomatic tension between the US and Brazil over the security checks which came into effect at the beginning of the year. Brazilian President Luis Inasio Lula de Silva. How come all of you, especially about 85 names? What is that? Because there's only so many last names to go around. Like Chin? Right. Yen? Yeng? Chiang? Johnson? See, the black people he's got creative. I'm not saying so much with the last name of the first name. Oh, yeah, well. Like Latisha? And Kowisha? And Shawama? So due to lack of creativity. Right. And I'm not too... Oh, I see, by this fix. Anyway, the President, President Mr. Yadi Adiyati, on Monday, S.U.S. President George W. David dropped the visa requirement for President Zenoi in the US. He's thinking about it. He's having another meeting asking for the cheeseburgers. Are he flies Shawama to know how come he ordered trade for lunch? That's why he's not there no more. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This thing would have a low carb, man. I have never seen your right to about earned the caller was right. Marketing something? Man. How about you, Dr. Bob, is seeing a different tune right now? He's saying that I wish I could have been a marketer. I wish I could have been had some marketing assistance. God. He had a great diet, great ideas. He knew it was crap. But I'm not saying he didn't sell a lot of books and make mootu dinneral. But these people now put him to shame. They bury him. Because I'm telling you, you can't watch any channel TV, even though the Discovery Channel. You can't watch any goddamn channel, even a comedy channel. For more than 50 minutes without seeing some other low carb fish and some... Right. Right. Yeah, everywhere. And now ponytails are going to have low carb. And then I just say as a non-fat-slop. Yes. That it's awfully boring. What? All this low carb everywhere you go. But you're one of the 10, how many people in a market are fat? About 30, man. And you're one of them. So, a poxon use skinny people. Look, if we don't have time for people who aren't fat. There's one system. What's a new legini ultra-neutral fast slim one? Yes. Eat less, move more. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm really moving a lot here. Send in this chair for hours. I'll go to the track and sit in that chair for like six hours. It's the same routine as last time. Welcome. How dare you walk on a good idea? I want to go with a mommy's house. Huh? 123 votes should QM bring Scott for well back. Please tomorrow, 49. No way he sucked 28. Who the hell is Scott for L25? And I'd love it, but it wouldn't last 21. There you go. WQAM. Hi, why are you looking at me? Speaking. Me or it's out. Uh, hey, you doing hi. I'm suggestion for a poison. Who is it? The disadvantage. Uh, uh, suggestion for a poll in the future. Okay. Which, why do you stop when you started saying it's Alex? He just said, I said, I don't know. I just said, bring for you. Okay. Um, which notable reunion will be the first to go or I. I have 300. The mother and child reunion. What about either Dan and David to light two light for Ramoa, Neil? That's already over. Okay. Did already over. I'm sorry. I was almost at the distance. Oh, it's it's funny. If you need to be. You can kiss my Fed as I try to go on the yesterday. I guess I'll give him a day to wait. I just don't like the guy. That's all. I'm not, you know. And I know he's going to be very offended and act very, you know. Uh, it's him against the world. I'm just, uh, I'm not going to lie for him. No, you go. We're good luck to Neil. Thanks, Alex. Bye. Bye. Bye. See what I'm saying? I just have a little bit of a conscience. Not too much or I wouldn't be working here, but I have a little bit. And I just, it's a lie. It's a fake. I tried it. It's like a fake orgasm. We just can't do it. If you're a guy. If it's, it's, it's just out right. You don't feel right about it. Like, you know, just express yourself the way you be feeling. And I don't, I'm not buying into it. It's all fake. And I got lulled into it and sucked into it. You just can't spit in somebody's face. And I'm like two minutes later. You know, kissy kissy kissy. Plus that peace man. Wow. That things, things. W. Q. A. Hello. Yeah, let me speak with Neil. Speaking. Neil, it's, um, I know it. Now, we mean, you just did the same thing that the other guy did is, uh, you can not say your name. I don't really care what it is. But why did you stop and then, uh, you call yourself there? I didn't know if you wanted me to. I didn't know. Don't put it up. Don't do it. Somebody might recognize your voice. Okay. Well, I've been knocked on so soon. Okay. Fies, we don't do jokes on his show. He has to serve. We tried the same thing the other day. You're trying to get in. We don't do jokes. Sir, maybe if he tries again tomorrow. Oh, I'll lock us. And next time you call, give your full name and rest. Phone number and suicide. Then we can go and have some maybe to crap out of you. We don't do stupid jokes. WQ have line nine, which is all. And there's nobody on her. But you missed a good one. Ah, damn it. We're doing screenless this year. We don't want to have anybody in there sitting put up with crap on the phone. It's more exciting this way. Sure. It seems to be working pretty good. I mean, the effect is the same. Anyway, I just don't want to leave people hang in for a half an hour, 40 minutes while they're on a hole. I mean, this way, they can let it ring a little while. And depending on how much patience they got, then, you know, good luck to them. They don't get to hear the dumps. And they don't get to hear when, and that's another reason that some of the people can't be bothered with all their foul crap because nobody's going to hear it anyway. Ha ha, how do you like that? John, but that guy is so boring. He's not as boring as the one with a boring voice. Yeah. Those were the kids who were like, hey, the whisperer. And then you want to, you miserable son. Yeah, oh, geez. Such a boring, few can town man. And you know, when they talk faster. Yeah, when he comes back, he's really got a chance to get on there. Much better. All the way, don't dump that. It's just, it's so pathetic. WQM line one. It's working great. Hello. Yo, no. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Talk to me, sir. Come on. You can do it. All right. I got a question for you. What is the difference between the way that you act in the radio and the sense that you say whatever you want? I don't know what I would do. Language. Language. He didn't, uh, I'm not. Yeah. Because he, he, he, I ain't speaking to the same line. Language, Pally. He just didn't know where to draw the line. And even though they kept showing them, here it is right here. And he just, uh, kept racing in, I guess. Not even close. Not even a contest. Plus the fact that these people don't realize how much stuff they had. Two people sitting in there on the dump buttons. You can't, you can't have somebody on the ear who doesn't know where to where to draw the line and have two people have it to press the dump button because they keep saying crap. Or whatever to hell, it was saying which I don't want to repeat. He just, you know, a lot of fun. But he just out of control. He needs to like, you know, knock it down a couple of matches. But he won't do it. Eventually, see, that's going to be it with him. Either the day will come on finally after taking enough crap and after enough, uh, you know, self-imellation. So finally wake up and say one day, I got to cut it out. Or it just, you know, he wind up out on the beat selling a frankforders off of a cart. WDQAM. QAM gone. WDQAM hello. Hey, I think the nail speaking. Yes. And the hard. Great. Yeah, I had a interesting doctor. I can experience. Okay. My wife brought a, there's, there's indulge bars. Fried one. No. He's indulged bars. Oh, God. I didn't know the indulge bars. I just grabbed the handful of them ran out of the door. Hate them. About three hours. Oh, how about those? Wow. Brue, um, off the you. You just got it, man. I adore the blue part. You what? I adopted a puppy. Really? Thanks, kids. I'm going to give a couple of dollars and take them home to the end. Surprise John. I'm taking a getting five or six dogs. It's not that sort of beautiful. I'm unfortunate. He's got three legs. Three legs. But we're going to take it. He's got three legs. Three legs. What do you do with the other one? Eight. Eight. Eight. He rocks. He rocks. He rocks on the top of the pond. So he rocks him on the pad of the block. Right. That makes me sense. People are doing anything, uh, able to dogs like that. They need to be, uh, horsewoods. It was a pet store and, uh, tempered pines as a matter of fact. Magic, something. I don't know what they're called. Magic pet. Yeah. Many of those are bastards. It's taking our no great show. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Big one to two our code up. Baby Wayne heard nothing yet. We got the mad dog at two. Unless he's going to be held captive by those emotions that just landed. I understand that in the Bahamas, they're having like quite an uprising. So the Hank, uh, the Humper will be on it for from the Crystal Palace on less. Of course, he's also being held hostage by revolutionaries. By much of a castor revolutionaries. Oh, wait, if you hold a Christian for print for it. You could take your call and come in. I ain't personally feel in no more. That's a loony. Well, I was a Christian. Soldier of God. Believe her, all these years. All that time, I followed every word of the scriptures, written by queers. Get your keys, take his power, hold gonged in and on, on and on, on and on. By deep way, except in 9-11, when he must have been gonged on a bus friend's holiday. Take your call and shove it. I ain't going to worship him no more. Just that you're all right. If you're with us, because everybody else is gonged. Good job, get in time. Watch and be both time. Give the name of it and visit the Lord. Take your call and shove it. I ain't worship him no more. Take your call and shove it. I ain't worship him no more. Thank God, we don't got no religious fanatics in America. I'll tell you that. Like them, tell heads. 101-560WQ. I'm here's the fact that says this is going to get everybody going to shake it all up again. You know I can like this air city, really. Says hello, Neil, last month I asked about the streaming on the webpage. They just won't stop, you know. Since you're on the Eric subject today, you think you can get him to work on this little minuscule problem? No. I tried listening to the New Rogers archives on a webpage. It's frustrating when the connection drops after start from the beginning of the show again. Is there anything you can do? No, or ask Eric to fix your modified the show's archive. No. So the user can fast-forward or jump to the next hour of the show. No, thank you. You're welcome. How about if go to that person's house and bring all the tapes that we have? Right. That's good. Whatever they want to hear. Okay. For them. Every one of the shows over every day. All right. Okay. They only problem is there's no address or name or phone number. Or anything. So if they were just like us know who they are, George will come over to about 430 or we have no. Try to have like a little, you know, have a little snack, a little snack, write the time down. Have a little snack ready for them. Okay, maybe a little, you know, roll a big favor. One more time right and calm down a little bit. 151 votes who QAM bring for real back. What do you say? Come on. Let's do it. Let's give it up one more chance. No. Please tomorrow 60. Who the hell has got for all 32? No way he sucked 31. I would love it, but it wouldn't last 28. I don't want 51. They're all over the place. But let's see. 60 say please 20. So that's 88 to, you know, they want it. They want it. All of the least, they're still here. Contrary to what the Miguel was telling us, oh, they've all turned it off. They hate you, Neil, and everybody else too. They've gone for a, as if we had something to do with it, you know? But they'll, that we have to do with it. So Eric says, even Mo said, what during our moments of moments of conversation, he said he knows that I, you know, I tried numerous times to talk some sense in a bad trial. And he would listen to me. But anyway, yes, one can jump around on the archives. All they have to do is wait a second until the show actually starts. Brian starts screaming and then one can jump around. That guy's a moron. Ha ha ha ha ha. If the connection is going out, that's him. Oh, I'm sorry. Speaking of that guy's a moron. That's not in here. Oh, I was supposed to go in there and find it. How are you going to do that? It's not in here fast. But it's not in here. I'm guarantee you. M. Oh, R. Oh, N. Ha ha ha ha ha. Before he got like a half away in here, I already had my thumb on it. Jump past her. Yeah. Just playing with your mind. What's left of it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 6, 6, 6, I know. Pound 5, 60 on a 18, 60. I got to be honest with him. People think I'm joking about a lot of things. This place, this is, how did I ever survive that long in this building? This is how anything to compare it. This is a bizarre joint, man. This is, you know, there's nothing like a bestocker. This is a joint. God. Oh, speaking of joints, never went shocked by first deadly school shooting. Oh, the Netherlands was trying to make sense of the first deadly shooting in a school after a deputy principal of a high school was killed by one of his students. A student of the terror college in the Hague shot 49 year old deputy principal, Hans Van Wuren in the head to day in the school cafeteria in full view of many of the students. The critically injured teacher was rushed to hospital but later died. The suspect, the 17 year old student at the school turned himself into police after the shooting, but as we few to talk about what happened, the Dutch prosecutors office is open investigation. I think they ought to put that kid into a Dutch oven. Dutch Prime Minister, Jan Peter Balken, that needy, and he, expressed it out in the, I know, his shock of what he called a horrific incident. Such a thing should never be allowed to have an hour country said, how about some other country, idiot? Balken and the and Queen Beatrice of Netherlands on Wednesday, both sent letters of condolence to the family of the victim said the Dutch Royal Information Service. The authorities wouldn't give any information about a possible motive and ahead of the school, Gerard Van Nortonburg told a press conference yesterday that he had no idea what drove the suspect to be doing this. This is not a problem of our school. It's a problem of our society's a whole. We can't protect ourselves from madness, he said. Who's school in the past have been committed for its safety record, not no more. Almost five years ago, four students and a teacher were wounded at another Dutch school in Vigheel when a student opened fire in a computer room all those victims survived. The survey that they took of teachers and managers to find out what this is all about said, the rise in his violence is do mainly the verbal abuse and then incidents like threats and physical violence were not on the rise. Well, thank the Lord for that in need of lines and else to believe. See, it's not perfect. No, where? No, how? Better than the nurse. First, assure you, man, when you got everybody's got guns, bad crap happens. I know that's you're not supposed to say that. Don't say that. But everybody in the brothers got guns. What if that crap goes down? But it goes down easy. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon, Marles, it's smooth. WQA is just like cool cigarettes, just like Salem. WQA, M. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Pretty good? Yeah, I don't want to keep ponding the same thing you said every time about what's going on with the government. And it would take all the time you want. You know, but I'll tell you the truth, man. It's that should have been a piece the long, long time ago. What are they waiting for? You know, they've got all the evidence they got everything in front of them. But get good on clear man. You see what? Well, the thing that I love about Dean the best and he said it again last night. He really went on a big whole hog on it. Is that the Democratic Party has failed? They've sat back. They've been co-concephers in helping him do all of this crap. And even they're like Republican light is what most of the Democrats are. That's why I like what he says. Exactly. They're all in the same boat together. So they can't be pointing each other finger because You did the same thing I did but in different other parties, right? Basically, you know, and when we're getting on a hash. You know nothing against the Jewish people. But you know, they had to retry everything they said about doing as Bush being a a Nazi and all that being yourself a Jewish man Don't you hate seeing a Jewish person rather German car? Yes. It was a yes, I can't stand it. You know, and then the criticize noted was a Holocaust. It was just that. But yeah, well, well, Amen Next time you see that drive him off the road Good job, yeah, that's right. What do you think they made a men's Mercedes men's 560560 pound 560 drive a nice American car like a Corvette made in polling green, okay and quit Poshking around I'm not getting that new vet. Okay. No, I'm not the part There's no point. I don't need them just not here often enough. I like mine just fine It's got 20,000 miles on it's got a long way to go. Maybe even in tears just to look pretty good shape What the other way need new car for it that thing is like it's like a fast caddy lack man. I just love it that's trade and even full Better not be in fact who the hell knows what's in it 567 Oh 60 550 Hey, it's bigger that you better get the what's his name in here soon. Yeah, I was gonna call I need to find out what that's all about because I'm not gonna leave here with just my thing in my hand like sentino, you know WQAM Yeah, I'm gonna put in your horn. I like me on you're on Yeah, stay with my board for okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah WQAM hello WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yes, my name is Robert. I'm a first time caller. Yes, sir I'm just curious to know your opinion I know all George wishes it all but you've never been interested in how curious you in this country right and I just like that with your opinion on the healthcare situation and how come America's the only westernized country that doesn't have universal healthcare? Can you answer me that question? I have no idea but I agree with you And how come they're saying that the drugs in Canada are like, you know, gonna poison everybody and they certainly don't want American consumers to save money They want everybody to roll over and be raped and ripped up by the pharmaceutical companies. Why is that? And I'm gonna tell you why cuz they're a bunch of grave robbers, sir, and I guarantee that when you buy your prescription drug in Canada It's exactly the same in fact it comes from the same kind of company from the same assembly line from the same bottle that it comes from when you buy it at Walgreens or records I agree buyers and grave robbers, sir, and the fact that this this government is so overtly and blatantly big business and the fact that little people in middle class people are sitting there sucking their ass They cost to show people get what they deserve You're right and I believe it's one of my biggest concerns that I'm sure a lot of Americans are concerned Right and I wish they would just absolutely something to tell them would do it that well vote for Howard Dean ten or twenty times and let's see what we can get done You got it thanks That's another thing they were credit party just absolutely taken a dump in at last the good term election just sucking wind But that we we really do need it if they if they screw it up again this year then we need another party Let's have one okay, I'll bring so many tail cater it and then by the way a rumor has to pay double. How do you I think you like that That business of people you know that entitlement well I'm Neil's friend Well, what does that got to do with I got plenty of friends they don't go and sucking around for free meals Just because they have it under cross the street the rumor. I'm here and is that he moved across the street from there just so we can give free meals Did he wouldn't do that would he? Yes, that that's a rumor I'm starting out here Then he moved right in the hood so that because he knew Jeff was there he was like a captive audience When did he say was there just yesterday and then of course he's got all the hockey players there. Oh, you know come on give me give me give me give me Terrible just shameless Speak in the Canadian Jews that drive foreign cars It's 11 past one at five 60 WM. Hey, I'll tell you one thing if you feel like crap that means you probably didn't get a good night sleep last night Which also means you're not getting good night sleep any like because your your mattress doesn't make a recovery Doesn't heal it's all like a sore it doesn't heal up So if your mattress finally gets to that point where it's like lumpy and bumpy and ain't gonna get no better Well as you do something about it, which means make that one easy call to dollar mattress toll free 1800 macros celebrate this new year and real comfort for months and years to come with a great name brand Macros from our friends at dollar macros nobody gives you a better deal all the way around and dollar macros now is proud of that It's turns and foster to they're already unbeatable championship lineup Stearns and foster you what is the finest mattress made in America and now you can sleep on one tonight by calling toll free 1800 mattress and of course They also carry the complete line of ceiling Surt a Simmons King Coral and tempered eating choose from doesn't the models that lower-rated discount prices only dollar mattress Let's you choose that two hour delivery window That's right you can hop right through that window and they'll be there any day the week seven days from 80 into 10 p.m. like noon to two two to four three to five You picked the time they'll show up so with low prices Same day delivery frees that up in the mobile. It's a piece of cake to see that dollar macros is the best in the universe anywhere all the way around So what do what I've been doing for years George is doing it Orlando Orlando while's Aquarius probably doing any Subwear yeah, he's doing it somewhere Miguel all of them speaks that'll rub you know same thing call up down on mattress today And you'll be sleeping and doing it in comfort tonight call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES or Check them on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com 856 From I have no talent but great public relations, but I'm in heavy rotation on MTB. I can't just smile and sell a billion copies with hair so sloppy and my rich cheese. I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years old and I think it's about 10 years over time and the packers lost that playoff game, huh? What's he saying up there now? Maybe he gently weeps too. Why did he weep? I mean come on, girl people, wait a place for example Alkita passed you an innocent Indian leather garment export of the Akkaida part in quotes An Indian Muslim at the center of a terrorism scare on transatlantic flights is an innocent leather garment exporter I don't believe it they didn't like him because he had that career Roma the kid-caree smell You ever sniffed kid-caree? Sure, just morning the man this full name is Abdul Hai Muahamid I'll know how to do Jeff Hai You're an amid Ilias Iliyan You know how they knew that he was bad news. Hi, I'll eat that's the first thing you said on a plane Is based on the Southern Indian city of Madras with business interest in US in Europe? Which requires frequently or travel and the investigator said Ilias name phonetically matches that of Alkita operative movie Abdul Hai As in I I'm telling wanted since 2002 hi, movie The confusion began when US intelligence agency scanning airline passenger manifest picked out Ilias name What if he's akin to Iliya Kovulchub? Who boy they can't score in an empty net Atlanta boy there got problems? Listed for travel on their force air France per se le flight December 24th as a pass a possible match for a high Hi, I'm Ali Wanted since 2002 this suspicion diviner see this is they're just trying to cover it up remember the friend said it was a no such a person on air right? There were no tear waste on air So I just keep keeping people right on edge keeping everybody peeing in their pants just because the guy had a little bit too much chicken curry for lunch Everybody about to beat but about Alkita Alkita man Terrible let's get back to that third pull man. This is big you turn 222 votes in about 40 minutes. That's not that's probably impressive when you say impressive considering they're all listen to the rush now Oh, it's speaking of that. Yeah, you know why did he ask that out left here? You listen to rush mad dog was on and went into commercial break for the first time in years I punched over to Iodine it was rush and that that asshole phony factory as to which I still think mustard it About well, you know rush those this number He was reading a long pond resarted. Wow And he doesn't just read it he pontificates and bush told you as imposed policies are pervers he just talks down everybody Yeah, he's out he doesn't read anything. He shouts his whole show. He's just pomposity It's a three hours of pompous acidity every day. I used to have to play those tapes When I was a friend of all Latin American Lee. I mean Jesus God Anybody that would buy in that crap me. We found that way. Yeah, you know, it's gotta be true Was that it sure so in other words if you talk at a very a condescending way it means you must know without you to end a condo Lee's away who else would sound that way Schmidt You know what he said yesterday? Hi, I'm Pally 200 eight votes on a forlpool Come on. Let's bring him back just a sneak him in there when nobody's paying him attention. I hope your car gets stolen Sure Q and bring for real back Please actually he's in here see that thing that's on tape. He's here. Hey, yeah, please tomorrow 76 see if both can brick and make stuff up like can I forl returns tomorrow 8 to 10 Right sure like can I make stuff up? Not that you ever would not that we not that we you have a sports nerd show with a bunch of real silly people Isn't our people are real serious chamba? Please bring him back tomorrow 76 no way he sucks 49 who the hell is Scott for real 42 and I love it, but it wouldn't last 41. I think that last 41. I think they got you know They'd like it, but they know they're eating no way just to win last With the start how do you know that? Stranger things have happened. I Think he's out there in a hall right now talking to the middle management people people evil while we know that 21 past one let's get this phone smoking here baby. It's your day. It's your deal 567. Oh 560 as they say in the poker room at Pompon Park is your deal 560 out of CBA to those people wow WQM hello no change. All right, John that was done when that time was done. I was staying major I think it was done play put it that play What time to stand major show on how many hours how many days a week is he on? WQM hello That's me too. Yes, sir. Oh WQM hello Speaking Aren't they good. Oh, I love I told you we got nothing. I'm sure in total. We also have show Let's get C spend in the here to hear they to hear the profound comments to we haven't had one woman today not a woman Not you'll see when the book comes out tomorrow. We have a we all points in women We have a busy work. I'm so tired here in that crap Who'd have you kidding? They're sitting around watching Jerry Springer judge frickin Judy using that apparatus You were talking about that that come apparatus. I was talking about before under ankles They're grabbing their ankles They're on their back well. That's what's grand as all times a good exercise She lays on her desk on her back and then grabs both ankles Skinkles Skippy said it was a Nah, I'm okay WM hello QAM Part of the Jones a twin Martin production. Thank you Bill Ross calling in thanks bill from the other side Who said that Jonathan Edwards is gonna anything on us? Let's start talking to some dead people. See Moga some so when I talk about dead people Let's start talking to dead people Sure, why not Serbates them sports callers. I'll tell you that. Well, what do you think about that right guard is he still in you? And all at Danny crap man you Danny people you need need to get a life. Oh, he's gonna be in management He's gonna own the team. How do you know huh? You wouldn't know Danny if he came to your house and lick you on the ass WQAM hello And that was not that week that was so bad shame on you man. Faker in a week. Thank you. Bye guy WQAM How are you doing pretty good? This is Virginia key I haven't called you in a long time. Okay, but the reason why I was calling you is I didn't know Do you know what they used to live at the fourth you know that the sit the animals are causing SARS besides lunch Actually besides lunch. There's a big reason anybody out there that uses must Perfume my colonel it comes from a rectal gland from that animal and man They actually hang this thing from its tail take a flat piece of wood and scrape this black nasty Nasty with a hell of a dog kind of like a president Alpha these glands left it right at the end is putting a jar and then that's what eventually becomes must So those are expressing their anals being go wow. Oh, you guys that I'm sure you know can you charge it on anal express I don't know wait put on the put on the defense department's bill. They think they have plenty of water. No problem But anyway for those you guys I'm gonna find some on Mars. Yes, plenty of it Tell you that along the way, too. I'm sure well Inclusive give me a little girl and you all have a good day and speaking of musky Did I would talk about it musky before he cried who any died? 560 50560 pound 560 on a AT and see and Verizon wireless line 241 votes on the efferald pool. Let's start to build up big heavy duty now Are they you think the powers that be are looking at this thing? No, no Tors not they don't pay me attention. They're out to lunch now Clarence you come to us comes wandering about 940 now every day goes out to lunch about a quarter of noon He comes rolling back at about 10 to 3 leaves and goes home at 430 How much do you think he's pulling down out of here now? How much 140 that's a good guy. You got to be kidding me. 140 what dollars? Yeah 241 votes should WQM bring back Scott for real. He was big baby Oh bad He was who the cat is place all fired up again, and I'm that's it Please tomorrow 89 the number of the great Alexander McGillney boy. We sure need him back No way he sucked 56 as in Q 56 Who the hell is Scott for real 49? I do we never believe those that just because no matter what we put on there It is about the assholes that'll vote for it and I love it voter wouldn't last 47 And we haven't taken one call in line nine today. WQM line nine Hey, how you doing pretty good good. I got off your pole. Yes, Harry Flasher. Oh my god I couldn't stand that guy to go such a err Okay, but he had a lovely ball spot though. Yeah guy guy had the press now You're well when he started getting suspicious when he started bringing them up pork cheese burgers He started getting really pissed off. He's got a little porky about it. Yes. I got some point up And this kind of a sports related but really if you go to website WWW about money shots.com and to CGI Websites like videos and stuff like that They've got a dominant Macnav video. I have Make it no, it's not a bank is commercial and if you if you apply it to have George Gordon or maybe you can go there You'll hear that they have like a little rush Go rush reference in there. I think actually I love it Yeah, I like they I hope they rip him an ass if I can Easter if you go there WWW dot money shots.com or just look on the web for re-box XL And as a matter of fact, if the paper is closed to Indianapolis, which I hope they don't but if they do this week I'm I'll pull for the Eagles in a Super Bowl just to piss off rush Right on but check out them and that eats it really cool. You have to listen for it Okay, but you'll hear it's really really cool. All right. Thanks. Thanks, Phil. See you 27 past one at 560 WCM the mad dog was scheduled to be on the day at two But we have some rumors now that for rls gonna be on two to four every day In fact, you know, well, let's just start making up some phony schedules one up. Huh? I mean the real ones wrong Right, she's gonna be on tomorrow morning between five and eight 8 to 10 we got for rls back in fact what I'm gonna be is I'm gonna be a for rls sandwich I'm gonna be the meat in the middle for L.A. to 10 for L.2 to four Right, okay John bears for tithons gonna be on four to six tomorrow given away $1 bills The millionaire oh oh Don't it that's way before your turn that would be like our live three lives with the Herbert Philbrook Richard Carlson Oh, I love talking about those reo. I probably shouldn't do it cuz Valkyrie brands out of town He's the only other one at the old enough to know it 27 past one while the old farce man they're listening to one of the listen to life now lifeless Seriously, what are the old farce listen to these other fetching are they listening to WK18 classical music on AM? Huh? You're listening to a beautiful few right now Who did the fives? Bokbok didn't most of the listening to a Bok few you know what you know what you can if you're gonna read that and job a few your boss too if you're underpaid the back at him New years resolution don't happen by automation all you gotta do is just make a little simple phone call and you really can change your life and put the plans in motion Call fast train right now at one eight six fast train classes are running away right now If you're committed and dedicated fast train can help you out in becoming a certified computer Professional in just four short months to make a long story short having a real career and a big fat one and a paycheck to it Goes along with it. That's right kids yourself a new hot paying career in just four Count em short months the demand for certified computer professionals is in all time high That's what Todd direct tells me fact rain offers convenient day evening and weekend classes John placement assistants financial aid for people will qualify to so call fast train today toll free One eight six six fast train check them out on the web at fast train calm whatever you do Don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Here's a chance to get out of your dead end job and get a real life call one eight six Fast train this year. Make your new year's resolution and reality with our friends at fast train You're dirty clothes kick you when you're up and kick you when you're down Get your back with a mate tag washing machine Give us dirty laundry Where they taste My apologize for playing that they told us we don't want to be here in our dirty laundry here on QAM They didn't tell us that they know 1325 60 WCM wait to hear well let me do this facts first Okay, okay, I'll say the good one. Oh Four jocks accused of taping student to toilet see them. I mean that's not bad. It's in the Sun Sentinel low Four wrestlers at David Crocodile High School in Jones of Bortenasy are expected to be disciplined after taping a 14 year old boy to a toilet seat taking a picture and posting it around a school The boys about their Linda Clark said the he's against him and happened about two weeks ago, but nothing was done about it I think it's a sham and it disgrace my son was humiliated like this and it was unpunished Clark said Clark said her daughter took one of the photos to Crocodile Principal Henry Mirrible a rather time of the incident, but nothing was done Clark went to the school Monday and confronted Mirrible or is that Mirabil Muddy bed muddy bell she said you call that a penis no Muddy bell so one of the boys was not in school on Tuesday wanted to get all four together before handing down any discipline Washington County director schools Grant Roland said a student typically would be suspended 10 days for this type of offense The whole thing is completely ridiculous Roland said and a man of my position can't afford to be made to look like an asshole How do you like that Well, at least it didn't shove any marshmallows up his butt or anything like that because you that's usually the way goes right All that though, Maggie Fraternizing yeah, it's in the same category now wait I want you to look at the headline on his facts What is Chamba Chamba Okay, is that incredible you're not impressed? Well, I can't wait to hear the facts Chamba maybe it's more than our name. It means to celebrate and when you taste our fresh fruits smoothies Fresh-weeds juices and high nutrition breads and pretzels you understand why don't get a present in other's pretzels He's got a tough time with him Don't forget on our what does that thing called again? That we have on a weapon yeah action figure there. Yeah To call lion the second crap bush whatever it's called it's beautiful We started out in 19 ID and San Luis Obisbo, California as a juice club A group of young wellness-minded people correct the visionary Linda creative Kevin relationship guy and Joe the naturalist We had one juice club store a mountain of passion a huge hunger for health Would to help us some of our really great friends we built to scuebler on hearts and hands from sourcing the very best fruits and Testing out blunders to physically building our first door. We did it all soon our passion for juice club star to catch out with others As word began to spread we continued dig our grass. How I don't want to read the whole story Health and all this must be like that to Jesus do's that Michael Jackson feeds the kids That you drink with a straw out of a soda can health and nutritional awareness were finally becoming a big deal Custom enthusiasm was growing so we continue to open new juice club stores We believe there was more to learn and more to offer our growing group of loyal fans We made it our goal to listen to our customers to continue with the improved always be dreaming up creating offering new good for you products So in 1995 the celebrate our evolution Customers know that we were committed to being better and standing out from the juice stands that we're popping up We decided to change your name we became John Bach juice So there you go now we know John Bach juice taste like crap. Come on. How do you know that? I don't know my P.D. Lish I'm telling what I like a lot is my inter-exdiabetic. I'm drinking more right now for lunch. Yes, you are yes he is and I'm trying to deal with this Facts from our good friends who's and who finally stopped writing me about how she's the the one with the Jewish husband Right, thanks Suzanne. I'm glad you stopped doing these very to a Mexican whatever she is I can't get through your lines. I'm listening to you women. Yeah, wait one Anyway, where can I get those diabetic bars you were talking about it's not a bar Susan. It's a drink It's a drink. It's inter-exdiabetic E.N.T.E.R.X. and delicious and it's so good for you You can get it public said accurate that Walgreens at CVS all your pharmacies out there Give it a shot Suzanne and thanks for the memories 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you hear our cleaning crisp that was Crunchy that's for my inter-exdiabetic. It's clean and make you a grips really good 284 should QM bring up from well back. What do you say come on let's hear it. Let's hear bring it on Please tomorrow 109 tomorrow at six and five No way he sucked 69. I love it. I'd love about a wooden last 58 and who the hell has got for L55 We don't believe any of those people They're right nobody don't know for real right right you'd have to be a thumbs on a rum bitch not to know who he is WQAM hello Yes, sir. You have a dream about being a John plane with yourself That guy that's horrible. John. There. Go. Yeah Jack I'm getting hooked up just thinking about it. Hey that makes your tongue colored what's that the Entrex so you want to want the notes the tanfrex know what it is Oh, no, you know what that is it's coded my tongue is coded Because I'm clean because I'm fat no, well, you win your fat. What about your tongue? Not bad Red oh yeah, see that's like it's like we used no it's like when you have a yeast infection in your face Most fat people have a yeast infection. I have no idea. I've read so much about that I don't know how to get rid of it, but but you do and of course part of the problem is eating like a lot of cheese. Is that it? Yeah? Oh, or dairy Rimes with berry what about bread which you don't eat? I don't eat bread. What's bread got to do with the? It has yeast in no no no night. It's not no It doesn't come from yeast products. It's from sugar From sugar. I know another place it comes bread turns into sugar when you eat it's just like a pasta and that's not So there is the answer for my fat and quit looking at my tongue by the way. Oh, you stuck it out 567. Oh 560. Let's see if there's anybody online nine. It's a winner. Hello Yeah, hey, I just wanted to call and tell you to tell Eric that the Archives are hose to switch over to MP3. Yeah, they don't work. They you know, they run for about a minute and a half and they're gone. I'll be damned. Are you serious? I'm positive that was that possible I have no idea that one went into that start Friday Friday Probably probably a county conspiracy What's that? It sounds like you I met you years ago at lots of our netta right? Oh, what a great place that was Huh back in the day right back in the day don't say that I hate when I see back in the day Also, I went to college and you need the New York all right Whole bar two million more in a day. We went to Hobart. I went to Hobart. All right And and my roommate is matter of fact dated Howard Daniel's daughter. Oh no, I'll tell you one thing is some was an asshole Yeah, I know that's some bill. I know that's it. In fact Howard may have been an asshole too. I never met him But we spent many many many many hours. I had to find the finger-lake's racetrack. I hear I was your man. I was there the date opened Yeah, I think I was two is a matter of fact. Okay, pal. Listen. I'll see like early 60s right Right, I said 63 I believe I'll see I believe I will see your opinion Get those our type six. We'll order if they get it. Well, I'm working on it right now Because I'm in Tampa, I'm missing it. I'll see I'll see you in the pew. I'll see you in Hamburg See you in the leeway I told you line nine was good. We've got from line nine beat a real defective week assisted line nine B. They hey a strong link a string what it's that's two in a row man Two in a row with people that we actually might want to talk to again Even though people not from upstate New York are probably bored to that that's too bad Okay, if you're not from upstate New York you ain't crap Or maybe Montana or Cuba 567560 pound 560 on the AT and T or Toronto a Let's see now who the least plan this week. Well, that's right. They got tomorrow and Saturday home and home It was filled that up your fires big game center. They audio hockey fans out there. I'm serious Panthers and Tampa Bay if the Panthers have any even though it's a long way to go But if they've any serious hopes of being a plow contender They really need to get a win against Tampa not a tie. Now are those kiss your sister ties I'm talking about a win against the lightning on Tuesday. I'm a Saturday Saturday night at the macaroon Because the lightning are seven points in I still I think they still got two games in hand or two or three on a Panthers So it's a four point game at the Panthers winner-only four points out of first in the division if they lose its nine Which is not good any interest whatsoever? I'd like some free ticket no because this is the only show that ain't given away no free tickets because They won't do anything for this show nothing zero They won't fix our computers. They won't give us any tickets to give away They won't even talk to us. They won't nothing do with us. They'll just take the money. Thank you. That's it It won't sell any spots on a show nothing We're like we're like the bad the cousin that came to town wouldn't let red headed steps right the red head step The dark as steps out I thought that was choice driver WQAM QAM How can I speak to the old thing speaking yes? No our first lady call her of the day I finally got to root this is this is your friend Suzanne Oh, you're the only woman we got by you still calling after I read your fangs who's in and give you the information I can't find the information. I call the I just got you telling us enter x diabetic. It's not a bar us a drink Do they have a website? You know oh yes they do as a matter of fact WWW huh Interacts E and T e R E X Diabetic all one more dot com down in home so that they never heard of that one one forget about home instead They never heard of uh Coconut almost at the University. Yeah, I never heard of light bulbs I know I I appreciate that the fact that that you talked about that on the radio because I'm diabetic Right, you know it's hard for me to you take you take your blood sugar Yeah, take my blood sugar For time today and good for you and I also take insulin for time for days. Oh, you have to take insulin. Yeah. Wow I'll see this is good stuff. I think you'll like it. I hope so because I try that other the actin stuff Yeah, you were talking about it. It was awful. Oh boy. It'll make you just crap your brains out I had a lot of some problems with it Right exactly especially if you have a tender tummy like you and I do forget about it And I decided to stop taking them and then I went to Acro didn't try these car pollution bars and they're terrible awful. It tastes like Drake. Oh, they don't even work. Yeah Thank you very much. Give this a try. Suzanne good luck. You too. Thank you She's very nice. She facts this. She called us. She's our only lady. We have one Well, it's better than none. It's better than the big oh 142 in fact the bigger will be on the night and they'll be apologised for that in advance You're one Oh I Oh Yes, 147. I would have perky a goofball right next like that. I'm gonna ears the size of a dumbo In fact, he made dumbo blush Well, if he could he would do it. I was thinking about that confrontation in the parking lot the other day and I'm thinking of one thing that I forgot to tell you about that was said to me during during the heat of the initial Hospitality yeah when I was saying you know it's a radio show because he was belly again about one of the things that you Up I said on the ear about me, but it's a radio show and he said to me you should have explained what your show was about to me And I said everybody else got it and I'm thinking of myself It wasn't up to me to say anybody down explained it to me. It was up to Greg Reed to explain it See that again is not I'm not picking on Moanette. I said for example of the bad management here When you bring somebody and who we already know is got a big fat ego and you said the guy and say you know don't take it First let's just need that's the show. He rips me an S2 that that's the way you do it the management should have done that not me I mean, I mean sure I go under let's with him and said by the way I'm gonna rip you an ass, but don't take any of it seriously about the awakened about the Checkered pants in the bag and some it's just why do I need to do that people with experience in this field the talk radio field But he's never done that right he did admit that to me. He's never done talk show before. He's never done it Which is on the great idea bug red rage Greg I'm gonna tell you baby. I think they're out of name at a zz after Greg You know I mean which one Tumors Speaking of tumours man ages 73 and 80 brawl over handicapped parking spot in Boko. Oh, hey Maybe that's why I'm always in the work this morning Tumoran got into a fight over parking spot in the Denny's parking lot 3249 North federal highway, but of course The fight started about 1132 today morning when Richard Bohemian 73 asked Bruce Foster not butterfly Sir Bruce Foster 80 way in parking live handicapped spot Foster went handicapped placard told Bohemian was none of his business According to the report Bohemian began screaming racial slurs of foster whose black Then struck his cane out the car window and hit the 80 year old man, but he declined to press charges How do you like that he called him some kind of a shfart or something like that Neppophetic happens all the time he would held out a candy cane he probably might have looked it Don't you think there was a killing it a that theater or something over here if you know I didn't they just have that trial when a guy that killed a guy where parking spot or something? All the time goes on every day. I tell people in Toronto about that about uh, you know because they asked me what it's like here What the people are like I told people shoot each other or park it's body. Look at me like boy if you got a sense of humor or what And now they think I'm joking they can't they can't comprehend that They never heard a such a thing Of course they don't have quite the disproportionate number of old obnoxious angry old people any place else like we do here old That's why even in my advanced age. I feel like a queen a teenager Here you better listen carefully Steve says could you please do me a favor you and your stage You've been advertising seminar at office depot center February 5 It's with zigziggler Jack McEan and Rudy Giuliani could you please vaccinate the number to call the book it? I've called a station four times Uno does praise quattro four times within hundred upon twice I didn't catch the number when did the promo you if you got it can we play it we could play it Well, that's the only one because see I just want to say it again talking about bad management We have many many many many people who call the station call the switchboard out there Freaky as Carlos and ask very nicely. Oh, we could we get some information now You know and a good hung up on because Carlos is busy with his Paris Hilton blow up dog. I didn't tell you that either die No, you did mention that About Iris Hilton Right, that's his new flame. Explain me that. I don't I'm gonna get it well explain me Susan Lucci You see a flag hang is that what that's all about maybe maybe purse hold us a flag I don't know she's a hag that you Susan Lucci thing I understand why soap operas Oh, I see I kind of prefer Sheridan myself even though I'm not inclined that we're about I would prefer to watch sure that show It's funny See nevertheless all though I do like the new Tony on guiding light, but nevertheless so anyway let's play the Sorry, well these aren't titled anything on wasn't that the right spot no Office depot Semar's Why what is that spot something else what was the office depot center seminar? Oh, who knows the a Interventa center in other words you can't even find a spot Come on again. I would have to know what it's called It says you will your statement advertising a seminar I apologize to the audience because I know this I understand if we have one of those Nothing within the spot is going to have anything to do with the title as it is listed on the longer in the audience right But I mean I mean look at something that might be it like the she that was what I did to tear it off. Yeah, well, maybe Steve would like you out of the cheetah I guess more hits direct that said pd lemme spot. Oh, I'll come out find it. Okay, we're looking for work We're gonna be in the next break work on it, Steve. It's what we'll give them a free being the next break Has that if we can find what it is we'll put in the next break is a free spot because we've got no spots anyway Because our sales department still busy servicing screw-in back there 321 votes take a puke at that man 321 should QAM bring for our back. What do you say? Ha, absolutely Please tomorrow 124 of you desperately want for our back. He was fun. Let's get him on break it on No way he sucked 78 I love it, but it wouldn't last 64 and who the hell is God for real 58 Magdog is scheduled be up next if we never get him out of the uh holding you so Now what's the story what kind of a story could we we I think that's what I'm gonna do every day just out of spite for what they did this morning I'm just gonna make up a funny schedule. Hank's not here anymore by the way he quit The wood Magdog says Tom Brady's coming down for three weeks and he's gonna bring him on in The And I'm gonna tell him sure got a pretty mild comment. That's what I'm gonna say Tater So Can't get any gullum or the low-grown coffee curtain to be You believe in my name? What they say? And they say, like the gold Like the gold The whole fool has been human and makes us But still you stay So they call with true How the election of We got a witty Who she started This pretty garland Just don't on your knees We got a D'Oro, Tray, Hound Oh, 150 and at 560 We're almost done, baby It seems like we just sat down here five minutes ago Five hours ago No, no, no, no This went blowing by today, man It drew Anyway, so mad dog who's a real hood He really is He was just tell me, Tommy Brady's coming down after the Super Bowl All that stuff he'd come down here for three weeks And I said, I'll come back for that You might have to do so I'll say, hey, Tommy got a pretty mouth and stuff like that Real good guy Anyway, mad dog's coming up next He is not, he finally escaped They were holding the hostage outside of the new parking lot But he finally managed to rig a loose And he'll be on Hanked on his left 36 votes on our pool Should Q and bring I'm lying about everything It seems to be the Q and F and Y All this stuff In fact, mad dog he wanted to know What the deal was with Jo and Bo and Mo It was a Bo and Bo deal Mo won here today Do we ever find out why? No I sure hope he's okay Suspended, I heard I heard he was suspended That's why I heard by Arab people I heard he borrowed Lerick King's suspended Aliens And he's going to be on the first Maned Mars mission And so they're getting them all cranked up And Loub died to go They're trying to figure out a way to make his bag Not freeze out there in outer space Anyway, so Mo wasn't out with Gildy He was on low and it's hard a little bit Gildy about the whole thing to be honest with Gildy ended And Gildy and Gay And then of course, Bo was on instead of Jo And making our Paul kind of stories about how Jo was suspended For somebody said on a year Just a lot of silly crap And so the mad dog Yeah, you know like that That's the same old defo stuff again, you know Don't keep going to the well too many times Especially after that for our business And speaking our for real, what a great segue Look at that 336 votes When do we put that pull up there by 1140 Thereabouts Our in 20 minutes 336 votes Wow that is sensational That's caused for a lot of emotion Wouldn't you say? He'll be in town tomorrow For else going to be on the earmark No, oh, yam in yes, yes Here, we're Tenditude Ha ha ha ha All right 336 votes If you bring for all back 136 please tomorrow No way he sucked 81 I love it But when the last 66 and who the hell is Scott Ferrell? 59 Bye bye Bye bye The Western show Unficed I'm going to be on you two way I am in for learning Million dollar talent Pinset Brain