transparency. advertisers Mie habits and sellers Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story. He was one half of a hugely successful 80s and you do all. And even though both of them are out of work now, it just seemed like more fun to pick on John Oaks. Nobody remembers me because I wasn't the pretty one like Darrell Hall. It's face it. I look like a cross between Freddie Mercury and Billy Bob Thornton. John Oaks, unwilling to bitterness and tragic loser status. Provide exactly the kind of demeaning, stinking tightening awkwardness we love here inside the eye. Well I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all new show I simply call in Oaks. I'm sorry? In Oaks. Featuring all the parts of the Hall and Oaks on that I made famous. Parts of you made famous. I'm not sure I understand. I'm like kiss on my list. Because your kiss? Because your kiss? I get it. Because your kiss? Oh my God. Oh, or man either. Whoa, he's she comes. Right, yeah. Whoa, he's she comes. Yeah. Whoa, he's stopped. Rich girl. Rich girl. Rich girl. I said shut up. I'm gonna shut up. I'm gonna shut up. I said, let's let me. Rich girl. Rich, rich, rich. Oh, Mr. Oaks. Oh, Mr. Oaks. Oh, I'm sorry. Is he singing just the back up again? Oh, he's so tragic and embarrassing. But that's what you guys like, right? Joan Oaks. If they gave it a word for a second banana. Hey, FCC. I said banana. Go ahead. Find me. It's a big juicy shopping with look at her eyes. Oh, he's. Tonight. Uninside behind. Oh, man. It is the best. You know, you gotta well laugh. Cause otherwise you could cry, right? He said banana. What do you say? Has that by joy over your naples? Has that said that she's here and put no joy in anybody's life at QAM? Are we allowed to laugh? No, you're not allowed to laugh anymore. And you certainly can't say joy. In fact, I'm not so sure you can watch your dishes with joy. No, no, no. Although you may be soaking in it. Well, that's Pamela. And she's still dead by the way poor mad. She's dead. Well, we got a lot of stuff today. We have, uh, I want to apologize if anybody actually saw the shure and Osborn picture behind the being incurred. And if you're over the age of 60, we just check with John Ascrofty said he had to be at least 60 and have four forms of ID. You can go behind the beaded curtain on your rages.com. We had Sharon Osborn on there. When I saw that, I thought to myself, Eric must be, uh, he must be having, uh, even some bad grits or something, you know? Got in a bad bowl of grits. I was out of sure a lot of people would let you see Sharon's nipple. No, sure is why? I want to say. What did he just say? I forgot. I didn't hear it. I don't think anybody could understand it because I luckily free why talked over. Did you dump that? Don't want it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. You don't get it. Do you? You don't get it. No need more. You can't say. And you can't say nothing. Nothing, nothing. Every time we asked, we have these conversations. We say, well, what about this? No, no, she said no. Who's she? Oh, well, uh, some brought me picked up on a speak corner and aples who claims to be in the attorney. The mystery mall. Right. She got it from the FCC lawyers, though. But they are right. Do we believe that? No, no. She would know already. If you stuck one. If you glued it on your armpit. If you glued it onto her armpit. All right. Leave me. I've already rehearsed the show. So you have to worry about it. I know what you usually said. I took all of these. Because I don't want them to go in the hall crying again. Like yesterday. Oh, you hear what he said? He said. Oh, oh, oh, oh. This is good though because it certainly gives her something really to occupy some time. What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time we asked you? So we had a pretty good response. I thought this was kind of a fun poll. Even though we had some embarrassing miss spellings in there. I got a real scratchy trod by the way. So if I end it to show I lose my voice. I'll just place a music. We'll take the most golden days when we used to do the Wednesday one to two comedy but sour. Sure. Ooh, what day is it today? Could do the Wednesday 10 to two comedy bits. Four hours. The only problem is we don't have it off comedy bits. We can still play. It's a feel maybe a whole hour. Maybe like five. The Wednesday comedy bits five minutes. In fact, here's a good one. You'll enjoy coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood. Oh, I just like the ending so much. In fact, you know, I'm going to do it. We're going to play that last part. It's a singing just a backup again. Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing. But that's what you guys like, right? One hour. If they gave an award for a second banana. Hey, FCC, I said banana. Go ahead, find me. It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business. It's right. On inside the behind. They got it. They're on to it. Okay. Thank goodness for them. Anyway, before we do the pull result from this day, we got many a fish to fry here. Okay. Fried fishes are going to kill you. Diane Parkinson, I interrupted myself as usual. We had Sharon Osborne on their momentarily. I saw it. I took one puket that and I said, tell Eric to get that thing off of the red. I do mean thing. Say goodbye to that thing. And so, uh, people are on a picture of Diane Parkinson, which is a few years old. But, uh, thank you for the image. Thank you for the image. What? They might be the same. Diane might be older. You know, something? It's not a question of how old either one of them is. It's a question of what the picture looks like that we put on the behind the curtain. If you're over 75 and you have 23 forms of ID and you have no intention of getting all excited about looking at it, then John asked Crop will allow you to see it. And keep in mind his eyes are moving and watching your hands while you're watching that picture. Anyway, Diane Parkinson was born November 30, 1944, which means this November, she'll be 60. Wow. She was a member of Bob Hove's U.S. Oh, to her Vietnam. Of course she was on a price as right for 100 years until Bob's Barker had that little incident. Let's see. She was on Vegas 1978 to play Charlie in a.k.a. high roller. But I don't know what that means. Uh, prices right, 75 to 93, the new prices right 72. And she actually was in some films. Celebrities 99, aka Playboy celebrities, sex symbol dynasty, Playboy celebrities set her full. Diane Parkinson 93 as herself. Guess the parents is out of much about the not to my Murray Tyler Morrie, but I like that. So she was a model. She was a prices right. What does he call them? The Bob's beauties or something. Bob's beauties. Bob's Babes. And then they had that little a lawsuit and she claimed Bob did this. She did that. And they parted in a separate ways. You keep forgetting that story. What? They did do it. And they I know that. And he said it was consensual. She said not. It's got a Kobe brand all over again. Have you ever seen Bob Barker and Kobe Bryant together? Same person. The 9.11 hearings are going on. Richard Clark will be testifying some of that. And this was I see his push on the TV. I'm going to put some of that on. Oh, I got a great column. Now it was. It's on our website from yesterday. It is from is from yesterday from New York Times by Paul Crabman who's so good. He's so great lifting the shroud. I'm going to read it. Because now of course comes the attack mode. And the car just wants to write a pedal of book and make some money. And it's sour grapes. He was being demoted. It was sour gra. All all the attacks squad comes out now. And via com owns Simon and Tuesday republished the book. And they also won't see BS. It was a conflict of enthusiasm. All the panic. But at the meantime, the American public doesn't really care about those. Those pieces of trivia. All they care about is what the guy is saying. Because he's a credible guy. It's got 30 years. He's a registered Republican number one. 30 years in government, including working under seven presidents, including Reagan and Bush one and Bush two and Clinton. So I just mentioned those things in passing while the right wingers are desperately trying to describe it him like they do everybody else. I'll show the rules and remember him and his wife. Well, we'll get into that in the courtroom. Anyway, here they are. So Diane Parkinson's on our B.B. The curtain today. So you always thanks for getting it. Oh, Sharon, I was born thing off of there. What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time we asked on our police today? Three stuges to 159 because they like Larry Curley and absolutely. Oh, and Shemp. And Shemp, but not Joe. Hmm, Mark's brothers to 1951. Sheen's Martin Charlie and Emilio Estive as 160. And then it's a long, steep drop after that. The Douglass's Kirk and Michael 79, the Jackson 78 did a got more votes except for two embarrassed. Somebody might be monitoring and probably are. Way in his brothers 56. Vera Wars 52, Ethel Lionel, John, Drew. Et cetera. The fond is 48. Jane and Hank and Peter. Oops. How come, let me ask you this, how come that's on our list? We didn't ask about it. I see. Well, let's not. See, one thing we're discovering focuses every time we ask our middle-level management people and they go to joy, I mean to our corporate attorneys or whatever in apels. The answer is, no, oh, you can't say that. You can't say that. You're crazy. You can't say that on the radio. Okay. So like I said, Henry Jane and F*** or a Fonda. The sublims, Dumbledon, key for 48. The brothers give 45. Well, you don't want to have a play in a long time. Yeah, careful. I don't, I think we can play it. I don't think so. Oh, it's got a noise in it. I might be. Does it have a sound? Bubble dump it if it does. Okay. Let me just try it for a second here. Okay. Let me just try it for a second here. Thank you, Mike. You can play it. I was standing there one day. I mean, we can say it far. I think you know, I would just play it. We're doing it. You know, we can still say, dude. I should never keep it down. I think back on the track is like my bowels. I'm in contact with the track of bars. I think we can play that so we'll get around very good. I think, well, we'll find out. In fact, I'm thinking of a great new format, which will take us a couple years. Let's go through the whole DCS and just we'll, the audience to get a kick out of that. We'll audition all on together. Now, when we get to a point in one that we can't play anymore, we'll just dump it and go out of the next one. There you go. The R. Nez is 36 Lucy and Dizzy Jr. and senior. The Olson twins 35. The couple is 31. The Osborn's 27. In fact, the Lord, because Sharon's push off of their man. That was nasty. The almond rub is 27. I say, push. No boots. It's a cat food, pushing boots. The Baldwin's 24, the Van Halen's 22, the smothers brothers 22, the Bridges 22. Lloyd. Jeff. And Mickey Bridges. You know Mickey Bridges? I know iron bridges. Good track driver. Goldie Honnock, K. Hudson 17, and Nelson's 15. Ozzy, Harriet David and Ricky. 15. Rich still dead, by the way. The Henning Ways 12. Love that restaurant. The Carpeters 11. And Nancy Wilson 10. The Quades 10. Brian, now, now, how's that possible? There this is bad. This is bad. The other Wilson's Brian Carl Denison, the Carney only 9. Oh, fat man. Some of you people your taste is in your, or something I can't say. What is that? Brian Wilson and the Wilson family only had nine votes. That's a bad thing. That is, I don't accept that. Let's do this over again. Ozman's 9. Caradines 8. The Van Dykes 8. Can we say Dykes? No. The Tyler's 6. Steven Live. Love. Live. Judds. Long live Steve. Judd 6. Our ket 6. The Houston 6. The Iglicis is the 5. The Carrey family. Chip and Skip and Flip and Harry. Five. The Van Dresses just for. The Coles 4. The Fairbanks is 2. The Cameron's 2. Delan Warren Cameron. The Robert's 2. The Jordan Eric 1 and the Cheneys. You know what? Cheneys didn't have any. They probably thought we were talking about Dick Cheney and Lynn and their, They're, like, daughter. Now, the Cheneys lawn and lawn Cheney Jr. We're talking about. We're great horror movie characters. Ever see lawn Cheneys senior? I bet you didn't. All the time, but you talk about it. It was New Ridge and the Hunts back and noted name. We got a DVD collection of lawns. Touched down Jesus. Touched back and noted name. Got the original. Do you really? Yes, I do. Hmm. On DVD. Got bought a collection. Poor quasi-model. Even made the beast look pretty good. She gives him a little bit of a clearance. 10 13 at 5. 60 WKM. Get ready, Josh. If you're hungry, want to break from the kitchen. Emerald Coast. Lost to take her all that cooking for it. They'll cook up a storm of feast. Picked for a beast. You can start out with any of six different soups or all of them. If you like if you're real pig, then sampled dozens of delicious, mouthwatering on trays like New York, strip made order. And their sizzling Asian grill. And that brand new seafoods ain't junk. For all you seafood lovers. Enjoy oysters on a half-sharlaskin stone crab. Middle-like clams and jumbo. See, it's got to be every night. If you still have room sampled their handcar per minute, their brand new Thai specialties too. You'll never walk out of Emerald Coast with a pounding headache. Cause that's an MSG headache is what they call that. They don't use any MSG. No cornstarch, no crap. They cook only all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol fee oils too. They're buffet features a full salad bar. New sushi bar and fresh. See them cocktail. And if you have any room left at the end of all of this pig and out, they've got a fantastic dessert bar, two featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings. Even fresh fruit even we have a watermelon most of the time too. What's not to like? The Emerald Coast is a great location for you. They're in sunrise, Pine Island a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami, reaching you also find an Emerald Coast at the intersection of Fulmingo and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines. So take the entire family, the Gatsamish Baja, or book your next business lunch at right now. Let the folks at Emerald Coast cook up a storm for you. And by the way, Richard over there at Emerald Coast in the sunrise. So sorry about that leaf semester bus to the original last night. Take out at Liberties always available too for take out called 954-5723822. 954-5723822, the unbeatable pig out at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. We're supposed to be in 560. You a n. Now put it stuck. Well I've never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been to the roundings today. Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up away a river for a ride a d. Now we've been feeding the kind again the crit has cooled and the doused of the mussey. Now got the candle liquid cherry yoke. Now baby. Coconut banana cherry cherry and baby fruits. Now baby. Kind of eat a little little bit, little baby. And to the suspension, now to a bounce out the road. And a bit that is super downweigh. Now with the artist, stop, go to give us a big hug and a round of beatings of grapes. A nice evening tonight. On the balcony, you know, you're looking bad now. It's my baby tail left. So our baby. Coconut banana cherry cherry and baby fruits. So our baby. Chinese people, they're gonna swim in the game. Yo. Roll. Are you? I got a wind those down on our top of the day because they're easy to hold on to. This very fresh, we're mostly stuck with smell. It gets the dust in the window with time. I'm a messy, you find the shining ground in the light line. And I caught the giant two-person, I'm in Washington with our road. Now our baby. Over the coconut cherry cherry and baby fruits. Now our baby. I wish I could lose four and over three months. So, now our baby. Fresh and orange, here you'll be better to be baby fruits. I'll be baby. I'll take that. I never listen to that with so much joy and enthusiasm as I did that time. Very carefully. Right. I heard words and I haven't even heard before, but they were all okay. They were all okay. Okay. There you go. There's one. Okay. That one impacted far so far. At least what we played through. We can play that. I think that's a great idea. I had another brainstorm. Up is going through the entire DCS from 8 to 10. 85,000 509. Pretty darn good there for the stop-fcc.com petitions. 85,000 509. Next couple of days we'll have that thing pretty much finalized. I believe how we're going to raise the money so we can get that quarter-page ad and USA today. So people all over the country can learn about stop-fcc.com and we can get that million signatures. And stick it right there. Not just to the FCC, but to all the politicians too. See, I don't think the FCC will be impressed by it a little bit. Maybe a teeny tiny bit. But not much. Bit of what? But the Congress man, they're the people all they people in the house are running for reelection and a whole bunch of senators and of course, they'll present it and that crowd. So I think that's why there's a chance that just maybe we can emancipate ourselves from this word lunacy, the word police. We can't even play that bit anymore the one of the word police. No, is it he says in there does he say, G-d-something? Something. Something. I mean, if the audience, if you had any concept or the things that I'm being told about, or the things that I'm being told now that you can't say. And hey, like I said, just give me the check. But if you had any concept, then you'd really understand the length, the showing effect that all of us is had. I'm not just broadcasting, which is free speech in general. There is no such thing as free speech, no more. Doesn't exist. Here's today's poll question. Here's another one you got to add on there, Justin Williams. Josh. Justin Williams, how could I forget? How about Jason? Did I say, uh, Justin? Justin case. I'm familiar with the hockey player. Well, see, that's that hockey. Jason Williams. I should probably, I should probably, if I was smart, forget about hockey, you know what? After last night. Hey, you already has to assist all those dead. You got to cut it out, too. Jason Williams, did I really say Justin? You did twice. I'm sorry. Anyway, well, as folks all spelled their names, the same anyway. Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail we asked? Now, these people keep in mind, I've before the show, George says, well, how about putting bush on there? Bush at the moment isn't paying the accused of any crimes, at least not legally. There's some of us who would disagree with that. But this is a list of people who are pending. All right, have charges against them. There you go. Martha Stewart, who's already been convicted. Robert Blake, Kobe Bryant, Michael Jackson, Todd Bertuzzi, which 99% even George knows who that is, but most people don't. You know who Todd Bertuzzi is. I really don't know. You know what this story? Yes, you do. I do. Kenneth Lay or Jason Williams. Okay. Hockey player, hockey player. Let's do a hockey show. I'm sorry, I'll call Rimmer. Let's pick a hockey, by the way. Panthers officially eliminated from the playoffs with their overtime lost in New Jersey last night. They could have kept a slim teeny tiny hope alive, but they gluedly their late-then lost in overtime. While the omnis are winning again. So there are 12 points behind the omnis with six games to go, and even if they won all six, the omnis still get it because they'd have two more wins than the Apanthus even if the omnis lost all of the games, which need to one of those things to have happened. But nevertheless. So there's another season. Thank you so much, Alan Cohen and the Panther organization. I got a lot of good youngsters in the organization, but it's getting a little bit ponderous, and I may account for a lot of those freebie tickets are having to give away a lot of those empty seats, disguised as empty seats. Because it's just getting really ponderous. You know what? What builtory and memory brothers, and so that's who we should have put on yesterday to the Murray brothers. They're pretty entertaining. What they did the organization was criminal, in fact, maybe they ought to be in jail. Mr. Boty ought to be in there. Keep him off the street. So far, we got Kenny Lee as leading the faculty. Let's see his action jail. 40. Michael Jackson 15. Robert Blake 7, George is unhappy with that. I'm sure that he's getting any. Colby Bryan 6, Martha Stewart's got a pair. Todd Virtusy and Jason Williams don't have any of the first 70 votes. It's just that they just started a trickle in right now, while they're taking a peek at Diana Parkinson. I wonder how many years ago that picture was really taken. Bob Birdman. I think. No, that's from her playboy. Hey, which was the first. Yeah, one was the lawsuit, because it was right around the same time. I would say 82 was it? No, not that long ago. There's a 92. I don't know. I already bought a 10 years or so. 10, 12 years old that picture. Really? She was still to be in 48 years old? Yeah, she was an old bag when those were taken. Well, I'll tell you one thing pretty well preserved for an old bag. Showed off. Oh, that clean living. Wait here this story. Well, you already know it. A five year old boy took a bag of marijuana to school. Was sprinkling it over a friend's lasagna like a regular when a monitor intervened. Ha ha ha. You're wasting it. This is Miami, of course. The lasagna was confiscated before the other boy had a chance to eat it. Monday in the cafeteria, granting elementary school. Police said it was unfair whether the kindergarten even knew what he was carrying. Although he tried to hide the bag when the monitor approached. The boy may have said it was a regnose and Michael Villafana, spokesman for the day County Public Schools. Police in Shial, well for authorities, reinvesting in the boys family. The focuses on the child's environment. The judges could've led the child having a bag of marijuana and school in the first place. Villafana said police also were looking to whether an older friend may have asked the boy to hold the bag. Could you hold my bag? Can we say that? No, I'll say it all the time. What? No, oh. See, there he goes. Did you hear that Josh? Mark it, did I say that? Mark it down and open up that cookie jar man. You better put about $50 in there for that. You don't get it. You just don't get it. I want to go on record. Mark the tape. tape marked the time the date I'm trying desperately to save your ass but you just you don't want to be saved. Listen that? Look at all those heathens out there that will listen to us born again Christians. You just don't want to be saved. So repent now before it be too late. 27 after 10 if 5 60 WQM have been telling you for years why you ought to do the smart thing when you need a new mattress that is called dialo mattress toll free 1 800 mattress. They back up everything they say in the advertising 100% but their competitors still lie like crazy. When you see a mattress that makes outrageous plans please do yourself a favor and read that fine print lots of lies around there for example big ads with big headlines half off but then you find out it only applies to a limited selection of items that you never would buy in the first place everything else still full price and they probably double the regular price first anyway and you'll probably never be able to make a fairer change if you didn't like it but the good news is when you call dialo mattress sit and right there on your fat ass they are ads have no tiny print notice lame or zither. When you call 1 800 mattress you'll see their prices are so low that other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete. dialo mattress has an over 30 day. Not third man. Comfort exchange policy on all beds including yours and don't forget when you call dialo mattress 1 800 mattress you're getting a company that's right number one and overall customer satisfaction you can't beat them from candle to steward palm beach to four mires and dialo mattress reminds you to read that fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what you'd be waiting for what's not to like do what I've been doing for years and what the other smart folks are doing now and buy your mattress by making just one easy simple phone call they'll be knocking on your door no time at all. Call 1 800 mattress a log out of the mattress.com dialo mattress 1 800 mA TT RES the honest way to buy you a great bet. Looks at this what two of Birthdaybirths two o' yan open By the way, open Sorry by the way, I don't qualify the ride. But her where we love her. I have waited quite a little while, But I see you still on trial. It goes on and never ends. As it does, I know that I don't chamber to them. I can't but please, and throw away the keys. You turn second, all the claims of his innocence. I don't care what they say, got so jay, but her where we love. I don't care what they say, got so jay, but her where we love. You know who's the big kind of OG by the way? Roll! 1034, Jean, a factor in and 4 Lodryl says, what about OG? Sorry, Jean, but at the moment, OG ain't up on no charges. And that's unfortunate, of course we all would like to see him in jail. Anybody with an IQ larger than their little pinky finger, but nevertheless, is he eligible for the poll? No, sorry Jean, in addition to which, if you put him on there, we know contest anyway, right? Right, always wins. He always wins, because everybody hates it like poison, except of course the OG liquoriser QAM, like screw-in, and the water Nazi, and maybe even the legal word Nazi too, maybe joy-like OG. But I sure doubt it, because she don't seem to like anybody who has any thing, and I don't even know yet. But it was nice that she got one of her first trip into a radio station, I hope he was excited. Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail? If you have a poll question, they want your approusing a Diane Parkinson from a few years back, 148 votes already? Kenny Laze 73, I think he's got it. He's got a lock. Michael Jackson 38, that was my vote. Who did you vote for, Kenny Laze? Kenny Laze, I vote for Michael Jackson. Boy, that would give me such a thrill to see him where he finally belongs. How many hours you think he lasted in your life? About 30 minutes? How is that? Is that an hour? How many seconds do you think he'll end? About 30 minutes? Jason Williams 10, Kobe Ryan 10, Ever seen them together? Same person. Martha Stewart, oh wait a minute, this change again, sorry. Kenny Laze 81, Michael Jackson 40, Kobe Bryan 12, Jason Williams 11, Martha Stewart 10, Robert Blake none, and Todd Bertouzzi doesn't have any. Come on. Are you hockey fans out there? I don't even know why I put them on there, just that there were some people who said there should have been criminal charges and there still might be. I don't, I'm not paying that much attention to that. In fact, after last night, I think I'm going to give it a hockey for a while, but a year and a half. And that's 163 vote we got so far. 560, 505, 60 pound, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 85,864 people of science stop FCC dot com. I noticed that California has jumped up over Texas, which means that somebody somewhere on the year is pumping this in California and elsewhere too obviously, which is great. Sure as hell can't do it alone here and this tiny little scratchy sounding station in Miami, Florida. Are the other people on this station promoting this by the way? Oh, anybody else? You're mentioning it? Plugging it? Huh? That's funny. No, no, I'm serious. No, you know, see if you're a, Joe and Mark were still on here, they'd be helping us out. Where they're coming, let's do this they have. I'm turning there. At least they'd be given it their best shot. I mean, we're not getting them out from nowhere. Where was guilty again this morning? Oh, there's a story there. There is. Guilty cold and sick. Yeah. On the same day that Mo apparently called in late, he decided that he didn't want to show up till 530. Right. They called it and said, I just have guilty to the first half hour. I'll show up when I'm good. Wow. Because I just don't feel like, uh, ambling it until 530. So they, uh, had to run the sporting news until 530. Oh, no. Oh my god. What kind of deal? What kind of place are we running now? We know it's a crazy house. So in other words, you just come in whatever you feel like it. I'll see it tomorrow. I'll see it tomorrow. Right. I'll see it tomorrow about 1230. Sure. What if you feel like it one? One, one 15 sounds good. I'll probably be about 145 tomorrow. Well, what kind of crap is that? Yeah, Guilty. I guess it's been fighting the a flu or something as he sounded scratchy yesterday. I heard him for about 20 seconds, which was plenty more than enough. But, um, so Guilty was out. Ill get into Mo shows up late. That's not good. That's not going to be good in his file. You know what? I'm sure that muffin clearance right now are feverously working up a, uh, little notation to put in that file. Because they both really despise him like crazy. But then why should they be different from anybody else? Let's see. Let's take a look at that schedule. Mad Dog at two. He'll be on time. He'll be on time because he knows that the money's waiting man. Actually, he gets paid. I'm like the little dog who doesn't got paid yet. The hump are at four. The, uh, Hebrew hammer. Hebrew hammer. At four till a 650. The hump are a 250 minute show because we got Marlon's exhibition is baseball. Marlon's on deck is at 650. The cardinals play the Marlon's in Jupiter at 705. Any K after the baseball game and sporting news radio. Oh, hey, hey, hey. We're better use to say an edge. Just like we better use to not saying a lot of other things. Right. I mean, nothing when Muff told me that I slipped out the, uh, S bag word yesterday. Now, I don't even sure, I'm sure we can say that right. Sure. Yes. All right. Well, let me say this to you now. Okay. this morning we have a spy report and that is that Glenn Beck writes with Schmick and Dreck the right wing one of their 85 right wing talk show called President Bubble a S bag not once put twice and of course we can see that word anymore right and there's a follow up yes he repeated the statement again using the very same word at nine fifty now yes saying S bag I ask you not oh my god not on W. I would be because that's clear channel the last thing they need is anymore FCC action wow they're gonna be at the poor house with their nine billion dollars they made last year that's bad that probably have taken a couple of them billboards that oh that's right they own them oh you know even here even here in Toronto there's a clear channel all over the place you see them billboards you see it on at the Eden Center downtown is a big um oh what do they call luck in time square you know that big display thing the message sign board the channel clear channel they're a cancel they're a cancer on the universe man they've taken over the worst-in-wall mark the worst-in-ex-on-mobile they're worse than anybody cheap channel and this guy's on the air they're saying it's bad I think somebody better look into that right away I think somebody better facts over one of those phone EFCC notices that we got yesterday yeah to Pete Bulger to the assassination say we got it we got the times we got the evidence double yourselves accordingly etc 1040 twenty four eleven and five sixty wqm it's the last mortgage you'll ever need you know what I'm talking about now I'm sure by now the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible you pay zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit bureau fee even zero discounted points it's yourself that new low rate interest of just one point twenty five percent a hundred thousand dollar long means your payments are just 234 a month a 200 thousand dollar long you pay just sixty eight a month what's not to like and don't forget what you'll be fine answer get a new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay those ugly nasty closing costs again so call today and find out all about it call one eight six six three nine five led and get yourself the low rate mortgage is zero then move on to your next property with no further cost of expense you pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost even like I'd say and when you move to another property get that new low rate finance against unbeatable just one point two five percent would be only one mortgage from financial group and never pay close it cost again for details there is positively no obligation just make that tool free call with their new number now one eight six six three nine five land that's one eight six six three nine five L a and the the renequal housing under restrictions apply rates subject change monthly four point two one the nudge your sports Philippines a give me make my Minister th понял urEs I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good man, I'm not a good I get a rush just thinking about it. How about our boy Rush said, John and Kobe South Carolina, thanks John. How could I forget? He's a rushes on there now. I guarantee he's going to go zooming at at least, which of these people would you most like to see go to jail? I think you'll win. PSU missed a king family yesterday is what John says also. What king is that? Larry King? Correct a king? Elvis? I don't know. The king. Anyway, thanks John. Now, wait to hear these. I'm sure you already read this. This is great. See, I didn't bother checking letters to the editor in a sunson. And this isn't a spot to Tom Jick is front page column on Saturday in the sunson, about the FCC and all of these things. The first letter is just exactly what's wrong with South Florida. Too many old cochers. That's what it's all about. Leon Blumberg and Highland Beach. Leon. Probably over the age of 400. Probably makes me lose the look like a teenager. He writes, we don't need FCC to define decency. After reading about the articles about the crackdown on broadcasting, filth, I find my heart breaking for the likes of the O'Rodgers and Howard Stern. The fact that they now have to police their own filthy mouths causes me great sadness. Imagine Rogers now has to edit hundreds of so-called comedobits, looking for the forbidden words he can no longer use. Let me make it easy for you, Neil, just throw the whole thing in the garbage. These talk show hosts do blanket in the country with their filth or now worry it is, as TV where a radio writer Tom Jickah, that the government and broadcast industry are stepping on their first amendment rights. I'm against censorship, but, and this is a big butt. We just don't know how to behave ourselves. Give us an inch if we take 10 miles. For instance, I hate that we have so many police not to cover people at ballgames and concerts, we have to because we don't know how to sit and behave. We must consume all the beer et cetera that we can hold and disrupt those around us by becoming unruly and becoming just plain, dangerous. The broadcast industry is no different. We gave them an inch and they took the whole line yards. They have broadcast their filth at all times of the day and night. There is no way of protecting children from tuning in, and please don't give me the old excuse that there's an off button. I don't want to have to censor radio or TV broadcast for my family nor can I. Critics say, the FCC's refusal to be specific about what's permissible now is that broadcast is an uneasy unfair position. Do we really need the FCC or anyone else telling us what is decent? Can we police ourselves? I truly doubt that Neil Rogers or Howard Stern would even be working if they had to drop the filth from their shows. Their talent is filth. Schmutz. What we need is broadcasts with intelligence and talent. Broadcasters who can help us to think to understand this complex world in which we live. There are more than enough subjects to last us for the next thousand years each one without filth, rights-leon lumber in Highland Beach. Oh, alien. Castle Hoysuit Heart now. And of course coming to our support, pretty elame. El Steve Martin and sunrise got a decent letter and then let me read the other one, Joel Heimann and Pemper Pines. So I guess it was in a hurry to have a lot of time or maybe they just edited them. He says politicians should be more concerned about the pollutants in our air rivers land and seas than our radio waves. I guess our politicians are infettled their priorities. He says Joel Heimann. Little stuff there, little shot, little sarcasm. But the kind of weep tool, put it up a little bit. And now, Steve Martin and sunrise says, what free speech? Good question, Steve. The words to express by to smay escape me because we have censorship of the airways. The FCC has gotten the broadcasted to watch their mouths. I can now hear radio program spouting hate and fear mongering. I can watch films of murder and torture almost nightly. I thought that not limiting the free speech was one reason our forefathers fought and died, perhaps I misunderstood. Freedom and liberty should be fear and servitude instead. I would use language that truly expresses my feeling but it wouldn't be a lot for publication. Right, Steve Martin and sunrise. That's gone, Steve. Good job. So we got one. Well, one and a half. One and a half letters is a support and it'll long, long letter from Leon and Highland Beats that goes on and of course when you're right, a letter beader to they tell you about watching the length of it because if it's too long they'll have to cut it down and they won't put it in. Brevity. Brevity. Right. But Leon goes on. Oh, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo cuando eresders. ahí está. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo who's wandering around outside for somebody. Why did they let him out? They like to hear. I see. They like the bird. Is that what it was? No, say what kind. Please. Please. Packer please. No, it's not my line. Probably want a cracker. What's my line? WQAM. Hello. Hey, now you hear that Josh? That was a Raspberry. I heard it. That was a snort. QAM. Hello. How are you doing now? Pretty good. Good. You're forgetting one person on there. Who's happening? It works on your radio show. How are you doing? How are you doing? You're doing well. How are you doing? How about the inspector? He's not in jail. He's running around loose. We're going to get him. We'll put him on. Thank you. The inspector is in. Shut my favorite. Be movie queen. Just like Jason Williams. He said it was a suicide. Just like my dog committed suicide. It's ending. Deal. Well, I'm going to really scratch you through. I think I can see George on for the next day. Did he do that? Did he do something soothing? I'm fighting it. I have no cough drops. But in spite of the scratchy, let me just read this Paul Krugman piece. From yesterday's New York Times, it's on our website. It was there yesterday. It's still there. I'm sure somewhere. Lifting the shroud. Is that the shroud of Theresa? No. From the day it took off as US News and World Report wrote a few months ago. The Bush administration dropped a shroud of secrecy over the federal government. In June 9, 11, the administration's secretiveness knew no limits. Americans, every flesh, romallously warned, need to watch what they say, watch what they do. Patriotic citizens were supposed to accept the administration's version of events not ask awkward questions. But something remarkable has been happening lately. More and more insiders are finding the courage to reveal the truth on issues ranging from mercury pollution. Yes, Virginia polluters do wipe the regulations these days. And never mind the science to the war on terror. It's important when you read the inevitable attempts to impune the character of the latest whistleblower to realize just how risky it is to reveal awkward truths about the Bush administration. When General Eric Shineski, a Shinseki, told Congress that Post-Ware Iraq should require a large occupation force that was the end of his military career. When Ambassador Joseph Wilson revealed that the 2003 state of the Union speech contained information known to be false, someone in the White House destroyed his wife's career by revealing she was a CIA operative. And now we know that Richard Foster, the medical system's chief actuary, was threatened with dismissal if he revealed the Congress to likely cost of the administration's prescription drug plan. The latest insider to come forth, of course, is Richard Clark's George Bush's former counterterrorism Zarr and the author of the Justice Public Against All Enemies. On 60 minutes on Sunday, Mr. Clark said the previously unsaible, that Mr. Bush's self-proclaimed war president had done a terrible job on the war against terrorism. After a few hours of shot silence, the character assassination began. He may have a grudge to bear since he probably wanted a more prominent position to clear Dick Cheney, who also says that Mr. Clark was out of the loop. What loop, before 9-11, Mr. Clark was the administration's top official on counterterrorism. It's more about politics and a book promotion than about policy scavaculons said. Of course, Bush officials have to attack Mr. Clark's character because there's plenty of independent evidence confirming the thrust of his charges. Did the Bush administration ignore terrorism warnings before 9-11? Just to department documents obtained by the Center for Merck and Progress, the liberal think tank showed that it did. Not only did John Ascrop completely drop terrorism as a priority, it wasn't even mentioned as list of seven strategic goals, just one day before 9-11 he proposed to reduction in counterterrorism funds. Did the administration neglect counterterrorism even after 9-11? After 9-11, the FBI requested one and a half billion dollars for counterterrorism operations, but the White House slashed this by two-thirds. Meanwhile, the Bush campaigned but attacking John Kerry because he once voted for a small cut in intelligence funds. Oh, and the next time terrorists launched an attack on American soil, they'll find their test made much easier by administration's strange reluctance even after 9-11 to protect potential targets. In November 2001, a bipartisan delegation urged the President to spend about $10 billion on top security priorities like ports and nuclear sites, but Mr. Bush flatly refused. Finally, did some top officials really want to respond to 9-11 by not going after all kind of a by attacking Iraq of course they did. From the very first moments after 9-11 Kenneth Pollock told Frontline, there was a group of people both inside and outside the administration who believed that the war on terrorism should target Iraq first. Mr. Clark simply adds more detail. Still, the administration would like you to think that Mr. Clark has base motives in writing his book, but given the hawks, dominance of the bestseller list until last fall, it's unlikely that he wrote it for the money. Just assumption by most political punnets until very recently, the Mr. Bush was guaranteed reelection. It's unlikely that he wrote it in the hopes of getting a political job, and given the Bush's administration's pension for punishing its critters, he must have known that he was taking a huge personal risk. So why did he write it? How about this? Maybe he just wanted the public to know the truth. I'm my wife and local. This is 4-0 by 6-0 by 6-0 by 2-0 by 2-0 by 2-0. The funny tune yet. My wife took the card of the wall. She drives my door and she's three feet tall. I wouldn't write what's on her way. I said I didn't let it get in. So I'm just sitting on a pension daily. I'm waiting for the money best to take me away. I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. When ran away my wife won't leave me alone. We've got to over and I never wait. I just find up stepping through the wall again. Oh, and so I just have a pension daily. I'm waiting for the money best to take me away. Oh, and I'm just sitting on a pension daily with my friend Haine. There he is. I can't find that way. You're the man that's great. You're the one who can't find you. That's not so good for you, baby. In a nutshell, 1102 at 5.60 WQM. So somebody suggests Bernie Evers and Chris Sullivan from WorldCom. That is because Lansky and Mark Swords from Tyco and the Regus family of hockey fame also formerly owners of the Sabers of Delphia, cable. I thought he went to jail John Reager. I don't know if you want to put these on there. That's somebody's reddered rich packer by the way. Oh, well, thanks, Rachel, with the answer is no, there's small potatoes compared to our fine list. He'll potential jail birds we've got going. Granted, they ripped off a lot of money in the pissed off a lot of people, but then again. See what I'm saying? Can't put everybody on there. I like to have a nice meat list on there. I like to have people that really, somebody knows who they are. Kenny lay 138, which of these people would you most like to see go to jail. Michael Jackson 83, Rush Limbaugh 41, Rush is his Rush in man. Even Jim Brown never rush like this, even Gail Sears. Jason Williams 28, Martha Stewart 21, Kobe Bryant, 18. Robert Blake 12, tied for Tuesday's three and Phil Spectre's got one out of 145. Will we put it on there? Who would we just say? I thought we were gone. We didn't see this check him. I'm going to say boy, I didn't even think it's stuff I don't forget. Now listen to this carefully. It's speaking of Richard Clark. I'll listen to everything carefully now. Yes, I bet you do. And so to why when I'm playing these bits man, I'm sitting here just this, Oh man, I'm just moving around on this chair. Believe me. I have spilties listening to each and every one of these deals. Democrats on Tuesday accused the White House of Election Year abuses of power and tried to discredit former top U.S. counterterrorism official Richard Clark, who was accused president Bush of ignoring threats from Al Qaeda before the 911 attacks. Democrats took to the Senate floor to land based the Bush White House, which has fiercely condemned Clark on Monday. I can't imagine why. Always attack the messenger, baby. Rip on terror. He's a jerk. He's a, yeah, you know what we can't say at no more. We are seeing a few of the power that cannot be tolerated. The president needs to put a stop to it right now. We need to get to the truth. And the president needs to help us do that. Stay ascended. A credit leader Tom Dashall said. Let's see. What goes on before. Let's get to the good part. Clark rejected White House charges that he was playing election year politics by timing the release of his book against all enemies. Detailing his criticism of the Bush approach for this week. He said publication was held up by the administration for three months for a security check. And he had not intended for it to be released in the middle of the election campaign. How do you like that? See that above the tell us that the White Wingers. They're all on there. Oh, see. He put the book out right in the middle of the election. That's obviously wants to job with Kerry. Well, guess what? He said publication was held up by the administration for three months. For a security check. In other words, to see if there was any. Secret information in there. And he classified information. And he had not intended for to be released in the middle of the election campaign. I'm not doing this because I'm disgruntled on doing this because I think the American people need to know the truth. He told ABCs America good morning America. So there you go. Let's smear the messenger man. Let's rip him in an aslots that tear him to pieces. Let's tear Joseph Wilson to pieces because he told the truth about that. Tony Iranian report from Niger. Wow. Let's see. It says you're not allowed to say this on a radio yet. Last on NYPD blew. They repeated over and over again. Feminine personal hygiene bag. The debug word. It says here on the right. Right. In fact, it is so unbelievable. Things we can't say now. Even crack out the good one. On the illegal. How do you like that? I only save that for special occasions. Like Moan at peace that he wears on Sunday. Go to meet in a special occasions on your own. Kipper on the illegal. Right. Is that Saturday though? It is. Friday night. Oh, the. Right. When you people stop at the O.J. stuff. O.J. is not currently. These are people are currently. Uh, and been convicted and waiting a sensing order. Uh, to got a trial going. O.J. don't have to travel on right now. Even on at the stolen satellite thing. Yet. Now as soon as he does something else, which I think probably be very soon. Then we'll be more happy to put O.J. on there. The matter time. It's just a matter of days. How are so many hours? I've heard of me. I'll do something bad. But show his face in public again. That's something bad. Oh, look at this. This is good. Why has intimidation? Move it to that eventually. Let's see. Here's the facts that says you mean to tell me that I've listened to you for over 20 years. Now I find out your dangerous. That's right. That's what Leon and Highland Beets said. He also said, Oh, hey. God. I hope I don't have to sit next to you when you're a filthy the ball game. Says Todd and Hollywood. PSI signed stop FCC dot com yesterday. Yaddy, yaddy, yaddy. Anyway, you know, I'm not going to grow. Beets the audience. Any more I did that yesterday and try to get to 10,000, which we did. But I mean, if we did that every day gets really ponderless and you can only squeeze so much blood out of a rock. I think we're doing pretty damn good. Isn't that what the Rumsfeld said? You know, I squeeze so much blood out of Iraq. No comment. Oh, the sixth one, the OJ. The stop of the OJ factors. Okay. I'll pacify by playing a lot of OJ bits. The ones that we can still play. I don't think there's any of them. Can't play are there. I don't know anymore. Well, let's try. I think they're on editions on new feature. No, let's do new feature on here. And what about the kid that did that call? What is that called? OJ song? Yeah, here we go. Let's see. Yeah. Hey. Everybody got that button. Right. Right. Right. Oh, Jay. Whatever you brought it down. So I think San OJ, I think that's obscene and photographic to me. I think that's really, of course. But never let's do it. Why did you leave the party alone? There were you thinking of OJ. And you wrote that. I got a winner. I dumped it. That was true. I dumped it too. Wasn't it right? Do we both dumped it? Yeah. I did. Well, I played that. See, that's my, I know. I didn't play it now. But I mean, when he called in, I played that. So there we can't play that one no more. Because it's got a fart sound. Alright. I mean, to me, that was definitely not a raspberry. That was a, huh? That was a horse. Listen, listen to me, boys and girls. These are decisions in life that you have to make. Very important ones. In fact, we have several middle-level men have been people right now. And probably joy over to our Naples, who are monitoring the show and or listening very carefully with headphones on. And had we let that go on a year? They would have said, oh, I don't think that was a raspberry. And you know, I think that was human gas. That was um, expatriativity. In fact, we might have even been able to describe the aroma. The flavor, pulmonary. So, eh, got it Josh. Got it. Toss it out of the way and that thing. And the big jug. That's right. Can't say a big jug anymore out of here. That's, no, that's one for you. No way. I mean, that not even close. You know what? This is going to be a show from now on about things that we can't say. That's it. Yeah, that's the new format on the new Rogers show. Things that we're going to talk about things that we can't say. No, what I'm going to do is fine because it's your out numbers and things that we have left that we can say. I guarantee you that. In spite of what you're making the highland beats is whatever his name is. Let's go back to Appalachia like I do. Yeah. And I buy some moonshine, which I sometimes do. Can I drink it out of a moonshine jug? So you just, you just keep pushing it. You just keep telling you. Get off the edge. Get off the edge. You're writing me a song that's like on the edge of the, you're on the 85th floor of the Empire State Building. You're writing on the ledge and you're trying to want to jump off. Back away from the edge, please. Just walk away. Right. There you go. Because I have only one message for you. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Right. Because if you have already discovered the kind of nervous nellies that we're working for, the kind of people who are like, I mean, I, I'm not even there and I heard reports that June Allison is sleeping there around the clock 24, 7 because she's doing such a land orifice business there with her depends. They are just peeing all over themselves with us. Oh, see there you go. That's nothing. There's anything that's 100% safe anymore is there? Oh, I mean, even hello and goodbye is not, and I'll give you an example. Here's one. Bye bye. See, now you think, well, one could be wrong with that. Well, that's from that comedy, but where he's satirizing just in Tinkerbell. Well, just in Tinkerbell, you know what this is like? This is like that day in the life of three bat. This is the same thing. Right. Just in Tinkerbell was the one who ripped that thing off Janet Jackson's thing there. Right. That started this whole flat and the first place which they're using is excuse to just decimate the air waves and decimate our freedoms. And besides that drop is a double on time. There you go. So can't do that no more. Bye bye bye. In fact, believe you me, you only he wishes he was by by by. Little fruity, just in Tinkerbell. So is there's not a reason we can't play that. Now this may shock some people including Schmendrick up there in Highland Beach. Schock in content is what the audience wants. A new study from Jacob's median Edison Media Research found that 55% of regular listeners do active rock mainstream rock alternative in classic rock stations that air some of the most controversial morning shows on the radio, including the Howard Stern Show, said they're never offended by what they hear. In fact, you have to let them perceive those surveys that they're offended more than rarely. Furthermore, 74% of the 13,700 respondents who participated in even a pull support of the statement that those who listen the Howard Stern should be allowed to do so 74%. The joint study also found that while 75% respondents believe that small groups of people are having too much influence on whether radio programs should be fined or punished, only 5% believe that if even a small group of listeners is offended by radio shows content, the SEC should take action against it only 5% of people believe that. Other survey highlights include the findings that just 12% believe the SEC should remove programs that it defines indescent from the air and that a whopping 87% of respondents believe it's a parents responsibility to protect their children from indescent material. Additionally, 13% say it's the broadcast as responsibility keep indescent material author stations. Rock radio listeners are telling us in overwhelming numbers that they wanted to decide for themselves whether the listener or radio program or not, Jacob's media president Fred Jacob said. Listeners know that certain radio shows might offend them and they know how to change the station if they don't want to hear such things. All of these things. Of the 40 stations included in the survey roughly a third were active rock and what is it active rock and rock? A third were alternative in the third were classic rock Jacob's media is that they bezing tells the radio and records initially 50% of the sample comprised of the Delta over the age of 35. So unlike certain old parts that we have out there, the goody two shoes grab, we have so many important things to talk about and I'm going to decide what they're going to be and there's too many rowdy people out there to follow games. Oh, good guy. That's our Florida for you man, I'm telling you right now these are people transplant. Think about 80% of the old parts and ship them back to New York where they came from or somewhere where they can air our terrazona, Sun City and bring in some living and breathing people with a sense of humor. Plus I understand Motel did that we're running out of bags in Florida. Can't say what kind. Can we say the sea bag? 14 passed 11 at 5.60. How about tea bag? Oh, can't say that. If you're going to let in job, shut up, just dummy up. If you're going to let in job, if you're going to pay no for work, like Todd Rekker's the other way around. He just man just infuriates me. I get downright angry when I think about his refusal to do anything. But anyway, if you like a new high pan career, but you don't have the cash of the four years of your life to spend on going to college. Here might be the answer you've been looking for. One easy call to fast train. One 866 fast train. That can do it because our good friends at fast train can have you train in certified for a high pan computer network, professional career and his little time is four months. How do you got to take his four months out of your life? What's not to like? You have some real training and a real job and a big fat pay check that goes along with it. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule. Fast train offers job placement assistance and financial aid of people who qualify too. Fast trains got seven convenient for locations that is about to be won nearby you. So don't delay pick up that phone column today. Check them out first on a web if you like it fast train.com. And then make the call. I could really change your life because in just four short months, you can be on your way to a new high pan career. Don't delay column today. On 866 fast train. That's my life and goal. This is 42056. You wait for you and yeah. And to the horror. Rush you can't hear me. I have a kid of all you. Catch a thick your hearing. I now wish you a part two. Oh, Rush you. Rush you. Rush you. Rush you. What one? One. What one a duck dog? One. What would one duck dog do not look like? One. Why would you do? We thought two people got two bat for you. Two handfuls of trees. Rush us on you. Overtake this candy. I might sound too. I don't know. We're going to Penn school. Woke up for four, four, four. Faith our wish for Decision for death. We're going to walk, play drunk with sauce, a pour, a pour. Put your food on what's going to happen, Ruchy's moving up to the list nicely, he's number three with a bullet. 79 votes, Michael's Rachlan 106 and Kenny Lay 157. Michael's starting to put some moves on Kenny Lay there, you notice? I thought Kenny was a little bit too old for Michael. Vanti and Boca says Richard Parker's schedule to testify, 130 to Savano, good will pop it on. I would like to hear some of what the gutless George Tenon has to say, and I'm not putting him on. He's, you know, he's, they got to him really good. Remember that day? Sure, that day they got to Roland Cool and Powell. Who said, but you know, if there weren't WMDs, maybe we'll win the gun in there. A couple hours later after the head a little bit of a meeting, a little bit of a confab, a powwow, and they said he do your brains, will be on a plate or the signature or something like that. And he said, oh, no, we would have gone in there and we had to get rid of Sonny's a bad guy. Who's a bad man? Says Robert Novak should be getting, what does it say? Robert Novak should probably be in jail too. Let's put him on there. I'd like to see him in jail, even though he doesn't have any charges, but he should, for a jeopardizing and let not only a Valerie play, but also of course of all the other people in the CIA. A grotesque act by the omscious upper right wing. Incoherently, I should pun out, which maybe a good son, Robert Novak. I think he's right on the edge. I think he's got one foot in and the other one about two, and the other one about two thirds of the way. WKLS is regular guys off the hook. Radio and records is learned that WKLS Atlanta morning host Larry walks in every fun hasler known as the regular guys won't be penalized by their channel for a stunt gun or why in their Mark 19 show aren't you excited? I'm relieved and delighted. Sources have confirmed that walks on hostler in the rest of the shows cash including the board up every tanneder jobs following a closed or recession attended by a true channel radio c e John Hogan. I think he's driving in a fourth race at Pompano Park. The sources also tell our an hour that the company doesn't plan to further investigate the incident out here. Come listen, strap yourself in. Listen, I should read this very slowly. The sources also tell radio and records that the company doesn't plan to further investigate the incident unless the FCC becomes involved. Are you following that? Okay. Last and last has over suspended from WKLS after playing the where it's a backwards of a poor and accristimulating career sex access avoiding an FCC fine. What they were trying to take when out live on WKLS over rolling underneath a commercial. But the clear channel says it was a mistake we understated. Kiston made up everything's okay on less. The FCC becomes involved and that changes everything. That changes the whole picture. And actually syndicated morning personality man Cal Muller who show his base that MS alternative WKQX Q111 in Chicago is expected to file a $3 million lawsuit against longtime detractor David Edward Smith that charges Smith with business interference and following filing spurious complaints with the FCC that are repetitive malicious untrue and designed merely for the purpose of harassment and to cause Muller economic ruin. According to Chicago's sometimes communist robber's feters, Smith citizens for community values has lodged 66 complaints about man-cows morning man house with the FCC. In a statement Muller said, judgment day has come for those who hide in the shadows, twisting Bible verses and hiding in government offices while using another government office to attend to destroy my radio station, my wife, my widowed mother and my future children. The sometimes reports that Smith claims he's acting out his own, volition and carrying out a private crusade against Muller. When contacted by radio and records an MS representative had no comment on the matter, since the suit does directly involve the company. And, remember our good friend, San Britsing, low, see. Who was dismissed after a pre-recorded segment that aired February 29 on Santa Monica College's KCRW Los Angeles and featured the F-word twice during the same broadcast when I offer a commentary to Minnesota Public Videos KPCC Passed in LA, operated by Passed in a City College. The decision comes after KCRW General Manager Ruth Seymour rescinded her dismissal of low, but was rebuffed after low to determine that she no longer felt comfortable working at KCRW. She said once she even goes into buildings, she's feeling mighty low. Low contends that she never intended the obscenity to air and that it produced her had been charged with bleeping out the word from her program before it aired, but they didn't do it. Low will continue and it rolls a freelance contributor to MPR's marketplace. You see what happens when people are put in a position of bleeping words out? And they don't do it? See what I'm saying? Yeah. Problems. I just mentioned that after yesterday's minor incident, Muff got all better shaped. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. Not really. He's fairly middle. He doesn't want to have to start pop into many of those pills anymore. Pretty expensive stuff. I must of course we can get in touch with Wilma. Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail? 453 votes. Kenny Lay 162. Michael Jackson 109. Rush Limbao 83. Jason Williams 32, Martha's Doer 29, Kobe Bryant 20, Bobby Blake 13, Todd Bertuzy 3, Phil Spectre 2, and Bobby Novak we just stuck them on there. Just kind of for fun. I'll lie, mean it. He belongs behind bars. He's an evil doer. In fact, seriously, when you stop thinking of that expression, evil doers? Yeah. Seems to me that they're kind of like stole a government that he asked me. I could be wrong. I think those are the most dangerous evil doers in the world right now. Hey, you want to know more about following a low carb diet? You want to know the best tasting largest selection of low carb foods? Then there's a story you'll fall in love with. It's called the Laits of Us Booker. Whether you're starting or restarting the Atkins Sugarbusters, stop each of any other. Low carb sugar free diet. The Laits of Us Bookers always been the number one low carb store in the universe. And for good reason, because they've got so much good stuff. Over 1,200 low carb products to choose from, including braids and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies, chocolates, carbolite ice cream. They got your pasta and sauces, ketchup, cheesecakes and so much more. And don't forget if it's new and great tasting, the Laits will have it before anybody else too. The Laits is open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You can always try anything the store before your bite. They got a friendly staff that knows dieting inside and out and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brands products you'll find anywhere. And the Atkins products are on sale all day every day even on Shavuas. The Laits of Us Booker, they run the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 to ride next to Boston Market, column toll free, 1-877 low carb, L-OW, C-A-R-B, run the web you'll find to at lowcarb.com. And don't forget there's only one D-Laits of Us Booker that your official Atkins retail center. I have a local V-C-E-S-Y-C-Y-S-3-V-O-E-R-B, I have a Q-A-M. Us Dispesting program, I urge everyone to complain to this station. There's the wind and sights of business and salivate, all the dialogue and take profanity. It's where, unlike a sailor on a three-day pass, words are whole lot worse than us. Let them. F-M-F-M-F-M, column will agree. It's only drop the F-M-F-M-F-M-F-M-F-M-R-T-V. Pro! Hard can't wait for that. 29-T-L-N-F-I-V-S-60-W-T-U-M-A-D-O-G-2. The hopper, the Hebrew hammer, at four from the studio and the last study like that, in studio. But not for long, he's no dummy. He realizes the sick building with a lot of sick puppies running around. I notice on the schedule he's going to be the Nasdaq 100 Open tomorrow. And Friday also. It's out of there as much as possible. I scroll hopper. And then we got Marlins on deck at 650 tonight. Cardinals at the Marlins in Jupiter 705 and then the edict after the ballgame. I'm not promoting that sporting news radio anymore. I'm just, it the embarrassment factor is too great. No one's saying. I'm promoting it. I mean, I'm not mentioning it anymore. I try to promote the whole station mention the schedule, even mobile 5-Date in the morning and the Joe Rose following preceding us. But I will not promote sporting news radio. It's not a program. Just, you know, like putting on the test pattern. Would you agree? Mr. Sports, he happened. Let's take a look at that pull results so far. I told you, Russia's making a big move. You're right. I've always got a long way to go, man. Got a long way to go, long hill to climb. 499, I've got a fire refresher. We can get to 500. They're Sandy Burger on a very good guy. Number one, policy integration to ensure greater seamless this between agencies that have traditionally been either domestic or externally focused so that we never again have a situation in which, for example, the FAA or INS is disconnected from national security. Two, 500 votes. Sorry, Sandy. Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail? Kenny Lay 169, Michael Jackson 1117, Rush Limbaugh 101, Rush is moving into triple digits. Am I great? Yeah. Jackson 1136, Martha Stewart 35, Kobe Bryant 21, Bobby Blake 14, Kochi Kochi Todd Bertucci, three, Phil Spectre 2 and Bobby Novak Scott, a pair already good. Fry his ass. That's my comment. I rubber Novak. What a just obnoxious disgusting humorless mind blowing right wing. Oh, all I can say is you turn. That's the only thing I got left of that can say. At least as of today. Probably joy over there in April is just going to hear us playing that. So, a call, a muffin parents tomorrow. Oh, he said, turg, you can't say that. Well, I would like to heard an old that one of George W's many nicknames for Carl Rove is turd blossom. Yeah, well, that don't matter. Well, if it's good enough for Alpresidenti who has a very limited vocabulary, it's good enough for us, okay? I mean, he ain't no nuclear scientist. So it's good enough for Alpresidenti. It's good enough for us. Turd blossom. I can't explain what that's all about, but you can use your own imagination because it's in Texas. Well, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. I'm just hanging out by a thread if I get through till 2, I'll be okay tomorrow. You know what I mean? No. What do you mean? Well, in other words, you know what it's all about when you get like you're on a verge of a cold, but you know what I mean? That thing. But your throat is a little on a raspy side and if you could rest your voice and if you could rest your voice, what? I know. That is then it passes like a gallstone or kidney stone. Can we talk about a gallstone passing? No. I don't know. How many QA in? Hello. Yeah, I just don't know. Just to show the hypocrisy of the radio on the TV. I don't know if you've seen the shield last night. No, I did. But there was a prostitute got murdered cable. There was a rape scene. But that's on cable, man. Oh, no. That's five. Oh, it's on fox. He said it's a little ear. That's on FX. That's on FX. That's on FX. That's not over the air. It's only on cable. If I made a complaint myself, would AB obligates to investigate it and shut it down? No, because the FX is on cable. It's not an over the air channel. It's owned by Fox, but it's on cable, not an over the air. Oh, okay. We would then again, they had another hypocrisy with Fox. But the right wing station and that rape scene, right? Radio, woman getting raped. Absolutely correct. That's Fox. On a one hand, they use all the violence, all the racist stuff on the Fox entertainment. And I work so that Rupert Murdoch can make his millions and billions to finally write wing news propaganda machine. Yeah, I agree with everything you say and Rush Limbaugh is my vote. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, thank you. See you. Say a little louder though. Hey, Rush, can you hear us? See, I don't, you talk about a story that's just about God buried. I'm not, I'm not even talking about the, Dr. Shopping and all of that in the pill pop and I'm a himmitative to that. But here, here he had all of this civile. See, this is, what, what, what did I, where did I go wrong? Where did I go wrong? Way way back when, too late now. No, come in. Get all of the, no, seriously. I don't know. I can't have something to do with it. But all these people that have these, uh, quizzlings, these ditto heads. A, a, a, a very similar and of course it's generally the same people with a born again, Christian philosophy. All the fallen sinners. He's the one who repented. Baba, you know, they're the ones they like the best like you in Baker and Jimmy Swagger when they come back the second time after they screwed up big time. Then, oh, hallelujah, they refund the Lord, you know, as the same with Rush, who lied to his teeth about having some kind of, uh, you know, disease with his hearing, he had the oxy disease is what he had. Remember I read all those articles right after all this, something blew in the inquire. Yeah, about how the fact that the, the stuff that he was taking is known for causing dramatic hearing loss and even some people going completely deaf. But that got how much how many seconds coverage did that get? About 30 minutes. Yeah. And we don't want to talk about that because that would be bad. Then he goes on there and lies to his teeth about Richard Clark and lies to his teeth about anything and everything. And, uh, clear channel has no problem putting him on. I can't think of too many things in the world more obscene than Rush Limbaugh. And yet there he is every single day looked at up to that line through his teeth, hypocritical finger pointing, pill popping idiot. Yeah, you try trying to explain things to America man is like trying to get squeezed water out of a rock. I must of course it's on Mars. That's really exciting stuff. Let's go. Let's pack up and go everybody. Let's go to Mars. See, that's another thing. And I'm not suggesting I have any great brilliant scientific mind because I'm a million miles away. That, but the notion is whole thing of time and space and all of that. The average person, any person, can't really understand that. See the idea that there were all kinds of life in the universe maybe a billion years ago, maybe a billion years in the future, all of these things. People can't relate to that because our lifespan is so short, less than 100 years, how can you relate to even a million years or a thousand years much less billions? You can't do it. Good memory. Is that it? Yeah, sure. All right, remember when I was just a little of me, but so this business about well, are we going to find, we're going to find it because the next deal when they go up to Mars again, they're going to find the fossils. The microscopic fossils, and they're going to find all kinds of life, guaranteed. And it was to say, holy cow, look at this, what was this and what was that? And who, who, who, this be, you know, these are apagoo's. And I'm still worrying what, I'm really concerned for all your religion and stuff or the God squad. What kind of stories, what kind of fairy tales, what kind of bubble mice is there you're going to make up to try to cover your ass on that? Satan. Oh, it's another Satan plot. That's right. See, because even the God squad out there, if you believe in a God, why would it create a whole universe and just pick this one, lousy mediocre planet to put life on it? I mean, why let everything else go to waste, right? But Lord moves in the series. It moves in the mysterious ways. And on the first day, he created two lights, the large light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night and right. Oh, my goodness. Seriously, I think we need, so what do they call doctors who perform for perform a lobotomy? Lebotomists? Okay. No, seriously, what, there must be a name for them. I'm sure there is, but psychocrystics. Either that or we need a lot more of that, that Shia, Leko Shark therapy like Sheridan was getting their own passions. He sure came out looking pretty good considering all the shotguns she was given. Kenny Leay, 174, Michael Jackson, 125, Rush Limbaugh, 117. Jason Williamsman, he is a piker, he's only got 37. Why is that, do you think? I don't know. I don't know. I think they really believe that, stir. I think between the dog and the show for it was done. I have a double suicide. I think I'm more of a b- If you're one of them, you may find that your clothes are getting tighter. My clothes are shrewd. Don't worry, there's something in your size. I can wear a circus tent. I can get one, Jibbe. Being overweight, increase the risk of heart disease, touch your diabetes and cancer. Reduce your risk. Either the line of fruits and vegetables for snacks and meals. Bremen, bitch! I'm eating chocolate cake for lunch and take a crisp one every day. I'm taking a crisp one to the fridge. Oh, sounds good to me. Chocolate cake sounds good to learn how to pronounce too. No, I'm hungry. 560, 560, I think we're going to do a Wednesday. But what we're going to do today is different though. Not just play all these unlimited bits. What will we do? No, listen to me. We'll go back to the very beginning of the hardvark. Well actually in the beginning of the bars, we got that we don't want to play those though. I see all of those are in the very beginning before the alphabet A. But like the first bit is a claw again. I think this might be safe. Yeah. And then you got a dance goloans. Yeah. That's a good day. It's the best. Yeah. There'd be an interesting exercise. We'll do that in the one of two hours. Save my voice, my scratchy throat a little bit. And then we can hear some stuff. Probably we haven't heard for a long time. At least a little bit of it anyway. I think body augmentation we can still play right? Or at least things. There's nothing in there. Right? I don't know anymore. I see. Now you're reading a little carried away. Now you sound like joy. Yeah. Over there in Naples. The joy was wrong. Hey, Dr. Hang, I knew this for a while. You know about radio. You can put in a symbol to have room for Josh Friedman's ass left over. Anyway, we can't say that. No. Yeah. No. She's got a point. If anything's of scene, it's Josh Friedman's ass. Anyway, wait a year. This. This is of scene. State and city officials said yesterday that they were never told that terrorists suspects had entered Boston on liquid natural gas tankers coming into the harbor, which a former White House counterterrorism chief has said, led the high level concerns about an attack on Boston following the 911 terrorist attacks. They were never told. They said if they would have blown one of those up, they could have blown a whole downtown area of Boston off the map. Just big crater. No more fain, you will haul. No more Quincy market. No more Paul Revere's house. Mayor Thomas Manino, US representative Ed Marky and Governor Mitt Romney's public safety secretary Ed Flynn, also they've contacted federal authorities to get a full accounting of it. What US officials know about threats to boats that enter Boston Harbor carrying liquified natural gas. Each of them said they had heard nothing definitive from the Department of Homeland Security that transportation department of the Coast Guard by yesterday afternoon. They're still waiting. Manino, whose long argue that liquified natural gas ship and's represented serious threat to Boston area residents, said the federal government aired and not passing on the information of local authorities, not enough to state by the federal government. I just think somebody dropped the ball. The Mayor said that the terrorism preparedness form held a finway park yesterday. On the LNG tankers, nobody ever arrived in form. They didn't tell them nothing. The information about terrorist suspects using gas tankers to where the country would disclose by Richard Clark. In his book published this week, he wrote that Alcatta operatives had underbusted on natural gas tankers by boarding them in Algeria and said top federal officials were concerned about Boston Harbor being a target out of the morning of 9. 11. Shortly after the Pentagon, a world trade center were attacked with airliners. But nobody bothered to tell them people in Boston the Mayor, the Governor of Massachusetts, all of these things. I just mentioned that. I don't want to say that your government is lacks and loosely talk good game after the fact. I don't want to say that, but that's what I'm saying. WCWM, hello. How are you doing, Pally? Pretty good, Pally. Good. I got one for your polls. The crock, the biggest crock of the delay. Yeah, it's the average. Who is it? You're ruling my life. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. And so that with her true mind, I'm sorry, but we're not putting money. Nobody had that. So I'm pretty ill. Got ripped off on the world, come with me. How did that come? Hello. You did. Yeah. I'm arrested. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, I know. You know, there was this woman, Christine O'Donnell. She's a real religionist. She was on one of the news programs yesterday. She was saying how refreshing it was to be in the Middle East away from the smut here. Right. So it goes back, you know, the old violence is good and, you know, any kind of sexual words or a catch right. Oh, oh, oh, that. Now you guys, it's such an insane, and this was a young woman in our 30s. And if I'm not for role in this, open up a new chain of stores in the Middle East called Assassin's Arrest. I think it's going to be a big hit. You know, hey. The only thing people have to know about Bush is that he still has been a percent of the 20s and the 20s. Because he still has vetoed all the, uh, any money to the first responders as far as communications and protective gear. So I mean, there's still not prepared. I mean, where is prepared? I do not do it. Yeah, there's a way to do it. We're too worried about taking over space. Man, we got a worry worried about the, the platform of space for, I don't know what other doors. I remember when I was a little kid. We used to hide under the red desks, sort of the prepare for a nuclear attack or a new queue on our attack. Right. We're with about just the same today. If anything was to happen, I mean, so just have a big desk. Good luck, you pali. See you on the flow. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T, in Verizon, wireless. Fine. Oh, that was disgusting. One at gross. A course. Right. Corson, disgusting and nasty and vulgar like a old Leon sol whatever his name was there in a highland beach. All the old cockers all the time, man, what a waste of precious space and beach and sunshine. Things that could really be good. Clark could, it could be paradise. Except for people like you, Mo. miserable nasty old kuts. You, Mo? WDQM, hello. QAM. With a big echo on it, I guess their phone is a messed up WDQM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, regarding your polls today and requirement to be charged, you think about it. Those freedoms have already been taken away now. You know, so I don't know why you have that requirement. I mean, they can just say you're a terrorist and send you to Guantanamo. Which is probably where they'll send a rigid quote before one o'clock today. I doubt it. He'll be there right on your 52-inch screen, man. 1-3 of the afternoon between 1-1-3. I have such a fantastic line, but I just can't say that. You can't say you even know what it is. He has to do with your mind. Richard Clark. 560, 560, pong 560, 880, and 10-590, WDQM, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, pretty good. I just wanted to direct your attention to an article on freepress.org. Okay. About a guy named Aston Gibbs, and he invented the true vote system. You know what that is? No. It's a voting machines with paper trails. Okay. He just died this week in a suspicious quote, car accident. Oh, no. Yeah. So, there you go. That sounds like those guys who tried to mess with the oil, who were inventing all those alternative kinds of cars, the electric car, and hydrogen car, and some of them people met an evil little fay too. Oh, and lockwood also. See, the deal is either they'll pay you off to go away, or if they figure you're just going to be stubborn in a not-go away, they'll just make it up for you. You can't refuse. Right. I said lockwood, I'm not still good from the age. Right. So, anyway, I think you find that very interesting, and it's, you know, nothing shocking, you know what I mean? It's the same old stuff. Not anymore. Try and American man. Thanks a lot. I'll look it up. You got it. See. Freepress.org. Got it? Speaking of websites that stop FCC.com, the good news is that, and I don't know, nor do I really care about all the important, whether it's Russia, whether it's Howard or somebody, or a fuel anybody. I don't feel because it's a- Well, you see the problem, as most people are a clear channel, except Howard, that's why Howard's got issue really being going gangbusters on this, maybe he is, but I doubt it. But the stop FCC.com thing is really taken off, and you can see it by the gigantic number of signatures like California has zoomed into first place at a Texas, and we're still third, but, you know, and again, I'm not going to brow beat the people because we've done pretty well in Florida. 10,860 people in Florida, 12,610 in Texas, 13,5 in California. But the total is what's impressing me. It's up to 86,562. And you can see in the various states, even New York is like starting to move up big times. So people are finding out about this website. People who really do want to make their own choices, who are sick and tired of all the censorship. See, this is what's going on now, and again, I keep trying to explain it to you people and lot of, if you don't care, that's fine. I can't make you care. But they're just making things up as they go along. And this idea, it's like being back in kindergarten again. Oh, a teacher, can I say this today? Can I say this word? Well, we've been saying it for 20, 30 years, and not anymore, no sir. You can't say it. You can't do that. It's scary. And where the, how do you draw the line? And who are the people who will draw the line in the sand? I don't, other than finnity with all their resources. I don't know if anybody, trying to be these people. No chance. Now when they got that weak knee, joy over there, who they found on a street corner, up, up, pedaling newspapers. Oh, God. So anyway, it's starting to move up. Last five people to sign a petition, look at that. Somebody in Chicago, Illinois. Maple Grove, Minnesota. Port, something of other California. Stevenson, Ranch, California, and Seattle, Washington. Something's happening big with this thing. I don't know West Coast. Which is great. Well, it's good. In fact, you know, if we went out big, well, I still think we like to do the new Speaker, I think, to good idea. Because by the end of the week, I guess Scott should be up to about a hundred thousand signatures on here, but we just, it just don't have that much time to keep banging and pushing and pleating and hoping and the praying that somebody finds out about it. What we really would need was somebody to go on national TV. I know they have a lot of time to put a lot of crap on there, a lot of garbage. A lot of pop pieces. Wouldn't that be something if they did just like 30 seconds out of how many? About good and bad. Yeah. How about a paid TV spot? Well, we don't have the money for that. Not at any, like maybe. I don't think anybody will network or like on CNN. We don't, we haven't got the cash for that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. QAM hello. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to talk to the open up. Speaking. Yeah. New. Listen. All that you know about a website. I run across the other day. It's called depoli8.com. Yeah. I'm sorry. But it's those. They'll send you a bumper sticker. This says depoli8. Bush, which I like is great. That's cute. But same time I was listening to one of 2.7 this morning. And they had this Jill, Dana, whatever name on a psyche. The great day in Mickey Dane. Now I was Jill. I think there's a lot of probably a daughter. And she was saying something. And this is the scary part. Is that Bush is going to be reelected. Oh, that convinced me. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Jill Dane said Bush is going to get reelected. No point going to the bar. Oh, no. Let's call off the election. What are you saying? Oh, come on. She's. Oh. Oh. Oh. Man. It is a scary in it. Jill. I mean, if Jill Dane was on magic 102.7 this morning, it would be between playing the, uh, build me a buttercup by the foundations and a simple, very manual record. I mean, what's not to like, right? Right. So I guess we can just forget about it. Any of you people that were going to vote this November. And thought that there was going to be a presidential election. And maybe there was a chance of making a difference. But got about it. Right. That's our best advice. Corn do a Jill Dane. Hey, spring in a savings right now saved like never before on a great new car. Truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. You'll find him on US one just 20 easy minutes. South of your 836 Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead's worth a drag because they're going to save you so much cash. Thousands and Zillions and Kajillions on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leestials waiting for you right now. An 04 camera your 400 for just 269 bucks a month for 48 months. How about an 04 highlander just 309 a month. And if you're going to truck how about an 04 Toyota of 10, the safest truck in America. You pay only 170 99 a month for 48 months. These are just some of the amazing savings waiting for you right as I speak. At Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And now it was told increases on the turnpike for people using cash. Armstrong's will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car truck from their joint. General manager David Richa to staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a great new Toyota today. So for yourself to a big favor, okay? For your father for your father too. Experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally on an operated or committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. Their service department is even open late till 8 week nights to make sure that they get your service work done and done two perfection. Your final mid US 1 293rd in Homestead is 20 minutes south of the 836. Do yourself a humongous favor. Don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over promise and under deliver. And then get you to their dealership under some phony pretence. Call David Rich the GM at Armstrong's Toyota Homestead for the best deal in town 305 24232 47 305 24232 47 travel a little and save a ton on a great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And my name is sports retail prices. QAM. This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on QAPM. True不起. True不起. Down my career and thanks for a W flow, baby. When you hear this you are, are you better strapped yourself in? All right, a lot of strapping going on these days. Strap it. All right. This is from the world-faming, I mean, a famous, a fudge report, so it might be true. Wait until you hear this. Okay. Although we, it too bad you can't look in your speaker and see this, put your right now. Hold it up to it. Okay, you see it? Oh, look at that. It's not Simon Cowell. Now, in the first image on a right, he's holding up your house sometimes you're sitting at a desk. And you hold up your head with one finger. Okay. Now, picture on the right, he's got his index finger on the side of his head. But then there's another picture on the left of this, where he's holding up a different finger. Hmm. Hold it up to it. On his cheek. Huh? Hold it up to it. Oh, yeah, everybody does that. But, yeah. In the present climate, it may not have been so good of an idea. American Idol producers debate Simon, one finger salute, Fox Executive, is question on air gesture. Uh-oh. Are you ready? Are you ready for this? Now, even so called Imagine Gestures. The nations' top TV show is at the center of a fresh, decent sea debate. After American Idol judge Simon Cowell gesture to one finger salute during two minutes broadcast from Hollywood. The obscene gesture came to bring a heated exchange with fellow judge Paula Abdul, Cowell held his middle finger to his cheek as Abdul railed against comments made about a contestant. The image came close to being cut of topics as Fox Executive tells the Fudge Report. We're not sure he was though, we're not sure he was doing what he was doing quite frankly. The source said, it appeared he was simply resting his head on his middle finger. But I now think we made a mistake that Gestures should not have aired. The top Fox sources flipping the middle finger would not conform to the network's decency standards. Idol producers who asked Cowell to be framed for musing the provocative pose in the future, Fox airs idol with a slight broadcast delay, live at Eastern and Central Times owns it, but with a delay. But when it doubt they didn't f*** it out. It's not so simple, Simon. Well, guess what, guess what, figure I'm holding up, folks down. You can only guess I'm holding up both of them. Yeah, well, it's radio. It's radio. I'm not even holding up my head with a mithus. I'm just sticking right up in your area. Oh, Bradbury's. We'll see, you know it's a raspberry when you hold your finger up. Not to be confused with expatriativity. I mean, seriously, this is reached a point of mass insanity. It's lunacy. And to be wasting my time talking to a couple of overgrown children who mean well, but are just about as qualified as my wife. I thought as qualified as my little dog would have been to be, you know, we need a wartime console, eerie. We need somebody to go to back for those of us in the industry who would like to maintain some semblance of credibility in some kind of a program, talk into adult, not three-year-old children and sandbox. Do we have that? No. Are we ever going to have that? No. And where's our fearless leader by the way in the middle of all this? Where's the man who always, when the tough gets, what's that old saying? When the going gets tough, reg gets going too. Like out of town. Yeah. He gets going as fast as he can in the other direction. Like when we first went on the air in this god for second station, and he took the whole family as jammed and a play would off to Chicago. Because you knew that technic leader was about as much chance of us having a successful debut, and we still didn't spot you. How do you like that, Greg? And spot you. Running away like a child. But, you know, just powerhead tomorrow is the 25th. You know what that means? Yeah, you're paid a. Payday. Just keep that in mind. Keep thinking about that. Payday. And we from the wrong. Trend day. Arbitrins. December, January, and February. 560, 560, pound, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So now we have obscene gestures that are unacceptable even on the anxious fox. Wow. WCWM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. You need janko. Yeah, that's right. Look what we got. That's right. Pop head janko. Look what I got. And look what we got. Any closing. Poverty QM. Hello. Yes, sir. What's going on, buddy? How are you doing, pal? Hey, first I just want to say that that click you have a rum spell on the internet on your website. Why in the, hit the call line that is the best. Right. And why, tell like, two or three other beauty, yeah. I love that. But anyway. The whole thing is a thought of control. Like you said, I mean, millions of jobs, lots of all this stuff. And we're worried about it. Just like you read, you know, assignment, whatever his name is that he's a bird. This is not, I mean, don't we have anything else to worry about? I mean, this is so pathetic. It's so amazing. You think that the world was just paradise. Everything was perfect except for a few potty mouth people and people will want to flip the bird on TV. I mean, it just makes you so weak. You want to just roll it into a quarter and roll up into a ball. And I mean, we can't, I don't know what Howard been talking about. But if he's not doing more about this, like you said, I mean, this guy makes so much money. And I mean, this is his livelihood, too. And it's like he just, I don't know what he's doing about it. His problem is that his, he thinks that he's the center of the universe. He's the only one on the year in broadcasting. It all revolves around him. I mean, if he is doing something really good. He said, just putting a link on the water with 80,000 websites to stop at C. If he's doing something good, then I retract what I just said in more power to him. I wish he would, but I don't think he is. I don't get that feeling. I had an idea for a poll about which one of meals, beds, or and or noises that you can miss the most. Excellent. All right, buddy. Thanks a lot. They're only problem with that is how, how do I, well, I can do it. I mean, we did the thing with the words we can't say anymore. I found a way to do that. Although I discover that we can't, I don't even know how to say it. Nope. Well, let me just say this to you. Okay. I'll try to describe it. Delay this thing I inquired about and I'm not inquiring no more because every time I ask it, Oh, no, you can't do that. Now, you know that we can't say, Cool. We definitely can't say that. We can't even say, Hey, I think that was fairly clever. Okay. I can't, in other words, if you take the two words, the two syllables, they're all, cool and then a, see, I'm getting confused now. I'll still fell into a bucket there. Can't do it. Even though it doesn't mean anything is just, it means nothing. Okay, do that. Can't mention the rock group or the thing you did. Right. So this whole concept, the freedom of speech. I don't care what some old cockroach in Highland beaches right in a Sun Sentinel. Uh, Mr. you better get a brain. Okay. You think that you think that the people would understand when they start burning books and banning and censoring, you think they'd understand what that's all about. He's, he, he, he hear the damn boots. Maybe hasn't got his, his hearing a turn-up loud enough. First part of the figure to, to feel the shaking of the boots on a ground. They love the smell of burning books in the water. Is that what it is? It smells like liquor. Yeah, is that what it is? Makes me feel again like a walking lampshade. Every time I look around see what's going on right now. 560, 560, palm 560 on the AT&T line. WQA and hello. Neil God. Yes sir. You know how to, terrible, a radio accident last night. Oh. Phil Henry. Are you sure? Completely has lost whatever shreds. Right. Is it total sell out? He's become a right wing chill now. Yesterday, he's saying to, to the audience whatever's left of it, that Richard Clark was lying. Not because he had any specific, you know, evidence or any specific, of allegations. But Phil said, he can tell that he's lying because you can just help from the way he talks. But he's saying, I see. It was a sympathetic. Yeah. What's happened? Well, anyway, I hear what's happened is that he's got no credibility. He sold out his soul to the clear channel and right wing propaganda machine. And while anybody would even wish their time listening to him anymore, I have no idea. He's, he's not even a shadow of what he used to be. He's just a total sell out. We're sure. Thank you. Maybe that's why he ballooned up to 300 pounds. Maybe he's having a conscience problem. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks for the bad news. It's really sad. Just like man, cow, he's suing that guy that's all over his ass. But you know, something that'll teach you to suck up to the right wingers man. That'll teach you to hop in bed with all the right wingness, uh, goofball. See, I almost said it. I know. See, I hate to break the news to you. I'm often clearance and all you other goody two shoes people over your born again, uh, new, uh, Ward religion. But the fact is that when you speak, people have a way of speaking every day when you do it day after day, week after week, year after year. This is just the way you speak. It's that day. This is hard to be shocking. There's nothing shocking anymore. It's called English. But all these men is the people want to see that movie to pass to the Christ all that Boloni. So Mel Gibson can make $250 million. And all the blood and the guts and the whipping and lashing and violence. And it's going to be shocking because somebody says, uh, bag on the air come on. Give me a break. Get a life. Get a brain. I have no life. Oh. Come on. It's after not telling you as no life for sure. And that's Todd Dreck. This man. I am serious. We won't all the other stuff that's going on. I can handle it. I go with a flow. But this guy just makes me wild because he absolutely positively. Absolutely won't do it. He just won't do nothing. So here's a guy that's overpaid and underworked. I mean, big time. He won't let the finger even just like Simon Callie wouldn't even let that finger. I probably is right now. Back at you by the way, Todd, you idiot. But if you're, uh, it's quite to the contrary the other way around. Underpaid and overworked. If you're not making peanuts, here's the answer for you. Got to get some smarts. And if you don't have the education that you need, but you don't have four years to waste on college of the money that it takes to do it. Here's the way you can. Call a fast train. Get some skills. Call a toll free. 1-8-6-6 fast train. Because these people can have you train and certify for a great high paying computer network professional career and they can do it in just full short months count them if you can. You can be fully trained already for that new career in the bi-biddle of July by August. Whatever I'll go stow. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to put around your schedule too. Fast train offers job placement assistance financially for people to qualify. And with seven convenient floor to locations to serve you, there's body one convenient for you so if you're sick and tired of working for nothing, I've not had much of a life. If every day you wake up in a mirror and take to yourself, I have no life. Change it. Do something about it. Because in just four short months you can be on your way to a high paying career. Thanks to the good folks at Fast Train. What's not to like? Check them out of the web at Fast Train.com and then make that easy call that could be one of the most important calls you'll ever make. Talk to our main man over there. Who over that is? Why does everybody most main man? If you ever have my name? No. I'm main man. I even I don't have that many main man. I wish I did though. Call Pulfi1866 Fast Train. My life and local. You're sports video 560's you and 2AM. Well, I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know his true. He's my nephew too. Well, my daddy is my uncle. Go mother is my dear and flow. It is very plain to see my first cousin is me. Oh! Prop 18, at 560's that's our good friends up on the tree over there in April is including joy or real joy, not. I don't even know who she is. I already, I just just despise her. I just just re-evolting and grow test feelings going through my body and thinking about that bitch, but anyway, hang a great day joy. And thenoping and thats not what we can't play that namo. No, mind. I fucking said that was not on the list. I just added it. I say. Well, if you ask about it tomorrow, there's all you can't find out. Interesting. That's a good plan. Not to ask any more questions. Don't ask. I'm not asking any more. In fact, if Duff and Clarence come into any more in the morning before the show. I'll just nature will be calling. I'll have to go out and take a gigantic Howard David. No, say I'm letting Glyce. I can. Bomb found on French rail line. A French train employee on Wednesday found an explosive device buried in the bed of a railway line heading from France to Switzerland. The interior ministry said from France to Schweitz. I just like seeing it. Bomb disposal experts neutralized the device which was happy right under a track in the village of Monttier R&A. Monttier R&A. On a train line heading from Paris to Basel, Switzerland. The ministry said the statement is that Basil or Basil Rathbone. It was discovered shortly after noon today, French time. Six o'clock this morning, our time. There was no immediate family responsibility. The discovery came to which after a series of bombings of commuter rail facilities in Madrid. The kill 190 in St. Europe to a heightened terrorist alert. My best advice to people are going to be traveling to Europe. The summer is don't ride the trains. I know the trains are great. A lot of people want to hop on the train Amsterdam. Amsterdam got a colon or a Paris. Don't do it. Follow my drift. I mean, that's just my old opinion. I'm not telling you what to do. Just my own personal opinion. The travel tip. A little travel tip. No extra charge for your friends at QA. If you think about going to France and maybe going from to loose to a lot of track or whatever. Stay off the tracks. Oh, God, about it. That's exactly right. Well said, Mo. See, I knew he's good for something. What's the deal with him in Joe Rosa? Are they really a woman at the mouth again? What do you mean? Do you think it's fake? No, no. No, I don't mean it's fake at all. I mean, it just seems to be a weak handling here. And then just to a fever pitch between those two. I thought that Mo and I had the great aid. And believe me, it wasn't fake. It isn't now. They're the long line for you. Well, excuse me. A Muslim chaplain wants to expect a big part of an espionage ring. I think one ton of obeyed prisoners didn't found guilty of two minor charges. Prompting his lawyer to call him the victim of a drive by act of legal violence. That's an interesting term in it. I like it. Captain James Yee 35, a position to reprimand Monday during article 15, preceding used by the Army to settle minor disciplinary issues. In such proceedings, if I knew guilt is not result in a criminal conviction. The commanding officer with the Guantanamo Bay Base Major General Jeffrey Miller, found Yee guilty of two violations of military law, adultery, and improperly downloading pornography and an army computer. Miller had the option of imposing 30 days arrest. Not 30 men. And quarters, 60 days on restriction in loss of a half a month's pay for maximum two months usually a reprimand, Yee said he'll appeal. His attorney Eugene Fidel said he believes Yee's Muslim faith, led authority to improperly suspect him, calling Yee a victim that incredible drive by act of legal violence. Yee of Chinese descent converted to Islam from Christianity 91, actress Mildertary studies at West Pointy left the Army for Syria, where he received religious training returned to the West Mildertary soon after. He spent 76 days in custody after the militia. The military initially linked him to a possible espionage ring at Gipmo and Cuba, but the government failed to look capital espionage case against him. He was eventually charged with a misunderstanding classified material, failing to obey an order making a false official statement, adultery in conduct because I'm becoming an officer could have faced 14 years of... So, in other words, they're going to stick it to him as best they can. If we can't catch on this, we'll getcha on something else. Nice. How's that pull come out, kind of forgot about that? I'm busy looking at that stopfcc.com thing. And, you know, it would be nice to get to 11,000 because you folks, because I'm not prodding the South Florida audience. You know, I know a lot of you have done your part and that's great in sign of petition, but a lot of you haven't because you're lazy and because you're shipless, and because you're as scared because you won't do a damn thing. I think it's time lunch time right now, it's a good time to take a few seconds. All of take is... About 30 seconds. Click on stopfcc.com and sign that petition if you've got value of freedom of speech. If you're sick and tired of losing your favorite programs and your program, and your program is that you do like that you're still on being watered down. So, that we can't say squat. I don't like can we say squat, we can't even do it. 86,942, we're going to go to 87,000 and very shortly. Is the total? The Florida lags behind there, 10,000, 905, kind of turning it away week third right now. And we need 91 more for 11,000. We should be able to do that, shouldn't we? Easy. 95 more for 11,000. Between now and two o'clock, I don't want to press it too much because it gets really ponderous. And I just, you know, you just get tired of it, a portion of it, and begging and pleading. There should be no problem at all as soon as anybody on the earth says, you get on that thing and let's help cut this crap. There should be a thousand of people on there. Doesn't happen though. WDQAM, hello. QAM. Thank you, AM. Yes, sir. Neil, when I signed up on the petition there was stop FCC.com and it's right. But you know you did buy it, something on your email. Yeah. So if it does come back on the email, that means it didn't happen. No, no, yeah. Yeah, it's just a technical thing. They all go through. Yeah, they all go through. Yes, sir. Okay, just wanted to make sure. They're probably more time. Thank you. Thanks a lot. He did it several times, good. Oh, it really you're not. See, I don't want to go into the thing about spam folders and filters and this, and that because it's two complex for my nimble mind, okay? Because I was concerned about that two in the beginning. Because in the very start of this thing, I thought, oh, I get hooked into something that turns out to be a funny, baloney deal. My Catherine Harris is dead or something like that. And by the way, speaking of Catherine Harris and that whole deal, it's just amazing to me. The kind of spewed on that ones up on the internet. If you do a search on the aradju, as you'll find how many stories are there to me. Oh, check your facts Neil, Roger. And none of them is even close to relating what really happened that day. First of all, I didn't find that story online. Somebody intentionally facts to to us. I can't even imagine who that was. And, and, you know, and course I did look for independent verification. I checked all the other websites. I mentioned that on the ear that they couldn't find it on CNN. That network affiliate website couldn't find it anywhere. So it was very dubious. But I did read it. And of course, having known that Jim Bush was here in Toronto that weekend for a couple of days to do got all he knows what. And that maybe Catherine Harris might have been coming up here. It was kind of a juicy interesting thing. Within a couple of minutes, somebody called and said, well, if she's dead, she's doing a good impersonation and being alive. Because she's being interviewed live on C-Span right now. Within a couple of minutes. So it was corrected. There was no problem at all. It was kind of amusing if he asked me. Oh, check your facts, Rogers. And he ought to be fired for this. Well, guess what? I think that the cock robber is dead now too. How do you like that? I don't have any independent verification of that. But that's why I want to opinion. Should I write that? No, of course not. Are you crazy? It's on the list. It's a name. All right. Okay. I certainly hope you're not. Just check this serious. 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQM. I understand the way things are gone now. You never really know. I don't want to be a luxury. No, let's get another lecture tomorrow from a tough. But I mean, but I'm going to do this. You didn't do that. But I'm not too responsible. Hey, don't get lost. Go to lunch. Not necessarily. Go to something productive. Go get lunch with clearance. And the two of you can sit there and ring your hands together. Or maybe just hold hands. Or be good. If you're bringing your hands because your carpets are kind of nasty shape right now, do yourself a big favor. Forget about going to the yellow pages. Hope you can find somebody that'll make them look really good. Forget about going to the store and slept home a bunch of heavy equipment and making a mess on your flow. Do the smart thing that I've been doing in my home is probably 20 years. Call the experts the best in the business of drug concepts. They are simply the best in the world at bringing back all kinds of carpeting to life making them look just like brand new. Also, area rugs, your drapery, your repository, all of these things. Like I said. Their train technicians will drag clean your carpet. St. concept is used to drag clean your clothing. And when they finish, it'll be like a miracle was just performed on your flow. You'll step back and take a look around and say, hey, how would it known to myself? I think somebody came in, sneaked in the middle of the night and put brand new carpeting down on my floor. Would dry concepts? Your carpet smell lemony fresh. They look in spell just like brand new. And they're dry to couple of hours so you can clean today and literally entertain tonight. Call today. And when you do, be sure to ask about being put on their stand by list, which will save you next to a 15%. And you're not going to be able to do that. On your next carpet cleaning from dry concepts. And don't forget, they give you a written guaranteed price when they come in. They look around. If you're got how much it's going to cost, give you a written guaranteed price. As opposed to all the tack ons and add-ons, the carpet cleaning companies are famous for. Call them today. They'll never let you down. Call tool free. 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Or check them on the wicked web at dryconcepts.com. My life is closed. This is for three o'clock six o'clock. You wait until you weigh him. The food is gone. Fun box. It's cooked. Oh, American, I believe is you. I'm officer of Simon Cowell. Right now we're responding to the salt battery coil. We're looking for suspect in Cori Cowell. There's... There's... Cori Cowell, hold it right there. You're under arrest for hitting your sister. And for hitting a few sour notes. They were. You're under right to remain silent. Based on your last performance, I only wish you'd exercise that one more often. It was awful. You're under right to consult an attorney or in your case, a vocal coach. But I can't afford a lawyer. Well then, an attorney will be appointed for you. Perhaps Jared Andrews or Tunis could recommend someone. It's cops. Oh, American, I believe is you. Join us next week. What officer call gets a new partner? Officer Randy Jackson. Could you possibly eat more donuts? Oh, no. Good room. I won't roast you. Absolutely disgusting. And that way, put that thing to me down now. Prop 32 or 560 WCOM. How many votes we got in that pool? 600 in some auto or psychovate? 7204. 7204. Which of these people would you most like to go to jail? Kenny Lay 2015. Rush Limbaugh 183. Michael Jackson, 172. And then after that, it's strictly a free house race. After that, Martha Stewart 45. Jason Williams 45. Kobe Bryant 28. Robert play 17. Robert Novak 10. Phil Spectre 5. And Todd Bertuzzi. 4. Out of 724. Here's the fact this is a camp. I can't believe my ears, but I just heard someone asking questions on the 911 inquiry. Referring to Condy Rice and then Miss Rice. Thank the Lord of the Ganswing went back to Dr Rice. Thank goodness for that. Otherwise, yeah, don't mess around with Condy Lisa. Okay. As we learn to hear a QAM about a year and a half ago, don't mess around with Condy Lisa. We're going to make you know if you can't refuse. This is cute. Will you just facts me? Yeah. Susie and Wesson says this may be the smartest county in USA in Oregon. In a new twist in the battle over same sex marriage rolling across the US, a county in Oregon is banned all marriages gay and head of a social until the state decides who and who cannot wed. All right. Probably doing a big favor for a lot of people. The last marriage licenses were handed out in a Benton County at 4 p.m. local time yesterday. As of today officials in the county of 79,000 people began telling couples of flying for licenses. They go elsewhere until the game merged to be disedled. Come on, get married? Go someplace else. It may seem odd Benton County Commissioner Linda Madrell told writers in a telephone review, but we need to treat everyone in our county equally. State attorney General Hardy Meyer said in a statement that he was very pleased with Benton County's decision. It is my sincere hope that the legal process will provide clarity for each of Erdogan's counties. The three county commissioners had originally decided to start handing out gay marriage licenses this week, but on Monday reversed that decision amid a growing firestorm of lawsuits across the country, and decided instead to put temporary halter all marriages. Rebecca Castle has spoke to us spokeswoman for basic rights Oregon. A pro gay marriage group pulled writers. It's certainly a different way for county commissioners to respect their constitutional obligation to apply to law equally to everyone. We appreciate that they're willing to say that they're not going to participate in discrimination. Let's just go on Oregon. How do you like that? Pretty interesting. Do you want anything? Might have to move them. Now, it might have to move there pretty soon. The way things are going. Let's take a look and see how Florida's responding. 10,928 people have signed StopFCC.com, which leaves 72 for the 11,000 number. We can do it easily between now and two. Can't we? Easily. What's right do we need to make today? Hungarians? Thanks to Robert and Will of Manors, by the way, and boots up a little bit, Bobby. Thanks to Robert and Will of Manors, who was signed. California, New Jersey, California, Maryland. There are obviously some people on the earth or somewhere promoting this, and I'm ecstatic to see that. Wouldn't it be great if we could get like one add on TV? Just 30 seconds. That's all. What would you put it? Just out of curiosity. Where would I put it? What would you want to put it? Um, big young crossfire? Okay. I'm talking about on cable, not on network. Right right. Crossfire? We just can't afford that. We'll never raise that much of an hour. I have no idea how much that would cost, but it would be prohibitive. I believe. Don't you think? Lots. Plus, do you think she and then would air it? No, probably not. WDQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy. How you doing? Finally glad to get through. Listen, I thought it was great. I turned your show on on Monday, and not only I was going to call you to see if you listen to 60 minutes. You were playing 60 minutes. Right? I thought that was great. It was real nice to hear the Bush people mumbled and bumbleed or hallway through trying to figure out who was right and who was wrong. The bottom line is the guy is a registered Republican. Right. Isn't that the key to anybody? Isn't that the lie? They just can't handle the solid graves. And it's just like they did before. Anytime someone leaves, they got a throw onto the train and make them look as bad as possible even though they're just combing the truth. And when we find out today that they forced him to lay the release of the book for three months, it goes to show you that it had the timing of the release had nothing to do with the election campaign. Yeah, I mean, this guy, President Bush, I mean, what is this? This is the biggest criminal that we have ever seen run up the office of the president. And you know, when, when, care, remember a couple of weeks ago, Kerry got caught in Chicago, making those comments and he didn't realize the mic was on. Oh, yeah, and then, yeah, he was on the road. But he, you know, something he was absolutely right on target. These are the biggest liars, the biggest crooks who have ever had a course they stole the election. So I wouldn't be seasoned crooks. Right. And as, as they're complaining about Kerry, they, they reram the Bush thing that he said, Ah, under the much of home that major league, whatever. Yeah. Oh, he can't even come close to say that anymore, right. But it was okay for him to do it. Mm-hmm. Anyway, thanks, Neil, love you. Hang in there, Palli. Maybe these are crooks. 560, 560 on the AT&T. Yeah, that was okay. See, this good born again Christian, holier than now, this great United out of the divider George W. And he's up there doing a 2000 campaign. He says the cheney. Oh, that guy over there, see him from the York Times. He's a real, cool. Can't say, that's as close as we can come to say in that anymore. Is, cool. And of course, if joy gets ripped to that, should probably say, Oh, you don't do that no more. They know what you're saying. No more bleeping. In fact, I think what we really need to do is start somebody's who just did this a few days ago, doing the show on Pigletton, even though I don't know it. No, because obviously the deal is now, people shouldn't understand what you're saying. That's the key. As long as they don't have any idea what you're talking about. Oh, it's quite roofed on time. They knew that what you really met by that. Okay, well, how about the minimum? X, they up here knows. Huh? Okay. I don't pay, let it end. I'll be w for that matter. Do you really? Sure. I guess I better study it. Okay. Luxe time. And maybe I'll study it between now and to a clock. I'm not listening. I'm trying to say I'm doing a negative. This is a job. I'm really patting myself on a back because, uh, a little scratchy through. Now, some, huh? That magnificent job wasn't yesterday. What do you mean by that? Let that potty work get out on the air. Got us all in trouble. Are you going to start? It seems that this is the problem with you is that you're relentless. Let me give you three words. Okay. Let it go. All right. Now you have this bugger with, with, with muff because she comes in there. He gives you a scolding and a, we look, he's got to do something. Okay. To make him feel like a little muscle. You know, oh, look at his updewits. Is that the Greg? Did you see that? I went into there. I looked up. Have a Greg. He's got to do something. He justifies existence on a planet. He's, he's okay. He's a good, uh, guy. Something. He means well. He just needs, like I said, justify his being in a building and actually, uh, take it a paycheck. Of course, Clarence. Well, that goes without saying. He discovered all of a sudden that sports was, uh, that was only the beginning. And I'm really curious. I'm wondering if the other people on that radio station, the sports nerds. And I don't say that's our cash to play me. I've got to call you the, you called your mad as a sports nerd. Yeah. Believe me. He's been called that. I love the mad dog. Great guy. Sometimes full of crap. But he's a good guy. But I wonder if there are experience of the same, if you go these as we are with all of us to study. You know what I mean? Are they also being given the same list? Because the lead you lead. The lead you me some of our colleagues use words that, uh, we don't use on this show. And never have. And I think, uh, for example, the G. I don't even, I didn't even get a clarification of what we can say. G D. We certainly can't say what it stands for. You know, but, uh, well, how about G? Yeah, good. Yeah, without the Neil. Ha ha ha. And I didn't say it right. No. Oh, wait a minute. How about can we say? Good. No. Dang. Can't even say gosh dang. Go better not. So like I said, let it go and just move on with the show, okay? Twenty-two one at five sixty W to Q a M. Richard Clarks got to be testifying me for the nine eleven commission shortly in the one or clock hour. We'll put on some of it and depending on how interesting it is. We may put on a lot of it. That'd be a good way to save my voice, right? Sure. But what he asked is, so we could put on the word around now. It's a instructions. It was not your, it was not your description. Okay. A standing ever stole a free train. He's a good guy, but, uh, yeah, Richard Clark is a little bit more timely. The book is excellent, by the way. Right about the first several pages. I'm off to a good start. Unlike a polo Neil book, which is important, but I don't know. Polo Neil, the book is kind of like he is, you know? Little wimpy and all over the place. I've been telling you folks for years that when you need new mattress, you don't last forever, the easy way to get you a great deal is to call 1-800 mattress for our friends at Dalama. Because these folks back up everything they send their advertising 100%. Their competitors still lie like crazy. When you see a big mattress, making outrageous claims, please, please, read the fine print. Because there's lots of lies out there. Lots of Vs. Can we say that? No. Lots of f***s. Here's an example. The ad screens half off, but this only applies to a limited selection of items that you would never choose. They will be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like it. Dalama, Triss, there ads have no tiny print notice-lammers, no lies. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll see that the prices are always so low. That other stores have to offer half off sales just to compete to be the same ballpark. Dalama Triss gives you a no risk, 30-day coverage exchange policy. But do it, man. On all beds, including yours. And don't forget when you call Dalama Triss at 1-800 mattress, you're getting company ranked number 1 and overall customer. satisfaction too from candle to steward. Palm Beach to Ford Myers. Even Naples. Joy. Dalama Triss reminds you to be the fine print because they much know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what you'd be waiting for, do what I've been doing for years now. When the old mattress is bumpy and lumpy and worn out, you're not going to be night sleep. Make that one simple call. Just sit there and wait. They'll be knock it on your door. Just when they say they will. Call 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com. Dalama Triss 1-800-MATTRES. The honest way to buy a bed. My life and look all this is for Real Five Seek. For people who try and enrich themselves on the suffering of others, to tantalize the blind, the lame, the dying, the afflicted, the terminally ill, to dangle hope before parents of a severely afflicted child is an indescribably cruel thing to do. And to do it in the name of God, to do it in the name of religion, I think is unforgettable. Dr. Bill, he's the fresh new face of TV talk. Now his post-C pearls of wisdom are available on this new compact desk. Introducing the best of Dr. Bill with great Dr. Bill clothes. You want to know where the truffles are? Just follow the page. And... Now if you fall off the horse, don't get back on. Shoot the dang thing in my car. Huh? But that's not all. When you order the best of Dr. Bill, you'll get hundreds of pitting him peculiar things like these. The former wouldn't need a tractor if the ox ran on diesel. What? Plus... If you treat your marriage like a turkey ranch, you better keep your eye on the giblets. If you enjoy getting advice, let's both down home and downright confusing. Get the film fast, Dr. Bill. I'm Dr. Phil McGraw. And before you order, think about this. If you're sitting on a stool that's too high, you ain't never gonna reach the utter. And the maker, myself, Claire. And... Operators are standing by anyway. Rough 48 at 5. Since you know that first thing I played that... ...as a drop in... Right. The rap... The rap I talked about, Benny Hinn. There's a lot of people since it was taken to the context. Oh, there was no setup for it. He was talking about Benny Hinn. Was that on 60 minutes or something like that? It was on that front line show that they did all about him. But all these... ...of Fony Faith he was like Ernest Ainsley and Benny Hinn. All these grave robbers? I think we ought to play it again. There's a special place in hell for people who try and enrich themselves on the suffering of others. Of the youth... ...and to realize the blind, the lame, the dying, the afflicted, the terminally ill. To... ...dangle hope... ...before parents of a severely afflicted child... ...is an indescribably cruel thing to do. And to do it in the name of God, to do it in the name of religion. I think is... ...is unforgivable. Phil, God! Hey, man. Well said, Rabbi. 1249, 1194, 1QA. 10,976, we need just 24 more signers. To get up to 11,000 before we get out of here today. That would leave my mind feeling cleansed. You know what I mean? I feel like an easy, ungoody conscience about life. If we get to 11,000... ...and in fact, I'm pretty sure the way this thing is going for Scott and each staff of CC.com. I'm pretty sure by the end of this week he's going to get up to 100,000. I think so. Because I think just like Topsy now, just like that big, bolder stuff roll down the hill. That big ball of whatever it is. It's grown like crazy. And more and more people are discovering it and some other people obviously are promoting it. And we get that add in there, maybe some other people will do the same thing. Who knows? It's getting millions of signatures. And we should... The idea that the public is just going to see it's the listening public. It's the people in the business. It's the people that own the licenses. Everybody connected with it and any passively or actively. For next time you see him up, ask him that. Passively or actively. No, nothing. Ha ha ha. Let's see. Here's one of the fact that says, I don't know you don't watch Bill O'Rally. That's for damn sure. That's not you should have seen and heard the God hearing good Christian Bill O'Rally. Telling the Godless silverman that he's going straight to hell for being an unbeliever. Now that's a good Christian adherent and who the heck is O'Rally to be the judge. And who's silverman I wonder? I don't know. Sounds like a... Is it Richie Silverman from the Metal Lands? The segment was called Godless Americans for Political Action Committee. A new polar... Oh yeah, we already had that on. Godless Americans have a lobbying group. Oh the segment guest David Silverman, National Spokesman for the Godless Americans for the National Action Committee. You go David. Nice going boy. Also, in today's Naples Daily News, all Naples. Oh God. I'm starting to gag already. Codder County Commission unanimously approved the first phase of the O'Rally project yesterday. The first Catholic University we built in the U.S. in 40 years. O'Rally a centerpiece will be a landmark church rising up to 200 feet to the year, surrounded by an elliptical Plaston that overlooks a long university green. The church will hold 3,500 people. KP Accorgable, St. Lompond, Resfanceses. You always mention in God and God's internally keeping confused. Once again, please be more precise talking about which you're okay, KP, whatever you say. Just calm down a little bit. Get your drift, get your point, your intentions are good, but... ...lug off. 560560, POM560, Aud. AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Don. I think something exciting is going to happen one. By the way, don't forget to Ann Parkinson. Is behind our beauty curtain. She's our sunshine, old girl of the day today. They all will see much younger picture, thank goodness. Yeah, she's so famous, David, into disease after her. Oh, that's a good idea. Oh, that's a good idea. If you've got a different number, it's 10976. Or maybe it'll be repression. 87329 signatures. What? Oh, that was looking at the Florida one. You are? Yeah. 10976? That's it. Okay. Well, it takes a little while before it changes before it's a tallies of all up. Yeah, I got that tall one. Tell me, banana. Tell me, banana. Is very beautiful. Well, I can't say, tell me, banana. Oh, oh. I just love. I got to play the end of that one, baby. No, I think it's so great that there's a lot of money. Let's go. Rich girl. Rich girl. I said shut up. You're pretty. I'm gonna tell you what's going on. Rich girl. Rich girl. Rich girl. Mr. Oats. Oh, Mr. Oats. Oh, I'm sorry. Is he singing just the backup again? Yes. Oh, it's so tragic and embarrassing. But that's what you guys like, right? John Oats. If they gave an award for a second banana. Hey, FCC. I said banana. Go ahead. Find me. It's a big juicy shopping mall. Look at your business tonight. Oh, man. They get it. I love it. Somebody gets it. Tell me the QM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Got a little thought that I had. I like the past on to you. I have a way where you can get the word out on the.psc.com. Please. Not cost a cent. Alright. I like it already. And millions of people will see it. The only thing is I think you're going to have to make a concession. Then you're going to have to do something which I know since the long listener you wouldn't want to do. What is that? I think that you should contact Larry King and go on the Larry King show. Oh, no. I'm not going to Larry King. Well, bro, you got to do something. I mean, everybody has to make a. That's what I'm going to do. Wait, but when you say I got to do something. Well, I mean, you're talking about an I agree with what you're saying. Yeah. But if you were to have a free you know if you call him, you're on. No, no, no, I don't know that. I've never been on a show and in fact, they invited me once. Then they changed their mind. They don't want me on there. Well, for something so controversial is this and you can go on there and talk about it. Well, why can't why do we work on getting Scott who's going to stare at it. Think let's get him on Larry King. Why don't you both go on there. I'm not going on Larry King, sir. I'm not this is not an ego trip. I didn't say it was an ego trip. Listen to me, sir. Listen to me, please. If we got Scott on there and he discussed it and got the word out. Why would I need to be on there? Okay. Well, and be the lead guy and get him on there. Call him on me. It's an excellent idea. I'll work on it. Thank you, sir. Thanks, pal. Boy, talk about a little bit. Dictatorial there, huh? A little bit. Do it and do something. You're talking about do it. I thought I was doing something. I thought I was going to a fairly decent job here in my one little corner in the world. But it's not about idea. Get somebody down Larry King. We want to see your party face on the TV. Am I pretty face my ugly face ain't going to be on the TV, okay? I'm not an ego test. I'm not doing this as a suffocating, analyzing a stunt or something like that. I don't need it. But it's a great idea. Maybe you ought to put a call into Larry King's producer. Call him what? Nothing that we can see on here anymore. I had some things immediately came to mind. I'm serious. I'm serious. This is part of your empire. Sure. Yeah. And say. I'd say that we've got a course. I'm not going to get in touch with Scott in New York. Right. I'm sure we can find a way to get in touch with him online. To his website. Right. Right. Well, we'll work on it. This is not going to happen like in one day. But that's an excellent idea. I just don't like the little bit too pushy for me. But a good idea. Thank you so much. That's right. I like that even better. Tom says everyone knows that the flag over the condolese is song was started by a mole and the bombing was going to drop. Well, let me don't know that he started it. But he certainly had his finger in it from what I'm hearing. Funny thing, Neil, that the NAACP wars everyone was saying we need to forgive him for getting what Janet Jackson did. It was in the past. Don't these hip hop artists realize that they're next on the FCC hit list? That Janet did only because she has a CD out. By the way, Janet, your CD is collecting dust on the shell. Right. The best thing anybody can do is know how to bow out gracefully. Too bad Janet didn't learn this lesson from her brother. Mariah Carey, another is that it now just tools, tools. Keep on the pressure says Tom. Do it in the letter I say. I wish people were trying to hang on too long. Like Mariah? Hey Mariah, they don't like you, honey. They hate you. Don't you hate Mariah Carey? No, I don't hate her. They do. Okay. I hate her. Hey, John, don't you hate Mariah Carey? No. Okay. I don't like her. But I'm marking these things down. Don't you dislike her intensely? I dislike her music intensely. She's strange. Yeah. Ah. 256 at 560WM, where we despise Mariah Carey. And Louise Meill still don't want no part of it. Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are positively in credible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application fee zero credit bureau fee, and zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low rate interest of just 1.25%. 100,000 alone your payments are only 334 month. If you have a 200,000 alone you pay only 608 a month. And don't forget once you refinance you get a new home mortgage from financial group. You will never ever pay those outrageous closing costs again. So call today there's new obligation called tool free. 1, 86, 395, land. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve that moved you next property. We know for the cost of expense zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fees zero closing cost even when you moved another property. Get that new low rate of finance. It's only 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group and never pay close and cost again. Please call them today. 1, 86, 395, land. They'll spend it to you. That's financial group at 1, 86, 395, L.E. and D. The Renequel housing lender restrictions apply rates something to change monthly for 0.21 APR. 5,000 local, 86, 5, 60, 399, you're a perp. 1, 86, 399, you're a perp. But heads is the one to two hour. She'll have a sale. With rich comfort free. And none of that on breakfast train on toilet. Her class friends can visit her just once a week. They'll focus cigarette and check with my business friend Lonnie. But there are no two cars but tons of fabric there to sew. The exercise yards be only place. She's allowed to go. My first daughter. She has been dying. My first daughter has been dying. She has been dying. But she won't give up. She's going to walk till. But she won't give up. But there's no new deal. She won't give up. She's poppin' back so. She'll make it not boring to sit and whack till. She'll have a sale. Wherever you want can see. When the rich fame is lady, I step for walking. She'll have to sleep. When she hears the bell ring. She should have told the truth and come clean about inside and training. Your father's son. She has been dying. My father's son has the wrong mind. What a great five-sickly. But if you're much of a line nine, it's where you can see where I am. You've got to put Mary and Lonnie on that hill. Yeah, what crime has she been convicted of? God, only hope she does. Okay, great. I mean, she's been accused of, you know, I mean, yeah, possible. We want to put her on her. Sure, go ahead. Put her on her. Mary and elephant. Let's see. Good afternoon says this facts. Your George says just wanted to ask a question regarding the growing list of unments and rewards, phrases, sounds and thoughts. Since it appears that religious vocups have seated, can I say that? The events that you have to say real fast, including a damn on the list. What about Holy crap? We still can say in fact in that bill what he said about pool and pee, we can still say pool and pee and holy crap. All right. Thanks for going to Tim and Good Work, George. Thank you, George. We can say holy crap. And you know what else we can say? Holy cow. Listen. This is the first alphabetized out of five or six thousand fifths. I'll call it again naturally by the moment of heat, I'll cry. With his intestines hanging down, he looks like a slaughtered now. I eat a part of the shell, my main name, or my host, if I've ever met a king, it's down. He has everything I need. In fact, a good idea. The audience people are really care about the show, really into what how many of those are there. But you might want to start making a list of these, so that we can, you know, the service a lot of time, the ones that we can, that passed the mustard. The mustard. From his bladder to his feet. Pass the mustard, please. He's hanging out in back on a freezer rack, with his eyeballs frozen open. It's so crazy, but the name has my gun, and on the joke, his lips are perfect match for me. In case my name gets broken, his organs are all mine. He doesn't seem to mind, a clone again. Oh, that's really. I just want to be okay. We don't have to listen to the whole thing. I think it's going to be just fine. Don't you? Okay, I'm still going to listen. A day, it's still longs, no, I'm not too sure about that. Oh, look at that. I just, you know, what I just did. Don't worry about that. No, I took a day, because I was just a moon household. Hey, you're Jennifer. You're just seeing the chef looking at me. Did he look me in the eyes? Hey, you're chefy. You work pretty hard on his steak, huh? I've took what? Three, four hours? Well, they rover. Well, now it's dark me. Never look me in the eyes. And now, a typical evening at the Sylvester Stallone household. He's the big man sliced alone. Wonder how he like his chicken soup, hot or cold. With or without a luggie. And with, maybe I dip my boys in it for a little flavor. I have a beer and just the appetizer. I don't look me in the eye. Don't. With the chef. All right. That was great. That was clean. That was about as creative as it gets. Right. I mean, could we say boys? No. I'm sorry. Today. And I believe there was fabulous. They believed that the whole word in the whole house. I can't get on the stop. I've seen, which means there's a big run under. I put it on me again. Can you get on it? Let me try to refresh it. I've got the hour glass here. Yeah. I'm on it. Okay. 11,000 and 9. Oh. All right. Thanks. Good response. Over the 11,000 mark in Florida and approaching 90,000 total. Now, a fumbling twit. See, some of these that I remember until they are, although it's got a little I put this in here. So, coming soon, do a cinema near you. It's the greatest romantic comedy in the history of film. You, Grant, is a fumbling twit. Well, if I may. I hope I'm not being too forward. The London Times is a fumbling twit is so light like that no more film should ever be made. As they would only fail in comparison to this brilliant piece of twit headed Tycast thing. If one may be so bold as to ask you and understand that I'm trying to track a fight standing near in the middle of the street. But I'd very much like to ask you. If you see only one Hugh Grant movie this year, then you certainly won't need to see this one because he's playing the exact same 20 plays in all his movies. I'm glad that you didn't with me. Well, there's something other than meaning to. Or then is to say, it finds you the quite fetching. And you think Elizabeth Hurley left him because of that whole divine brown to you? No, she left him because he's a fumbling twit, now playing in selectorsity. I do rather hope you come to see me in a fumbling twit. That is to say, if you don't mind, my theme somewhat cheeky. Oh, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello. God, which is shut! Oh, oh, I didn't. I suppose that was just fine, wasn't it, I was kosher? Sure. We'd just be careful, I make sure for example if you're going to talk about and clearance and say there are a couple of thumb-winged twits. Just be careful where you say it. I'll probably talk about them. Couple of twits. Now I can play the whole fair but this is, we know this is good to go. Hurry clean. A zone, zone, time ago. Right. A hundred years gone by it's 8 minutes and 19 seconds keep that in mind before the end of the show today. We got Richard Clark is going to be testifying before that 9 11 committee so we'll keep our eye on it. There is a bill Schneider. Because allegations about President Bush and his a little pain. Oh I don't think so. No. I'm just I'm getting really nervous thinking about it. Why is that? We're only there. Just knowing about the subject matter. I don't see how he could tiptoe around the edge. Well what's the subject matter? Paint, paint your spot. Oh, like I said. Oh now this one I'm not too sure because it's about A-Roy. You're back. Oh. A-Roy says he thinks it's great. Oh, he's the grand every trip to the place. He's got 10 years and a quarter billion bucks for a game. That's crazy. Half a mill to play each game. You've got to think the owners in saying he has to pay every time a day runs fits on the ground. That's crazy. He still gets paid. If he makes out and all the fans will scream and shout. Oh, what does he care? He still gets a chance. If he hits or he sits or he walks on. He walks when he bats. He bats. Oh, baby, what he makes. He makes. It's crazy because he's got a bigger contract now than can't resist. Look, they can score him in history. He bats. He bats. They think there's no way there will be that. He and no one the biggest sin. That even when they ride their snow, raise a raise a win. Wow, how do you like that? Just fine. A thousand tiles? Nightmind must be going. Wow. That goes about seeing. Especially in a recent event. Fuck that. Thinking my way through the crowd walking fast, racing gas, a bathroom bow. Oh, I see some difficulties with this one. Could be a friend. The interesting part of this is you know this is how carefully we're listening to everything now. For people who are just casual listening to that, but to even some people in the audience are like hanging on every word now. And look at what a great favor we're doing for a deaf and clearance for those two twits. By starting at the beginning, go right down the list. Which we can do over a period of time. We can figure out who's big naughty and who's a head. It's palms away. I don't think that's. He made a bit talk about it. But I don't think so. I mean, I think if that point is a good point to just. A wild night. Yeah. How long can it be with all the exporters taking on? What you have in those? Okay. Oh, that didn't want to do long good. Wow. A bomb is flying. North Korea is gonna build up arms. They laugh at us this day. What is it? It's safe. Bring the U and the long. That's the way it goes. embargo's lived as plutonians slips right underneath our nose. Head bombs fly. Head bombs fly. Spoken drink has wrong on the die. Jimmy Carter party was using his head. Bummer the guy he went to talk to now is dead. A life clear. That's what you get for eating peanuts and drinking Billy beer. Head bombs fly. Head bombs fly. Spoken drink has wrong on the die. Get it here for abuse because we all are gonna die. That's a good word. Were you dumb enough to think? One day we'd all become allies. Wow. I like it. One 13 at five 60 this also gives us a little bit of variety stuff that we probably haven't played in a very long time stuff like that right? Right. One 13 a QAM if you're a speaking and good at die if you want to really hasten that just keep eating like a pig and be real fat. You'll die real soon. But if you'd like to lose some of that way if you'd like to stick around for a while why not try balance for life if you try all the other diets and all the other fads and the gimmicks and you're still a big as a tub. This could be what you're looking for. Balance for life is the premier meal delivery service it's based on Dr. Barry Sears, the zone diet I think he's kind of Jay Sears and the Brian Sears. Bringing you right to your door a little black sack every day with three delicious meals and two great snacks every day right like I said to your doorstep. Everything is fresh and delicious nothing frozen no chemicals no added if just great goodies with all that food how can you possibly say really unadded. So try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet don't settle for imitation just imagine there's no calorie counting no carb counting not even any shopping or cooking or cleaning. People are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life. The zone diet's been proven to lower your blood sugar high cholesterol and your blood pressure too and now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet here's your chance. And you could do it by the way without reading that book. Balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company that offers you many choices to let you go from phase one to phase three of the South Beach diet that's somebody else read it to you. So feel the different seed of great results on the scale like almost right away and start like we're in some real human clothing and extend your life please call tool free today 1 866 2 2 5 45 43 that's 866 2 2 5 45 43 or for more info check it online at balanceforlife.com I had you ever had an alien anal probe you've been impregnated by a creature from a far off galaxy. But the only thing you took away from the experience was a strange rash and that chip that's still in your brain. Well, I'd like to pick up a nice lump of cash the next time an intergalactic traveler decides to pick you up. Well now you can with a reduction insurance you've heard the crazy farmers in low-rend white trash talk about it. So you know it's true alien abductions do happen and now for the first time in the history of mankind you can actually benefit from your next abduction just pass a little bit each month and the next time you take a little trip come back to earth and show us that chip in your head for the rod in your ass and the claim is as good as yours abduction insurance sign up today and get free as a bonus a meteorite proven brello just in case. All right now that one past a monster. Perfect one. Yeah, barely. I bet you're pardon. Oh, well if you fall asleep in the night. 877 votes on a poll today which of these people would you like most to see go to jail do some hard time and you will write rush is pulling ahead of the pack. I'll have a couple more rush. Oh boy. Rush Limbaugh 248. How sweet that would be. Kenny late 235 Michael Jackson, Miss Jackson got to 01. Martha Stewart 55, Jason Williams 51, Kobe Bryant 36, Bobby Blake 21, Robert Novak 14, Phil Spectorate, Todd Bertuzy 6, and Maria Melofin just went on her she's got two out of 877. Stroder asked in the old slamer. As we continue, we're unweighten for Richard Clark. Right, one third fact they must be a racist right. They must be in several lunches. I think 130 they're coming back. They're talking about the Kobe Bryant case. How's Kobe doing on a thing? I didn't even remember reading his name. Kobe Bryant 37 had like in the middle of the pack. Anyway, what kind of baggage will you be checking on today, sir? Well I have this case with a pair of abandonment. I carry on with some paranoia and this double bag stuffed with homosexual tendencies. Welcome to abnormal airways. Stay on our flight will be cruising at a very comfortable altitude of 55 feet. That's due to my extreme fear of heights. If you look out our right window now, you'll be able to see the right wings, searing off pre-toppsness we travel along at our cruising altitude to the flight. The airline who staff and clientele are chock-full of problems. In case of a water landing, I'll begin to hyperventilate at which point a panic attack will set in and out again grasping dangerously for the neck of a person nearest me at that time. See Kush is maybe used as a fence mechanisms. But I will then probably try to strangle you with the cord of a breathing tube that drops your mobile head. Why abnormal airways? I met my wife on this flight last week. Last week, huh? Yeah, she's dead now though. And experience, the mental skies. Now see that's clean this can be right? You'll notice I did skip over a couple of minutes. There one was um, good parman and yeah, uh, holes and the other was Aaron Sork and Arrayman. I don't even remember who Aaron Sork and was. Do you know? So a lot of other. Now this one I think is going to end very quickly. Oh, he was that, um, that producer that got busted for cocaine. Friends, parents, maybe I'll play it. We take you now. Onside a Los Angeles County Corver, via Hidden Microphone. All right. The honorable judge, Harold T. Del Bosch, presiding Lord, we suited this season. This is case number seven six four three eight. The people versus Aaron Sorkin. The guy who did West Wing and sports night, which is an honor anymore. All right. Mr. Soak and you a charge with possession of rock cocaine. Poses, action of psychedelic mushrooms. Ours, action of marijuana. How do you please sir? Not guilty, your Jason is. I beg your pardon. You had psychedelic mushrooms. Why is it me? You had rock cocaine. No, that wasn't me. You had there a war not. No, wasn't me. They founded in your log-in. What is it me? You passed out when they caught you. It wasn't me. Oh, right then. I like West Wing and sports night was very underrated. Great cast. Everybody say $10,000 bail. Next cast. That's not bad. You know, I'm bad at all. Okay. See two things I'm discovering. I've put a million times I never exaggerate. Right. So instead of saying, oh, we got 90% of the stuff we can't play anymore. I don't know. Maybe it's only about 60 or 70%. Right. Now this one for example. A lot more to eat you blow up in a washing play and Dave. What do you think? I don't have it memorized, but I would have to try it. Let's see if we can get it. Oh, no, we can't. We can't. Cannot. No, listen to it through the break and then come back in. You'll know. Okay, now what about the abortion pill? I don't remember. Oh. You know, the word is not a real option. Everybody's taking a brand of pill now. No more baby. Take a pill abortion. If there's something inside of making you ill now. No more babies. Take a pill abortion. No, not the business. It's who we did to do. You just want one of these if the stick turn blue. So come on come on. Take a pill abortion by me. All right. That's cute. That's fine. But now we get to the abortion shuffle. How long is this going to be? I'd like to separate. Another abortion and I think that's a story. One of my favorites of course. What I shame for Anna Maria. We won't be here in that no more. At least until until things are calm down. Till it's all blows over. Now abortion and feces we can play that because that's a speech. Right? Right. That's you're making a speech. A Christian. No, no, get out of it. She is the law of the field on a quick. Everybody. Whose for abortion was at one time themselves at the feet. So and that's enclosed all of you out there. You were one to the feet. So we thank you Mr. President and now dinner will be served. Okay. That's precious. I'm pleaded in a long time. Now what about a scinto? That's gotta be okay. Would you think? But my name is Paxenthal and the number one question I give from many is I think so. How do you get so many women? And the number one question from women I get is Excellenthal. How did you get in my pants so quickly? We are the answer to both questions. He's in the accent. We mean love. I mean with a nice strong vaccine. It's true. As documented fact, he said way more puning than me. Look like I said. Well, there goes that. That's you're to that. I uh we both don't on the list but still. No, no, not even not even close. Sure. That uh it would not even close. Access Barney. Access Hollywood has obtained a tape of Barney the dinosaur and his agent discussing his new movie deal. Listen, boy, that's real work. The big plane of white blood. I knew that. That's the mission. I should be playing the keywax for Christy. Funny baby and in the trunning until we come to come to the fire. Yeah, you better give me like I said. We were going along. Okay, I wasn't quite satisfied with that last playthrough. The first one was fine and then you know, Susan St. there you go. Well, this is the buttons get to work out. I'll tell you that. So like I said, maybe about 85 percent don't don't get uh don't get too enthusiastic. Okay, let's do the break and then when we come back maybe just maybe in a couple of minutes we'll have a Richard Clark there testifying and about to be petal but then I'll say oh you see he's a turntoy he's a bad guy he's an evil doer. The Hoover optimal mine. I'm pretty too 28 till 25 so you can get them to come back in from lunch break on the committee hearing. Not exciting. I'm thrilled but I don't see Richard Clark there yet. All of somebody I see somebody in the doorway. I think it's Richard Clark's cousin from Greece. Yeah, you want one of those hats? He's more of a funny red berets with a red palm palm on it. And I think Richard Clark is going to say yeah I knew him. I used to work with his father the Alibar business. I didn't know that. God, Father. Oh, it could happen you never know. Is that what you've Clark sitting down there and it sure looks like him to me. It looks like that bald peat. Sandy Burger. Yeah, we don't want to hear this to see it in a goofball on here. Let's open up there we go. Shut this guy up. Shut them off. The contrary to what he is on official settles. You don't know you. Commission. He does believe the Clinton administration gave the CIA authority to go after something and lawden it. Okay, he's burned him and I said it's been a great thing. Look at that thing. You're looking at the Simon Calhane. Thank you very much. Here we go. It's a clock here written remarks. We'll be at him to the record in full. We'd ask you sort of the summarized statement and please proceed. Thank you Mr. Charlie. Because I have submitted a written statement today and I've previously testified before this Commission for 15 hours and before the Senate House Joint Inquiry Committee for six hours I have only a very brief opening statement. I welcome these hearings because of the opportunity that they provide to the American people to better understand why the tragedy of 911 happened and what we must do to prevent a reoccurrence. I also welcome the hearings because it is finally a forum where I can apologize to the loved ones of the victims of 911. To them who are here in the room to those who are watching on television your government failed you. Those interested with protecting you, failed you and I failed you. We tried hard but that doesn't matter because we failed. And for that failure I would ask once all the facts are out for your understanding and figure forgiveness. That Mr. Chairman I'll be glad to take your questions. Questioning will be led by Senator Gordon. He leading off a goes to aroma. Commissioner aroma. Thank you Mr. Chairman. Welcome Mr. Clark. I want to thank you as I start my questions for your 30 years of public service to the American people. I want to thank you for your sworn testimony before the 911 Commission over 15 hours and I really want to say Mr. Clark that there are a lot of distractions out there today. The books but a news media, a lot of accusations flying back and forth, I want you to concentrate to the degree you can on the memos on the email on the strategy papers and on the time that were tasked with looking at on the 911 Commission between 1998 and September 11th. You coordinated counterterrorism policy in both the Clinton and the Bush administrations. I want to know first of all was fighting Al Qaeda, a top priority for the Clinton administration from 1998 to the year 2001. How high of priority was it in that Clinton administration during that time period? My impression was that fighting terrorism in general and fighting Al Qaeda in particular were an extraordinarily high priority in the Clinton administration. Certainly no higher priority. There were priorities probably of equal important such as the Middle East peace process but I certainly don't know of one that was any higher in the priority of that administration. With respect to the Bush administration from the time they took office until September 11th, 2001, you had a much to deal with Russia China at G8, at least how high of priority was fighting Al Qaeda in the Bush administration? I believe the Bush administration in the first eight months considered terrorism an important issue but not an urgent issue. They, well President Bush himself says as much in the interview with Bob Woodward and the book Bush had more. He said I didn't feel a sense of urgency. George Tennant and I tried very hard to create a sense of urgency by seeing to it that intelligence reports on the Al Qaeda threat were frequently given to the President and other high-level officials and there was a process underway to address Al Qaeda but although I continued to say it was an urgent problem I don't think it was ever treated that way. Now you have said in many ways you've issued some blistering attacks on the Bush administration but you have not held those criticisms from the Clinton administration either. We heard from Mr. Burger earlier that you were critical of the Clinton administration on two areas not providing aid to the Northern Alliance and not going after the human conveyor belts of Giotta's coming out of the sanctuary as an Afghanistan. Are there more in the Clinton administration years? The USS called the response there? Well I think first of all Mr. Burger is right to say that almost everything I ever asked for in the way of support from him or from President Clinton I got. We did enormously increase the counterterrorism budget of the federal government initiated many programs including what is now called Homeland Security. Mr. Burger is also right to note that I wanted a covert action program to aid Afghan factions to fight the Taliban and that was not accomplished. He's also right to note that on several occasions including after the attack on the coal I suggested that we bomb all of the Taliban and Al Qaeda infrastructure whether or not it would succeed in killing bin Laden. I thought that was the wrong way of looking at the problem. You know I think the answer is essentially Mr. Burger got it right. Okay. Let's move into with my 15 minutes let's move into the Bush administration on January the 25th we've seen a memo that you've written to Dr. Rice urgently asking for a principal's review of Al Qaeda. You include helping the Northern Alliance covert aid significant new O2 budget authority to help fight Al Qaeda and response to the USS coal you attached to this document both the the Linda plan of 1998 and a strategy paper from December 2000. Do you get a response to this urgent request for a principal's meeting on these and how does this affect your timeframe for dealing with these important issues? I did get a response the response was that in the Bush administration I should in my committee the counterterrorism security group should report to the deputies committee which is a sub-capital level committee and not to the principal's and that therefore was inappropriate for me to be asking for a principal's meeting instead there would be a deputies meeting. So does this slow the process down to go to the deputies rather than to the principal's or small group as you previously done? It's slow that done enormously by months first of all the deputies committee didn't meet urgently in January or February. Then when the deputies committee did meet it took the issue of Al Qaeda as part of a cluster of policy issues including nuclear proliferation in South Asia, the democratization in Pakistan, how to treat the problems, the various problems including our colleagues and other problems in Afghanistan. We got to do the break in we'll come right back 19 go to a 560 QAM. We're sports radio 560 QAM. They were done. They were done after September 11th. They were all done. I didn't really understand why they couldn't have been done in February. Well let's say Mr Clark I think this is a fair question let's say that you asked to brief the president of the United States on counterterrorism. Did you ask that? I asked for a series of briefings on the issues in my portfolio including counterterrorism and cyber security. Did you get that request? I did. I was given a briefing opportunity to brief on cyber security. In June I was told I could brief the president on terrorism after this policy development process was complete and we had the principles meeting and the draft national security policy decision that had been approved by the Deputy Committee. Let's say Mr Clark is gifted as you might be in eloquence and silver tongue as any mud could be. And let's say let's imagine that instead of saying no you asked for this briefing to the president you said you didn't get it after eight months of talking let's say you get this briefing in February after your memo to doctor rights on September 25th and you meet with the president of the United States in February and you brief them on terrorism tell me how you convince the president to move forward on this and get this principles meeting that doesn't take place until September the fourth moved up so that you can do something about this problem. Well I think the best thing to have done if they had been a meeting with the president in February was to show him the accumulated intelligence that al Qaeda was strong and was planning attacks against the United States against friendly governments. It was possible to make a very persuasive case that this was a major threat and this was an urgent problem. And you think this would have sped up the deputy's process and the principles process. Do you think the president would have reached down then and said something to the national security team to I don't know. But I this what what what what what what you worked for president Clinton you you you saw what meetings with presidents could do there. Is this a magical solution or is it something that presidents might say right back to you listen dick I've got many other things I've got to do here in the Middle East peace process Bosnia Cosavo the Korean Peninsula how likely is it that we are able to see some kind of result from a meeting like that. I think it depends in part on the president. President Bush was regularly told by the director of Central Intelligence that there was an urgent threat. On one occasion he was told this dozens of times in the morning briefings the George Tenant gave him. On one of those occasions he asked for a strategy and to deal with the threat. Condy Rice came back from that meeting called me and relayed what the president had requested. And I said well you know we've had this strategy ready since before you are inaugurated I showed it to you you have the paperwork we can have a meeting on the strategy anytime you want. She said she would look into it. It didn't look into it and the president asking for it did not change the pace at which it was considered. As far as I know the president never asked again at least I was never informed of the asked again. I do know he was there after continually informed about the threat by George Tenant. Let me ask you with my yellow light on a question about the summer of 2000 alert. You were saying the CIA was saying everybody was saying something spectacular is about to happen. Spiking and intelligence something terrible is about to happen. You've told us in some of our interviews you only wish you would have known at that time and that summer what the FBI knew with regard to Masawi, Phoenix memo and terrorists in the United States what could you have done with some of that information with these spike alerts with the spectacular attack on their horizon in the summer of 2001. A Congressman is very easy in retrospect to say that I would have done that and we'll ever know. I would like to have think that I would like to think that had I been informed by the FBI that two senior al-Qaeda operatives who had been in a planning meeting earlier in Kuala on board were now in the United States and we knew that and we knew their names and I think we even had their pictures. I would like to think that I would have released the word of the FBI release a press release with their names with their descriptions held a press conference try to get their names and pictures on the front page of every paper. America's most wanted the evening news and caused a successful nation wide man hot for those two of the 19 hijackers but I don't know because you're asking me a hypothetical and I have the benefit now 2020 hindsight. Thank you Mr. Clark Mr. Chairman thank you for the patience on the time. Okay thank you Sarah. Senator Gordon. Mr. Clark, if you got the position as the head of this counterterrorism and security group the CSG went and about that may have 1998 is that correct? No, Senator actually I got it in the first bushy administration in the fall of 1992 but it got the level of being up there at the White House and being a very important position in 1998. What happened in 1998? Let me go back. Well the counterterrorism security group the CSG. That bushy! That bushy! The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him. First time a gresser nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea and the nook they're told to never right wing is drilling it over and over into our head that it racked as some weapons of past construction. 3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Eight there's oil to be knotted going after sedan to play Kato's summer there's no longer mention of the name in Latin but no it's even concerned all of the incomplete places believe in every word of this cartelist administration that controls us by fear through needy a manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads that I racked as some weapons of past construction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide table partners all are saying I know beauty and cattle don't have any reservations about a provoked Babylon world annihilation over seems must fall in haliburton itself with no objection at all till the crackstone of the fall has a right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade wash pants I racked as some weapons of past construction only I racked as some weapons of past destruction. We just have a bottom here that's all working on it. Well that's you know look how your personal at home when we find it. I can sit too bad we couldn't hear the whole thing the only problem is that the public hearing tend to be like a political dog and pony show you know I don't want to hand let's make bush look really bad on the other hand let's make them look real good in cover as an so what can I say but at least he's six by his guns I would go on by the block if I were you I did yesterday for the day before against all enemies by Richard Clark I would do it you could have somebody maybe have somebody read it to you some of you folks out there which of these people would you most like see to go to jail rush limba you're right two ninety six Kenny lay two fifty seven Michael Jackson two twenty six Martha Stewart sixty Jason Williams fifty four Kobe Bryant thirty seven Bobby Blake twenty three Bobby Novak eighteen Mary of elephant eleven she's moving on up feel specter ten convertousie small potatoes he's only got a bye bye well that's the way it up to be in Augusta