People are is dumb and they want to get you a kiss. Okay, I'm ready to play that because I don't for whatever reason. Yeah. I didn't know what to have. That's right because we have that press conference at 11 o'clock. I know I saw Jesus in the home of the Lord. I saw him home. I'm up to the street to see the people I've come back. Over there, think of us. And if we get there tomorrow, we'll die. So think, say, pray, but we'll think of our home. I saw him in my shaving green, so I left him home. I have faith in him. And I went to work. I looked like a church and I was fired in the street. I was in home. I was all alone. I think of someone's way of trick, so I made. But in the rear, new and spare, I could see Jesus. And spare is back at me. I was right. Jesus, I saw Jesus. Oh my God. Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. I saw him in my home. I've got to see him. Are you sure? Oh, my friends. They have mercy. And everything. Oh, I saw him in my home. So think, say, oh, Jesus. Oh, Lord. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Oh, my friend. I saw him home. I saw the God, the way that I looked at him. I saw him in, I told him. I told him. I told him. He said, if Jesus is my God. I'm here. I saw him. I saw him. I saw him. I saw him. I'm going to the house. You can go to the very beginning. Keep this keep popping off your arms. That's like a bad dream. This is like a bad penny. So anyway speaking of dead things, the long-term error is dead and yes you're air mama far. They're both dead. That's what they have in common. So we have the press conference coming up at 11 o'clock or there are both. I guess I better turn on a win-win in it. As in his 40s, don't know exactly when this happened. Or when they were seeing the call. But I'm not really going to care. Not that we want to be insensitive. But it's no interest to us, Red Go. Okay, we got bigger fish to fry, alright? Some of you have better turn on the sports network TSN and the standback for that press conference come up at 11 o'clock or there are both with they wants to add. And the reason I was unprepared there is because again, see, if they're going to like in there, show it about 1046 every day, they will be fine. Right? Right, if we do. But at least give us some consistency instead of 1021 23, 1055 1115. Give us a little bit of consistency. Now for example, now I have to ask Josh, what are we doing to break tonight? Yeah, we're doing to break. Like, run right now and surprise me at all here on W2AM. Where it's 18. 18 people are 11. And we will carry that day once that press conference, the firing, I mean the resignation day once that. The firing, I mean the right, how come I keep saying that? firing firing? Huh? Yeah. He's going to be like, keep saying that. He resigned. He's going to resign. firing. Yeah. Hey, very expecting guest is Thanksgiving. It's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Sure. So make sure you're guessing this is comfortably as you do by calling our good friends at dial a mattress. 1,800 mattress. Whether they plan weeks in a fancy dish or off without warning, knocking on your door. Just like in that movie, was it movie where he can knock it on the door? Robert DeNuro? Hmm. For Thanksgiving. Yeah. Whether they plan weeks in advance or just show up without warning, you can get them just a white mattress on the very same day. And I was out for cheating on that Robert DeNuro. There he showed up for, huh? Cityportia. No. It was out for cheating. Now when you call 1,800 mattress, you'll say that in addition, in fact it was the movie where he kept saying, Oh, it was a vegetable woman. Is that the one? Yes. No. Now when you call 1,800 mattress, you'll say that in addition, 20% of select models while supplies last. That's right. You heard me writing Tuesdays from Seely. He served a Simmons King Quill. Stearns in charge to you and pepper peat. When you call 1,800 mattress, you'll get sandwich delivery. And you picked an eight in time for delivery to figure schedule too. Any two hours when you're going to be home, it's convenient for you. And dollar mattress ought to be mighty proud and they are of their on time. Record 99.7% of the time, which is why they're ranked number one in customer satisfaction. It will win as a day, 2004 bit of business bureau local torture of excellence award. If you've got a half of brains that are sluck in your bedding and department stores wasting a lot of time, gas and money, you'll do the same thing I've been doing for years. Make that one easy call. Before those guests arrived, pick up that phone and call 1-800 mattress right now, or log under their website, mattress.com. Now, I'm at this. The easiest, the smartest way to get your great nice sleep for years to come. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S. And now, we're gonna show you around your mornings and we get to four doors on the floor to five seats with you again. Then, show how many hours of hunger is over this performance by the golfing. That's beautiful. It's a good show. Awesome, Robert. You're going away. That orange jumpsuit. Going on the show, great. You're not like getting through the nose from the floor. You're gonna give yourself a home and take a walk. Mark, are you got a number? They're gonna lock your door. Mark, are you crazy? Don't go. Five, five, one, seven, zero, zero, five, four. Five, five, four, seven, zero, five, four. Five, five, four, seven, zero, five, four. Fuck, you're in the middle. Five, four, seven, zero, five, four. You're not the mother. It's such a big shame. Five, five, four, ten, zero, five, four. So when you're on the floor, is it worth one by your life? Five, five, seven, zero, zero, five, four, five, four, seven, zero, zero, zero. You know, we're not really an adventurer group, but it's just interesting. So we'll be interesting. Other for the fact that I have read all of this on your yesterday. So maybe Keith Olderman had the last nine MSNVC. I'm sure that about four people life, but the fact is, we talk about all that yesterday about the anomalies and the Democratic precincts in Florida. Remember that, Josh? Right, we did. Yeah, we talked about all these things about Ohio and about all this other stuff in the lesson was rigged and it was fixed and we can keep talking about that forever. Is it going to change anything? No, no. Is anybody going to do anything about it? No. Is America really going to give a fine crap about it? No, no. Because we got the United States of Canada and Jesus Land, baby, that's the way it ought to be. So, airfired is dead, even though CNN's not telling you, then of course, I can't be watching CNN right now because I'm over on CSN. The sports network, which is now owned by ESPN, so I'm assuming, in fact, I would make great life on it and I would even throw into water amounts, too, for bonus. And I'd even put Jerry Sironer in a package, too. I'd even like that for a nice package. I'll bet all their lives on it, that 11 o'clock, they'll be flipping right over there, do what the Dave wants that air-ending. The bed press conference should be very dramatic, I guess, because when I'm pins and needles to see if Dave is going to get fired, I mean, resign. Are you on top? All right, you're on pins and needles waiting to see what the big announcement's going to be even though it's in both papers this morning, and it's all over the website, and everybody knows it's a faded company, and that way in total of my site involved from style you're fired at a digit. This is just a special skill in it. Right, wait, I didn't really tell them that like right now, you can hang around to the end of the season because you screwed it up in the season's lost anyway, but at the end of the season you're going to be fired at a digit, or you can stick it by now. And once that said, goodbye, and that was that. So I'd love to clock with you up his anti-farmactic care, and why we're carrying it, I have no idea, but we're not complaining, please secure it as opposed to it. Please, let us get it. Because the way this station is up right now, the less time that we have to be on here, the happier we are, you know, it's just a lot of those things. I mean, any excuse is somebody farted like a very strange flavor, an investigating, we're going to wrap for 20 minutes, segment on that. Any excuse to like, little with his showman, that's what's all about, that's what's at. I think it's time for them to really start getting serious, you know what? That's what I'm thinking. Oh, but we do have some appointments or calls though, we could squeeze a couple of minutes, all right? Sure. One or two or three or four? WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Good to see you today. It's a read-a, it was an article in time. Happy New Year. It was an article in time called the Jesus and the FDA. No. Did you read that, Amit? No. Look at it now. He's going to appoint Bush as a doctor who wrote a book called as Jesus' care for women. We're going to go to women then and now. Uh-huh. This guy he wanted to give birth control to an unmarried women. Right. And he's going to put on a panel of women's health policy. Well, if you're ready to be in Jesus' name, you're going to have a Jesus' guy, he's a doctor, man, to be in the FDA. No. It makes sense. There's everybody else. Okay. See you in the blue states, pal. And if you're, see one thing I was just telling the George before the show, they're going to ship 20 of flu vaccine out. Different kinds, different brands to the red states and different kinds of the blue state. And if you take the flu vaccine in the red states, you won't be ready, but you'll be like in the pink, as they say. You know, that's the first thing. But if you're in the blue states, you'll be like turning blue. Right. More, though. That kind of thing. More, they say in the, huh? Like, like, air effect, he said, you heard it here first. The story came over to why is it 96 this morning and even now it's almost 11 o'clock in the east and see it in the story reporting. But it would, but about, and, you know, I'll read it to you. I guess I see a little bit of a strong off today because we're nearly we start to show official 11 o'clock. And today we came to any of our business and to like to this stupid ass press conference is done with Suzanne Clay Clement. And we don't even have anybody over there. I said the George before the show, I said, well, who am I going to be showing this to at 11 o'clock? Like, we used to do back in the day when we were like, maybe a real sports station for 20 hours a day. Uh, well, we're just going to like, pick it up. In other words, we'll just like, I'll sit here and watch it. And then, as soon as I see, starting to move his mouth or something, his looks moving, then we'll go to it. And so, of course, that, and somebody over there, like a sports reporter type, like the big, you know, who's really, rock solid or crap like this or the beast or somebody. Right. Is that the way you do it on a real sports station? I wouldn't, what's this all about? No, we're not going to have anybody there. And then what are we doing at ends? How do we know when we're dumping out of it? What if they're done? When they're completely done. Let me tell you, we don't want you to be. So, you don't fancy long-suffering, um, uh, doll fans. You deserve to hear every word of this because then we've been relishing this day. You've been relishing it. Oh, sorry Teresa. Teresa Heinz gets upset. She dropped the carry by the way. He just going back to Teresa Heinz. I'm sure very soon. Palestine, in prison, this is from, uh, your favorite website, capital,辛 commonSL10 Dark andraumatic self in family affairs forsaken. Boys, all right, Maria, please don't stop saying that. Alright. He actually kicked up a new medicina at least got a hold. He's shaven to protect this personally. But is it a total excuse to give a? Reverse track mode always gets mad, but it's like there's some other advice, if you do. You're a meme, you don't have funs me like that sure. And I think they've been fighting for so long and couldn't get followed over. You move into a cable challenge. Okay. Second thing. And so it is easier for you to have some sex with the Fredrick van. One thing. where Errorfard has been lying in a coma to French hospital. Officials in the West Bank said they'd not been informed that Errorfard was dead. So everybody, I guess they don't want to get burned again. This would've likely been a last week, but it would've been okay. He's done all the same. He's not dead. He's still breathing the son of a bitch. How do you like that? And then this broad who is his wife. Oh my God. You stop and think about that, okay? Think about that. No, no, thank you. Oh my goodness, okay. This quavering, quavering nasty, smelly old creature. And she's married to him, which, of course, the implication is that maybe they didn't actually did something once upon a time. Ooh, what a grotesque thought that is. So I guess I don't know, because these press conferences have always starting late. In other words, it'll have a clock. I'm sure that now you watch an ESPN? Oh, yeah. Yeah. You wouldn't even order a fine ESPN, okay, will you, idiot? Well, seriously, because I'm a positive that TSM is going to carry this. I'm pretty sure, I would say I'm not very good at it. I'm pretty for saying, sure, they're going to have it on there. But it's going to be kind of difficult to do without a little bit of an assistance here. This is very poorly conceived, you can buy a middle-level management people. A couple of idiots who want to have somebody over there like you've said. Yeah, a little blow by blow, a little runoff. Just because they have microphones in a podium sitting there and all the people in the media are ready with the cameras and microphones. Doesn't mean the press conference is going to start. Don't have to pull it. The winner is the playing way. I don't care about hockey, okay, if we're good about hockey, hockey is dead. By the way, don't pay anybody for any pants and tickets and don't, uh, guilty. Hey, tonight's an Asian giveaway. This guy, I predict we'll never broadcast a pants again. That's my prediction. For that I don't think they'll ever play another game. Because this whole season is, uh, you can just about pay anybody. And Jerry Bumman's life on it. This whole season is down the toilet. And as we saw the bat, uh, a lot of it going to be a few franchises. It just aren't going to make it. By the time they ever start up again, it wouldn't if that happens. 10. 55 and 5. 60 WQ and we got the end of the one-step era coming. It was just a few moments, baby. We'll have it right here for you. We're going to cover it like a blanket. You know, IRS tax problems have got a way of ruining every aspect of your life. They take it till on you financially. And emotionally, you can ever really forget about the IRS hovering over your ass. And of course those, uh, those chilling memories come back every morning when you wake up. CPHG and you buck wall to the buck wall tax for me helping your IRS problems forever and giving you back some peace of mind too. That's why other types of CPH and law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they have problems with the old IRS. Line out of oil potential criminal prosecution. Get all of your un-fab tax returns prepared. Even if you lost all of your records, for example, maybe have an IRS lien. A wage-levy, old payroll taxes and penalties. Maybe like the settle of course with thousands less than you owe. Needs in time to pay whatever your problem is. The buck wall tax firm can help. They offer free initial consultation, affordable and guaranteed peace and immediate if not soonerally from IRS harassment. At vestiblog, you don't even have to go to those meetings with the IRS because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions. You don't have to get involved at all. Call today, 954, 575, 2800, nothing lose the dead dark cloud hanging over your head. 954, 575, 2800 with the old 10,000 or a million or somewhere between an IRS taxes. The buck wall tax firm can help you out. Call them today for that free consultation or visit them on the wicket web at irrestreeton.com and stop fretting about the IRS knocking at the door or just knocking at the resumption right in. 954, 575, 2800. 954, 575, 2800 with the old 10,000 or a million. So I'm a two-knit there already six American soldiers dead in the first 24 hours of operation for the Luger Bloodbath and I'm a two-knit and not yet. Six Americans already and they just only just begun and of course that's against the almost invisible enemy because pretty much everybody's bailed out of a Luger. You know, when you kind of announce weeks ahead of time that as soon as you mark elections are safely stolen, they're going to be invading a Luger going under liberate and decampitate everybody pretty much bills. That's right. Remember Jackie Bales? That's what I did. So I'm looking at TSN right now. I don't see any podium. I'm watched also sports now. I turned every place to like an imagine whether like a bunch of jacks and fiors and I'm going to hear what you're seeing anything about they want to do. We do it with more. We're talking about the hockey hall of fame last night. In fact, Raymond Bork and Larry Murphy and Soots Lutcher and who was the other one, some of the group Paul got inducted the hockey hall of fame last night. I forget who the fourth one was, and I'm embarrassed by that. Three blue chip blue liners. Oh Paul Coffee, well easy for me. Sorry you're watching ESPN? No, watching Channel 6. Are they carrying it? They will be yes. What do you mean they will be? It's 1102 right now. See here's another example of the kind of brilliant set goes into programming this video station. Stand by for when you're going to start to show this morning whenever Howard Bales out which you know we kind of got a little bit short on that. And now stand by for the other clock press conference which we don't have anybody to go there to to talk and fill in the time but just kind of keep an eye on it. You know keep your eye on it like Sammy Davis Jr. You know Joe Rose over there. So Rose is there but he's not there for us. See if the show Rose will still like UAM. Uh-huh. Instead of a lame duck show besides Joe Rose on their little dog we'd have had a big summer book. We'd have a guy over there who would be talking right now when it was with a solid warm today. You're gonna act nice. That was funny Lee Church going to wear it. there's a lot of time with this crap which I already saw this last night about the hockey all the fame and the investments of these four people. Wait, nobody in the air, but it's a bit of a thought. Oh, Casey, have left me between a rock and a hard place now. Oh, again? Well, yeah, because nobody was paying any attention because obviously, round orders to shut me off, they show their hot off. Screanates are coming off from in there. So, right, now I couldn't hear anything, which was really frustrating because once 80 Jones started talking about Mr. H. to this and Mr. H. Mr. H. Mr. H. And I'm screaming in yelling and like, what the hell come I can't hear nothing and find that I heard something. Well, how about that? Wow. So we got like preempted in the attendance and 40 hour as you hear my hard, which is okay with us for use today. And now we got preempted from 1130 to 1133 again. What can we put on now? That would be good. But the way we came back, see, I would like to have had a little bit of inputters to the way we handled because if we had to cut it off at 1126, we could have come back to me. I could have done that. We could have gotten the last pull break. In fact, some of the spots you just played, I have no idea of the last one where those came from or what they are, but not for me to ask. I said, it's not for me to say. That's kind of, did stuff. Well, but how am I supposed to know that? We didn't know, nobody knew. What do you mean they just kind of did stuff? What the was that? Control back in the control room and then they did some things and then they didn't. What does that have to do with the spots? Well, they find these spots on the, who subsidized this radio station and paying armoured to advertise on this radio on his show. Yeah, they took some of the spots from the show to come back with. Why? Yeah, they played a break in other words. You have a dude, they're not dispatched that I have on my long. That's what I'm trying to tell you, sorry, live on. We're doing little programming on the radio station. I'm sure Mr. H wouldn't mind. And I hear a deal that I've been a lot more. But then last half, I would have been much more entertaining if they wouldn't have shot me off. I knew they shot me off. Of course. But I was thrown things in like, yeah, no, no, no, we had to put nobody heard that because God forbid we should alien and Mr. H and then often organization because this is very serious stuff, you know? And he's a fine man, very community. No, he's not. Well, that's what they were saying. Now, what does this thing, got Norman Vachis going to be the interim coaches. How they said? And his mother. When were you in the spot for his motel? Who the hell are they kidding? And all of a sudden, it's always the same crap every time all these coaches goes under. It's always the same and he's the finest gentleman. And he did this and he's, you know, he stomped a joint out of, he had to go. And Mr. H didn't want to be part of this, and Mr. H, seriously, any Jones man, he must have a tongue out of his ankles, you know what? God, what a buck is here. Oh, that's right. That wouldn't be good to say. Right. But he is. Man, oh man, why couldn't he just say Wayne? Does it mean we're pretty him as Wayne? Wayne, why are you saying, yeah? Let's see the local people in the old Mr. H routine. Let me do a spot for you. Like, is that I'm lost, man? I need a compass in a road map. I feel like when they let's not for outmared the desert without a compass in a map. Remember, they? What was that? Try and hit a hook up. If you want to do the, the, the light spot, that's exactly what I, I haven't my hand right now. Okay, what do I do in there? And the spot to it. And then you're not going to play more spots to are you? No, you can if you want to. If we can just do spots still to a clock. What do you say? All right. I mean, this really was such a piece of cake so simple, but again, it's usual because they just don't know how to do things right. Well, that's a kind of a, because he's going to play a lot of grotesque sounds on it. We wouldn't play any forest we can't play those. I'm over that great press conference with a path to his where builturry came on and fired the Murray brothers. That was exciting. At least they let me get some of that stuff on the air that day. That was fun. But now this is deadly serious man. And we certainly don't want to have Neil Rogers on there messing up because then very jackass or write some kind of a column. Birkin WQA, him has been an adult in flagship station. Which of me may not be in the future since they're already were pissed off about Howard Vena. But that's kind of a lemiss used anyway because Howard's not going to be on much longer anyway. No, the 14 months are until maybe serious buys up and said it to the contract. Which could be any day now from what I'm here. But anyway. 24 till noon. Boy this is a mess today and on. Didn't have to be. Didn't have to be. It's so much better what it is. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah. Oh, look at that. This makes you get all Terry Murray on CNN. His is my second power incredible or what? Terry Murray. Did I just talk about the Murray boy? They're Brian and Terry Murray. Wow. Wow. And CNN still hasn't decided that air fart is dead. They want to hear for themselves. They want to put their ears. They're a status quo right up to his heart and hear like. Here like if there's like any last ruining or morning or fees. They're like Bob Prince would say, kiss him goodbye. If you want to know more about fun. Are you going to do some spots here? Yeah, though. We'll have to take all freedom. Yeah, we'll be out here. Yeah. So what's wrong with that? Okay. Hey, listen to people that don't keep a flying crap about they want to get it to the dolphins. Those people are like they're gone anyway. You know, they're busy someplace else. They'll eventually come drift and back in. Here it is. It's like 11.37. We haven't even officially started this show yet. This is almost as good as a Marlon's game only before the show and said like after the ass end. This is good. That practice makes perfect. Let's do this a lot. Let's have a press conference tomorrow to announce that there can be no panther season. Huh? And the guilty. I'm going to be. Hey, if you want to know more about following a low carb diet if you're fat and if you've done over there because that fat is choking your ass. Here's a great story. You're going to love it. It's called the lights away. Stoke. Whether you're starting or restarting the ad. The sugarbusters, the South Beach or any low carb sugar free diet. The lights of West Focus always been. It continues to be the number one low carb store in South Florida. I even picked up a few items in your grocery store. They got like one little shelf off in a corner somewhere. It's got like a half dozen items on low carb. But every item in the store if the lights is geared to you and your low carb needs it. Better with 1200 products like carb like ice cream things with fantastic taste, reds, pasta, chocolate, brownies cookies and less more. The staff at the lights and there's low carb. You can answer all your questions for you. And as always you can sample anything in the store before you buy it. To make sure you like it. You like to zone for every day 7 days week from 10 am until 10 pm. And you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of the blades in 441 right next to Boston Market. Call them full free at 1-877-LOW-Carb. This LOW-WCARB. Run wicked web. It's low carb.com. There's only one. Delights of West Focus. It's an incredible story. It's your official Atkins retail center. It's your official Atkins retail center. You'll be able to look for your car on 566-880. Okay. Okay. And... ...scold out of the plane. When waves display, it's display, it's flight planes out today. Who's made spots still got in the plane. So, you're too late. Who's a plane, but it's gone down in flames. Who's a plane, it's way... ...the most famous plane of all time. But I think it's all 6. The most famous plane that stays inside my days. Hi, I'm here. I'm 43 at 566-880. This is a really something that's going on here today. Look at that. They're just going to new, new, new log here. If we had a screen in NL and if we'd have bailed out at 1126, there was nothing else being said except how we'd have to go out there and play 100%. They're going to lose some more. I mean, when some more games and all that, you know, the same old tri-clean-chase. It was done. And then we could have got very easily. We could be right now doing the second break since we came back and said, ...you see what I'm saying? Yeah, that's true. No. We're just right in. We're doing little programming as we go. Don't worry folks. The show hasn't started yet. Okay? One of those things. Get used to it. Let's start it and do it. I think this show is like, you know, not really. It's only penciled in on this station at this point if you really look at it honestly. We're just kind of like hanging out here for a while. Anyway, so what do we just do? We did that? We did it. No, no seriously. This doesn't solve anything because it's still easily backed up with their store. Spots missing. Okay. You all know what I'm saying? But we can't get them all in. No problem. But they won't listen to me. We've got to shut him off because that would be disrespectful in the middle of a dolphin organization press conference. That would be re-be. But 221 votes on our poll yesterday. Who would be the strongest candidate for either party in 2008? Rudy Giuliani 486. I guess they felt for that dog and pony show we put on there at the World Trade Center at Ground Zero. Excuse me. Hillary Clinton 454. John McCain 451. He's right on Hillary's ass. Pretty soon they'll be cheek to cheek. Or is that ass to ass? Barack Obama 336, which is obviously the correct answer man. There's the dark horse not to dark right. Barack Obama that's today in the 336. Howard Dean 265 who made well be named the new head of the Democratic National Committee. It looks like he's putting in a good. That's right. Replace that very boring. Terry McCollough. I'd rather have Dick McCollough feel second basement from the Tigers. I'd rather have Scotty McCollough. I mean if you had a choice between Terry McCollough and Dick McCollough, I'll stick with. Jeff Bush, our fan asked of her 177. John Kerry 82 in John Edward's 80. Isn't it interesting that both of them pull up the ass in. This haven't had their chance and ballooned. Or at least having had it stolen from them. Okay. Okay. If we got the county Wilson on our baby curtain today, who quite frankly looks pretty damn good there. It's a very flattering prejudice after she lost all her weight. And I'm assuming that maybe some of that weight shifted from her butt and from her midsection like right up to her boobs there because she's got like very ample lovely boobs in that picture. That's a good picture. If you hang up sight down, that'll happen. I'll be with some of her. She is. She of course has had a little bit of a problem with life or father. Of course said a little bit of rhyme Wilson. That's currently not any background of her. She had that one big hit and kind of vanished. That's not entirely. Huh? That's not in the filler. Well, I was rather fact lately. It's good thing you haven't seen her. She's starting to pour a couple little bit again later. Because a wonderful picture cut in between when she was jagged and grow test and in between when she started to work on it again and she kind of started looking like Brian's teddy bear. Anyway, let's see. We got today's pool and I thought we'd build this pool today but the way things are going we don't we got like a two hour show. If you could be anything that's living person for one month, it would you be. Now I started to solve Donald Trump because he likes to fire people. It has power in mind, right? Plus he's on TV now, dummy Donald Trump. So what Tom Brady? Okay. Right? Who will want to be Tom Brady right now? Be honest about it. Sure, whether. And I put Brittany's husband. I don't know what his name is and I don't think anybody else does either. So just Brittany's husband. For obvious reasons. Wouldn't you like to be Brittany's husband for a month? Okay. For Matt. For Matt. For Matt. We like she inquired as per seeing as she used to be. I just want you to have a little bit of a car for scene. No. We're saying. Come on. We don't have a lot of time for you to interact. Okay. We missed you. Thanks. You know what I mean? I did watch the first one last night and Josh will tell you that I ripped you an ass yesterday because it cost me 21 and a half bucks for it. And I never dreamed I'd watch them again. I've seen them all. I think I thought we were going to be posted. Do what? I have to get out of this day and you know how to get out of it. It was the intent counted. I mean we wasted 90 bucks in this program. For sure. But be that as a man. Don't do it again. Totally. No birthplace. Okay. So that night. Well, just won't stop. He's really close. Because he doesn't send me a birthday gift. I'll forget about his birthday. He's in December and I won't send them. I check. I said maybe you're even a few hundred. What? Just have to sweet cut really in. But I will. Yeah. Oh, no kidding me that crap. No kidding me that bull crap. I know about being used in the views that were for this company. Okay. Seriously. That was so poorly handled this last. It could have been a piece of cake. We've done a Zidian those on this station, right? But no. We got to get the fat man out of there. We got to cut him out of this entirely because we got to suck up to wait now. Because now that Stern is going off, we're going to just release hang on to the questions. It's not too great. See what I'm saying? No. They just can't make up their mind in this place. What they want to be. You know, do we want to be a sports station? Do we want to be in an entertainment station? Do we want to be like, mix it in math? We can't quite make up what they want to be. Except a bunch of bulls. That they can do very well. Anyway Steve Wolf might go pieze out over a topinal park says. Topinal park and this leads right into a story about a little more information about that Seminal tribe and about the day cruise industry when they slipped in the Mickey or at least they tried their best. I am so sick and tired of these hypocrites telling about how evil gambling is not coming to find out they're in a gambling business. They just don't want any competition. Do they want to be like, they're like, almost some you start seeing an ad in the newspaper saying, oh, don't eat it. Shulas are a ruccrest steakhouse because steak is poison and alchiria meat is, you know, filled with hormones itself and then you find out that the ad is being punished by the competitor to some of the steakhouse. Like let's have a place on a beach where they brought us all the silverware. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I said they forget this. Yeah, they come on. It's worth it. It's worth it. I mean I'm not saying that they would do something like that all. That mural is pretty weak. But you never said what I'm saying it's just there's no credibility there. We talk about being a hypocrite, you're similar in the Mickey Harrison and he will get to that. The Pompano Park is holding an amendment for thank you party tomorrow November 10. Management at the Pompano Park Racing in poker is a free spot for us to do a have-to-body spot tomorrow. But beholding your thank you party on our task amendment for our last Tuesday and the election even though it looks like they'd try to steal it. The party was his open of the general public and we highlighted with a special cake cutting ceremony after the fourth race tomorrow night and the entire day and I will feature a special discuss. If I don't know that I'd come down there for another, I'd cut the cake and even give a piece of that rich. All race programs to our good news to a 50 cents along with many food items including draft beer, so does the hot dogs on the fourth floor all you can eat the favorite do is to only seven bucks. What a bargone. Huh? So instead of dollar nights of our night it'll be 50 cent-night. This is a free spot for Pompano Park is what it is on a mind. Did find word my close personal friends and managers of Pompano Park wishes that Bob Bullmar were still driving and we bring them down to Pompano. Hey listen if we bring it over a fitting in a water case we'll bring in anybody. It says we really want to thank all of our employees, horsemen and women and our patrons that all supported work so hard on the passage of an important. I'm sure you had Neil Rogers in mind when he said that too. Now I'll say this. Tell me if we're going to get my free spot on it tomorrow. Okay. Because they probably came to it because we have a loaded log not to make up all the spots we missed today and a real mess. I mean what did they just get through saying there okay it was in the papers this morning. Everybody knew what I had to story ready here which I didn't know was that we're going to carry a press conference. Lonstats out he quit. He was fired whatever you want to believe. We got Norman Paces the interim which if he thinks he's really going to be around the end of the season he's dreaming and Mr. H said this and Mr. Eddie Jones said Mr. H in the first two minutes how many times? Not good man. Jesus Christ on mighty. He's got a name Eddie okay his name is Wayne. He puts his pants on one leg at a time. I know he said some recent problems you know personal problems and that's unfortunate but the fact that the matter is people still hate him like poison. Don't we? Oh whatever. Come on. Cut the crap like him but you know. He has reviled in a local community okay. Everything is touched ultimately has turned a crap. So from the way he dismantled the Marlins the dolphin organization has like slowly but surely dissolved it like this disaster and absolute disaster that thousands and thousands of empty seats of the Arizona game on Sunday and spread a claim that seventy two thousand people I mean they sold all the tickets to the channel seven stepping in so there would be an embarrassing blackout but who are you kidding okay. The pants are of course he dumped them off just in time because now there's no hockey. I mean and how about that blackbuster of the ballbuster park huh? That's what he should have done was built in called it ballbuster park as East your is man Mr. Rates he's a ballbuster. Everybody said after that Marlin World Series when you're first one in 97 I'm not in a for the offense and in it for the money. That's really that's charming any wonders why the public despises him like poison Mr. Rates but I guess anyone like that. Finally they say that and not only that but I dropped in when as soon as Eddie Joe started talking I had dropped in take off those checkered pants I didn't get on the air so I'll say again it take off those checkered pants yeah we've all seen this thing here on the sideline pacing up and now it's only checkered pants on like some old fart from cemetery village. They look for the QM van right now at the corner of 117th and Kendall Drive stopped by the pick of a VIP pass to a special meet and greet with NASCAR DRABOR DAL JERIT. Why do we care about that? I don't understand that. Look for the QM van right now it didn't even say like a business rate thing just a decor of 117th and Kendall Drive and Kendall. I know exactly where that isn't our taste lived like just a few blocks from there. Stop by to pick up a VIP pass to attend special meet and greet and eat with NASCAR DRABOR DAL JERIT. Oh DAL JERIT. Oh DAL JERIT. Remember old DAL JERIT? A DAL BAT? I'm at. Now the Semero tribe which both of curing the path for Gambling on Reservations 25 years ago spent more than $5 million we had some of this for your last week but here's more detail from your scum symbol this morning. They spent more than $5 million trying to defeat a proposal that could bring slot machines to suffer to raise traction in high-lifron times and will bring and that could bring will bring. The day cruise industry and all the gambling interests opposed to the ballot measure kicked in the early $1 million against amendment 4 okay? So you got $6 million there between the day cruises, slip in the Mickey in there and $5 million from the Indians and several Indians. The South Florida's traction high-lifron tends spend nearly 15 million to get the proposal on the ballot and commenced voters statewide that slot machines are a good way to raise money for schools and they are more than 3 million came from the Isle of Capricacino in Voloxy Mississippi. Three times since 1978, Florida voters have killed down we know about that. Under this measure, Broward and Dave Counties with another vote can permit seven raised traction high-lifron times and South Florida's South slot machines, those evil on our bandits. I never thought I would live to see this day you know it? The Constitutional provision dedicates any tax revenue on the slot machines to schools around the state, the seven per mutual facilities have promised schools a 30% tax. I've heard of that. If state lawmakers don't pass the tax. In the two weeks before election day, the Seminole tribe here would go that in the two weeks before the day. Election day. The Seminole tribe gave $5.6 million to the no-on amendment 4 committee which bought TV ads warning that slot machines would erode Florida's reputation as a family friendly vacation spot and increased drug use and crime. Oh my god. The tribe run six casinos with poker tables, video gaming machines and high stakes bingo. The casinos don't offer blackjack or good jack or table games like craps or leveter illegal under state law. Next, Ossiola won a five members of the Seminole tribal council makes no apologies for the misleading ugly campaign. We've had the fight and protect every asset we have ever since Columbus laid down the shore we said Monday, citing water rights fishing rights in land. But Daniel Acton's chairman of the SOTS campaign blasted the opposition campaign mounted by the tribe for a denigolatin call slot machines the crack cocaine of gambling is an insult to the taxpayers of this state. Atkins said gambling on reservations and on cruisest and all were was unregulated and untapped atkins said repeating a criticism that the per mutual campaign made frequently during their campaign. In other words, they can have gambling and it's okay and it's kosher and it's wonderful and beautiful even though the state's getting no tax revenue from it and nobody except them is benefiting from it because it's the ones with no selfish interest that they care about. But if we want to have it for the kids and for education and for the public generally to go to without having to go on a cruise to nowhere, or go play a bunch of funny balloon machines that aren't the real thing, then it's great and it's glorious and wonderful. But if it's at those seven per mutual trust in, it's the crack cocaine of gambling. It's going to bring in drugs and crime and the mafia even don't call the only's going to make it come back. What a crack or crap you people. You ought to be ashamed of yourselves. And then of course they always try to do it, you know, hiding behind some or you know, no, this committee know on whatever, and they never tell you who they are. Pretending that there's some righteous group that really isn't interested in protecting the public against the evils of those one-eyed bandits. Now what's just spot that we want to do here? Because I have no idea what you want to do, okay? It's seven by the same thing for this hour. Huh? Do dry concepts? We can do dry concepts and then we can do the most spot at the end of the break. I don't really care because we're back into a corner and we're here primarily to get commercials on folks. I'm not going to make any pretends for it. That's the way to stop right now. That's the way we operate. Right? Right. So we'll do that. We'll do the other bows. Huh? Do it. We'll just do them all. And then 1230 or so we'll start to show. Okay. What? Richard Granson. I want to hook with that. They made that milleter. I don't hook that. He's an idiot. Whatever. I want to be him for both. He's an idiot. He's a virgin and lanic. Virgins scared. Hold the things I would do with that, buddy. Huh? So there's people with more money in him. Yeah, but I don't want to be go gates. Uh-huh. I was waiting for that. Okay, so I'm 57. Are you all spot station QM? Let me tell you if you got spots on your carpeting. This is Mark. Morgan, it's the 12-to-one hour. I'm QA-m. Watch, darling. You turned. I am he has to solve them. There's a worse football team. But you've loved the ball from goals at all. Right, goals ever seen. And do do do do. They're around the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say I am, they're talking to I was focused there. They're the Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends number. I'm 18, so no need to worry. Choo. Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends. Don't set on them. You'll always lose. There's. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to flock. They're coaches on it. Tell them to put them in their jacket. And they would run much faster. And even in the scene. When we go to the stadium, go see Miami. And there's a Miami doll. That Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends number. I'm 18, so no need to worry. Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends. But seeing that hasn't got a clue. Miami has the confidence but the confidence have no fans. We're just 50,000 animals sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all the food is mowing right in the ditch. I wonder how Joe Laby got the piece of bacon rich in there. Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends number. How many jeans in the week? Yeah. Miami doll friends. Miami doll friends. I hear the crowd begins to bloom. They live in the hills. The Dolphins have faith people that quarterbacks their tube. Run down the field and he will fall apart over you. Oh, I'll never win a super bow and shoot, you piece of pride. When he gets cut that does it mean that he will certainly wear the. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's number. I'm using slowly. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. She calls her signals in Hebrew. But dolphins have no defense and their offensive at joke. Like George Bush even pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always just appoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than podcasts. I sing those ugly faces. They're the f***ing I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's number. I want the help. Three, two. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin. I am a dolphin's now there. I am a dolphin. Where's the brain stem when we need him? In the chart. 12.75. 60 WM now we're starting our show official. I guess. I may not be a bad idea. It's a feed stay. I can't wait to see it. Now there are Birds, birds. Santa, Kay's here. Can't wait to see. What's going on? Omerald ran all the way there. The key is the 45 cent. It's so good. So I want to see this. What if I see. In any case you really do know about is a cghm. soldiers kept in Falugia. Moscow in Iraq's end of course six already did. Moscow in Iraq's rest of city of Falugia announced today that fighters on the inside of the city of capital of Dutri, five US soldiers, lost speakers in the Moscow at off the new to the US forces were trying to penetrate the rebel-held city, but the news could not be immediately independently confirmed. US troops in Iraq we know about this, we know about that. To me, Pat, there's not as much resistance as he instructed to everybody's high tail that out. They have animals. But in spite of that, they've already taken 35 US soldiers in six or dead. As the operation for Luza Blubbat continues. AirFort is dead, I don't care what the, look at his Palestinian delegation was at the hospital for two hours in Paris. I do hope they had the energy. Yeah. So, if I can. In a wire service, this is all say that he's dead, but don't confuse CNN with that. There's still confidence in his dead, okay. So he's either dead or alive, but he could be around too long. Whatever. Oh, you're like this, Gary. Women go top of St. Palm Beach County Hotel. Oh, right. That's great. You see that, Gary? You posted it on the website. That's right. That's why he saw because Josh now is, he is on top of his stuff. So heavy duty. I guess he's assuming when that envelope comes with your birthday check, but he's going to have another check in, or which he will. That's all. Because he's going to say to find John. Yes, he is. Huh? And he's got a good attitude too. Well, that's right. He's got an attitude like us. You don't give a crap. And that's the way he ought to have. I tried to tell him that. So after that election day, when we took what we had in screen calls, well, who would be? He said, yes, and he said, don't you ever make me do that again. It's okay, just relax. It's not like I'm a little like best about Josh. What is that? He's carcest. Yeah. I suppose your boy friend that you hadn't here before. Yeah, your little boy friend that you found under the overpass or over the underpass? Exactly. Who had just a, a little bit of problem? I've like a passing. Not overrunner, but just passing on the floor. Another one of your people, okay? He was he at his moment. See, he had a little fun with him. Especially when you scraped him up off the floor, but nevertheless, a lot. I'm trying to tell you, we don't have a lot of time to lean. If you want to go ahead, I'll be more than happy with that. I can get him a cab right now and come. I'm going to go. I think we have to wood by and I can win another thousand. Do you know that the lady said next to me on Sunday out there? I did fine. I went about a grand, okay? And the great part of it is you don't have to pay any attacks on any of us. And he said next to me, he had a thousand on playing little fortune of course because I'm addicted to that. She won a thousand under we all three times in two hours. Wow. Now I want to once, which was pretty nice. You know, I want to many times, but she had a thousand under we all three times in two hours. That's spectacular. And of course, she was not an old lady. She was like maybe about 40 or I would say very nice lady, which was shocking because she was a Brit. And usually I get to Schmidt when I see the Brit, but she was nice. That's the way I have a good time. But anyway, I shouldn't be going out there. You want to do the show, go ahead and hit like this. You seem to be a little bit here that you weren't doing yesterday because you want the case yesterday. Again next Monday. George has taken off some Mondays now, okay? Yeah, what a. A lunch and meeting of these scripts research institute board of directors at the Posh Breakers Hotel in Palm Beach was stripped of all the core of me yesterday. When two topless women surprised the diners in the seafood bar, a rock, laborized of 30 second chant. But third man. The protest is science that has tied expansion to a Palm Beach County wetland in Syria. Nature yes, biotech knows saying, our limb, purpose and Veronica were a blade to hold both 24 who described themselves as environmental activist from Lake Worth. Among those who see momentarily studying and unfiltered look at the budding protest moment, which has threatened the slope and structure of the science centers laboratories, where scripts present Dr. Richard Lerner about 16 board members and bestselling author of Science for Lowes Robin Cook, rhymes with snook. Pulling out their shirts as they exited to the Grand Hotel's Ornate lobby, the protests is the first stop of the security gate about three hundred yards from the front door, police issued the women a warning against unlawful trespassing. They bear to doll. The pair might have been a clean getaway, had they not had to have a valley park their car that would know if these spaces available said purpose. The protest followed by a button hour visit to the board meeting by a fat ass governor Jeff Bush and introduced trustees, most of whom are from outside Florida, some of the controversy brewn over a Palm Beach County project. Environmentalists have threatened law suits if scripts floored it was along with a head with plans to build on mecca farms, one time Orn's Grove West of Palm Beach Gardens facing years of delay of lawsuits are filed, some Palm Beach County commissioners have considered building somewhere else in other words forget about it. Is what they're saying. You know, I haven't played that in a long time. But God about it and he says it's so well, God about it. Yeah, how to set out a mile, you know, even he got screwed over two of these plays, but that's all right. In this case, he deserved it. Okay, we need to get some more names on that poll because we're trying to like the show started now. Okay. So, you know, because it's pretty obvious to me that most people are like burned out, you know, okay. So the election was rigged and carried blue and this and then, but, you know, we can't go for four years of self-imulation about it now, you know, life goes on at least for the time being right. As best we can. Although we got some votes on there. Now we've only got a few choices. 110 votes if you could be anything as living person for one month, would you be? And of course, I didn't put any women on here because we don't have any women listening, but if you want to put a woman on there, maybe some of you guys would like to be a woman. I don't know. Huh? We'll find out Brittany says been 37, who have 35, Tom Brady 15, that was my choice. I could just look in the mirror and like, you know, you had myself in the head. I see. Richard Branson 12 and Donald Trump 11. Plus he's got a lot of money and he can go ahead and do anybody that he wants. You wouldn't mind being Tom Brady for a month. Don't give me any sign of dance, okay? This is obviously when I have to get yourself all dirty in the football field. WQAM, hello. Oh, you haven't been to somebody she's pouring that Mr. Herf and stuff feeling good. Yeah. Okay, great. Thanks to the big news. WQAM, hello. We're gonna read all the gifts. Yeah, I'm WQAM, hello. See, this is just like yesterday, same last same start. QAM, hello. Yes. How about you after? You have to. He's a 35 votes, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Did just like yesterday, I told you, it's just coming falling apart of the scenes after the last week and all the election crab man, it's never gonna be the same again. So let's put the press conference again for those who missed it the first time. Reply 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't want to say we're off to like this slow start here today, but something ain't looking too good. WQAM, hello. Yes. Hey, hey, doing. Okay. How about I know you have heard. WQAM, hello. I heard you're particularly somebody's wardrobe and kind of funny. WQAM, hello. Yes, okay. Did you see this follow-up to that story? Did you see that? That's the picture that was made to what factory mark was. Yeah, I had it on the year yesterday. The follow-up? Yeah, they suspended them. Yeah. The suspended sentence. Uh-huh. But they want to talk about being a okay thanks. We'll be right here about that. WQAM, hello. Bring back their brain. Come on, you can go. Bring back their brain. Stand. Got it. Got it. Yeah, it's disrespectful man to be talking about the brain. And it's the same thing with him, you know, they fired true when they had to make it look like he was, he retired, right now. Retire. Yeah, he didn't retire. He got canned. Oh, I got to do a break, don't I? Yeah. Oh, he caught well, I'm going along here because you keep in a rush. Yeah, I know. 12. 15 at 5. 16WQAM, let me tell you about our good friends and guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field V, with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently, they helped the listener of ours who never dreamed of be able to qualify to build his own home. Not only were they able to qualify him, they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get. And they were closely with him to determine which one was best. And then they made it happen for him. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field V, to 1, 800, 7, 34, 66, 16. We'll be looking for an interest only loan, a 30 year fixed rate of one of the many low rated justinal mortgages they have. The guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field V, thanks what you need. The offer payment is lowest 332 bucks per every 100 grand year borrow. The guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field V, can make it happen for you too. With your mortgage and we'll even send you on a cruise. That is correct. After closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field V, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven-eye cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. Call them right now, whether you want to buy a new home and investment property or just refinanced at current mortgage. It's toll free. 1,800, 7,3,4, 66, 16. Around the wicked web, it's guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field V for you between just like family. Call them right now on the obligation 1,800, 7,34, 66, 16. You want the things that needal, right? It's exclusively on my 60. The break already? I am an army of one. I am a US Army Reserveist. Out of shape. Overweight. I did not read the fine print of mine, but it's a contract. So, I've been called a Frank to duty once again. I am ready to serve. Sort of. It is not even matter that the closest thing to fiscal activities since I've been out of the army. I've been wrestling with the kilos bank trying to get it open. But my country is in need. And it's my lawyer gave me out of it. I will serve my country probably. I am an army of one. I am the US Army Reserveist. Where did the guys have made the National Garden of the Social Forces? I am the US Army Reserveist. That is by the way speaking of troops. 11 US troops were killed now. It's interesting because the mainstream media, the busy talking about the air-fartness condition is worsening. It goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. The main time. Three and a half hours a year or about three hours and twelve minutes ago the wire service has said he was already dead. Okay. You like that? So, let me ask you this. Who do you believe? Certainly they are not given a son. They are not given a son. You boughtzzo. Objectress calendar. Now head stage running. terms are covered across the country as well. There were three Marines and six soldiers, most victims of homemade bombs and killed in location south west buluja, south west of Baghdad in and around the capital. And of course, and they still find a figure out how come they're getting such light resistance in buluja. Okay, this thing is so well planned, you know it. Right. Okay, let's see if we can immediately sponsor an appool which I adopt. We'll continue. Maybe somebody will call and suggest you have a number. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on either rising in singular wireless line. W Q A M. Hello. Yes, I want to talk to Neil Bob. Speaking. What reason why I want to step into the five? Yeah. Is this Neil? Yes, it is. Neil, Mark got a perfect fight. Yes, Mark in temper five. And see why they want to step by. Now, if I could. The reason why is because he wants his buddy to step in just like what Jimmy Johnson did for him. Yeah, he's got a couple weeks and I still want to come in. I'm already out. So I want to buddy to come in. Well, I guess what we don't care. Okay, call up on the sports or we don't care. Let's see here it says Harry and highly, uh, Hamist, your are some of the funniest videos when you put drop in Congress press conferences. That would have been it would have if you could have heard all the stuff I was dropping, but I was 99% sure that they cut me off what they did. They did it from the other river. So it's not like we've said all I have to say you're friggin man's been get a sense of humor for God's sake. It's only the frickin grounds. Now they don't have the sense of humor and God forbid that they should let that potty mouth deal on there. Who's not only knows what kind of stuff it'll make us look bad and wait and we'll get a Mr. H and get all Ben O'Reilly Shabby out right? Probably do something disrespectful. Yeah. Plus they don't have the new deal when them wrapped up anyway and it's probably who the hell knows it from what I'm hearing it's not going to happen is what I'm hearing that's a room around time. That they're going across the street to the other place, the dolphins, but who knows? And the way they're playing with that organization who cares, okay? But nevertheless, we don't want to mess with that because that's important stuff, okay? It's all right to mess with digital because we're just window dressing here on the show. That's what we become. I'll guess what? Guess what? Your days are coming. WQA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. That one for your poor. I don't know. I'll come all. Yeah, okay, great. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. I want to make a comment. I'm listening. Coming about one. Oh, but what is who you want to be for? Martin, every answer. Oh, maybe the rapper got Jay Z. He goes with the R. Say. That's okay. Jay Z, you got a man. Jay Z. You got it. One for the brothers out there. Jay Z. All right. We got it. All right. We got so far. He would happen to 65 if he could be somebody else for a month, living person who would be. You have to 65. Brittany says been 46. We're just a grandson 24. Tommy, Brady, 17 Donald Trump, 12. You're fired in an out Jay Z. Beyond there. Okay. We'll get a few of them on there. Maybe you have to look it on there. Somebody QA. Hello. Hey Neil, I got a woman for your lift. Great. The Ness of Paradise. That is Johnny Deft's wife. No, I swiped in it. No, no, no. They're together. He was just on Oprah. Oh, man. Who the East went up with? Wasn't her? No, they did not split up. Oh. She has his two children and she gets to undress them every night. They were on Oprah. Okay. He was on Oprah. No, it's promoting his new movie. Any of you would be beautiful. He was sure. She was able to say now. He's a well-less man. Even if he's an age of 75, he's so pretty good. He's 41 and he's more beautiful now that he was 20 years ago. Well, I wouldn't be so sure that I would cut off a limb for him. Okay. We'll have to beat me to it. Okay. Thanks. We weren't. I'm blessed. Say how to Vanessa Paradise. You got it? I got Paradise. I won't be talking about Paradise. Because then we'll sound like Emily again and Mickey will he'll slip your Mickey again on the end of the end. Oh, it's gonna bring us the crack cocaine of Gamma. Oh, brother. That has to be one of the greatest scandals in the history of all the, it would have all these fixed elections in Florida over the years. And all this other scandal going on. That has to be one of the most talk about slapping the public in the face. Oh, the sky is falling. The sky is falling. It's going to be gambling. There's evil when our bandits are going to be a crime in the mafia and the drugs. Yeah. I think somebody must have been on drugs over there smoking more than something that peace pipe if you ask me. W to Q and hello. A meal just remember religion. It's your kinder general terrorism. Right. That's correct. God bless. Okay. W to M. Hello. Q and M. Not there. W to M. Hello. Yeah. How about Jack Nicholson? Okay. Jack Nicholson. That sounds good. I'd like to be old and cordial. I'm already old. How old is he? Would you say by maybe at least he's a pretty inch of elk. But he gets a firm or tickets at the liquor game. So, okay. So, what's not to like, right? Right. Sure. That surges having press all that. 26 page known. All I can is they got error far over there. I think what they're doing is they're getting all the foul footage out. So, they can run the special on him. They don't want to like blow the news that he's did already. Because then it'll embarrassed them. They only had how many weeks now to get this ready. Yeah. Don't believe anything is see on the American media. Okay. I'm telling you that right now if they say that the sun is shining, just remember Miss Colle probably prepared the forecast and you don't know who Sunny's talking about. Hey, if you're expecting guests this Thanksgiving is not the turkey that makes the middle special. It's the people. Make sure your guest sleep is comfortably as you do by calling Donald McRis Tool free at 1-800-Mactress. Whether they plan weeks in advance to come or whether they just show up about warning and not coming door like Al Patina in that movie. When he said, who are? Did they didn't see that so did you? Such a golden look. You can get them just to like mattress on the very same day. Now when you call 1-800-Mactress to save an additional 20% on select models while supplies last and it got all the top names in the world that you know and love and covet. Steady, service, Simmons King Quill, Sternson, bananas cluster and even tempered pedic too. When you call 1-800-Mactress, you'll get same day delivery and it's the same deal I've always offered you. That's unbeatable. You pick the date and time for delivery. To fit your schedule, any drawer window that's convenient for you. That'll mattresses proud of their 99.7 on time schedule. They're ranked number one at customer satisfaction. They were one as a day. They're the two thousand for better business bureau local torsive excellence award. I've been using these folks for years. Everybody else at QM started to get on the bandwagon too because it's the smart, the easy way to get to a great night's sleep for years to come. Pick up that phone right now before those guests arrived for the holidays and call 1-800-Mactress, or log out of their website, mattress.com. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. So proud this birch bill acquainted with this efet paper. Plus a round of flags. 1-800-MAT-T Want a lovely topl Debatte boy? 1-800-MAT… 1-800-MAT… 1-800… 1-800-MAT… Darling, sure he is in square and pan To tell you if you like your job Then you give him a laugh and so And if you tell the righty You're not looking to be kissed Till the fans write opia And call you an extortionist And call them back their spare and balance But not when he calls and dies He's looking for a lesson Who likes it a little too Who's the righty But when he was all righty He's warning sure he didn't even know he's been so So when they're all righty He's dying You best not take a kill for I'm dying of it Why say slow alarm? He also covered that up real nice And he paid her off and she went That's the end of that And I think he went back to being the figure pointing A hypocrite that he always has been And liar Error fat dead Say panicking in firsts a mid-confusion You know this is got to be one of the longest deaths in history I think this is right And maybe our fan asked out of Jebkin intervene And make sure that they don't remove the tube Since he got that Terry's lying The long and we can do the way in Paris Although I don't think he probably watched the concert with the old Europe, you know? Do you have aster? The fate of Palestinian President Yeser Amafar Was Martin and his intusion today As French doctors again cognitive reports by Senior Palestinian officials that the veteran leader had died In the first hospital which I told you hours ago Serbapulical sources said Amafar 75 and a comma for the past six days Had to come to the mystery illness And of course his wife says the Israelis poisoned him They would do something like that would they? Had to come to the mystery illness that led to his being flown to Paris from the West Bank October 29, trusting his Palestinian authority into crisis He is dead It is possible that the late the announcement one Palestinian source said He died after bleeding in the brain began last night His body guards started hugging and kissing and telling him he told him to be strong Oh there was just probably having a party But it spoke to the French medical services insisted that Amafar was still alive Saying Mr. Amafar is not dead Palacin informed Mr. Navigal Shah told CNN from Paris that he were fired is alive And no decisions that made to take him off life support Well we can only keep one alive, Terry Shavo or Ayesar Amafar Which one do you think? We only have one team Maybe we can borrow Russia's applicator tube The floor may have been completely reports surface during a visit to Paris by Dialogation of three senior Palestinian officials all seen this potential successors To Amafar to check out on the Palestinian leader despite his wife's angry objections And it was on he's been in a coma He's been widely admired by Palestinians as the father of terrorism I mean if they're struggling It goes on Father So he's a deader alive whichever one you choose to believe If it makes you happy that he's dead he's dead If you like hope that he's still alive just for whatever reason that possibly could be If you want to see him blow one more kiss goodbye It'll act like that I still think he's not family sociopete Even deader alive 560, 560, 560 and a Verizon cigarette rotus lines WQA and hello Yeah How are you sure? I'm gonna call the fight That's the Canadian happy birthday Okay Did I ever get a dance to look at the link TV? Are you okay? No, did not It's a most amazing channel You just can't turn off They broadcast a lot of the news from the Middle East The state and regular run news channels They show a whole news broadcast And he really see what's going on over in the Middle East And they don't want to see that I don't know if we want to hear about the Middle East again Except this I'm a far thing And he's in Paris anyway The old european I don't think that If you're looking at the Malkali show They're all bunch of barbarian lunatics If they want to kill each other Let him do a leave us alone And if they want to kill each other fine It's like the French and Quebec here If you want us to see I'll pack up a smoke meat sandwich Give it to him Absolutely But they also, you know, broadcast what's going on with Bush and every day I'm going to see that Okay, I have a great day pal I'm going to see what that I'm going to do what George suggested I'm going to do the same thing as you We've all been under a lot of pressure now This has been like being in a pressure cooker week after week Day after day month after month I'm like taking some time off from all this insanity Okay, right One in games again baby We can't play any parts I can't play 90% of the bits in our DCS here But she's quite fine Something even we just talked to morons again all every day for three hours Whatever one until they outlock that Drugs, huh? Until they outlock that No, seriously, I can't take it First of all, I just checked the other I look at the stats every day I'm not Alexa On our website I'm going to do it pretty good The specific right around Lush and Time But the average page views on our website It's like 1.2 pages Which means the overwhelming majority of the people who go to our website are still looking at the movie pictures That's a way which is fine, you know But this is not just now This is during the election before the election before the election Yeah, whatever We're just spending our wheels here, man Talking to the same people every day Just, uh, well, waste in my time Collecting the check which by the way tomorrow is paid a for certain idiots in the building Who will ask a couple of paid days Just can't seem to get their act together Tomorrow will be paid a for all of us who Supposed to get paid on the 10th and 25th See, that's one of the reasons I got such a pain in my back comb Yeah, for men This is when you have to go through like all kinds of trauma Just to try to make sure you get paid when you're supposed to It's unacceptable as well today is totally Unacceptable Relictive us That's why I'm not concerning any more of what it is And look at the great job that I'm at press conference How they box that up real nice And like the one factors I guarantee you We'd add a hell of a lot more people Listen to what I've been the talk of the town Everybody has now what I've been talking about it And 99% of those people are a bit amused by it And laughing and peeing in their pants If they just let me drop in all that good stuff Oh, not a lot of people We're sure to be respectful See, they could have typed it and taped it And they'd take it to themselves off the feed and the other room They'd have to, they do that once before You know But then of course they would have had to come in there Like they'd lie in the last time we carried some kind of a press conference Remember they came in and begged me We used to play it up Of course now I don't talk to them so they can't do that So they just cut me off right in the middle of my own show Which is unacceptable as one of this It is totally acceptable Because everything now is with a sour or very serious How can you take the dolphins seriously for crying out loud Okay? How can you take it seriously? There are a joke there there's a laugh of the league And believe that supposedly got a lot of parenting now We have like most of the mediocre teams They're being able to meet you for a new definition Yeah, they're a parody, all right Yeah, they're a parody, P-A-R-O-D-Y of themselves Of their former selves Even George knows it and he wishes he never heard about football again He knows that pigs can his trif? That's right God Okay, let's take a look at that poll We'll get a few names on there by the end of the show We're not getting any facts in I have a feeling that that press conference really screwed us good today Now what is it the middle of November? Ah, we don't care it's only the fall book Right The dolphins will be also on that And then I got a really laugh About that promo there You talk about really sucking up man Hank Berksley has excluded the one set was fired a designer Whatever last night he breaks that And last time he broke his story That's a set of for six weeks That isn't just my making up It's the freaking truth And I was saying all the hump are very on Hank old Berksley, please don't go across the street Hey You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? You want to see me? I'm tired of the hair Can you find your death when the freedom is tied To treat your chance You're going to die You can't help you I'm not pity It shouldn't get me to feel so sad Can you hear me? You can hear a sudden shot And you can make a drop shot You can't get a shot You're going away You don't see a doctor You can't do it Stay in bed And I'll subject to Here once again I told my friend If I had a needle for your good and red You can't get a shot Let go You can't do it You're going to die You can't get a shot Go away Hey come on out there You don't trust much 40 bucks to you last I always think that you asked that American dollar Now any force sense Canadian? Oh brother It is unbelievable American dollar is dropping like a rock The euro is about 130 One-One Thoughts dirty man Holy moly And thanks for those low gas prices Mr. President I'll those bend the soldiers dying every day Including today So, the print court overturned the citizen support to deport Let me try again So, print court overturned the citizen I read all day because Miguel was there George was obviously Miguel was on your heat When I read from all day long So I did not all day just because Because it was ripping me for using body wash You said it's a faggy thing Soap is out Okay You never used body wash I have Yeah, you don't like it I like it fine I just soap is what you know We use And why is that? Soap gets her in it Yes, soap is out of water Soap is out of water Soap is out of water You know Right But then you write that's okay So, print court overturned the citizen To deportation convicted of the U.S. The US Supreme Court ruling today in a Miami case And they drug-driving accident It is not a crime of violence It would laugh at all authorities to deport a permanently Go resident The high court ruled unanimously in favor George U.L. Cal J.U.O. I can't even spell it Much less pronounced A Haitian man from Northwest Miami Day to is deported in 2002 after Plitting guilty to felony DUI And serving two years in prison The other page of opinion was written by Ailing Chief Justice William Rancoyce who after issued opinion said I'm dying on the hand And this was whether the DUI Offence was a crime of violence Because he had caused injury to others Under immigration law It fit the definition of an aggravated felony That's subject to the offender deportation The 11th US Supreme Court of Appeals ruled that it was But now The Supreme Court disagrees We've first been with the Supreme Remaining to get back to the lower court However, Leo Calse wear a boss We're not immediately known As attorneys have said They believed he'd be able to return to the US If the justice is ruled in his favor In its ruling, the high court said That the said The plane What does this mean? The high court said the plane that if only a Festima should be square and ten What does that mean? I'm not going to read the rest because they got all kinds of mistakes in here. They're all blows and how many get something on their website? They've got to go through the thing. Oh, sign in, are you already signed in? Are you a member? Oh, I don't know where. You know? Probably because people want to get that house story about Dave Wandset, got far. I mean, resigned. When you think? Of course. Let's see. Here is a, this is, uh, like to be lower of a chance for you to understand, as we know, all that stuff. Cute. And they, uh, they hit this pole. Maybe we should audition to attend this pole because I got a different one. Do you think? You do? Well, you got. I'll say it for tomorrow. Okay. No, I mean, we don't have much of a show today anyway. We got like about a two hour show. So what? What the hell's the point? You know, the pole of the couch. We have a bit more than, uh, VIP passes for meeting an evening greeting that would Dale Jarrett first with us. Oh, they didn't move fast. Oh, you kid me? And this crowd, how come they're not promoting us on kiss, okay? They didn't kiss my fan asked. Why they got us to a bug down with us? This is, uh, Miguel getting back at me because I read for three and a half hours yesterday. Too bad. Might learn something, so yes. Look for the QM fan right now to quote him 170, and candled raf, stop out of pick up a VIP pass with 10 to special. Meet and greet, maybe get to eat. Well, that is our grab or Dale Jarrett. Huh? No. Here's a fact from Bob that says, how about adding some famous musicians to your pole, like the rich superstar, our stamina studs sting. And then he also says, go Hillary. Okay. So you people that I did that one last poll yesterday about the 2000s made elections, right, who you'd like me to be the strongest kid. And that's it. Give us a rest now for a little while. All these people that want us to be like, you know, out of Frank and you know, talking about Bill O'Reilly every day would, you know, cancel and I am for you know, I'm not going to do that. If you want light bulb radio turn on the light bulb, this is the Randy tapes. Now Frank in, okay. Listen, there are a couple of here. All right, pop and zips and pills. Oh, wait, this is a little copy when you hear this. I've let it be this late. Because we didn't get started to like hours after we're supposed to. And that was really special. Are you not? Uh-oh. Shot-scard is the Mexican, Mexican, and Cousalid Los Angeles. I sure hope it's so wet back. So I mean, the beehons, I mean, Mexicans added again. A woman faces charges of having sex with an eight-year-old boy. And Mrs. Kamal might be, I've said about this. I'll not sure. Who, investigators said she considered to be her boyfriend. Tammy Imray, 29, this is in Bridge 4, Connecticut. Tammy Imray was arrested Friday charged with sexual assault and risk of injury to a minor, a judge said bond to 250 grand yesterday. Police began investigating in September after the third graders mother discovered a letter Imray had written to him and which he tells the boy, she doesn't want anyone but you. Isn't that sweet? Uh-oh. She continued now tomorrow at Supposed to Rain, you can come over and we can, you know what? Love you, I want you. We can, you know what? Police said the boy, the time made of Emray's seven-year-old daughter, initially denied doing anything with him, right? Because if you're getting into trouble, he made her told police he had sexual intercourse with her and that she gave him a key to her apartment. So for what? What is an eight-year-old boy has sexual intercourse with anybody? Like this. Oh no. According to when I rest after David, Emray told investigators she considered like a fantasy and she was the girlfriend, he was the boyfriend and that somebody could end up together in a relationship. Well she must have been seeing all those shows on the inside of the dish and the other ones you know, right? But they're okay. About Mary K. LaTerno. Oh god. And I'm going to tell you something, the next kid that she's been having 80 kids with. Right? He is one of the other, he makes me look good, that's all good. That kid is. He is growth test. He's the other words. All right. And it is that child from. A very late, Evelyn Emray, the suspects mother said her daughter had a little mental problem but declined to elaborate. I love her Evelyn Emray, since she didn't do anything wrong. If convicted Emray could serve more than 20 years in prison, the trial day hasn't been said yet. She didn't do nothing wrong. Maybe the mother needs some mental health too, making a statement like that. What do you think? Huh? Yeah. She got up in somewhere. Now what's the situation on the air? We are all up today with a spouse in a minute. Yeah, we're good. How do you like that? Boy, do we do a let's pat ourselves on the boat? Four hours to get caught up. Now wait a minute. I'm a little confused now because I've got like, it's coming up on a clock, right? My clock didn't just turn back, right? Kind of like those boats that kept turning back in dating hours for the amount of time to be a proper for men and for. But yeah, here we go. Because I've got like several more hours to go here. Based on what I had lined up here, that would have been really bad. 560560, pound 560, I mean Verizon singular, wireless lines. And it is our definitely restless and surely and I can understand. I can relate to it. WDQA and hello. Amy, how are you doing? OK, sir. I noticed when you read that story, you said that bail was set at $250,000. I guess it was wondering regarding they'll come out on the first, on the first one to think what he did was absolutely wrong. But are we innocent until proven guilty? And also, they put them on no bond for him. Did he have you just, I mean, do you agree with that? No bond. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I have to cut their things cut off. OK. In his case, his balls cut off in her case, I'm not really sure what, but we can work on something. That's what I think. I'll even do it. Of course, we don't know what he has done. He's soon to say, right. We know what he wanted to do. Right. Exactly. And the initial story is about that whole deal. We're incorrect. They were incomplete because of it. He said several times in a series of emails what he wanted. He spelled it out. You know, he's starting to make a nose gestures again with your fingers in the hand. Like you were making before. Yeah. Look at your speakers. So you can see George making us a little, grow test for a graphic gesture. But you can't say it on the air because you're a swit. Yeah, there you go. Look, this one's like, I called the bunny. Oh, God. Woo. Talk about being an anchor band. It's WQAM, hello. Hey, Mr. Rock. No, this is Mr. R. Yes, sir. Mr. C. Dr. Paul. Mr. R. R. You did a great job during the election. You know, trying to get the boat going our way. Yeah. And Mr. R. I'm out of material. Yeah, okay. You didn't have any to say. They don't have any material. Let's obviously last two days. That's why I did read almost the whole show yesterday because I took about. I tried and I went with that giant and lake worth to read. We got him on there. Hey, Josh, just go away. Okay. The groupies I can't deal with. All right. The chronics to groupies I don't want to apart from. Go back to the monsters of the midday and Randy tapes and just get out of here. My mother's still dead, by the way. W. W. W. Hello. W. W. Hello. W. W. W. W. Hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay, sir. Hey, I got you for your fault. Great. It's about time. How about building? Building? It's okay. If he gets you out of buildings. Just those George are like him. Let me, we can't put him on. He's like billions and billions and millions. That's all I wanted to share. He's admired by a few people. I've heard him. Not too many. Huh? Bill Gates. Let's get some more names on this pool. The last hour. What's wrong with you people? Okay. All new people are like one dimensional. I want to keep carrying on about well. You know, the election was stolen. We know that. So what are you going to do about it? If John Terry will over and play dead, if they're democratic party will over and play dead. If you work in meetings in the pocket of the right wing, uh, board again, not jobs. And that's the way this man. And Jesus Land. Freak in Jesus Land. There's another stop for Book of Brand. Jesus Land. If you could be any famous person for one month, who would you be? 289 votes. You have to know one or nine. Maybe you got to put you have to run. What do you say? Well, we'll wait for somebody to call it in the written. He says, man, 62. Richard Branson 42. Tom Brady's got. But third man Donald Trump, 27. Jack Nicholson, seven. Jay Z's got seven. But that's a paradise. Has got four. Is that how she pronounce the spell? I don't know. Yes. Perfect. Nice. Right. That game's got one. And you ought to see it. And Bill Gates. So he just went on her. He's got the big old. Roger that. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. The one to the village. What a feminist race. Yeah. What a feminist race. Yeah. Is that a prison? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You got eight prison. Come on. Come on. Back to the river. Come on. Oh, take my hands down. But you're going to be no. Stop it. The more you run. But that is what the game is. You're going to be no better than you. Come on. Go. Stop the way. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. We're going to be a little bit more difficult than we are. We're going to be a little bit more difficult than we are. We're going to be a little bit more difficult than we are. We're going to be a little bit more difficult than we are. We're going to be a little bit more difficult than we are. We're going to be a birds. When you walk your dreams wake soul up again, WeWarx大的 Aronaritan can't guide us. Okay, Paris hoped that somebody said Cameron for a lot of them. Why would you want it or a lot of whoever she is. Paris helped him. I don't like that. You think money I would assume? Well there must be a lot of Beyoncé's got youth in money. But it's got Paris as money except for major parents. How about Theresa Hines carry? He was coming to carry. If they just wouldn't have run out of pills there to the SMB campaign, I think they could have pulled it off. She is definitely on some, you know, during a consistent speech when it came on that stage, he was dragging her around like a rag doll and she looked all the far too by the way. He was eating, you know what I said? Yeah. She was like, ah, like incoherent even more so than usual. I thought I was somewhere in her name. What is that bitch on man? Wow. Got it anyway. Maybe she just shared with all of America. She's got it in put. We'll never know now. Yesterday we had a story about a school strafing in little egg harbour news jersey. Remember that one Josh, were you paying attention? I was. Why you like that? I know Miguel wasn't because he was touting because I get to read all those newsy stories. We're too newsy yesterday. That was for you, Miguel. That will be seen when we put in the news NASCAR driver jail juror promo is on my show. Promote rhymes with homo. Can't make some money play that. Gordon whatever is in the gym Gordon been. Residence angry that the international guard F-16 straightened intermediate school last week in little egg harbour news jersey. NASCAR the military last night demanding it sees life our operations at a nearby target range. Oops. The military is investigating last Wednesday's incident which a jet fighter on a nighttime training exercise over 7 New Jersey fired 25 rounds from a 20 millimeter cannon. So was struck the little egg harbour intermediate school. A custodian was the only person that had part to build him. It was said about LMP and no one was heard. It was an accident but no one got hurt. You know, the kind of like in a godfather. Remember that? Right. It was talking the timehagen. Couldn't take that letter because if he did an accordal law could prove that he knew where Michael was. Anyway, major general David Worley, commanding general of the DC National Guard said, low disciplinary actions have been taken against the pilot who has been dismissed to fly still being evaluated. And a community meeting called the Discuss the Incident residents in township officials sharply criticized the military. Demandia assurances it wouldn't happen again. The fact that a hit a school is terrifying said Becky Myers, who held her eight month old goddower she spoke, little egg harbour intermediate is not out in the middle of nowhere. Could have hit across the street and gone through some of these living room. Although it was sleeping, it's very, very scary added Kevin O'Rourke who sent a tensed school. The kids showed up in class today and saw holes in the ceiling. And you're like that. It seems to me this is the American if and way. The military is temporarily halted operations if he wore and grow a range. Where the pilot was supposed to be aimed at a stationary target on the ground. About three and a half miles from the school. All that aim. Oops another one of those. Oops deals. Yeah, we have a lot of those. Oops, there it is. Which we had that song to play. You know, oops. It's a lot of stuff work. It's around somewhere. Oops, there it is. Think of few calls that we got a great story about Viacom which will be very pleased about you do. We have that story on our website from my FNQB. Nope. Didn't. Nope. They're fighting it baby. You know the Janet Jackson World at the World functional final. They're fighting it all the way to the Supreme's baby. They're not going to take it lay and down anymore. Okay. They're going to fight back. Their mad is held and not going to take it anymore. 560, 560, 560 and he Verizon and Secret of Wyrbyslides. How many QAM? Yeah, you know what I'd like to be for today. Yeah. That bitch, Joyce, I take her down the overtime and loosen her up a little bit. How many QAM? Yeah. That bitch, Joyce, I take her down the overtime and loosen her up a little bit. How many QAM? Yeah. That bitch, Joyce. I take her down the overtime and loosen her up a little bit. How many QAM? Yeah. QAM? Oh, brother, I come to tell him that he's last two days. George is going to be doing the rest of this week. No, no. WQM? Hello. And no. Yes, sir. Come with me. I go with. Tiger Woods. Okay. You could be the next Tiger Woods even though he's faltering at this bucket. He's got that hot white wife and he's got millions and millions and millions and millions. And even when he doesn't win a golf firm, I thought somebody might have about him and then he got a dozen when he gets nothing. Which I really quite frankly don't care about golf or anybody connected with golf. The whole thing to me is just so if I never hurt any again, if it just needs to exist, it would make me very happy. It would improve my whole existence. When you will feel the same golf. Although Josh is pretty big on golf, I'm sure. He'd like to see VJ sing. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. Listen for your poll. I'd like to be John Kerry, because I would have ripped Bush a big one. Now, it's too late now, maybe. Too late. He'd like to be John Kerry for a month. Wrong month. We can't go back. We're talking about now in the future. Okay, Schmuck. See how one dimensional layer. Let's talk about the election. What do you say? Let's go. That's the Schmuck effort. Next several months. Not. If you wanted to do that to let me go to the turret. Okay, and few cured guts out. I wouldn't blame you. Which is leave us alone. We're trying to have, we're trying to, like, we're funding it. We're trying to do, right? This guy's actually the way to screw an issue off. This was a disaster today. This was not, I'm not a happy camper. First of all, not because they shut off the audio on my end, but because of the fact I had no idea what was going on. I'm sitting here desperately trying pleading. Please, please crack or please, you know, like 11.25 would have been great. And we had to like, yeah, we had to have a chance to salvage a show here today. But they made sure that didn't happen. Dominic, you weigh him, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know. That's Mr. RDA, sir. You said you like the loaning of the portrait. WCWM, hello. Who the, what the hell was that? Tell me, WCWM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, do I do it? All right. Is this clear? Sounds like me, yes, that's Mr. R. Yes. I'm worried you. Okay. Maybe you can help me, or maybe you can help me. They're talking song you play. Is there someone I can buy it or something? I'm holding you around. No. WCWM, hello. Good to see you. Hi, Dave. Watch that. We're going to miss you, sir. Yeah, the one-stead era's overboys and girls in case you've been sleeping in or something or had under a rock because the dolphins are one and eight. They blew another game the other day. Right there at home, we'll get to the team. They'll all 17 straight on the road. A little girls team. So they want that allegedly resigned. They got to the whole story. I'll cook up there and there was any Jones this morning. We came to press conference for a pond with a half an hour. And Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop on Mr. H. This is Mr. H and that. He didn't want him to leave Mr. H. Just like the Brainstam retired right. They might believe that. No. No. WCWM, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. I want to be a check. Jack, there you go. He's got the big bucks. He cannot bang whoever he wants, right? You're the big what? What? The big bucks. So I didn't say big nuts. I said big bucks. Although Jelly would probably know. He's real tight with. WCWM, hello. Yes, you. Yes, sir. Yes. You live in Canada, correct? No, I do not. I do the show sometimes. I can't live here. Oh. I'm just going to say, who are you saving about the presidency if you live there? I can't actually ask, okay. In fact, you just only wish you could be here, okay? Schmuck. Who am I to say? I guess what? Here we can say whatever it'll be one. How do you like that? We actually have freedom and speech. Some old grumpy old fart. Give me a son and answer what I can say what I can. Okay? I'm going to turn you ass into old Bill Rink for just before he croaks. WCWM, hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, don't see that last. These are the cemetery village, especially the first part of it. Yes, sir. Did you hear what I'm having? What was the last chance of radio yesterday? No, I did not. He was calling you, uh, Roy Rogers. He said that you're jealous of this career. Somebody called up and said you spent the first 50 minutes of the show talking about him every day. Yeah, no, I don't. I don't. Why is it that? Why didn't George Rose for Terry? I think that would have been the deciding, well, hey, I'm right. Okay. I'm going to support this stuff. Okay. This is more good. Howard has never mentioned me on a show ever. Nobody QA in hello. QA in. Yeah, I'll see the hell. Howard? The hell for Neil. Howard sir. Oh, David. Mr. That's Mr. H to you. What can I do for you, sir? Speak to me. Okay. Hey, you know, for your, uh, fuel holder. Yeah. I won't be anybody who's doing an entertainment show. Thanks for the memories. WQAM hello. I'm the oil. I want to go to the pole. Okay. Uh, the great rubber Joe. Okay. Good. WQAM hello. I'd rather be anybody but that. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. I go with your ball. Uh-huh. My ass. WQAM hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi. I'll handle that to be Jennifer and tell him to play with my stuff. Okay. Great. Come on. It's after one. I told you. We've got to be pretty sure. I hope you have a wonderful time. Okay. You can think of money. I'm taking off Wednesday's days. Starting this week. Go get hasty. Twelve minutes after one. At five 60 WQAM. When you shop for quality footwear, Great selection professional service. There's only one place you ought to be thinking about going to with a smart people shop. Branding shoes in Pompino Beach. That's where your fine top quality names like rock ports. Floor shine. S.A.S. spirit. Tiffle and naturalize are all the top things you don't want to love. And unbeatable prices and the people are working, Brandys. Know your feet inside and out. They'll make sure you get a perfect fit every time. Branding shoes is open every day Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9. Sunday's 10 to 5. This is where the smart people shop for their feet. You're fine with 12.9 and your federal highway in Pompino Beach. It's always worth the trip no matter where you are. And right now it's a great time to buy naturalizers this week. Branding. All great women, styles, 20% off the already unbeatable low prices. So can one of Brandys this week for sure or visit them on the web at BrandingShoes.com. For more listen to the video, Roger. We want to discuss the books we've done. On 566P. You A.M. Watch that. Don't. Follow me. With these days, Brandy wants to be a mommy. Time of baby with that dancing so mommy. Take selfie ready when she's 23. She'll be the hottest bar in Branding. We'll see let her kids hear their lip and belly. She'll screw a month like I've seen with Kelly. Fair goes up happy when we better lie. To the liquor store more of a bag of wine. We've seen how spending his sideways shaking hats. For Branding, ladies, on their hot pink one, mouse mask. To where his mom is, just not cop in place. I hope someone convinces them to wait. So if there is a dirty piece of dirty to become a pop. It's not fair to look in and not hide your way. You are my son. 2018 at 566WQA and we got the man dog at 2. We got the Humper at 4. The big at 7. Any kid 10. A Christine's kids will do the clean slate. So to speak. You're also in that middle of that bit of kind of like change pitch. Yeah. You don't understand? Did you do that? No, that's just the way it is. Just the way of being. 566.056. The Verizon and Singular Rios Live. Getting some sensational calls here today. That's the meat and potatoes that bread in the butter of our lives. How many QA and hello? Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yes, I got one for your poll. Okay. Neil, uh, Bono for you too. Bono. Yeah, he's rich and overrated. Hmm. He'd like to be Bono because he's rich and overrated. I don't plan. I think based on the way he sounded, he was overrated. If you could be any living person for one month or what it'd be, I should pick somebody with Richard overrated. You have to, 133. Who's one and hands down your pants even though he's 98 and can't even get near it? Threatness has been 72. Richard Granson, 51. Tom Brady, 40. Donald Trump, 33. Jay Z, 13. Bill Gates has got a dozen. Jack Nicholson's got a dozen. Vanessa Pervadise has got six. Sting four. Periscillten three. Tiger Woods two and Shaxow far has got the big. All right. Big enough. Zero. But go. What were you to say? What was I going to say? What? Thought you were to say something else. How many of you perne? Nothing. What was I going to say? What? And what? I can't say it. I can't say what I thought you were going to say. So what is he talking about? I don't know if that's the right thing. That's the right thing. This is the making guy standing in the studio with a bag with a flat bag. And just left. Oh. Tegers. WQA in. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. I was just calling because I one caller was said how it was talking about. Yeah. About 10 minutes. That was correct. Yeah. I'm what he said. Can we just say it? It's a caller called up and saying there's a guy down here in South Mark. South Florida market. I keep saying you number five in the books. Yeah. You do anything. Any kid going? I don't care what Roy Rogers says. And the guy's like a steal. And that was just pretty much it. He was just talking about about five to ten minutes. So if he had been there was probably this month. They just called before trying to stir up a pilot crap even though of course I never said any of those things in the first place. He was just saying that he goes everyone steal my stick and everyone copies me. And he jealous the career I have. Kind of same stuff. He always ran some raves about. Uh. All right. Good talking about. That's a good news. Okay. Thanks. So there go the answer. Did my name on the series. I mean, when you were for this crowd, you got to keep your name on some of keep your tentacles and testicles out there. Somebody to Q AM hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I want for the poll. Even though he's married to that. This, you could say bitch, catch yours. Or it's like a pile of stuff. I'm not going to say sorry. We can tell about two or three we still say big. Okay. Even though you get the thing that bitch Jennifer Aniston, how about Brad Pitt? Brad Pitt. Okay. You got him on. Take him. Kind of old me. So with this point Brad Pitt. Holden. Huh? What? I see this business about I want to be somebody so I can bang whoever they're bangin' like, you know, Brittany's husband, which is why we didn't even put his name on her. Because nobody knows who that tour is that mug long. Kevin Federer. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? You keep uh, running off for the dancers he 넣고 our dancing Thursday she's trying to tell fun photograph what you expect, tells us to watch your mentor yeah. Yeah,rounded He's famous for that Michael Jackson. What about you? Let him get. Yeah, sure. I want to be Tyson veterans, a black model. Tyson. Betford... Yep. Okay. I know many of you wouldn't be Crystal Edgar but he wants to be some black model. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What? What? How fast I think it's funny because it's true. What? It's true? Yeah. The fact. No, you know, he's back on and I don't watch that show anymore, but I just happen to be channel surfing the other day on the, I'm going to, honey, Malcolm's back on there. What's his name again? Oh, shumar, bull. Shumar, more. The shumar, more I see him, the more I want him. I wouldn't mind being shumar, more. Even put him on there if you want. He's not too dark and not too light. He's just almost black and mostly white. Is what he is. Shumar, more. He's a pretty guy. He was a model. Oh, yeah. Anyway, I'll tell you what was a model on it. Show two is a Josh Moro, who plays whatever I don't watch that show anymore. What's that what's his name? The Victor Sun. Oh, the bull. Oh, the bull. No, I'm going to horny. Not the bull. Not the bull. Not the bull. The go test. The I'm going to horny. Whatever his name is. Victor Sun. Whatever his deal is. That was a model. That was a one-day store. Was it in our tells about that day? Oh, we're fine. A lot of a growth test stuff that's you've never been on here in the first place. You're in any of Daniel, you're a moron, okay? And by the way, the paperboard says he ain't interested in either his animal. Yeah. Either one of them wants to touch the best part of you if they could find it. Damn. Fire comes as Super Bowl fine. On Constitution. I'd like that. The insist that it was on Constitutional. I'm going to get in with that. Back to do it right now, you know? Good. Now that we get such a fine job of getting everything back up in there, that was great. Because we were like, how the hell did I do that? Magic. They must have been barmed. They catch up with 80 million spots and they have most of the show just got it out here today. We're just like going to a most in case you haven't noticed here today because they've stolen a whole damn show away today. But you just keep going to call up Howard, making up crap. And I said this. Nice Sunday. This has been a work. Okay. I'm serious when I tell you that. In a 94 paid document file with the FCC last Friday, a via comes said the commission's notice of a parent liability that spelled out to 550,000 or five for Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction to be meet. 2,000 for Super Bowl half-time show was inconsistent with the commission's and decency standards and cannot be re-considered with the communications act and FCC for Ferture policy. The document also states that the NAL violates the first amendment and places it in doubt the constitution now be the entire FCC and decency enforcement regime. Essentially via comments drawn online in the sand intense to fight the FCC find to the bitter end. How do you like that? Oh, right. There are heroes. Throughout the filing by a comment tax to constitutionality of the FCC's ability to enforce the fine, the broadcast job also asserts that they combine impact of these constitutional defects to impose a broad chilling effect on broadcasters and the absence of clear guidelines informatively children's speech and gives the government far too much discretion to curb this favored expression. 5,000 tax BFCC's lack of a decency guidelines and how would defiance community standard saying the broadcast and decency ruling continuing constitutionally rules continue and I can't even figure this out. The broadcast and decency rules continuing constitutionality is weakened further by the FCC's faded with explain how it determines the contemporary community standards for the broadcast medium. The agency must do more than the assert that it knows the national mind for a licensed candidate of a method for considering evidence of community standards. They just don't get it. They understand it. Just take a bunch of letters from on Wackle and whatever town it is. The commission gives no indication ever has considered any data on the issue and as only said it will not credit the popularity of a program or consider survey results and measuring public tastes. It's avoidance of the issue flies in the face of reasons to be in court decisions that affirm the importance and complexity of accurately determining the appropriate community standard. As for the incident itself, by-compoints out that it was only 9-16 to the second that Janet Jackson's breast was on screen during live halftime show and it contains that the FCC made no attempt to explain how a split second disclosure could simultaneously be brief and repeat that length. Nothing in the records supports the conclusion the Vi-comp and the halftime show is before indecent. It is insufficient for the FCC to claim that the performance was designed to shock and titillate because Vi-com was aware of the overall sexual nature of the Jackson-Timber late segment when the network scripted in plan to program that was well within broadcast standards. Vi-comp says the test for indecency was not met since the brief flash of partial nudity that closed the halftime show was neither explicit nor graphic. Did not dwell on a repeat-aligned sexual organs of activities that was not used to titillate or shock. You must think he'd be in the word again. The final message to defense with halftime show seeing that nothing about the performance has planned and scripted comes close to anything the FCC has ever sanctioned as indesend. The fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that the fact that since the fact that that 20 years earlier and 20 years after 23 years after 23 years after 23 years after 3 years after because I think of that is passed from 3 years after incredibly guilty about truth is fudge man is in 3 years after 10 years that 15 years after 13 years after 17 years after 10 years after 17 months after 10 years after 15 years after 10 years after 14 years after 15 years after 10 years after 15 years after 20 years after 10 years after 16 years after 15 years after 9 years after 25 years after 11 years after 10 to 12 years after 10 years after 10 years after 10 years after 9 years after 30 years after 10 years after 10 years after 25 years after 10 years after 10 years after 15 years after 15 years after 10 years after 10 years after 11 years after 10 years after 10 years after 10 years after 15 years after 10 years after 10 years after 20 years after 15 years after 14 years after 10 years after 10 years after 14ентов after 15 years after 15 years after 12 years after 10 years after 10 years after 10 years after 12 years after 10 years You would even recognize Charlie's work when you see it because Charlie created the best most natural look in system in the world. His natural skin-like care system is 100% un-detectable. They hear what's on control over on your scalp, that's the key. And Charlie's work is guaranteed. You're nothing lose but the big ugly bald spot because it tried Charlie's peace for 30 days for a month. But, true to me! And after a month if you don't love the way you listen, feels and smells, if you're not getting lots and lots of action, if people aren't clawing you to and watch your body desperately, we turn it for a full refund. Make the call today, tell Charlie you heard about it here on the New Orange Show and get your special QAM $2.00 discount off your regular $800 price of the natural hairline system. 1-800-321-2413. Don't forget not to stick with your great look in your system, it's made sure you know what it can tell you worrying one, and Charlie's new skin-like care system is natural as it gets. You won't believe how much better and younger you look after Charlie takes care of you and gets you some hair too. Call them today, toll-free 1-800-321-2413, or check them on the wicked web at CharlesAlpha.com. 200 free-tou1-2413. But we're coming here that the car will not let the car off, But we're glad to hear it. Go to this kind of thing, Tell me, That's just a new house, Who's the name of the car, And tell me, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, With Mary Music and the name of the car, Who's the name of the car, I wish you so far goodbye I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm safe and good I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud like you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you I'm proud of you At first I was second I was second But me too Forget it I'm just like a hell of you Stop it Hey three cocktail I miss your 30 4.26 on hook to a few they get provinces I better not say that. Mr. H probably wouldn't approve of that and who gives you an H. W 2 M. Hello. Q M. Not there. W 2 M. Hello. Yeah, I'd like to be just for a month. I can Rick Malmick. Okay, great. 5 6 7 0 5 16. 5 6. You've arrived in singular wireless lines. You'd like to be a human for a month. I don't think he had the capacity pal. He'd like to be human for one month. A member of the homo sapiens. He's already got a part of that down. W 2 M. Hello. Q A M. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? I'm doing okay. Great, great, great. On your pole there, do you have, um, do you have, Wayne Eisenhower here? Wherever one would be Wayne Eisenhower for the day. How would anybody want to be Wayne Eisenhower? Well, with all his money, you know, with all his jets, with all this. Do you want all the people like to be Wayne Eisenhower? I don't, I wouldn't, in a way, I wouldn't lie being in for a day just for a month. I'm not for a day for a month, but I'm not. Okay, I talked you out of it. That was easy. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Is this a difficult question? Let me read it again. If you could be any famous living person for one month, who would you be? Very simple question. I mean, one day, what would tell us that? He was to do something for football. That's for that guy. I was, no, that has nothing to do with it. I want to do something for football. He was to do something to us to hob now. He wants to be a big shot man. He wants, he wants Eddie Jones to come on here and talk about him as Mr. H. Okay? Right. Whatever his name is, Mr. Schmidt, Mr. whatever his name is. I'm right here, and T. Eddie, I'll even put on some more new checkered pants to honor to describe it. It could be Wayne for a day. Or maybe he just would like to be Queen for a day. How many of you in? Hello. How many of you in? How many of you in? Hello. I'm just a bit curious. Congratulations on your belated birthday. I just couldn't get through for the last couple of days. Oh yeah. Yeah. And really tough. Let along with the three other bedtime stories yesterday. But I appreciate and value your show man. You're my source of news, and I can't honor it being true and I'm censored, I'm like the Nazi media, you know? The United States, I just sensed a little frustrated. I'm just a bit worried. We're working for clear channel. Just cheer up. Something is dying over there. And I love your show in the format. What does that mean? I don't understand what you just got to you saying. What does that mean? I don't know. You know, I just sensed this frustration in you, you know? There's tremendous frustration. We're from for this company because they feed people like craft like garbage. And they play fast and lose with this show of all shows. They play fast and lose anymore. We're basically on whatever they feel like it. That's the way the show works. You know, unfortunately, you get, you know, you can't cut off my Howard man. But I love your show. And I love the format. And you know, you could always, it could always do worse. You know, you're in Canada. So, you know, now you're talking. Now you're making sense. I know, pal. Thanks for the money. Oh, yeah. Good luck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, see. I can do working for clear channel. At least I'd be syndicated, you know? Who working for another bunch of grave robbers? That's the reason. Just like that thing from Viacom said that I read only minutes ago. That's why commercial radio is on the way out. It's just about this in the morning. I'm serious. Because, seriously, I said, and then, of course, what's going to happen? And I don't know why people aren't realizing this already. The FCC, the bunch of Nazis that they are, especially with this new so-called mandate that the moral values crowd has got. They're not going to let that just go. They're not going to ignore that. They'll eventually, it might take a while. But I doubt it. They'll, especially with all 12 hours in a half from the week, the people in Congress and both parties. Don't start regulating whatever is on serious next time. Anywhere. It becomes an on your pop-up toaster. They'll start regulating that too. Because the way the government and the FCC work is, they make it up. As they go along, don't confuse them with the facts. I mean, the Vidcom logic, it is, that's the problem. It's logical. You can't make up community standards based on the ratings of what are two lunatics. Quotic people are keeping the same complaints year after year. They're saying, nice, a hobby with them. How can you have a community, an area of 5 million people, and more or two people are going to determine community standards? There is no such thing as community standards. That's not rocket science. That's just a fact. But don't confuse them with the facts because that misses up all their plans. You know, just like Tessio said, this is up all my plans. I look what they did to him. WQAM Hello. Hey, the deal? Yes, sir. All right, listen, I like to be John Olm for a month. Okay, data. I don't think so. He likes to be dead for a month. Be quiet. Look, or maybe just like to be like you're a young or you like to be hung. WQAM Hello. I'm going to have to work, answer. Thanks. Tessio, I'm very surprised by the way. I appreciate it. But the birthday is ancient. It's very happy. I know, but I didn't get any of it. You know, you know, a lecture morning you are talking. You said something that is stuck in my mind for a family. You told everyone you said it's too voted for George Bush in 2000. You know, you business your chance to redeem yourself. If you vote for him again, you should have one on your answer. The rest of your life. You should have a good life. You should have a good life. That's been a spell right over there now for no reason at all. Just because we decided to go in there and thought it was going to be a piece of cake for George's ego. And you know, that really stuck with me. And I thought if these people, if that doesn't stick to it, it doesn't stick to there. Thank you for preparing. I don't know what could. I can't believe these idiots have that were in the same situation again. Yeah. Can you believe you feel? Come on. You're just trying to get into little boys. I'm going to get you. I'm going to turn that radio up a little out of town. Turn up a little out of town. I'm going to turn up a little out of town. Right. 20 till 2. And that amazing thing. That's all we need to care about is Mr. And the best part is he was still on him. Realize it. He just, you know, he thought that was going to be cooked. And that wasn't just kept going on. That's all we need to care about. And this guy's going to be a big son of an answer about George. You don't give a flying crap about George Bush. You're just another jackass is all you are, man. Let's see that. That's America for you. Like that. You belong in a red station. Guess what you're in one. Aha. I don't even like that. Be afraid. Yeah. Be very afraid. Well said sweetheart. 20 till 2 at 5. 60 WQM now is the time to save like never be for it. Armstrong for it at home is there. They must clear out all remaining O4s to make room for the 2005s. You'll save like never before an all remaining O4s in stock of ready for a immediate not sooner delivery. And all the O5s are in their ready to roll out. In a limited time, you get zero percent financing on any of the following explorers, escape focuses, toruses, and mustangs, certain restrictions apply. The lots of Armstrong for it to homestead are jando and moral finds arriving every day. They're cutting prices right now to save you a ton of cash. Armstrong for it off is more vanity too because when you buy your for from these folks from Armstrong for it you get their unbeatable exclusive tires and batteries for life program, which is almost unheard of. So if you've been looking for a new car but been kind of stalling and putting it off, don't wait another day. If you're rich in a staff at Armstrong for it on home instead, we'll guarantee you the best price to know for you because Armstrong for it is locally owned and operated. They want your business for life so they'll really feature this like family. You won't get a better deal on the Ford A were in South Florida. No bait and switch no phone details. Armstrong for it on home instead. The Retro 725 South to Xie Highway just 20 minutes south of the A36. Check them on the wicked web at Armstrong cars that have common and travel a little and save thousands on that new Ford only at Armstrong for it on home instead. Your engine. Thank you. We are the heroes of Jes functioning against you There's a new National Anthem of Jesus Land. Oh, I can't have a good ring to it, you know? Oh, 36, 56, 28, WCW and anyway, how are Dean, remember him? Congress is going to become D&C Chairman. Former presidential candidate Howard Dean, who should have been the candidate, what a one-by-alance life is considering a bit to become Chairman of the National Democratic Department. He told me he was stupid about its Dean Grossman himself a former Chairman of the D&C said yesterday, Grossman was a Dean backer during the former over-mic governor's state presidential bid. Lord Gross, his spokeswoman said it was far too early to be speculating on that. He was less than a week ago, but Grossman said it's not too silly for Democrats to focus on their future leadership. I strongly urge Dean to seek the opposition, he said, how it is divorce and political empowerment, and if he that's important for the Democrats to get their C legs back as quickly as possible to get back beyond the disinformation of life so we can believe there's a bright future head for the Democratic Party. Do you believe that? Hmm. No. No. Well, whatever. He wants him to believe it. Believe. You've got to believe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 by the way, Casey Mr. Howard, whatever his name was. They want to stand. See how to slide out of mind. They want to stand. And Mr. Reach, except his resignation, we're remarking, of course, who wants to see him on the hotel right in that neighborhood necessarily? Would you? And people, right down the street from where you're sitting right now, not this kid. I don't know about it. How many QAM hello? No, I'm cool Neil. Yes sir. Oh, well, yeah. I'm happy first day, too. Yes. I'm trying to get through and stuff. It's just only the pleasure listening to you every day. I'm glad you're around man. Just wanted to make a comment. The best thing about the whole election. The best things in life are free man. The best thing was that you resurrected that Chicago soon died long. Yeah. It says it all man. It's sure you had to tremendous impact, didn't it? Yeah. It's only. It's only. It's only. That's not the same crowd man as back in the day. That was a different group of people. It was a lot of COVID. The brains are all fried now. See those people. They're all wrapped out. You know, just one last thing. The other that's the guy to call Howard. Yeah. One good thing. He said your name about at least a half a dozen times. He said your rod is so bad. That's not all that bad. Howard did. Howard did. Well, I said keep saying that Howard knows why I am. In fact, Howard's. He's got to know who you are. Yeah. You know, I make him want. See, obviously, the purpose of the call is like to drive away. I just threw up a bunch of crap, which isn't going to work. Because Howard actually behind the scenes likes me. I don't know if he likes my show or not. And I want to care about that. But he's, he's fine. He was respectful. Yeah. I mean, I'm in a world. But I'm doing my way to ask. So I'm very serious when I say that. Okay. They can't know what to party. And back to you. It's in this deal here at QAM. I mean, it's the way I look at it now. It's to sum it up very concise. It's two years or less. You know what I mean? That's what I got left with this crowd two years or less. You follow what I'm saying? Oh, I'm sorry, but that's what's in the event. What just said? No. I said, that's my future with Greg Weed in QAM and Beesley broadcasting. It's two years or less, whichever one comes first. Because it's just, you know, you've seen, in fact, that day that I took the pull that upset our leaders so badly that he was supposed to meet. And by the way, thank you, Greg, for being a temperamental overgrown child. Thank you very much. Because that would have been the worst mistake. Oh, my goodness. Can you imagine if I would have done that? Oh, my God. Just standing for two more years of this crack. See, I told you commercial videos on the verge of death anyway. I'm the one I told you that a long time ago. And, of course, it's pretty much come true now that we have the Nazi government in for another four years. And the FCC is going to have a bunch of new members that are going to make the last one look liberal by comparison. And they just ain't no hope. But we're doing the best we can. Especially if you paid on pay day, which is tomorrow. That's maybe why I sound a little bit on edge today. You know, plus the fact that we've had pre-ended like on both sides today. All over the place. That's all right. I have no problem with that anymore. That's, I think we, in fact, things that we're going swimmingly well since we decided to start like officially at 11. And you notice the difference, sure. There's a big difference. We just kind of like take a few, we make that we've booked a few appointments for calls before 11, depending on what Howard Bale's out there today. And then 11 o'clock, we started everything official with a poll results in the beginning of curtain. And whatever else we're going to do, you know. But all the good stuff and the bad stuff and then between stuff. And then we've booked a few regular, you notice the regular idiots don't call before 11. I want to make sure the whole audience here is them. The chronic, the whisper, the whisper. That's right. That's right. Actually they are pretty clever. They don't want to be talking to like a, you know, a fancy audience out there. Speaking of fancy, we said, we get a lot of hockey fans. Let's go, go, go, go, go, go, go. And he's correct. Former NHL tough guy Mike Denton with sentenced yesterday to 7.5 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed. Oh, man. But this is an old story. I'd have you about a deal or something. Yeah. No, it wasn't that the, there's a whole lot of stuff that goes beyond us, but I don't want to get into it because it has to do with it. Dan, what? What? What? How's it doing? Stuff personal stuff over time. I didn't say that. You know, stuff. Dan, then, twice, said nothing as US district judge, would you still impose the sentence on the former St. Louis Blues player in East Saint Louis, Illinois? I don't believe it over 18 years on the face. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. I've been faced with the cases. My God, you're breast are beautiful. Are you done? I'm done. You're looking to be a slave? Yes, I am. Thank you very much, gentlemen. I feel good. You got my tiny honey. I'm hungry. I'm back at it, man. I'm hungry. You're a pretty. Hot there, man. A little sweet. I'm a sexy, big soul. I'm a rich, so rich. I'm a rich, so clean. But I'm just still as a pain. What the hell is that? And what the hell is that? We're still worthy of our love. And my dear, you're ready. And what a true love shall we reign? There's a little more fat. To solve a full night, it was fried. But quick, will we snack? My veins freeze from black. Just so bad that I'll have a heart attack. Making a book door. And try in the store. I'll grab a my prey. And kill me. I'll pull the store and I'll set you. Which you were late. And who could play me? Wow. 158.5.6. You're welcome. Why would we put that on a bill Clinton on a poll? All right. And what about Britney Spears? We didn't have any women get to. Of course, we only have about four or five listening. The loose dates buzz over to session. I don't think I have time for this, but it's so great. So session which didn't work very well. What has tried once before. Suddenly, red hot in the blue states. It's certain and certain precincts anyway. It says, this is in Washington Times. One pocket of match circulating on the internet shows the 19 blue states. One by Senator John Kerry. Washington, Oregon, California, for a big apartment that I. I'm turning the page. The idea is just to joke. One top Democrats says the segment of the country that pays for the federal government is not being governed by the people who don't pay for the federal government. Some would say, all for Alabama. The state of the state of the state of the state of the federal government. Mr. Donald said, it was an eight to center of the Democratic Democratic. And I'll see you in the political analyst at MSNBC. But the more the political condition goes on, the presidential level of the Red and blue states, the more you're testing the indicate inclination of the blue states to say, so what? Screw Alabama. With a ban to want to need, right? Red. Mr. or Donald raised the subject of succession. The McLaughlin group during the weekend. Bye-bye. 90 percent of the red states are well-ferred clients. The federal government, Mr. Donald said, it was an eight to center of the Democratic moonan. He said the red states that went to Mr. Bush collect more from the federal government than they sand in. New York, California, Connecticut, the states that are blue and all the states that are praying for the bulk of everything this government does. From social security to everything else in the people in the states, don't like what this government is doing. I think it's a great idea, baby. The cessation movement already is bond commercial opportunity. And one website is selling t-shirts that read, I succeeded. How do you like that? If you can't succeed, succeed. Huh? All right. Not bad. Anyway, you have to have it in 62. Want to be you. British husband, 87. British and Branson, 63. Tom Brady 46. Nobody wants to be day one. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush.