That's what you'll come on. A ride. That's the real sport for real men. Oh! We are sports renewal by Zephyr. Tell you who you am. My enemy. And by the way, what's up to these embadent Georgia shuttle? You're making it? Ambulant rape you. Alright. Oh, we're all the way. Oh, you're not a human strain. Do the meal, call your government and control your face. Don't use a tendency now. Lock it by now. You call that. Take the attention by the shoulder. The fact you did a thing to me won. You can't say that. You're not very elegant or depressed. And with you stay on an airway between two to three. Don't put the thread in down. We're working with the silent border. Just like the flying out that's back for my last. You give a special name won. Oh! You can't say that. Get a naked free. With that prince who's a daughter for all the FTC. With my new one day, And take your life with the way won. As for all my no-cubes, You're going to want more. Alright, good half my rating. You're going to be a good star. Don't just let the signal. Now, let it go now. You're going to be a good star. And take your life with the way won. You can't say that. Yeah, you can't say no. No, that's for damn sure. A darn sure. 10 out of 5, 60, WQM, happy Thursday. To it, man, it is a heat wave here at Toronto. I'll tell you that right now. That's for Castor Nova who wants here at Toronto weather. Man, it is already 52. Gonna be like 56 today. Even Friday. I'm going to go to the side. Gonna be like 56 today. Huh? Even Friday. I'm going to be signing this afternoon at 56. As in Q 56, what's not to like about that? Especially when it's been quarter than a which is a long time. Anyway, bad news to start. Get this out of the way right at the beginning. Are you a soldier died in a bomb blast north of Baghdad today? And mid-warnings that attacks will likely increase with fewer than 100 days left before the coalition hands over sovereignty. Yesterday, I'm battle with the insurgents left when American soldier and three rebels did. So two American soldiers to add to your tally those who are keeping track. Since the media quite frankly don't really care that much. No, no. Doesn't even make the news anymore. No, it's just the crawl. I see. That was a quite a poignant thing in that testimony yesterday. About the American public and the apologizing is only a wake up when people start kind of home in body bags and there's a body bag cap or when they're a bunch of Americans kill like a 9-11 and there's a big body bag cap. And then all of a sudden everybody says, oh, what are we going to do about this? Something bad's going on. Things like that. Anyway, here's our pull result from yesterday. Oh, who we got on the, um, be did curtain today. Paula Barbieri, which will get to that moment, certainly. The lovely Paula Barbieri, who was born, no less in Panama City, Florida. Honey, like that. See, you learned something already. The show's not even five minutes old yet. Who says this is an educational show. No more letters to the editor today about that front page through a Saturday in a sun-settin' little about freedom of speech as dead. So I guess it wasn't that important. I'm sorry for getting carried away. Although we do have a letter to the editor about the mess that the kids make during spring break. I'll get to that. That's just, that's just, it just tears my kishki's out because the overwhelming majority of people who are right letters to the editor and I'll never do it again because they never publish my letter anyway. The overwhelming majority are people over the age of 90 and they also have one other thing. I had no line. No, no, that's their motto. Yeah. People at Citer Round writing letters to the editor and newspapers, they need to have a billboard right in further house saying, I have no line. Right. And by the way, I'm getting tired looking at that billboard. Which of these people would you most like to see go to jail we asked yesterday and look at that. You were right on top of this. 2,088 votes. Rush Limbaugh, the Rush Miser, the pill popper, the hypocrite, the phony baloney. The liar. Rush Limbaugh, the 799. Boy, he pulled away and just devanted down the stretch like Citerate and the bellmon. He was fast for a fat man. 709. Was not as fast as he used to be. Well, what? And now that his hearing is restored little bits since he stopped popper, he obviously thought he heard footsteps coming so he stared around like crazy. Michael Jackson 481, he made a nice move there. Kenny Lee, right on Michael's butt, 465. What if, can you just even cut you that up? Don't think about it folks. I'm sorry. I said that I apologize. Jason Williams, 121 is a matter of fact. Guess what they have on court TV right now. Guess what trial. He would have 100 guesses what it is. Oh, and I better not put that on there because they're those trials. You know, they don't believe anything on court TV. And since it's kind of a heated trial and they're certain kind of jack mentality, they might say, yeah, since they're doing jack. Jason Williams, 121, whatever happened to his spouse by the way, I missed those badly. Not. Martha Stewart 107, Miriam Elephant made a nice move nice and even 100 votes for Miriam. You go girl, far away please soon. Kobe Bryant 76, Bob Novak 52, the anxious one. Robert Blake 47, Lee poor Bobby alone, okay. The bitch had it coming. Todd Batuzi and Phil Spector tied for last place pulled them up the ass and they had 15 votes. A piece. Out of almost 22 votes. Now, boy, it's a miracle that I'm here talking to you know, because I laid there and I slept for an extra 45 minutes this morning between the cold and the, that bugs. Am I scratchy throat, you know, and just I think I've worked my way through this cold. I dodged the bullet, but didn't dodge the bed bugs, though, it had the dustmights. Let's do a show on dustmights. All right. How we talked about it before. What's the use of going to policy the same crap about avoiding the sheets and vacuuming the carpeting and all of these things. You know, I don't think most people even though the dustmights exist, but when you, I don't, I don't bed and you feel like itchy and whatever. And then you wake up in the morning and word me. Now you have like little bumps. I have like scratches. And when I go on vacation in Europe, of course, and those hotels, they, they changed, they actually changed a little bit about once they're becoming a year. Not third man. So, they're just notorious for those things. Dustmights. And so you've got scratches. You wake up at a morning guy like, it looks like you've been attacked by the killer mites. But I, any one line and you read about it, you've got to do this, you've got to do that. And we talked about the film blue and the face and scratched on the arm, but should be my biggest problem. Paula Barbieri is on our, uh, beaded curtain today. If you're over the age of 100, you are a special permission from this show, a special dispensation from. They'll go. Look at that picture very briefly, though. Keep your hands above the table at all times. Paula Barbieri. She was born December 31st, 1966, which makes her 37. Born in Panama City, Florida. Post for Playboy October 94. That's funny, because it says, and the IMDB, it says, in parentheses, show more. I think what they're talking about, it's show more trivia. Show more. Uh, night eyes four, 1996, Dr. Angela Cross, aka Midnight Hour, aka night eyes, fatal passion. Misery brothers in 95, Red Shoe Diaries 95, and the dangerous in 94. Not exactly as Zidian, uh, parents has been nevertheless. There she is, and looking just fine. Paula Barbieri, on the bigded curtain, why? You didn't mention what she's most famous for. Now what's that? Oh, Jay. Oh, Jay, would we have to? Do we have to? I was feeling so good. I dodged the bull on this cold. I just have a few, uh, little scratches from the dust mites, and now you've got to mention it. Oh, man. You're not mentioned about one. To ruin our Thursday morning. Let's put a ball game on now because George ruined the day. Don't do that again. Let's go home. Well, this will tear you off. This will put company QAM hello. I'm a snail. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, Guy, I'm an exterminator. Been doing it a long time. Right. And that bugs are back. I mean, I'm talking parasitic little insects that come out and suck your fricking blood while you're sleeping. Yeah. Maybe that's what you had over there, but I mean, I'm finding them. Well, how many other methods we, how do you know the difference between dust mites and bed bugs? A bed bug is about the size of a fingernail. And if you don't, you can actually see a bed bug. Oh, you can see it in the field. And when you squash it, you put up this really nasty smell. Now, these are a dust mites. What do you do for dust mites? Well, wash your sheets, man. You really don't want to put a couple of dollars you have to. Okay. I thought you're billboarded. I'm running. You're running. Thanks a lot, pal. And by the way, get to the QM. We need a lot of exterminating over there to catch my drift. Oh, yeah. And by the way, speaking of that, I want to, like, totally change the subject for a moment before I put a smile on your post with a really cute story. It's a disgusting, but cute story. And that is a tip of the morning head to my good post personal friend, Moe Howard David. Absolutely. I don't know what to make a him. You know, he's just such a pile of crap. But he's just this morning, Georgian counters him in the T-room. To me, still say T-room, though, in the f*** bathroom. And he says, the, what do you say? You have a good morning and say hi to Neil for me. And he said it like seriously? Yeah, seriously. My main man. Did he say to my main man, Neil? No, I just said hi say hi to Neil for me. Well, what's that nice? See, he's trying to, I've totally this for two years now. I don't think he wants to be hated. Uh, I think where there's no sense. There's no feeling in that regard, but there's a little part of him that I'm telling him. I'm telling him, maybe the only one in the whole building that senses it. But there's a little piece of him. And I'm not talking about that piece on his head. There's a little piece of him that's like, you know, Yeah, I know what to say. And you really want to like it, you know, if we could just separate it from the rest of him, which is just garbage. But he's just, you know, good luck, you know, take care of yourself. I'm listening. I know that's when I'm talking. Uh, poor Mo, he just, uh, out of no. I'll say one thing, uh, he and I we never give up. I'm like him and Joe Rose, the, um, squarehead man. They just, uh, they got a thing that ain't never going to hold my kiss and make up some day. You think, well, I want to be there, uh, to see that. Hey, anything's possible. Man charge with spitting on cops burger. Now, I, uh, we have an ass yet and I could ask, Oh, what? What's wrong with that? What do I start? There is nothing wrong with that unless it's on a cops burger or less of your other receiving end. California. A real rancho, teenage, you was arrested for allegedly spitting into a hamburger purchased by a police officer. Not a good idea. No. It happened at a Burger King drive through at Highway 528 in Corralis Road. The officer says you got more than he asked for with his meal. He starts to bite into his food. Notice his something wrong with his food. Said officer John Francis of Rio Rancho Department of Public Safety, No relation to Emil Francis or Ron Francis, who by the way, thinks a police say the officer opened his bun, discovered someone had spit on his burger. Or officers arrested 19 year old Marcus Calderon, Beiner, and charged him with assaulting a police officer and altering food both our Mister meaners. I'm referring to a nice, uh, spit. Listen, it was a little more than that. It's very sickening to think about his had Francis. In other words, a big looie. Yes. The Burger King franchises just as upset, though the owner and manager would not do an on camera. It would be a channel for an LA that they've never, this is an LA. Was this? Um, I don't know, but it's somewhere in a West Coast. Oh, it's New Mexico. It's not the California, it's New Mexico. They tell I wouldn't use for it. They've never had an incident like this before, but not tolerates its behavior. We won't tolerate it. You're fired. Did it? The manager says all other employees of the restaurant are upstanding clean and courteous. They should of course, Codderone was fired at it. The teenager did provide blood and saliva samples to police murder to be tested for hepatitis and HIV. We treat this very seriously said Francis of anybody does this to any of our officers, or any members of the general public, and we find out about it, you go to jail. You'll be going to jail. Codderone remained in jail Sunday night on $2,000 v on, and the officer involved is still waiting for test results on his health. That is disgusting, man. That's a terrible thing. That takes me back to my early days on radio at KAT in Miami. Years ago, and he was fired and told me to work in the kitchen at a restaurant where he got even with the white man was spitting in the soup. He said it was very common in those days, in those days, in the day. 1013 at 5.60 WQM, if you were the dead end job, like maybe working behind a counter spitting in the soup, that ain't the way to go through life. If you're underpaid and overworked, if you're running around saying, I have no life. Maybe you'd like to get you some out of that rut. If you'd like to get a new high paying career, but you don't have the cash of the four years of your life to waste, I'm going to college. Here's the answer for you. You can make one simple phone call. I think you can handle it. To 1-866 Fast Train, because these people that have your train been certified for a high paying computer network professional career, and they can do it in a short time as four months. It's Sunday in the March, so let's see April, May, Hune, Julio. You can be trained already by like say the end of July, August or whatever. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to be around your schedule too. Fast train offers you job placement assistance and even financially for people who qualify. Fast train's got seven convenient floor locations, so you don't have to be rocket scientists to figure out. There's probably one nearby you. So don't delay one more day. Okay, get off your lazy ass. Get out of your rut, say goodbye to your nickel and dime job and your horseball boss. Can I say horse into your horse? F*** boss. And check out Fast train. This could be the answer you've been looking for to turn your life around to get you a big fat juicy paycheck. Call them today. Check them out of the web first at fast train.com. Get more info. And then make that call to turn your life around. Call 1-866 Fast Train. My life in law. This is for 20-560. You wait too late. No, Neil Rodgut. New and improved baby. Newbie time is seen that we're lacking in the pool. Hey, profanity, my bad will be you. Bye, the door. Okay, shit. New and changed. You changed. You changed. You're the one. You're the one. Now they have only one. Hey. You don't have. Don't turn your couch and dime. We got it. Now we're up on the same. You got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. You say none of the levels were big. Back near to the beach. Can't get any gumbo. But a warm party could have been. You've been. What did they say? I didn't check. Like the boy. I was in the hospital. I was there. You were there. I was there. You were there. Stayed to the floor. We're too late. Okay, let's go back. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. Get it on your knees. We got it. Ten nineteen. You never know what to look at. But he sure is a little genius that poker Brian. You know, he keeps it on the inside. And I'll be say again. You never know what to look at him. Anyway, oh, one of the most thrilling moments of my life. Yesterday, I put on the CNN there, the audio from Richard Clark's testimony in Fredle the 911 commission. And I'm dittling around looking at the results and stuff at CC dot com, which by the way, right now, 96,428 signatures were getting very close to 100,000. Nice gone Scott wherever you are. And Florida's got 11,725 right now. So 275 today will get to 12,000. We can do that right? Sure. I got to keep prodigom of course. But 275, we should do that by two o'clock. Otherwise, I'm I'm I'm out. But anyway, so I see on there a name. In fact, I wrote it down here. So Robert, I won't use the last name of anybody. Robert from Canon Day, when New York is that incredible or what? Why is that incredible? Because that's my hometown man is where I went to high school. Let's got to be one. Not a good person. Canon Day, what? There's, let it a good white people in Canon Day, when New York, what's wrong with you, man? Who? Anyway, here's our poll question today. Sorry to be pedantic says Steve. Thanks very much, Steve. Anybody's got any good poll questions? I mean, Sean and Hollywood's on some really good ones for us. But he's run dry lately. But the Steve may have filled the breach yesterday. Came up with this one, suggesting for a poll. I think it's great. Don't you? It is great. If there'll be an endless list of people on this poll today. Which of the, let's see the way I awarded it. Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest? OK. Now, we don't want to hear you when you call in. I got 30 or 40 ugly people for you, including you. No, not that I'm a little bit of a gullylly beautiful. What? The question is it who's ugly? Names, mugley people. Man, I've said one thing. Here at QIM. This is the whole building is really this. Maybe the ugliest radio station ever worked in my life. I'll see if I take out the mail anyway. If you take out Miguel and Josh Cordister, the lovely Josh. He used to look a lot better than he does now. But since he started the show, he ain't looking to be more. But who else have we got that looks even human? I'll tell you who's like human looking. Dave Hagen. He's, he's a good looking guy. Is he? Sure. He's, I mean, human. I wouldn't say he's a great. Yeah, I don't want you to hear what he's doing on that person. I see it. And who else have we got that looks like a human being? I don't mean this QIM and not power, right? No, the whole building. Oh, the whole building. Anybody, we don't have any good looking people at power 96. You out of your mind? Oh, got Carolyn. Oh, Carolyn. Oh, I forgot all about Carolyn. Well, of course, somebody tried to get her canned once upon a time. But that's, that's water or what a bridge isn't. That's a loop to it. Yeah, Carolyn is lovely Carolyn, although. And of course, speaking Carlos don't forget that thing. Lovely. No, it's just, it's just kind of a ugly building. Our sales department. Ugly. Um. What? In, in, in every, in every definition of the word they are ugly. Anyway, let's get back to this and quit with a QIM stuff. Okay, it just one of those things. That's why we're all, we all got a face for radio. Which of these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest? Here's the shirt list we got so far. And we can open up this poll anytime Eric feels like it. That'll get us off your ass, Eric. And you go about your business. Ersk, Spons Spectacularly. He's been sensational. He's got Paula Barbieri up there on the, behind the beauty curtain. If you're over the age, if you're older than the thusler, then you qualify. You have to 25 forms of ID and also a parental note, a note from a parent. Which you've heard of them, a thusler. I hope they left it in their will. Paris Hilton. Now you only can't bull. Fabio. That's when I put on your if there's any of those. I don't think that's the way to put on your if there's anybody who really believes that Fabio was a good them guy. I mean, that just makes me want to get on the floor and vomit for hours. All those Oprah women. Oh my good. If that is somebody's idea of a good looking. What is that? What is that thing? They all want them. They can have them. Com crews. J.Lo. Was some surprise that you put that on there. Did you put it on there? They're going to come put on there. Oh no, it's from the facts. Stephen put it on. Yeah, good choice. He's he's ugly. He's got a big ass. And Sarah Jessica Parker, which was Georgia's. I got to say it right. Sarah Jessica Parker. I always said. I wouldn't she have to do with the hood. Were you talking about before with somebody? Kujo. I mean, coach. Oh, she's his fashion plate. She's the horse face scarecrow hered. Oh, man. Winping. Thanks so much to NBC for putting that flag on here. Nothing like a real nasty stereotype. Yeah. I really make America understand. Oh, brother. I do. Wow. Wow. I only have one question. Ask about that thing. I'd rather a freaky Carlos on there to represent the so-called gay community than that thing. Whatever it is. What's the same? Kujo. Kujo. Kujo. Kujo. My ass. Anyway. Here's some more good news for you. See? Not everything is so negative. I'm trying to brighten it up a little bit. Even though I've got like my scratches on my armor. The dust might think is very annoying. Yeah. And I don't think most people are really a hip to it. You know? Maybe some old farts like the person I wrote this letter to the editor in a son, said I'm going to read in just a moment here. Bush plunge his and daily tracking pole. Oh. See now that people are we discovering what a liar is. Oh, and how about that kind of Lisa just go into a sniff at last night. Wow. She just had. She was spreading like the fire breathe and dragonman, spreading blood from her nostrils. She was just foaming it them out. Steve. What up. Bitch. Man. She is nasty and dumb. Doctor. Right. Of course. Bush plunge his and daily tracking pole. The latest rasmus reports presidential tracking pole shows. Senator John Kerry at 47% president W44. A big change after Bush have been leading Kerry for seven straight days. And I think that that not just the testimony of the Clark and all of these people. The book by Paul O'Neill when a public starts putting this together in a mindset. The book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And the book by Paul O'Neill is a very important person. And it's up to the A36 and believe me it's well worth the drive. Because Armstrong is going to save you thousands. Not just a few bucks but thousands. I'm great new tooyotes. Check out these great leestials waiting for it Armstrong's right now. In O'Four, can we or for one or for just 269 a month or 48 months? How about an O'Four Highlander for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an O'Four Toyota Tender the safest rocket America? You pay only 179 bucks a month for 48 months. These are just some of the unbeatable savings going on right now at Armstrong's. Toyota of Homestead. And now with the toll increases on the turnpike for people's use and cash. Armstrong's will give you a free subpass when you buy your new car truck there. General bad at your David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a brand new great spike in Toyota today. So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference. Locally owned and operated are committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. Their service department even be able to late till late. We'd nice to make sure they get your service worked on and done a pronto. Conveniently located at US-1 and 2.93th in Homestead just 20 minutes out of the 836 so hop on down there. Don't waste your time. At the big big dealers or car giants who always seem to do the same old thing. They over promised under deliverings of their dealership on some fully pretense and lie. Do the smart thing. Talk to David Rich the GM and Armstrong's Toyota Homestead. Call him a 305-242-3247. At the time of cranky old Leo Pudon to call 305-242-3247. Drive a little and save a lot and have great new Toyota at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. 5-26-56-563. 3-26-563. I'm not sure about this one. I'm doing her that right just about everyday and night cause with me strong and tight. If you need to be strong, I'm waiting endlessly. She finally give it to me now just like in her songs. I can hear her voice. I've been dating versin steward for it ain't no lie. I was the first to go through that door. It's goodbye by mine. I hope time everybody knew. Between it like thones for a year or two. I hate to tell you her virginity has come by by by. She deserves us a young and pink. I thank God every day that I am within sing. I hate to tell you her virginity has come by by by. I was wrong with that. It took a long the ages there a couple of times. I was just fine. I was just fine. Before I go with saying anything else, this story I interrupted myself with this 14 year old kid or 16. They say he's slightly retarded and like a IQ of a 12 year old. This Palestinian kid near the checkpoint at Nablus yesterday. He had the explosive strike to his body and he's standing there and he thought, well maybe this isn't such a good idea. So they had the little robotic thing. Bring the scissors over to him. Did you notice that? Yeah, the robot. Right. The robot. By the way, is it Jewish robot? He used the scissors and cut the thing out. And it was just when they took the kid out of the truck. Did you see that? Yes. The scissors, the Israeli soldiers put their hand on his shoulder and looked in like, what is this all about? And like he didn't have any idea. This is the state of the world today boys and girls. That story right there. That's where it's at right there. Religious hate. This one hates this one. That one hates that one. This one is a full of craft. This one wants to kill all of that all of a fill in the black. Yeah, whatever it is. This is madness, man. I mean, at least here was a story with a acceptable ending anyway. Although probably Ariel Sharone figured as well, at least they should have they should have blown them away right there because sooner later he'll come back and do it again. That would be his rationale because Ariel Sharone is a crazy person. Him and the Benjamin and Niyahu, they should take the two of them and put them on the next they're rover to Mars. Maybe they didn't find some good pastrami up there. Maybe Anne Colter's been hanging out there. See, we can't play it a bit. Oh, stick in with a lot. That's cute. That's a creative like I said. So anyway, just didn't think about that's a great choice for the apple and did he? Allegedly hot and man, he's about as hot as the North Pole. Julia Roberts and her perpetually red nose is DP. Although I'd like to do her anyway, he says. I would agree with that. That's another good choice. I think she's a fine actress. I like her a lot even though you're not supposed to say that for whatever reason. I don't know. It's not a trendy thing. You supposed to say, oh, Julia Roberts, she's all about. I think she's a bit actress, most of the time. But of course, you think we're hot. I would say that's a laughable and best. What? Aaron Brockovich. You have to see that. Oh, good or bad? Good. It's good. Maybe I did see that. No, you didn't. Oh, I saw Aaron Subbers. No big deal. No thing. I lived to tell about it. In fact, Aaron said, oh, honey bears. Tom says, well, let's see. Have you ever seen us have a way championly and Larry Holmes and Condoleezer together to say? Oh, Peris Hope looks retired. It says this fact. It was really whipped up to a frenzy. Oh, excellent points, Pally. Nice going. Yes. Now, what made before we do anything else? Before I get on this facts, which is pretty interesting from Tom. We've got a heavy plate today. Then why don't we read this letter? The editor from some, oh, somebody this makes me nauseous. 11,729. That means we need 271. 211 more signatures on stopfcc.com by 2 o'clock. So get busy, okay? And don't get me a sound at answer. Everybody in the audience is done. I've already you a done it and signed a petition either. 11,729, Florida, and a very strong third place. But boy, Texas and California go and nuts. California's over 14,000 signatures. Something has been going on. I have no idea that I heard that art bell over the weekend. I don't know who else on here is promoting it. And maybe nobody is. Maybe the whole thing of people emailing it to each other's really catching on now. I don't know. What if it's not important? Huh? Wouldn't that be nice? That would be great. And the reason I say that is that every time I check in it shows the last five people to sign. Maryland, Michigan, Texas, and then two more for Michigan. If Solani, Rochester, Michigan, which is Detroit or near it. Where's the Detroit? So if somebody in Detroit is on the ear doing something about this, I would think. Wouldn't it be great? The total 9,000, 7, 18. It's approaching 100,000 in fact, you have that I ever dreamed it would. Nice God Scott. And we're still working on that. We'll let you know how it can help us out with your cash. Well, if you did probably have been getting the week, right? I would have been back. We'll have our stuff, our ducks in a row. Can we say that? Absolutely. Not. Tom says, Neil, I just can't believe what's going on in the US, eh? I feel like I've been a nightmare and can't wake up. I'm a Christian. Read the Bible on a regular basis. Oh, I'm so sorry, Tom. I don't force myself on anybody. If you want to hear it, then I go on. No, I don't want to hear it. If not, then forget it. Let's have a beer. I do know how much I've been discussing about what's going on in the name of religion and God. I scan the dial on my radio and change the channel and my TV. There were literally dozens if not hundreds of channels to choose from. Let them have each one if you don't like it. Change the channel or turn it off. What a concept, Tom? When we all learn to reach a happy meeting is when we can have peace and go on from there. I'm sorry about this fast, but I need to vent before I go nuts before I start making a great week. Cut a sound. Before every time somebody asked me a question, I respond with that same. Yeah. Great week sound like that. Thanks a lot Tom for sharing enough to say to your very best, but keep your religious stuff to yourself. He's doing that. That's good. Even though he would ever fairy tales you want. That's fine. Oh, maybe someday you can free your brain from all that brainwashing. Wait, did you hear this letter? And then we'll get, I'm sure a lot of people want to put names on this poll. We'll get two. We got four hours here today. Mad Dog coming up at two. All right. The Humper at the Nasdech 100 Open. I'm assuming that's a golf tournament. Okay. The tennis tournament. I don't know. I don't know. It's tennis. Oh, like I said, well, I'm glad I covered myself there. Nasdech 100 tennis. How are we supposed to know these things? I'm not a sports nerd. Hey, Clarence, you better get what they you little quiz name name. Or I'm going to have the beast cut you off. If you don't cut it out. No, what's going on in the world of sports. Hank, 4 to 6 30 if the Nasdech 100 Open tennis tournament. Maybe my good post friend Andy Roddix playing the night. You think? Who? Andy Roddix. You know Andy Roddix. Don't play stupid, okay? See, Hillary's brother? Yeah. 6 30 Panther preview and that of course is another one of those throwaway games. The Panthers at the Carolina Herkhu and seven o'clock tonight. Boy, you talk about match up made in hell. Eddie K. follows the hockey game and then over I don't talk about overnight. Now, good post personal friend my name man, the mole man. That's a movie. Five day the morning and then Joe Rosé to ten. That's our schedule. I mean man. He is, you know, there's a word for him. Not the one you're thinking. We can't say that one anymore. No, you know what the word is complex. Okay. Some people are very simple. Very, you know, he is complex. My main man, the mole man. I just, I don't know what to say about him. No, mole. You know, I think the less said the better. Which you'll notice that he and I are both kind of low. Just have this day Tom going on right now. While he and Joe are duking it out. 115 votes and we only have a few names on there, which of these allegedly beautiful people. You think is the ugliest. Sarah Jessica Parker 45 nice choice George. Peris Houghton 32 Fabio 14. So for the guy so far he's in front nice choice. Neil. J. Lowe 8. Justin Tinkerbell 6 Naomi Campbell 5 Tom Cruise 4 and Judy Roberts is only got one. Don't be picking on poor Julia. She's, she said it's up like. We are. I like that. Oh right. Hi, I'm Aaron Summers. You know what? You got me talking on the passion song. Tell me a story about how you got. I got you down. Oh my quick or what? Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Is there anything else? I'll find out. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh, oh. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with with a blacker living white? I got you down. Yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh, oh my god. I tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Well, that was magnificent. You know what? I just noticed where I feel like I'm like I'm flying a plane here or something. You know, like a mix artist 1046 and 560 WQAM all the. Weeps all the time. Jennifer Aniston from friends. I love the spelling on this. It also says go leaves go. It's obviously whoever said this fact is under a lot of stress after the Tampa game Monday or Tuesday. Whenever it had a wise Jennifer Aniston. We got it. Got it. You got it down. We got it down. Now before we start to take into the names on that, I got a lot of stuff here. This is a letter to the sun set on today's paper. And again, just like that, grow test along letter ripping me an ass and Howard Sternen asked and the some old fart in a island beach yesterday who doesn't really care about freedom of speech and doesn't understand it. He thinks it means whatever he likes and approves up. Here's Jim and for Lauderdale who writes spring break crowd leaves mess. Oh, my god. What are we going to do about that? Oh, my god. Funny daddy Jimmy says, Every morning I walk along the beach at state road A1, A and for Lauderdale and since it's spring break time and front of Howard's Johnson, I see a beach covered with piles of beer cans, plastic cups remains of picnics and just plain trash left after late night party by our undisciplined guests from college. Here we go again. Witted doubt, drive them out. I for one think at his time to stop promoting spring break here says Jimmy. Of course it means profits for the cheap hotels and bars along that area, but a lot of price to the city. How much of this spilth along with cans and plastic cups is grown under by the beach cleaning tractors? We the owners of this is the best line and they put this in the paper and his letter. My letter they wouldn't put in there but this letter they put in. We the owners of this beach will have to live with us after these kids leave. We the owners of this beach. I thought it was a public beach. Maybe that's Mr. Lauderdale. I thought of a long day everybody. What? Maybe that's Mr. Lauderdale that wrote that letter. White? We the owners of this beach will have to live with us after these kids leave. I've been led to believe that beer drinking and littering was illegal on the beach. Why aren't they monitored to see that at least the messes clean up by those who make it? Why aren't the hotels who profit from this holiday? Responsible for the cleanup says a pissed off gym. It's a disgrace to our city to see this and a drain on an already fragile economy to go behind these kids and pick up after them, much as their parents apparently do. Says Jim and Ford Latterdale, who's pissed off and fired up and writes to the Sunset to his questions, Ventima against the young, those young whippersnappers today. I got a good idea for a gym. Move. Okay. Take a hike. Get lost. Move to a great place for people like you. It's called St. Augustine. Ooh. Yeah. Where the great grandparents of the people in St. Petersburg live, St. Augustine. Even the thusler was no good enough to qualify to live there. That's a good place for a gym to be nice and quiet and peaceful. And you won't have a whole bunch of young people disturb it and drink it and routing in have it a good time. We don't want that, do we? No. Sean. What about chronic faxers, rights? I predict the Supreme Court will be unanimous in tossing out the words under God from the pledge of allegiance. No chance, Sean. No chance. The fact that five of these black rubbed could have was made George W. Bush president's self-evident that they were proof that there is no God. I used to believe in God but gave it up for length. Do the believers really want their children spiritual upbringing and the hands of the same people who brought them Pravers license bureau on IRS? Even CNN is jumping out of propaganda, bad-wagon, describing the issue with two little words. What do you mean even? They're the propaganda specialists that's their speciality of the house is propaganda. Yeah, just two little words like, mind comp, white totally, not guilty, states rights, gentlemen's agreement or final solution. I am a Washington Horace, Sean. He's good, you know what? Yes, he is. And I'm still not having lunch with you, Sean. Anyway, here's Kerry and I can't read the last two words on this. That's why I played the Ironsummer thing. You just mentioned Ironsummer's, well, with a new FCC rules, what's going to happen to, what does that say? Sex something? Let me look. At the bottom of the facts, you know, we've done one of the machine over here. Sex doctors? The sex doctors? Yeah. It's his Kerry. What is the sex doctors? Is that her new show? Sure. It's another Orlando show that they can go in Orlando show. Well, good. Got all my the Arkansas is Orlando and Tampa, why you're right at two. Now, yesterday we had a little misinformation. We don't want to have any more Katherine Harris stories on here. We don't want to make the big news there on, you know, all those right wing websites. So let's correct it here as radio and records are the ones who made the mistake, not me. Regular guys investigation remains open. Remember yesterday we had the story from R and R saying, oh well, they're not going to punish these guys anymore and they understand it was an accident. And only if the FCC makes a big stink about it, they're going to do anything else. For just what? Clear channel Atlanta, RVP slash market manager Pat McDonnell said that a report appearing yesterday's radio and records regarding the status of WKLs's regular guys morning show hosted by Larry Wax and Eric Von Hassler was erroneous. You made a mistake. As McRoyson told me to say, you made a mistake. The investigation of the events surrounding the regular guys is ongoing and being head of locally he said, when there is a decision, will they get an announcement? We'll let you know until then, to you. I was going to do a res break there, but probably I think only one a day. I'll save it for more opportunity amount. And Mel Carmesan says, infinity wants to keep Howard Stern. Countering persistent rumors that the current firestorm or controversy might force Stern to take a show to satellite radio, the Viacom President C.O.O. He's the president and CEO. He says that Stern's contract with infinity is secure. If he was interested in renewing today, I would renew it today. Carmesan tells Wall Street Journal, noting that Stern's got two years left on his current deal. Carmesan also took a shot which apparently was aimed at cheap channel for its the signature suspense during from six of its stations yesterday before radio C.E. John Hogan was sent to testify before a house subcommittee. Another company canceled Howard Show for no reason other than they were going to Washington to testify and it just didn't seem to have occurred to stand up for the program that they aired. Ultimately Carmesan believes that Stern has been lumped in with a debate over content that started with television. I think he's been a target Carmesan said, but notes, if you think about what happened, Janet Jackson happened. How do I know? That's right. Janet Jackson happened and all of a sudden those of us on radio can't say anything. Can't say squat. And, XM says proposed legislation on this series. That's how Vice President corporate communications Chan's Patterson describes the bill introduced by congressman ship Pickering and Gene Green yesterday that intervened satellite castors from offering local content via their terrestrial repeater networks as he notes that the FCC is obviously rule for satellite radio already precluded satellite castors from offering local content through their repeaters. The main rule that seems to be the issue here is the rule that requires satellite radio to deliver all programming through their satellites nationwide. That's what we do when contingent followed these rules said, Mr. Patterson. I think he's kind of sunny Patterson. The bill would also direct the FCC to review whether the traffic and whether channels offer by both said catches across the network's comply with the company's licenses, and while the FCC could theoretically ban such content, since it still has released final rules for satellite radio, Patterson believes yanking the channels would be of the service to listeners. We say yanking the channels. I don't we better pass that by clearance. There is a public interest being served by these channels. He says this is a meaningful information for consumers. So the FCC did they they're just they're out of control. They just can't stop all of themselves. Radio television satellites cable satellite radio. I mean it's just out of control. Like they're on maybe maybe some of them oxies got left over and they all pop the view. And kids not right. Okay, let's take a look at that. We'll do that after the top of the hour. And we yesterday thanks to Miss Fudge. We had a story about Simon Call and the bird, the finger. The old finger man, the bird. I thought the bird was dead. Long live the bird. He's back. People are dying all over the world. Two more American soldiers in the last two days. We got little kids who were trying to blow themselves up because they're so demented and frustrated and repressed. And what are we worried about in America? Simon Call rested his hand on his middle finger. Simon Call, the often brutally assuraged judge and Fox TV said American Adelon. Sister was an innocent posture not and have seen gesture. Now did you see the pictures? Yeah, not the pictures. They were showing it on what like entertainment tonight or something over and over and over again. The real surprise. What a shock. Contrary to suggestions he was directing an insult to fellow judge Paula Abdul by putting his middle finger to the side of his face during Tuesday's broadcast. Cowled and night flipping heard they proverbial bird on prime time TV. I certainly would never make a gesture like that toward Paula or on national television call said, sometimes I lean on my index finger, sometimes it's different finger, sometimes to with the same time or God help me even to hold hand. I never even thought about it till now. Likewise, a spokesman for the auspicious Fox broadcasting company A unit of newscorp limited. Said network sensors saw nothing offensive about cowl's hand position. Ha ha ha ha ha. Our standards and practices people look that in. Felt was a completely benign body posture. The spokesman said it wasn't a gesture. He added that the posture in question which came during their live east coast broadcast of the show from LA 2 tonight was not edited or cut out for the tape-related fee to the west coast. In any case, cowl demonstrated once again that he was hardly at the loss for words to express himself calling the performance of one contestant nauseating. Cowl and Fox were responded to queries raised after pictures of cowl with his middle finger to his face were widely circulated online by internet columnist mismatch. But misfudge was not the only person who noticed the odd head finger alignment. The FCC has received a few complaints about the incidents both from Richard Diamond and the agency typically reviews such complaints to determine if an investigation is warranted and investigation into Simon Cowl's finger. That's what worried about in America while people are dying all over the freaking world. American Idol, Yadi Adiada, I don't know what it is. Piece of crap. It is something or what? It's something. As somebody I know once said, should be our biggest problem. My amol! This is course video 560. 2AM. Sponsor of good, it's great! Clear candle XM serious and disarmaged standfire com have joined forces to form one of newly-brewed holistic broadcasting corporations. The atomic subatomic and galactic structure of what radio is today. Offering you, the ester days hits from our vast and ecumenical holy cup. Oh, yeah, he is. Well, you know where the one deterred you for the best in classic rock. Like Led Zeppelin and Pink Floyd on Power Rotating. 2AM. 2AM. Oh, a lit jar. Hello, this is Senator Sam from Kansas. Senator Brownman. I'm going to don't say my name. I took the liberty of providing a musical selection for you that I'm certain won't make that you'll join Christ. This one here. Yes, I strongly advise you play it on every available satellite channel on Continuous Loop. Hmm. Pleasure. Pleasure. Yes. And offensive too. I thought they're who are now the panel. My name is Nick. They come to come beyond the television. Asian. The Shannon and dad always wondered who are Asian having. He's an art book wall. It's my understanding. Consentated for hard linked letter. Oh, not hard, Connie. Sadly, no. But next time God speaks to me on Promise Up Put A Good Word It For. But that's well. It's yo, how long do you want this to play? Forever. Amen. Yes, sir. If you don't you ever ain't your ladies and gentlemen. Now your children are saved. Children aren't crying any longer. In your eyes. Oh. Actually, it's a gathering. I'm not going to let you down. I'm not going to let you down. I'm not going to let you down. I'm not going to let you down. Everybody. Everybody. Stay tuned for more of the same thing on one. Please. Can't. Boom. Boom. That's my job. I'm not going to let you down. I'm here. My work is done, amen. Let us work five, six, six, six, five. I'm not going to let you down. That's a official said today. They had evacuated Amsterdam's sexual station over a bomb threat. They said they were taking seriously. How do you like that? Oh my god. Central Station. A railway spokesman said train traffic in and out of the Dutch capital. I've been holding around 1230 Amsterdam times 60 this morning or time. A police spokesman said we received a bomb alert, which we're taking seriously and investigating what is the map? What is the matter he said? Another spokesman said the whole railway station had been evacuated but to find a common hub police received the threat. Yesterday a French railway worker found a bomb half buried on the main line between Paris and Switzerland. Shvites. A lot of our computers across Europe and Jordan financial markets to weeks after Blast on transit mid-Rit 1990 people. Anyway. Central Station in Amsterdam is probably not a really good place to be right now. Just the zipper down down the damwreck to that dam square. Can we say that? No. To that square. This is a great fact. Give me hope. All the way think today for the first time our audience is going to let us down. We're still 253 signatures away from 12,000. We are 11, 7, 47 on stop at CC.com. That's not acceptable. While Michigan is going but Anna's not taking one second. Are you guys sitting on your ass again? Although, some people say, oh gee, what do you want? You live at thousands of people go on there to last week and have a lot. You know what? Not good enough. Not good enough. Get off your lazy ass. Get to your little PC there. It's when it does tap it out. It takes just a few seconds of your life. I've heard of you. I do something constructive to make you feel like you're accomplished something today. Besides just picking your nose. Todd and Detroit says, Long time listener first time facts are used to listen back to the WIOD days when I would in Florida. Anyway, now listen on the internet. Thanks Todd. In the morning I listen to June Mike on WRIF 101F M Detroit. What are you going to do? Detroit's outstanding FM stations for 100 years. That's the station that they used to not take any years ago. It wouldn't take any record commercials all the spots were live. Okay. Is that incredible or what? What's the logic there? I don't know. Well, it was an underground station. Anyway, Todd says after hearing about the $500,000 personal fine they can get for certain words. I sent, do you and Mike and email about stopfcc.com. They hadn't mentioned the sights instead of going up. I mentioned it six or seven times in the night out of the show today after my email. And look at that now. We're getting all kinds of response from me. She's getting nice going. And that's what all you people ought to be doing. The rush people, the stern people, the whoever. ought to be emailing and calling all of those people on their whoever audience of any size and saying, hey, give us a little plug for this. Just a few plugs is all we need. Or maybe if these people have their own websites, they could on your website. Or just stick it. Right? Somewhere. WB faxed and says maybe Jim the pissed off beach resident to direct his iratt-high zaga the rest of the sports moguls who have state even built with bed tax dollars. Those bed tax dollars that are part and parcel of tourists total or medical bills since he read his use of all these dollars, Wayne can send some of the employees out of the beach for clean up duty and make them happy. And how about moral street prelist? Oh, that's good. Good choice. She is you glee. You know, I think you're all streep. Yeah. You think I think that, I mean, this is she really supposed to be beautiful. I've never heard anyone accuse her out there. Yeah, but probably somebody would. Somebody might. This is a good one. Jackie Johnson. You know, it's not spelled right. Jackie's Johnson. PS. We love the show by solve our day. Go buy with a smile. Nice go. Thank you. I concur. Don't keep face. All right. Let's take some calls on the phoneers for other pull. Which in these allegedly beautiful people do you think is the absolute ugliest Sarah Jessica Parker 107 per cell and 70 Fabio 31 just in Tinkerbell the F and Fabio by the way, stands for fair. Just in Tinkerbell 21, J low 19 Tom Cruise 10, Julia Robertson Naomi Kavoldine, Jennifer Aniston one. So we got so far, but we'll have more. WQM. Hello. Good morning, sir. Buenos dias. How about a couple of things first for the poll. How about the mouth. Christina Aguilera. Oh man. Put down that cheese please. She is neither beautiful nor the shavany challenge. No, I know she had. What was that one video she did? She had one great video. I can't think of what it was. Beautiful. Beautiful. That was a wonderful. It was pretty good. That's not right. She's pretty marginal. Yeah. The other thing is, I don't know if anybody knows this, but move on. The other thing is, I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't know if anybody knows this. I don't want to use the site. We might get for our stop at CC. You put me down for 200 for yours. Excellent. And the other thing is, I was been from me to calling it for what. It's the individual who called you last year around the Sun. Yeah, I almost said the word A whole. That I wonder how he, how well he thinks that the cheap gas that our kids are are sacrificing their life and limbs are. Yeah, the ones. Right. Thanks Mr. President for that cheap gas. Record highs again by the way. Record high prices. It's going to go higher man. Yeah. I'm at the transportation industry. And I just saw a list of upcoming fuel prices. And they're talking about probably as much as $250 to $3 a gallon and Florida for the summer. How many of you say? $3. All right sir. I got a lot of money. Hang in there. See at the old pump. Oh my God. Can we say pump? No. If you old. Corral. Did you dump on he said that I did. I knew you would. I didn't. I didn't. But he said the house is going. I didn't say that. Well, that's pretty juvenile. But we got to do it because we don't want to get. We don't want to get deaf and clearance in trouble. Come to QAM. Hello. I got an eat. I got an eat. You're okay. I got a little bit of a personal message. He named someone we never heard of before and pretty sure it was a friend. It was very funny to him. Oh, sorry. That's right. QAM. Hello. Yes sir. Do you hear about your appearance on NPR yesterday? No. I was listening to the hearings and they had the broken with it. Emergency broadcast in that work and had that tone going. All of a sudden your voice came on. The guy in the background was listening to you. Your show while he was talking. And I heard about 30 seconds to your show. I'm turning man. I don't understand. In other words, an audio got on that wasn't supposed to be on. Yeah. Your show's audio for 30 seconds was on NPR. Well, that's great. I finally got an action audience. All right. For 30 seconds. Allegedly. Well, what do you do when you deal with a deal we like normal can't, you know? What a dullard. You know, obsessed with thagotry and baseball. That's all he knows in baseball cards and being an overgrown child and all of that stuff. I'm your entier. And that's in this from an ego standpoint. I just know that you can see in the response that we've gotten here with several thousand in just a week. If I was on like 20 stations in major markets across the country just for a week, it's all it would take. We'd have the million signatures. Right. Right. No doubt about it. No doubt about it. That's why I'd like to know. You know, see, Stearns not really worried about being canned. This martyr business. I mean, here, the carmissing comes out today and says, if he wants to resign for more time. Well, as many years as he wants, we resound today. He's not in any danger of getting canned by infinity. They've stood by him all through the years. Millions and millions of dollars and fines they pay to keep money because he's their cash cow. He's the guy that made them what they are today. So he has got nothing to lose. Why doesn't he go on the air and promote this? They're the way he ought to be doing instead of his 85,000 different websites with a bunch of knuckleheads on there. Talk in crap. That that's what really frost my answer about him. All ego and, you know, and great. It all those people who vote against Bush, but of course you'll have to drive into the polling place because they'll ever find it themselves and make the X form. Wow. It's just, it's really tragic. And the same with Rush, you know, talks to good game and boy, I don't have to agree with the Howard Sturd on this, even though I've never listened to a show above, above, above, above, and what they're coming after him and are going to be after me. Well, so put your money where your mouth is, okay. You must have a few bucks left over after Wimma closed down shop. Come on, Rush, get with it. You right wing lunatic. You're funny. Now, that's saying it to be funny. Why not? Why not? These conservatives have the ones who are supposed to be in the get and government off our classic example of a chance for these white wingers to prove that they, you know, to bring it. Bring it. But another 13 at QAM. Pomono Park racing in poker is having a free concert. This come and said are they March 27 featuring the Beatles tribute band, the Cameron, and the Buddy Holly tribute band, Ray Vaughan. The free concert kids send away at 7 o'clock each group of informed two seats during the night. And there's free admission for general parking like always at Pompeo Park. Come here. The great Beatles song you love, live and concert with a Cameron's George. What is it? Cameron's George Van Dyke is Paul McCartney. Ray Vaughan and their tribute to Buddy Holly will feature the hits Peggy Sue and it's so easy to fall in love. It's so easy. This is written so poorly, Steve, both that it's just astonishing to me, unlike your usual fabulous job. But best of all is that this concert is totally free. This Saturday night, March 27 at Pompeo Park racing in poker, come for the free concert featuring the Beatles and Buddy Holly sing tribute bands. All free this Saturday starting at 7pm, located just to have Ma from both 95 and the concert in Pike. Pompeo Park racing in poker is easy to get to invest of all the poker room is open from noon to midnight and live racing starts 7 o'clock in the PM every night except what? Sunday and Thursday and no and Tuesday. No. Pompeo Park and Black Sabbath at Landing Potomite on Power. I'll offer it so be there too tonight. He'll be there anytime that they let him in. A Black Sabbath at Landing Potomite on Powerline Road for the currations schedule called 950-549-722-000 or go on web at pompropark.com. Aish Watson Grove but thank the Supreme Court, hey homosex, you'll get ready to deport a homosex, you'll get judgment day. Can't for your plans, so you let's be it. Cause there's no way for a gay wedding. No. Why not try a spading? No. We land. Aish Watson Grove to forget San Francisco. Aish Watson Grove to let man marry man. You think you got what you want but now they're all going to burn mine. It's a big mission, why did he write stones? It's a bad day, won't let's be it. Cause that's no way for a gay wedding. No. We're not having a chance to fall for gay. We're not having a gay wedding. You're not having a gay wedding. You're not having a gay wedding. You're not having a gay wedding. I don't know. The sun is one of them. From the Brit's son and he says, oh man, that's just, I can't say what thing he's talking about. You'll have to use your imagination. I don't think we're going to make it to 12,000 by 2 o'clock. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. Look at this. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. Why did he cry? Anyway, let's see. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I don't want to tell you why. I look like a cross between free mercury and Billy Bob Thornton. I'm here to tell the world that I'm back with an all new show I simply call in oats. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you why. I said banana. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I don't know. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I can't get on it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't understand. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. They provided headline that will be too bad of knowing. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.