560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show. To talk to Neil, dial 567-0560 in dating power. Neil, he's called toll-free at 877-75. He's got 3.15 for writing ways. He's called call for free by dialing Prom 560. The Penies Express by Neil has guessed her college to now represent those under the way I'm Spanish minstethers sponsors. No, the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM. I'm dying and I'm the hair. Never watched his hair or seem to have a care combain. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up dirt. Co-bain. Why finger from his chin? Doing heroin co-bain. Why have no luck? Never, but I was hot. And now it's Kirk, they ain't got co-bain. He got hazy, goodbye, and he died co-bain. Made a million and hour never took a shower co-bain. He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit co-bain. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge with my thing co-bain. That's a loomin. So if you're filled with doubt don't take Kurt's way out co-bain. He got hazy, goodbye, and he died co-bain. Well, we'll see. We're going to have a whole Kirk co-bain story under the airway for least 10, 15 seconds. Lovely. Because Kirk co-bain was murdered, maybe, or maybe not. How much he enlores and he might have done it, you know? It's a morse. It might have actually come. He might still have been alive like they say. And maybe he was afraid the Kirk co-bain was going to take his place in rock and roll history. And maybe to seek that be out of his brain, you think? Maybe. Speaking of people getting their blame out of the blaze, Brown out. 21 coalition troops dead in the last three days. The beginning of the show, we bring it to bad news if we did. Try to get out of the way. And of course, the mainstream media that, I'll actually talk about on CNN right now, which is about time. It's worth it though. U.S. troops battle Iraqi Urella's today on the edges of Falugia, which hundreds of Marines and Iraqi troops have surrounded in the major operation, to pacify one of Iraq's most violent cities. The military reports now five Marines killed in that area. The Americans were killed by hostile fire Monday, bringing to five the number of Marines killed that day. So that's 10. And you can't even keep counting anymore. In northern Baghdad's Kazamiya district, three U.S. soldiers were killed on them as the first armor division. So the bottom line is 21 more in the last three days. And the death just continues, but like you said, El Presidente tells us it's worth it. Yeah, and June 30, it don't forget, June, but third man. That's going to be the day we're going to hand over the keys of the kingdom, and they're going to say, All right, we got everything under control. Aren't they? No. Chaos. On a much brighter note, behind the B.D. curtain today, if you're over the age of 100. Yeah. And if you got 55 pieces of ID, and if all your relatives will sign where their lives to you, you might be able to take a peek. And you keep your eye on John Ascroft. And his photo one here because his eyes continue moving. Those B.D. eyes of his. So be sure you have your hands above the encounter when you've clicked on our roof thing. We got Natasha hand-strips today. Very nice. Natasha was born in Springdale, Newfoundland, Canada, A in 1974, which makes her, God third man, and raised in Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. At the age of 14, she left home to begin her modeling career in the highly competitive Paris fashion world. She landed her first cover on French Cosmopolitan, when she was only 15, and it's since Grace the cover is of many international fashion magazines. She also appeared in commercials for products, such as Lady Stetson, oil of O.A. Can we say that oil of O.B. And old Spice, which, based on our talking model, Spice is before the show. That's the new fragrance that the crow is wearing now. Yeah, no more French perfume. No more that the cash-mirror bouquet crap. You must be up in the world. The crow's got their really heavy duty stuff now. How about you, M and Meeb, Trobe, Meeb, the gulp. Okay, but now pass. Anyway, now she lives in L.A. Natasha, and she divides time between the two coasts, continues to be in demand as a model while pursuing a blossoming career as an actress. And if you check the picture out, she appears to be blossoming nicely. Yes, Natasha, I want to reward for a best kiss in a movie. And that's something. When I was the MTV 96 movie, Awards Best Kiss in a movie, Species was the movie with Species Coaster, Anthony Guadetta. You know who that is? No. I don't know either. You'll know who Natasha is when you take a peek at our B-Deev curtain today, and again, you must have several pieces of ID. Now, we got a big opening day today for tomorrow, and let's hear for those marlins, which we love the big time on this show right now, which we are getting paid by the pounded day, because we got zaxed and we're a Josh Cordin, usually since, because Josh is out there holding Dave and Boring's hand at the ballpark. Good morning, Josh Cordin's yesterday said Dave and Boring is living up to his name, Big Time. Now, what he said? Something like that. I don't want to create a problem from out there, but he thinks so, Van Boring is just terminal and he's right. Well, I mean, we can't look. We can't like every bit up to who we like. Right? We like blue, a lot. Right? Yep. We love Boogal. He's a little bit rock and rolly. Hey, it's a high-end outside, for ballad and a little rock and rolly, but he's great. And I don't know why he didn't take the job with a mess. Wouldn't you take the job with a mess if he really was off in that job? I don't know. I'm not sure if it was as good as this one. But he'd be by that. Because I think there's they have a three-man booth instead of a two-man booth. So he'd be getting all set up. Oh, and on. You wouldn't rather with his talent and his future. You wouldn't rather be doing in New York in a big apple as opposed to a horse ball, a horse and buggy place like South Florida, which they got 60,000 screaming thones going to be there today. And tomorrow there probably would be seven or eight thousand. I got one word for you. One money. Yeah. So there's more money in the village got here. I have to watch your saying. Wow, I mean, short term money is not the long term fix. Oh, sorry, Zach. Hey. Anyway, here's the right. Anybody by the way, welcome to Zach to our show. He's sitting on that side today and tomorrow is going to be sitting where the business is sitting right now. So make a nice big indentation there for him. He'll feel comfortable. He'll fit right in. Try to break in the seats. Yeah, break it, break it in the seat. Anyway, here's the pull result about the marlins that we took yesterday. It's pretty looking pretty good for David Samson, doesn't matter of fact. See, let's look at the glass being very full like the ball park today. And then after we're going to say, We did it. Yeah, over and over again. We can say. We did it. We did it. How much do you care about the marlins? It's opening day. Oh, right. Not at all zero, not a 570, 30.30. That was my vote and being honest. I'm not going to be a phony like so many of you people. I'm not a baseball fan. And if I wore a baseball fan, I'd start probably still be a Marlin fan. I like the marlins. Okay. I'm just to put baseball. Makes me nauseous. You're on a market. And it's boring. Which you admitted yesterday. I did not. It's because you're rich. I'm not. And it's boring. Which you admitted yesterday. I didn't know. It's because you're a red socks fan. Oh, and also guess what starts tomorrow night. And I'm replaced tomorrow's the first playoff series. And each else stand in the cup. And if we want to not be going at it tomorrow night, in Boston. There you go. At least I'll have a full crowd for an act in. Talk about attendance, man. They just don't draw flies. And I'm a fleets center. I think they should have stayed in the garden. Don't you? Yeah, with the obstructed views. Well, I had listened. But at least they used to pack it. They were packing it in there. Which I think since they made it legal. They had moved to the fleets center. And you can't safely end them a center no more either because they knew go to jail. Anyway, 572 almost 31% said they don't care at all about the Marlins. Which I think is just disgraceful even though it's true. I'm a fan. I go to a few games. 487. A little bit. They care a little bit. 440. In other words, enough to watch a couple of pitches here. A couple of other channels surfing. Oh, there I'll watch for happening. A lot. I'm a huge fan. Honest 238 only 12.8%. And I'm a baseball fan. But not a Marlin fan, which we added belatedly. We should have had that on the beginning. 113 or 6%. So actually, if you take away not at all or I'm a fan of another team, you got about 37%. I mean, 63% almost 2.3. It's you turt. Say that they care at least a little bit. Which I think is something, right? Right. If you look at it from a positive viewpoint. Right. They may not care like a whole lot. They're a whole bunch of people that care enough to be there today. But then tomorrow they'll find, oh, we don't have any money. We can't come back again. Because it's not happening. I still, I mean, I know I'm way out on the limit. I'm on this one. Everybody also understands it. And I've been a baseball fan since I was a little kid, which I'm not anymore. Either one. But I just, the opening day thing just leaves me limp. It's a holiday man. Everyone around here is festive. It's a holiday. It's a well plus it is Easter week. And it's a pace-off week. And in fact, you can go out to the stadium and break bread or break moths. Whichever you choose, I'll depending upon your poison. Yeah. And all you orthodox Jews in Brooklyn quit burning the bread and those fires there. They are weathered. They claim a weather in the wind and everything has been blown. The fires all around them. They've been catching catches on their deadlocks as a matter of fact. And their bagels and deadlocks. Not a good idea. I guess you can't eat like regular bagels doing pace-offs. Can you? No. Sorry. So they're burning their bread and bagels. And these big, uh, barrels, I guess? Right. I never heard of that before. Did you? No. Did you hear that? Let's see. We got three pats Jews on the show today. I think this is pretty, you said we got a nice short two-hour show. Uh, let me give you today's pool right off the bat because we don't have a lot of time. We don't have too much time to dittle around the day. Can I say that? No. Too much time to f*** around. And we got a whole new bunch of, uh, thanks to Boca Brian, uh, bleeps. Yeah, great. In other words, little drop-in. So if there's a word we can't say, we can say, hey, we're having a really, a bit of time today. Yeah. And then in honor of, uh, for real, we got, we got that. Too bad he ain't gonna be at the ballpark right? Given away, although we don't need him today. To give away thousands of tickets to fill up sections like he used it. So that everybody can go out and, uh, Of course, next time it comes back in a town, uh, Zach will be out there at the ballpark passing out free goodies to everybody. All little kids. I can't tell you what going on. We're going to be. Anyway, uh, here's today's pool. Based on all that's happened. Well, listen, no play me for that. Zach, that was the Beast yesterday. Said you got a drug problem. Drug problem. Based on all, it's just a joke. Don't get all up tight now like George. Last thing we need Georgia's on vacation this week. We don't need another uptight unhappy camp or nerds. A festive day. It's the holidays now. It's, uh, expose Namarlans at, uh, 120. The pre game at 1245. And well, nothing's perfect. So we got Joseph Gackie at the statement noon. What? Can you imagine listening to Joseph Gackie and the Dave and boring on the same day? Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man, that is something. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Talk about a smooth face to the ballpark. Anyway, let's get serious. That was the Beast snoring you do know that. Yeah, it is me. That was a beautiful thing. That was actually for real. Anyway, based on all that's happened, what's your current take on a war in Iraq? Especially with all these dead bodies. Now it's getting to be really grotesque and getting to be unwealed. And the nasty. I supported 100%. I think it had to be done what was poorly planned. I'm not sure yet. Over, uh, what does that say? Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the birth crowd. It was based on lies or it was based on lies and Bush would be impeached. I think we covered all the bases, didn't we? Yeah. Let me read the choices again. Based on all that's happened, what's your current take on a war in Iraq? I supported 100%. I think it had to be done what was poorly planned. I'm not sure yet. Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd. It was based on lies or it was based on lies and Bush would be impeached. Oh. Those are your choices. On today's fantastic, very scientific poll. 12 minutes after 10 at 560, WQ and don't forget Kurt Cobain will be our guest. Okay. Oh, and guess what else we got, thanks to Boca Bryant. What? Remember how the goddess Randy on Iran Merck had the NATO run? I remember that? Okay, sure. That wasn't the right guy. Jimmy Carter made a statement to the other day about. I mean, I'm not playing it because first of all that would be bad. It would kill some time. But that we got that too, just for a rainy day. Sure. Spring of the savings right now would save like never before on a great new car. Truck from Armstrong, Toyota of Homestead, you'll find him on US-120 minutes out of the 836. And Armstrong Toyota Homestead's worth to drive to save lots of cash on great new Toyota's We're talking thousands and savings. Check out these great lease prices. An old four camera or four hundred just 260 nine a month for 48 months. How about an old four highlander, you pay only 309 a month. Need to truck. How about an old four Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in America. You pay only 179 a month for 48 months. Tump change. These are just some of the great savings going on right now. At Armstrong Toyota Homestead, General Manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today. They want to cut your deal. So experience for yourself the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference. Both of them are not ready to come into a hundred percent customer satisfaction too. The service departments open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done. And on right hand, it's easy to get there. The US 1 in 2 93rd and Homestead just 20 minutes out of the 86th. Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life. You heard right tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else does that. So don't waste your time with those mega dealers or car giants who over promised an under deliver and get you the dealership under some phony song in the dance. Do the smart thing called David Rich to GM and Armstrong Toyota Homestead right now. For an unbeatable deal called 305 24232 47 305 24232 47. Grab a little and save a lot. Thousands on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota Homestead. The company has just scored 205. You way out. No. I'm a man. Mani Ramirez. Brotha Evyou out. Thrall the E B fundo broke on radio.해� timelines. A crowd. Mani Ramirez Detachen. You're gonna have to go. No, that's it. No, you're gonna go. You're gonna go. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. I'll bring you up in. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Go, go. Wow, wow. Alright, sogroke that shit. Nice. Okay. Going up there. Found a get on our way back. There have been idiot probis. Don't forget to leave the register. Find out. Oooh, dude. Super nice. Okay. I financed. He went on hismeet for a week, he went on a Saturday night. Here. Oh, right now. That's a great shot. Yeah, never forgot. gear, uh, skipy has his own shirts, evidently that say skipy. Oh no, special for opening day. Talk about phony's man. What a bunch of freaking phony's the whole town. But I will say this and I said this to be for the show. I mean this, the fact is going to be probably close to 60,000 people there for this opening day today. Uh, and that's just a front running phony aspect which I've for the famous for, but this week when there's a lot of people out of town. I mean, there's uh, nobody around. Kids are about a school in Broward, right? I don't know about Dave, but Broward kids are about a school. Right. And, uh, you got your Easter week and the Pesach week and all of these things. And so there are a lot of people who are gone. So the fact that there are 60,000 people there now on the other hand, the kids are out of school, right? Right. So what else are you going to do? Keep them off the street. I mean, Zach don't have enough drugs to supply to all those kids. So at any rate. But he will be at the game tomorrow and be a sparse or cry. You never know. Isn't that what Broward used to do with the crowd? What? What? What's on the good stuff? I don't know. Don't start picking on Torferwell. Okay, he's having a tough time up in there in Atlanta. I hear a show is so terminally boring now because he can't do his thing, you know? What does he do then? Uh, talk about what happens when somebody opens up their car and then's your car door things like that. Oh, no, seriously, that's what Duff told me. He, as she was monitoring. 48 votes so far on a poll. Now that's pretty weak for it's been up there a couple of minutes. We should have a hundred already. Based on all that's happened. What? Well, look, we got 21 more dead coalition troops over their last three days in Iraq. What's more important? Friday or dead bodies, right? Opening day. I mean, dead bodies are where time it doesn't lately. You know, bodies are kids and body bags. That's a small potatoes. But opening day baseball. Oh, yeah, we're talking. Have you do this especially on QAM? We're all we know from his sports. In fact, I got some really cute, I think Clarence did a couple of these. You're working nice as voice on some of these drop-ins here at Vokobarance. Oh, Lord. Yeah, that was guilty. Oh, Lord. For the real jelly fans out there, we got this one. I like a lot. Oh, these are great. That's Vokobarance man. Put them away before it's too late. 48 votes. You're based on all that's happened. What's your current take on a war in Iraq? It was based on lies. Bush would be in Pete's 39. That was my vote. I think it had to be done. But was poorly planned. Five. It was based on lies. Three. Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd one. I'm not sure yet zero. And I supported 100% zero so far. That was you call your overwhelming support. So far in this crowd. Now the good news for this audience. Since they all of a sudden, I have no idea where this concern for my health came from yesterday. Because they had really die. You know, die, retire, something like that. Right. Yesterday they took a sudden turn for my health. Your drink and all that diet soda. And so they convinced me out on a lie because I'm easy, I guess. I have no sales resistance to quick, quick and all that die, coke. That caffeine-free die, coke because it's got ass for 10 minutes. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. Like I said, it's got pertainment. There we can't see ass. So I got my candid drug club soda here right now, which is a compromise. I had that drink whole bunch of that flat water you were talking about yesterday, Naya or something like that bottle of water. And it has no kick to it. I'm sure that being a fat cow. I mean, a guy of good taste. I'll understand what I'm saying. You don't drink plain flat water, do you? I love seltzer. Sust, either you go a seltzer. That's a ju-thing. They're freshly drained, pays off. Nothing like one of the famous years ago when getting, we put a bottle of seltzer on every table. Did you know that? But you didn't know that. Being the punks that you are. The famous on Washington Avenue, man, it was the greatest restaurant in the history of South Florida. They had the big jars, the big things of pickles and the, oh man, the fried crap lock. It was unbelievable. Let's go. And on every hill, let's go on every table. We put a bottle of seltzer water. I'm talking about like real luck in a real deli. It was great. Anyway, I'm drinking water now that I'm not drinking anymore. That's so okay. So it just relax all those people of the economy yesterday and the guy who was plugging his bottle of water there. That was shame. The alkaline water. Yeah. It's alkaline. You know something, listen, I made it this far and, uh, case aras aral. Okay. All of a sudden, they're going to save my pathetic whole life. Let's see. Another for the pool, get serious now and finish the war. No more than Americans as somebody. Redlands Jim. No more. Okay. I think we got enough there on a pool of the show, which I don't think Zack knows how to add stuff on the pool anyway. Oh, do you. Ha ha ha ha. Well, Josh Cordish is out there trying. He's taken the no-do's out today van Boing at the ballpark. It'd be embarrassing to fall asleep during your broadcast on opening day. I mean, any other day when people don't care, it's, it's one thing, but the fall asleep. So Dave van Boing has Josh Cordish there, like, slap him on a back to keep him awake. During the game. That's what I've been told his job is out there. Something like that. Yeah. Look at that. Now the votes are coming in. Now they're tripling 83 say it was based on lies and Bush would be impeached. Absolutely correct. I don't have 115 at 72.1%. We want to end by the way. Let me give you that good website again for that crowd. In case you haven't checked it out. If I have it, it's called impeached central dot com all one word impeached central dot com. It even has a thing for you to sign their petitions. Again, I apologize that stop at CC dot com. It wasn't really a big deal for a lot of effort to sign those petitions. And hopefully Scott will get a couple hundred thousand and he'll send him off and get something done. But we just don't know who Scott is. We don't have a last name. I'm not going to raise any money for a cause that we don't know. Yeah, you're almost saying it just does make sense. Right. Because he could like get hit by a bus god forbid tomorrow in the middle man hat and somewhere. And we never see Scott again. And what happened to those signatures? So you have to have a little more control over campaign if you're going to be involved. In addition, which I'm still waiting to see the big shots. Oh, it's bigger than that. Yeah, speaking of my second powers again, infinity broadcasting is reportedly about to be hit with a fine more than a hundred thousand dollars for a show by Howard Stern. And this is a new one. Broadcasting in cables has the fine would be the first one involving Stern. It'll hit the broadcaster with the separate fine for each indecent utter one string program. Broadcasters were previously hit with a single fine. No matter how many times the program crossed the line, but the FCC with their obnoxious the psychotic behavior these days, put broadcasters on notice light last year. They would now face possible multiple fines on the same program. Maybe about 30 man whole bunch. The current maximum fine 27,500 for each instance. So it's to be obscene, but that fine is led it against each stationary. Michelle. So they don't say exactly what the fine is going to be, but more than a hundred grand against infinity as the fines just keep rolling in. And you know, and what Nell Carmer's in says, oh, we're fine. It's really small to pay this to them. Here's the fact that says here's one way to think of Condy's testimony, which is coming up 30 day by the way. She's one of the actual terrorists going out of witness. And my sense is she's going to tell a bunch of lies that seem shocking and implicate bush to the point of making him seem incompetent and experienced. Then she's going to take the fall. Oh man. That's up to look forward to who would want to see Condy Lisa take the fall. It says in a whole and a world where somebody is always the blame. It was all her fault. She should have known. We're all going to think, what a bunch of incumbent. Any, what this goes on and on and on. They're going to blame a black chick. Then we'll offer good to happen. It says no, we're not going to forget. You're into that. Nobody's going to forget especially is the body count continues mounting and mounting and mounting. And before you know, it's going to be 700. Then it's going to be 900. Then it's going to be over 1000. So I can't leave was on last night. Larry King did a really poor job. So it didn't seem all that animated. Puzzle was passed his bedtime. But he was on with Larry last night talking about how this is a Vietnam all over again. It's George W's Vietnam. And he's right. We're in a quagmire. But anyway, we don't want to get too depressing and more. But do we not on opening day? Right. Yeah. Because that would be un-American. I mean, you got Maddie Bell in there running around. Like some kind of a clown. Now, what's the story? I guess Miguel is probably squeezed my tickets pretty. Time. I guess so. When my Marlon tickets, because it would seem to me, it would have been really nice if they would have like a mail them to my home or done something like that. So that they wouldn't be just laying around a building like that. But Ray Perry, he's got bigger fish to fry. I'm sure 26 past 10. 560 QAM. My life in local. We're sports radio 560 QAM. And now, here's Kamikolali, the former Iraqi Minister of Information. With today's health update. Good news. There is no such thing as SARS. You'll cowardly American infidels have nothing to fear. That's why leaving health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing China and literally turn up of the restrooms at the local walking clinics. Also, a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you. So, smoke a few gather in America. With today's health update, I'm Mohammed Saeed Al Sahaf. May God roast your stomachs in hell. Stay tuned to this station for more updates from the Iraq's Minister of Information. I wonder he lies as much as the Bush-Mister. Do you think orders Ralph Nader look at that? Oh, dude. He failed to make the Oregon ballot. That's good news. That's exciting news. I'm a static deerate. Fail to make the ballot. No, we're going to. Fail to make the ballot. No, hold back to other states. I'm good, man. Like Florida would be good. Keep them off of there. When it doubt Toss's ASHA, his crusty old ass. Man, talk about an idiot. Anyway, 180-id votes based on all that's happened. What's your current take on a war in Iraq? It was based on lies in Bush-Mister B. And Peach to 140. 74.4%. Look at that. Clinton and Ewan announced Chief Drug Initiative. There's Bubba. 50% or more. And will you certain drugs who safety has been? Amazing. How like presidents at when they leave office, then they start doing wonderful things like Jimmy Carter and the Bubba. Right. Did any rate? They went peace prizes. Probably a whole bunch of good numbers. It was based on lies this war 14. I supported 100% a dozen. The dirty dozen. I think it had to be done but was poorly planned. Another dirty dozen. Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush-Grow 10. And I'm not sure yet three. They're waiting till the death count gets up to least 2, 3000. And I'll say, well, maybe this one's such a good idea. Spick it a dead people, Kurt Cobain. So you forgot to remind me to talk about that. Who's probably ought to take a call or two, even though we have only a two hour show and I'm thinking to myself, this two hour deal is the way to go. Oh, right. Two hours. It's the management. The most three. I think I need to get normal. Can't to renegotiate my whole deal with a son. Four hour show is ridiculous. I mean, you know, once upon a time back in the day, that I guess was fine. But that's pass A, right? Right. Who else does four hours in this station? No one. All etiquay. That's about etiquay only on certain days, but many days he does only a couple. Right? Well, if there's a late game. It's a late game. It's around on the west coast. He's on like for about a half an hour and whatever. Plus that's late at night. Late night people like my overnight guys. They work like from midnight to five. Sometime midnight to six overnight. The graveyard shift. Okay. Right. And etiquay quite frankly is a nice guy, but that gambling stuff. That's good for people on the graveyard. But at any rate, I think three hours would be fine. On me, 10 to one. Man dog one to four. The hump are four to seven. Right? It's a rare match. It's not going to do three hours. A big report. Manage will not do three hours. How do you know that? Because he loves it to our lunch break. Does he really? How about? Let me just suggest this to you. No, I got no idea. Well, we'll work on that. Maybe tomorrow we'll take a poll on which QAM schedule do you like the most. The one that leaves off Moe, I think. I absolutely want these two guys like the most. By the way, it's interesting to Mason Zach is there. Did they ever want to get him involved in this controversy? But Zach, remember he was leaving Moe show as one of the producers in the Moe, how our David in Morning Show because it has busy life in his schedule and so on. It's amazing to me that he's on a Joe Rochow, which is only eight to ten just a little bit later on in the morning. Right. And why is that? What? Okay, now anyway, give him back to Kurt Cobain. I'll say that for tomorrow when you're sitting where the beast is. I want to rip you an ass today because it's opening day baby. Barland's host of Montreal exposed. You're going to expose the weakness of Montreal. They're going to kick some ass right there at P.P. Park. 60,000 screaming, phony faming fans are going to be waving their banners. And we love the marlins. It's great because we got off an Oscar. I'm happy to make the playoffs again. The heat even though they're in a playoffs. I mean, it's just a crap deal. Come on, the heater like the Marlins last year, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's such a crappy league. You can be under 500 make the playoffs, which is pretty embarrassing, if you ask me. And the dolphins, of course, well, we know they still got J.Feelers. And they're feeling good, you guys. So it's going to be really weak. Like Wayne High is inca is going to be called Mulligan, the Marda Bitches ass out. Not about anything specific, just out of in general, you know, just out of general principle. So here's a good website, cobancase.com. Okay, you got it? Okay. Cobancase1ward.com. Kurt Cobain left a drug rehab center in Marineville, right California, April 1, 1994, no fooling. You, maybe this was just a April Fool's Doke, you think? No. And was later reported missing as you probably know he was found dead just seven days later. So the anniversary, the 10th anniversary is coming up very, very soon, which is why this week everybody's talking about Kurt Cobain. Anyway, this thing is by a gun named Tom Grant, who did this investigation. He's a California state license, private investigator, former detective with the LA County Sheriff Department. April 3, 1994, he was hired by Courtney Love to locate her husband after he left the drug rehab center in Marineville, right California. Ms. Love stayed in LA. Oh, she just admitted by the way to do an oxy cotton. She got the leftover from Wilma that Rush can't use this week. Ms. Love stayed in LA while the Tom Grant, who to see able to search for Cobain with his best friend, Dylan Carlson. In fact, Carlson and Tom had been in the Cobain residence, 94 Kurt's body was discovered in the room of the garage. You're following this now? Yep. He says the police immediately concludes suicide. Wasn't so sure neither was Rosemary Carroll, Courtney Love's own entertainment attorney. Ms. Carroll was also a close friend of both Courtney and Kurt. Something was wrong here. Terribly wrong. Says Tom Grant. After several months of intensive investigation, including dozens of taped interviews with Cobain's closest friends and family members, are we to conclusion that Courtney Love and Michael DeWitt, the male nanny who lived at the Cobain residence, were involved in a conspiracy that resulted in the murder of Kurt Cobain. It appears this was not the first attempt on Cobain's life by Courtney Love. It was, however, the first two succeed. I guess it only takes one. Perhaps it's the seeds, right? I can have several failures, but if one could see that's what Robert Blake said. It only takes one. In December of 94, Tom began speaking publicly about these suspicious circumstances surrounding Cobain's death. A tense to inform the public about this case of a met with physical threats as well as threats of legal action against anyone in the media who gives Tom Grant a platform. How do you like that? That sounds suspicious. Motivated by profit rather than truth, Courtney Love and a return is of taken drastic measures, and an effort to keep the public from learning the true facts of this case in spite of all their hot air, this investigation has received coverage in hundreds of major magazines, TV and radio talks show around the world. How come we never talked about this before? I don't know. You are aware of this? I've never heard of it before. Before. Oh, like last week. As I predicted, it says Tom Grant, when I first began speaking out no legal action's been taken against myself or anyone in the media's cover to story, the pathetic cowards of this world can only blow smoke once they've been exposed. They run and hide. The events surrounding the death of Kurt Cobain are filled with lies, contradictions in logic and countless inconsistencies. You're not excited? Here's to some of what you were never told. Courtney Love was facing a divorce. Kurt was in a process of leaving Seattle and his wife Courtney when he was found dead. Courtney knew Kurt wanted out of the marriage, as weeks prior to his death, he asked one of her attorneys to get the meanest, most vicious divorce lawyers she could find. Someone was using Kurt's credit card. One of Kurt's credit cards was missing when his body was discovered. Someone was attempting to use the missing credit card after Cobain died, but the ten stop on his body was discovered. Cobain was in fur of his life. The shotgun found that the scene was purchased before Cobain left for rehab in Los Angeles. Not after he fled that we have as reported my missing form media sources, the shotgun was fully loaded with three shells. It was purchased and loaded for protection, not suicide. The police planned there were no eligible fingerprints on his shotgun. The truth is the shotgun was not even checked for fingerprints, but nearly a month after Cobain's body was found. You're putting all these pieces of the puzzle together, got it? You don't need to be Sherlock Holmes to figure this one out. There was no suicide note. The note found that the scene by the police was immediately unable to say suicide note, but this note was not addressed to Kurt's wife and daughter as it says nothing about killing himself. Then it was clearly written to Cobain's fans telling him he's quitting the music business. There was only a short footnote to Courtney and Francis, and the handwriting contained in those lines has been questioned by several handwriting experts. Courtney had another note she kept in secret. Courtney was in possession of a second note after Kurt's body was found. She didn't tell anybody about the second note till several months later when information about his flip-up during interview with Rolling Stone magazine. The second note the one that Courtney kept in secret clearly defines the first note, which was found at the scene of Cobain's death. The second note from Kurt playing these states, he was leaving Courtney leaving C.L. He was not leaving the planet. You following all of that? And, Zach will get interested in this. Cobain was injected with three times the lethal dose of heroin. Oh, perfect. Cobain's heroin, morphine blood level, was 1.52 mg's per liter. This would require a minimum injection of 225 mg's of heroin. Three times the lethal dose, even for a hardcore heroin addict. The drug diasipam was also found at Cobain's blood system. The obvious questions, number one. If Cobain injected himself and they delivered heroin overdose, why would he also shoot himself and head with a shotgun, leaving his baby daughter, love of his life, with horrific visual loons just to remember and buy, why would he just go to sleep on the overdose and never wake up too? If Cobain injected in three times the lethal dose of heroin could even pick up a shotgun and shoot himself, wouldn't he have been immediately incapacitated? Based on the morphine blood levels, found in Cobain's body, preliminary research indicates Kurt Cobain would have been immediately incapacitated. He would have not have picked up that shotgun and could not have pulled that trigger. He was not barricaded inside the room as reported by Mr. For Media Sources, and it goes on and on and on. It says the official verdict of suicide was simply a rush to judgment, which eventually painted the authorities into a corner as reports of a so-called copycat suicide began making the news. Doesn't like a copycat suicide, right? Yeah. Pass that along to Josh Friedman, just mention that time. 1041 at 5.60 QAM. My life and law. This is Fort Wittil, 5.60. The Thoroughly Lamyam. We passed away, among them, Brian Kee, Jimmy Stewart's Robert Mitchum and Jacques Cousteau, who listen now as they join Charles Corralts for the end of the road. All those passengers fly, heaven and arrow, may board, permanently by. Hey, Jimmy, how is your funeral service? It was just a wonderful wake. Now how about you, Brian? Very small. We get to do a family affair. This plane going from here to Trinity? Hey, I'll come your old wet jack. That is not shock. It is shock jack. Jog, jerk, whatever. Are we going from here to Trinity? Brian, Lamyam, ask you a question. Where's that little tramp, Sissy? Did you ever bother her? I don't want to know about this. I don't know about the Mr. Forage. I understand that he is a man's man, oh, oh. Say, I'm on before you. Get to return it by our way. There he is. 1047 at 560W. I just had a great idea for a poll. Which of these people do you supposedly dead people? Do you think it's going to lie? Jim Morrison, Elvis, Kurt Cobain, Dave Ann Boring. See where I'm going with this? That's alright. 285 votes. Are either one of you there or you both eating right now? No, we're here. You don't hear me? You're just a weak, weak sister. 285 votes. All that's happened was your current take on a war in Iraq. It was based on lies and Bush would be impeached 217. And a half percent. Over 70 percent. See impeached his ass now. To which I say, absolutely. It was based on lies 24. I think it had to be done but was poorly planned 20. Over 600 Americans lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd 19. I supported 100 percent 17, which is a mere 5.9 percent. And I'm not sure yet. Four. They're still waiting out. They're 1.4 percent. They're not sure yet. You know, it's every poll no matter what you ask. There's always a 3 percent undecided. 4 percent undecided. Is today Tuesday? 90 percent for you. I said yes. 1 percent they're not too sure. See what I'm saying? Right. Always people just to can't make up their mind. In other words, what they're trying to say is they're stupid. Is what I think they're trying to say. Surgery on highly is as the official account is 615 dead. That's American soldiers. On official account for wounded is 3719. But of course, when you say wounded, they don't tell us about those who are like very, very seriously wounded, which there's an awful lot. On official dead from the coalition of the pressured and the warmen, the Brits and the other so-called coalition is 347. So we're talking very close to a thousand out total. Plus the thousands and thousands of Iraqis. But then again, we don't care about them doing. No, even though we're liberating them, and we're going to have a wonderful democratic form of government. But it's emancipation by decarpanation. So where they die, two freaking bad, it was well worth it. Right. Good point. Don't forget now we got Joseph Gacky as the stadium at noon. Maybe we got Marlins on deck in 1245. Expo's the Marlins game time at 120. The Hebrew hammer on, I can't believe on Paisach, no less. The Hebrew hammer follows the ballgame till 7. A big ult. A seven o'clock, any K10, and after that we go off the year till 5 at a morning. And we start all over again. With Mo and Joe and a Crow and all that kind of show. Let's Joe Castello come and back by the way. I don't know. So many people get miked in the back in that place. You know what course you two guys would know nothing about that? No. What? W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. At Neil. This is unbelievable. The first call of the day is a lady call. This is shocking. Neil, I think everybody like that's true. This is great. Look, the problem was, I'm really in favor of Impeaching Bush. But then what we left with, Cheney, who's worse. Right? Yeah. Take it right at him either. Yeah, but Cheney couldn't win a fixed election at this point. You couldn't win a win a win? A fixed election, which is only good. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, let's get George and Pete. Alright, let's work on it. Alright. Okay. See. She wants to impeach his ass right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You're not going to get a lot of calls these two hours because everybody's busy packing up all their goodies. They got the coolers, you know, all they can't take the coolers in the ballpark. Alright, they're probably tailgating as we speak. No, just no tailgating for baseball games. Just at the stadium today, they'll be tailgating. Are they tailgating for opening day? Yes. As opposed to tomorrow when the barbaga are big to do. Our big party out there are big get together. Starts at 11. Well, how come nobody told me about that? How come there's no promo? How come there's no information about that? I don't even hear recorded promo. Maybe they're having another auction. We have another silent auction online on qm.com. And by the way, how many people visit wqm.com every month? I'm going to worry about them raising too much fragile and money with that. Oh, but it's another revenue stream, Neil. If you don't understand, it's another revenue stream said Clarence's a was streaming down his leg. That was really sad. That was so pathetic. Pulling the wool over the eyes of our loyal audience out there. As if they don't have another other cons going on in the world. And the beeslees got a condom out of their hard-earned bucks. That's really pathetic. If you ask me. Wqm not there on four shame on you man. Well, they're in a hurry. They're on a way that big party of 11 o'clock. It's 1051 already. Wqm hello. Another one. 560, Wqm hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes, and I too ask Neil about the noises that he has on the website. Noise is that isn't. Now we can talk about those noises sir. Not now. Maybe back in the day before all of this stuff came down. We can't talk about noises. Not that one either. Do you hear that one? That is my favorite. You got to admit. I like that one. Oh, there's something. You can now even sack with it. In fact, you'd both admit that the the Mo and guilty that Book of Brian is invented. His version of Mo and guilty are so much more exciting entertaining and amusing than the real Mo and guilty. Oh, I need to get out of that. I thought it out. I mean, definitely funny. Right. There's no see this like that. Just that sound a lot. In fact, I'm going to just start playing that all day long. I think for hours of that might be, yeah. Get about a 30 share. Yeah. All guilty radio. I really suggested this with all, you know, with all different, to my good friend, Blackhead Joe Rose. It's a good guy, but why is he boring? But anyway, I'm thinking that a Mo and guilty Book of Brian show over me to ten would fire surpass all that sports stuff. You know, we got so much sports. Plus Joe's not on the payroll anyway. He's not getting paid. They never signed him that deal. I don't think so. So what do you think of that? I think it's a great idea. I think that would be funny. And Book of Brian of course probably have a help of time getting paid himself, but nevertheless he'd have a good time doing it. Pray a lot. You cheap and hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Jeff. Pizza loft. Oh, I remember him. Yes. Well, I always have trouble getting through. I don't have any of the numbers anymore. Well, you don't have numbers because we're changing the numbers. You're one of those people that we're changing the numbers on. I just follow out of the favor with us. Uh-huh. Rapidly since you've been feeding the rumors. Happy Passover, too. Yeah, happy Pace-Off. Jeff, and don't tell us about don't be looking for a free spot here now. Okay, we have plenty of avails on the log. I'm on. You're on win. Next week. Next week. Pace-Off's over, baby. Yeah, I know. Well, you know. Things happen. Yeah. I'm looking forward to getting together with you when you get to town. Oh, I bet you are. I bet you certainly are. Yes, I am. Uh-huh. So how you do it? I hear a lot about your extracurricular activities is what I'm hearing. That's why you don't have time to run any spots. No, because I work so much. Be sure to go get your work in it. Be sure to go to the pizza loft in Davian. Get that pizza from Jeff Cohen is looking for a free spot at a free plug right now. I'm just calling to say hello. I didn't even bring up pizza loft in Davian University Drive. Be between Griffin and 595. I noticed you didn't say that behind a pair of an imports. Right. Right. So I'm looking forward to seeing you. I want to just say hello. Could you know it away from you to be here? No, I'll be by the sea. See you all the same with the thing I'm saying. Go ahead. That's it. That's it. So I got for you, sir. See you next week, Jeff. All right. See you then. Here's line nine. My very favorite QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. I was waiting for you. Hello. Google. Google. I'm pushing down the Dane of Dau F. Say. And you'll get the words that a user is so crap. It's crap. I'm not drinking it anymore. Well, I'm not what's good. You're told, right? No, wait a minute. Wait a minute. What's all crap? In other words, the information is crap. The information about F. The time being junk is crap. It's good. Dr. Dane of Dau writes a little article about it in your career. So in other words, crap is good. Well, I'm not. That's what my mother said. I'm not a little hot palate. How do you like that? So what should we talk about in the 11 to 12 hours? Should we talk about toothpaste or water, huh? Of course, it's always good when you have to be a brush to, you know, we can tell you my personal real good. The shelter water. You don't rinse with shelter, do you? No. It's a good idea, though. Yeah, look, you're, you're, you just haven't tried it. You would like shelter water. I tried it. It's horrible. No, it's horrible. I'm sitting here drinking club soda right now. Just got, I mean, flat water is so plain and it always seems to have like a must be taste. It's water. It's supposed to be plain. Ah, but this is a, a high amount. It's got like a little bit of Apparversions is a little bubbly. I think all that stuff about asked for teams a bunch of crap. Although I will say this, and maybe just to coincidence, you know, in a one day since I quit drinking at all that diet soda, yeah, I feel better. Well, there you go. Now, it could be psychosomatic. It could be like who the hell knows what it is. Maybe change of life. Or maybe just the fact that we're getting off it noon today. That line has something to do with it. My life and more. This is for twiddle by sticky. Wait, wait, yeah. Double, you can't wait. You're late, you're about to late. Yeah, that's the whole collection up. See you later, out later. Yeah, that's the whole collection up. Nobody is helping you so bad. And talking to you is too much. You got your name on the ballot. And you never had a chance. You put your name on the ballot. The way you ever had a chance. With the bell on a you. And the band I'll take your hands. Thanks to you, the right twinger. Stoly election bearers swear. And now I'm not surprised when you're off the super. Stoly election bearers swear. Nobody goes all the way. And try to 65 for there. See you later, out later. Yeah, that's the whole collection up. See you later, out later. Yeah, that's the whole collection up. Go by yourself and do so bad. And try to get your super smart. Yeah. See you later, out later. Try to say, but let me see. Bye bye. Go try. You're going to take to a tree. Oh, right. Oh. 11 out to a five 60. Nobody QA and it's our 11 in Newtown. And then we're going home. Bye bye. Why I am home? That's right. Yes. You know who Zach had Passover dinner with last night. David Boring. No. For Kobe. No. The conspiracy continues. The very own household one Mr. John Weener. He's part of the family. Yeah. Stoo gots. Yeah. The family. Concording with the enemy. Yeah. No wonder Mohate Zach. Hey. Excuse me. The family. And did you give like a list of all the names of all the guests that the Mohazan? No. Come on. You can probably give all the names in numbers. Parents is running dry. I don't have any names in numbers. I've got a few numbers. Anyway, it's the 365 votes on the pool. Based on all that's happened. What's your current take on a war in Iraq? It was based on lies in Bush ought to be impeached. 246 67% that's two thirds of the audience. You turn. I was based on lies 38. I think it had to be done but was poorly planned 31. In other words. Not third man. Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd. 650 to be exact up to the second. That's 26 said that. I supported 100% 20 and I'm not sure yet six. There's still a hanging out. As the carnage continues, it's getting really bloody. And of course the bloody are kiss and the Bush are a hunt that they tell us. Oh, that's a good sign. That means that we're getting the job done. Wow. Speaking of an idiot bush. Here's another idiot bush. His name is Jeb. You've heard of him? Yeah. This is so outrageous. Unbeatable. Saying rigorous screening status would ensure recipients won't be terrorist. You talk about pandering. Governor Jeb Bush yesterday strongly endorsed issuing state drivers licenses too. Both illegal immigrants and four nationals who make Florida home for part of the year. illegal immigrants. So all the jokes about 57. Chembies and all the other crap illegal immigrants. People are breaking the law. Let's give them a drivers license. Which certainly ought to improve the quality of driving. When you say. In fact, he actually says that way to hear this hundreds of thousands of people could be affected by the proposal, which is currently making its way to the Florida legislature. Senator Rudy Garcia, a Republican from High Ali of course, pushing the measure in the Senate says it would enable those stuck in immigration limbo to drive with valid licenses and get insurance while they work to become citizens. Our roads and streets will be safer because of this. But Garcia said, adding that the sprawling nature of bus Florida cities makes owning a car in a facility and that the state by not giving illegal immigrants licenses almost tell these folks to break the law because that's the only way they're going to be doing anything. illegal immigrants wishing to obtain licenses would have to submit to be clear. You know something this is really a great idea because you know all those little ginney buses in Dave County. Yeah, that are already being driven by those Haitians who would don't know up from down or east from west. We replaced them with some even more illegal immigrants. Yeah, as soon as they wash up on sure, oh, here we go. Here's the driver's license and a key to a mini bus. Why not spread the wolf? Sure. They would have to submit to be cleared by background checks both in Florida and their home countries. The state would rely on consular officials to sign off on background checks from abroad. Although it doesn't have the broads name for a nationals of his or the state frequently to check up on home to businesses. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I I'm sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, why am I sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I Ave I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, I'm the competition of corpses of mercons of allusia however continued turmoil and violence in a rack maybe taking a toll a president pushes approval rating all right that's a little good news let's see first job approval in late march of his forty seven percent now it's forty three this approved forty seven so it this approved forty seven percent right now and approved forty three percent and don't know the move and look ten ten percent see what i mean here you pull it's but the most unbelievable news nearly six ten Americans fifty seven percent continually that the US made the right decision in using military force against the rack which is unchanged from a mid-march pew survey however public attitude to most aspect of the US mission and rack of turn more negative since January the aftermath of the capture of old sottom and as this death toll continues mounting and the body bags keep coming back one might just take that just maybe maybe they're going to start getting a little bit more negative like our various two audience which overwhelmingly says impeaches as right now they did it based on lies and Bush had been peach looking at sixty seven point three percent two hundred and sixty more than two thirds it was based on lies another forty there's another ten percent how do you like that so even the ones who don't think he ought to be impeached still you got seventy seven point seven percent believe it was based on lies i think it had to be done was poorly planned thirty eight thirty three all over six hundred Americans have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd twenty seven i supported a hundred percent twenty two five and a half percent five point five percent is all he gets and i'm not sure yet six six people are in one directions to the ballpark five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT and but the bad news for a carry though is in Florida always closing the gap he was like twenty three points behind and the latest pull by the Orlando Sentinel and WESH news channel to an Orlando statewide Florida poll shows bush fifty one percent in Florida carry forty three percent but that's better than twenty three percent in a rears yeah i'm assuming that you go our both registered a vote yes yes sir and you're both voting for carry yes yes sir i'm not telling you who to vote for but i'm just asking him just inquiring so that's three fattie was voting for carry right to counterbalance Robert Gruper I'm sure's gonna be voting three top bill vote casual accountant that kid he needs before he gets out of there before he retires them out seven right years and moves under with legal career he needs a real pounding WQM hello parents say be given to him QM not there online three WQM hello oh back on ice five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT and for rice but wireless line this is the crowd underway to the ball game all right let's go come on let's hear little enthusiasm for this crowd out here come on let's go we love the marlins they're gone away and if we stay home today it will be us in come on let's go it's a beautiful day I'm sure sunny shining I bet the building is empty now that the party is starting right they're all at the ballpark for free drink when the food won't park right now we got nobody listed the catering QM hello yeah yes sir hey you know a couple of reasons I mean using her name is really too good for her and I was looking at that uh gap between her teeth okay good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT and for rice and wireless line WQM hello they kneel yes sir I myself the wanting to favor P.Y.I.H.D.F.I.N.A. right now yeah it's Elvis he's on a way to the ballpark with Elvis I totally the king was still alive didn't I I thought he said the leopard code bane Jim Morrison they're all gonna show up and I bet you Johnny Cash is gonna be there too I could be wrong but I think Johnny might be there in the upper deck Abla Kittle shaky but he'll be there WQM hello hey you that's me hey happy happy happy you guys right go wow without a setting or what people have nothing to say but I should just plug right ahead you know I should just proceed we only got to know I'm thinking that thing about the line up uh three-hour show max I got it yes you do three hours so you're doing 10 to one one one to two the crow yeah right between you and Maddie no no no no no no no no no no no no like a crow and Jo show not he not approved for daytime how about the crow and bow the crow and bull like I said on a weekend sounds fantastic let me read meret meret meret meret meret meret meret mm mean good ball okay and the big old red blowers are going to let locker room in pump pump there are resistors oh I like that one they get they get they get they get they get they get they get they get they get they get they get they get they get and then and then you type that off with a quick one of these man yelling in the crow oh yeah we got it man everybody else in a market look out we're coming after you now we're getting serious with his lineup no more this boring sports crap I think just making just making wild sounds I'm good at me I don't know what it is about that but the the bulk of Brian Gildy just sends me an orbit I get a chill in my spine hysterical 11 past 11 at five 16 WDQM if you're in a dead end job like anybody in a radio business especially the whithings are going now if you're underpaid no we're working your sick and tired of it if you had to write up to your earlobes here's the answer if you don't have four years to waste on college or the money to pay for it either I have to make one easy quality can really change your life you can really get yourself some skills in some training for a real job by calling fast train at one eight six six fast train be sure and tell them the Todd Dreck the useless the umptious Todd Dreck told you to call and you can be trained and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career and is the last four short months in other words before even the end of the summer so if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts go and know where if your life is like on a treadmill if everybody you talk to sister I have no life if you say that to them fast train my kids answer you're looking for they have uh they even we can classes to put around your schedule they offer job placement assistance financially the people who qualify and with seven convenient for locations there's vonda be a fast train nearby you so check them out of the web first if you like it fast train dot com and then make that call that could change your life and just foreshared months you can be on your way to a great new high-paying career but you got to make that call do it today call one eight six six fast train I think I did it again. I got really fond. Then married my friend. Oh baby, I was not when we were. So I don't know if it was come to my dad. I might lose half my love for me. Because I did it inside of me now. I can't mind all your soups. I got you again. I was half in the bed. So he was just in. Oh baby, play the rules. I said that I do. I have too much to lose. I can't hold my liquor. I got drunk again. That's how I like it that. I kiss with Donald. Oh baby, baby, I thought of you. Then married to George. I love and marry her. 1117 at 5.60 WCM is where just this is the. Marlon Pregame shows all this is today. Right. I think the intro to opening day. We're just a little for play for opening day, which is a major Magella baby. Pete's image. And of course the president tells us that we're well on our way towards succeeding in rack things are going to be really peachy. Just wait. It'll be great. British soldiers killed 15 militants in Iraq as it descended into new levels of anarchy today. Don't you like that term? That's from this is London, the evening standard newspaper London. As Iraq descended into new levels of anarchy today, Iraq is done in a straighter class with UK forces over the past 40 hours in Bosra and Amara as a shea uprising led by Farber and Cleric, Moctata, Moctata, Al-Sadar, swept to the country. More than 20 Iraqis were injured in Amara and Bosra, the main cities in the British controlled sector of the country. 24 coalitions soldiers, six of them British were hurt nuns seriously. The ministry of defense said it just goes on and not so re-other 15 is Iraqis died and on and on all of the country chaos. It's worth it. It's like that road map in the Middle East. You know, just a little bit off track. We'll get the compass. We'll get back on track. Not. But the public's worried about big things. They got bigger fish to fry. We got opening day. The Marlins and the Expo is baby. No question about it. They got to thumb on the pulse of the world. 560. Let's get a thousand calls in here. Now between the now and noon. What do you say? What? All these Marlin fans are on our way to the ballpark. We got the big band. Where's the gate G? I assume that's where it is. But you're this gate G. That's where we don't even know. Josie a gate G. Boy, you're boyfriend man. Clarency really a screwed up this time. Didn't give us any information about anything. You want his busy out there. It's probably got got a whole bunch of things lined up. 560. 560. Pound 560. On the AT&T line WQM. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I heard that the great motivational speaker is going to be coming in for the Marlins F-talk. And who's that? How'd you Reverend Jones? Oh god. I hope they take a care of them. WQM. See you's even got a boyfriend now. The calls for him. That's the best part. You know when he had the chronic and then they got their playmate. They calls in for them. WQM. Hello. Hey how are you? Pretty good. Are you going to speak to me or is that it? Was that it? Was that it? How are you? How are you? Pretty good. Bye bye. How are you doing? Right. WQM. Hello. Not there. QM. Hello. When is Diaz? Yes sir. What is Diaz? Is this Neil? Yes sir. What is Diaz? Is this Neil? Yes sir. This is Neil. This is Neil and Espanual. Oh, yeah. Let's find out. There are two things. I just show you a picture on a electric boat on 95. Yeah. You're a fan. I know you were glasses. Yeah. Yeah man. And the only type man get lost. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We got three fat agreed Jews on here today. So don't call in and start sucking up. Okay. We're going to be a little bit positive. You're such a bunch of negative sour people. I'm going to want to be negative. I'm going to best move today. I've been in a long time. You want to know why? Because it's opening day. Because I'm off of that damn diet. So I'm drinking my club soda here, which I like and sputter your crappy attitude. And number two is opening day. We got a nice short two hour show. You see, my whole attitude on life would be so much different if I had, I mean, two hours is unrealistic. Not for the kind of money they're paying me. But three hours. Not a hopper. He went from four hours to three and allegedly the word is on the street. He didn't take any paid reduction, right? No, pay back. So why not four hours to three for this old fart? I paid my dues. See, it was logical. Sure. And we might have said the contract a little bit after that. You know, like another week or two. I mean, nothing. Right. Other one or two shows. Maybe George could do the extra hour. There you go. But I, you know, something I think you just hit the jackpot. There you go. And our with George and A keeps the audience away. You're something like that. WQM. Hello. Hey, Bill and Neil. Pretty good. I'm currently under contract with Wayne. Yeah, Reverend George again. WQM. Hello. So out. Yes, sir. Neil, God. Speaking of three hours has to be from 11 to two. Don't go from 10 to one. You make my ears both. Why is that? Why would that be? I would like that. I could sleep in. Oh, man. I'm in a lot. I love you, Neil. Okay. Thanks. What does that mean? Why would it have to be 11 to two? Are you understanding that? Probably because he can't listen at 10. I see. Or maybe he also sleeps in. 560560 pound, 560. Here's line nine. Hello. Yeah. I'm sorry. Bill, but I'm not. The highway. You're no stand major. You're the. Thank God. Hey, listen. If you can believe it. Like you tell a new little for doing a free game show on the other station. Paul Harvey, Jr. We haven't heard from him in a long time. No one armants. It's a good move. Good time for the great taste. Yeah. I did. Have a good day. Ha ha ha. Well, Harvey, Jr. Folks. Very briefly, too. That's the shortest call he's ever made. I think. And a head no choice. 560560. All the events of the world that are going on. The important things that are happening. Man kind is probably like in the very, very twilight of a mediocre resistance. And here we are on the way to the ballpark for opening day. Oh, right. Let's all get out there and get smashed. All right. Zach is going to be a gate H. The extant for heroin of course. Just a joke. You know, the beast instantly was just making up all these stories about you and drugs. And this and that was just awful to stuff he was doing. I'm only going to be there for 20 minutes to tell right now. Come in to QM. Hello. QAM. I'll ask you they will have programs in Wienes this year. Right. For opening day. They're not going to run out. Right. We hope. I mean, that would be embarrassing to find out tomorrow morning. Open up the paper and discover. Oh, gee. They had like only 10,000 programs. And they only had about 2,000 Wienes. Did they do free hotdogs last year though? Did they really? Yeah, but I don't think they'd have the free hotdogs this year. I and just in time for pace off free Wienes and free Bienes. Oh, that's good to me. Did they have Wienes with a motto? W. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Hey, I just called to high. First time calling long, long, long, long time listening. Okay. Great. Well, let's have a great time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you got nothing to say. I just know they really don't. I mean, how are you? I'm driving. How are you doing? Just to know they're just trying to pacify me. I don't really care. I'll put all my stuff here. I want to take a lot more of these good calls between now and now. But you notice you can probably hear they tinkle in the twinkle in my voice now. Because, you know, even if it was just a three hour show, I'd be in so much better frame of mind. But when it's four hours and it's like, you know, ten after ten. And you say, oh, my God, it's only ten o'clock. I just started the area at four hours to go to the school on. You know that. Right. Am I right? Yeah. Two long. That's slave labor. And it's cool on unusual punishment for me and the audience. Because by about one thirty, man, you start getting like really cranky. And you've talked to Reverend Jones about seventy five times just a. And then George starts hyperventilating. That's Reverend Joe. And then you just want to scream out like that. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, I love that to me. If that's all I heard today, that's just that sends me an orbit. He's the best. I could hear an hour just that three hours and a hour. One and two hour. All guilty. All day one to two. What do you think? That was good. I like it. And maybe a little more. Absolutely. Based on all that's happened, here's our pull question. You can see Natasha henstridge if you're 18 or over and you have 15 pieces of ID behind the B did curtain on the arrages.com, which you'd be, well, you wouldn't be amazed because you know what a bunch of Proverts and this brought us. We got out there. I mean, we get enormous response on our website. The sad part of it is we got how many people read the story. But, but. And the rest of me just want to see the naked pictures. That's okay. We don't mind Natasha henstridge who turned how old is she? But. But. This year Canadian A and she's the naked as a jay bird based on all that's happened this year. What's your current take on the war in Iraq is the body count unfortunately continues. 480 votes. It was based on lies in Bush and be in peach 325 67.7%. It was based on lies 47 in other words, they're not ready for impeachment quite yet, but they're thinking about it. They're getting close. I think it had to be done but was poorly planned 37. Over 600 American lives have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd 32. I supported 100% Lakoma. He supported about 3 to 6.2% pretty weak. And I'm not sure yet 9.9. We're still trying to figure out what planet they're on earth or Uranus. 26 past 11 at 5.60 WQM if your planets look like they're out of this world in the negative. In other words, if your carpet look really disastrous, did I say planets or carpets? Papers. I think I said planets. Well, maybe if they belong on another planet. Here's the answer for you. Call my good friends and draw concepts because nobody on this earth at any rate does the kind of job they do for you. They only people let dry clean your carpets and it's an exclusive patented method. Same ideas, dry clean your clothing. What sucks out? Can I still say that? Oh, I can say the deep down dirt way down there and the fire is your carpet making them look just like brand new. They're vibrant and color. Soft of the touch they smell and any fresh. When these people finish cleaning your carpet, it looks just like you had brand new laid on the floor. That's why I've used them for over 20 years and wouldn't dreamy use anybody else. No rip off. No games. No tack ons at the end of the job saying, Oh, sorry. We had to add this on because we had to do this in Yadia. No chance because they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing that great job on your carpeting. Your area rugs your draper your poultry all of these things. And when you call dry concepts, be sure to ask him how you can say 15% on next carpet cleaning by being on their stand by list. They'll do it for you. Just to call his toll free number 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 you really can't clean today and entertain the night when you call our friends a dry concepts. Check them on the web if you like it. Dry concepts.com. Nobody, no way, doesn't better. What did I just do here? Huh? Oh, you know what I did? And that's the Paul Harvey Jr.s fault. I had a noodle stop to remember. We're supposed to be in 5-6 years. You a n. It's just nice. No, it's gone. Are you as well? It's been said she won. It's gone. You should be the star of Leigh Don't Wife in. Now we're making movies about the crucifixion. People in the theaters are lounge and ask. We don't keep a fucking assman. Jesus Christ. Love is dark. Rick's Re in the poke. Give you a push on. Jesus Christ. Take a look. Don't see the film. Tell you we're the boys. Oh, right. Jesus Christ. I'm a street. But there was no harm to me. Jesus Christ. Take a look. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Love is dark. Are you as well? It's been said she won. That's a movie. 11.32 happy. Pace off. You've lost out there. Happy Easter to all the glam. And all the Muslims cut it out already. Would you please? 513 votes on a pool. Not too shabby. I think the beast had a good idea. George wanted to. The big one to two hour with George Rodriguez. No good idea. Yeah. Why not? George couldn't vote for an hour. He's getting paid the big bucks. He can do an hour if he did. It's good practice for the days when he has to like fill in. Like in July and August most days. Yep. When I'm doing those very difficult two day a week. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Boy, you talk about running dry. But why not? You know, they've expended all of their energy. And all of their energy getting all whipped up for the ball game today. For opening day. I think if 60,000 people are going to be there at P.P. Park today. That's probably the entire town everybody's in town. It's a skeleton crowd just like they're in a building. Is there anybody there? Nobody in the building. Nobody in the building. No one. No one. Nobody in the building. No one. No one. And like I said, no people out front. And that's it. Because everybody's over to ballpark. Pretending to be big Marlins fans. I can understand it because it's a town where quite frankly is very, very boring. I mean, you know, the sun is nice and the beaches and the water and the beaches and the water and the sun. But it's pretty boring. And it's a whole lot of old people and a lot of people in real speaking in glaze and a lot of illegal aliens just waiting for that drivers license. So they get their 57 Chevy on the road. And, you know, what do you expect? So here's it's opening day. Wow. I don't know where to care about baseball. I don't know what this team is. But it's opening day. It's happening. It's something. Let's go. Yeah. I don't think that. WCW and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. It's 11 30 in the morning. And I'm writing this up to my backup and the turnpike for the moment game. I'm right. How do you know, Tony, huh? Yeah. Have a good time, pal. Two hour back. I ate my all back up on a turnpike. My suggestion is turn around. Go home. No, that would be bad. Don't say that. We want to get 80,000 people in there. Just like a dolphin game, right? I think they opened the upper deck. They're opening up the upper deck. They're going to have people sitting up there with David. David Samson and a box in the sky box. More Howard David is going to be there. He's going to kick what's his name. I like to go into a ball game. When you like him to a baseball game. No. Why? Oh, I forgot that great hate. I don't know. See, I don't think Zack hates more as much as you do. Now that would be an interesting show. Huh? Which one of you hates him more or less? I do. I think Beast is up there. Yeah. Now Zack sees that his more laid back. Zack is a little bit more. Although you always haven't played today? What? What's up? And I'm really sure I haven't listened to any of the, uh, to see. Since we got the language, please go and I haven't checked out this yet. Did you see all readings for the last book? Yeah, I know he's wrong. That is. You're a good person in your spot. What you're back? Zack, you're a little bit more. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. What you back. What will you look like for- Oh, no, no, no. I got another thing about a tougha- getting raped and I don't need a rating that's a minus 8. Don't care what you do long as a thunderstorm to turn to wider little huna on the guests. You're a roccian-cuts to go. There's a lot of fat producers, you know. That's right. Watch a bat. Oh, wait for me, no, no, no. I'm going to be a good man, but you're not back. You won't wait for more tomorrow. Oh, my God. Oh, brother, I'll let my body on to stand. And you can meet from a truck while you're in both hands. That's it, that's what you made a rating school. You just like lifted it all your thought. And it's straight to your patty ass out of your head. Well, we'll take the food out of your mouth. That's right. But you're back, dad. You won't wait for more tomorrow. No, no, no, no, no. I'll let you back. I'll pull you out. Hold on, hold on. No, no, no. This is what we said. I'll pull you out. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Yeah. I see you got that bra, dude. I know what time is it. I've been waiting for you. I love that. And there's no bad words that we had a bleep out in there, either. Nice. That was fantastic. But even though it's now, of course, the fact that we got stacked there and the beast is going I'm glad they got both of you because the beast can like override any lies that you might tell my parents is not there. No, where do we seen right? So we got nobody like hold your hand, twist your arm, put words in your mouth. Now, when you left the more Howard David had show, it was mainly by his one you offer the show. It was mutual. Correct or not? Mutual. See, he won't tell the truth. Now, with the beast, we'll tell us the real story. Yeah. Parties want to go in a different direction, but more so for, uh, uh, yeah. But this business about, well, uh, you know, Zach had this other job and all of this other stuff and his life. And I mean, time is right there eight to ten would Joe Rose. So anybody can see through that lie. No, but I do have another job. Yeah. See, have another job. But in the meantime, you could have still been on there with more if he would have wanted you be there. Absolutely wanted you out. Absolutely. To be the scapego. Absolutely. For his failures. For that bad piece. I'm probably your life is much better being off of it. That's right. I'm really curious about that because I'm not there. Most of the time, and I'm really curious about the eight o'clock crossover when Joe Rose is standing there waiting to go and cross crossover. Huh? What? Why not? No, I don't mean crossover in terms of like we used to where we'd be on each other. Show us the untering and in terms of the changing of the guard of eight o'clock when Mo is going out and Joe is coming in and the beast also. Usually it's, uh, it's, it's Mo trying to talk to Joe and Joe and Nore and Mo. Really? Yeah. Oh, again, as a standing in the hand of friendship, even after he bit it and shoot it and spat it out. Like he tried with me. Right. See, this is a sad situation where you got a cranky nasty bitter old man who tries to get everybody can and just grips them and ask and then like, oh, well, you know, shake my hand and let's be friends. I screw you, Mo. Okay. You know what I mean? Absolutely. You make me sick. Anyway, see, that's one thing. I'm not, all the way. Welcome in early next week. I think what I'm going to do is take that musk rat hair piece that we have with our loose Miguel's head and do like I always do. I'll just sit there across from him from about 7.15 to late o'clock every morning when I'm there. I'm just staring at him, huh? Plus you'll get to meet our new producer, shy. Yeah. Is he shy? Oh, he's still there. Yeah, shy from the moment in New York. Yeah. Yeah. I can't believe he's still there. The savior, the Messiah. His way to lay have one bad trend. He'll be gone. 21 till noon at 5.60, boy, I've headed a pressures mounting now. You can feel it. Can't you? I have no right. I mean, a Marlins and the X goes what more could anybody want? That's not to like opening day. I can smell a hot dogs in the beer and the soda and you can smell all the leather, the shoe leather and the leather, the gloves and the, oh, god plus crotch straps. I bet crows over there. Goldie. Isn't it time you called dialometres a 1.800 mattress. Dialometres backs up everything they say in their advertising 100% that their competitors still use lots of lies. When you see a mattress that making outrageous claims read the fine print. There are lots of lies. Lots of BS weight nut there. Here's an example. In big print the ad scream, no down payment, no interest, no payments for 24 months. But the tiny print at the bottom reads like an encyclopedia of disclaimers, requires a minimum purchase higher than the advertised self prices. Many times not a single advertised item would qualify for even financing. Interest penalties 21% or more, shoppers who need financing the most really qualified anyway. Dialometres ads have no tiny print, noticelaimers, no lies, no BS. When you call 1-800 mattress you discover there's never enough to charge for same day delivery. And dialometres takes same day delivery orders all day long from candle to store it from Palm Beach to Fort Myers even in Ojas. When you call 1-800 mattress you pick the date and two-hour delivery window you want your mattress delivered. So call now and see why 1-800 mattress is ranked the best in the universe in overall customer satisfaction. And dialometres reminds you to read the fine print because they want you know what you're buying even if it's not not to buy from them. So do what I always do in all the smart shoppers. Do make the one easy call. It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. You'll sit there on your fan asks and call 1-800 mattress, log onto their website macros.com. Dialometres 1-800-MATTRES, the honest way to buy you a great new bed. And I love this board- curly-chaded box. And what I can't sell is how much I pay off-shame and пу loss I just made it off. Yeah, who's those pickers and drunk and slabs 30,000 wheels We have certain sized dogs they all Roof, roof like a bunch of pigs While we all root for our team Bell drink eight, nine, ten courts appear in their penalties day Hey, who's those pickers? Bell drink eight, nine, ten courts appear in their penalties day Hey, 1143, 17 away from Joseph Aki, Joseph Eman, he is the best Joseph Aki, sucks, okay? Okay, he'll be out there at P.P. Park, speaking of a pantalini's P.P. Why don't we go to get a name for that stadium? I should ask, I don't want him to start and trouble We're going to get a real rock for the stadiums Wayne replies that a bit back to Joe Robby He won? Wayne will refuse to put a back to Joe Robby He wouldn't want to do that because your Robby paid for with his own money Which is why his family's in hot to the rest of the world But nevertheless, at least Joe said he was a hard ass If you don't want to build it for me, I'll build it and then they will come You know, as opposed to Wayne who's like, oh, come on, either do it for me Or I'm not gonna play there, that crap, I'm not playing that bit again Wayne, you make us all sick, okay? If you give these poor guys a better deal, these poor billionaire guys a better deal They wouldn't have to be begging for new stadium Just give them a little bit of the concession stuff and just cut the crap 564 votes on the pole based on all that's happened What's your current take on the war, the mess in Iraq, the atrocity, the psychotic crap It was based on lies and Bush of the impeached 375, 236.4% say that It was based on lies, period 52, say that I think it had to be done but was poorly planned about Fiddy say that Over 600 Americans have been sacrificed by the Bush crowd 43 What's that t on the end of over? I just noticed their Eric I don't want to start picking on Eric, but over it is that an over it act on your part Eric Err, oh, an over it mistake I supported 100% meaning the war, 36, 6.3% very weak and I'm not sure yet still 10 Still 10 around a way to the ball game already fried What can you imagine how pickle they're gonna be at that ball game? Man, they're gonna be just 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line WKWA hello, not there WKWM hello Good morning, Neil Good morning An honor of opening day and how baseball was before Wayne ruined it for me personally Could you play that play by play on the radio? Oh, I don't want to hear you There used to be good enough Oh, you don't have it, I love that It's a good spot Alright, well, maybe when you get back to town We'll try to find it Thank you Neil Everyday We loved a Marlond I mean, you can find it back there It's on a wall back there, but I don't want to, you know, make you stand up Well, I was wasting a lot of energy, my burn off a couple of calories by standing I'm plus I don't think you're tall enough to find the find the disrespect there in a wall You know, the one she's talking about What is it about three feet of a Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Which one? Another one. Which one? Which one? Which one? Iowa Children's Revolt. Which one? Which one?orum. Which one? Which one? Which one? the rise of wireless line is so sad got some great series coming up he got somebody a competitive look at all the teams that had over a hundred points in eastern conference alone right oh sorry wqm hello yes hello yes sir hello two slow for me pal have a nice day wqm hello Neil how are you doing good morning pretty good um spawning that you're talking about hockey there I don't know if you heard about this if it was called in a lot of couple days but on Sunday looks like guilty level profanity fly in the period break there oh no during uh it's an admission pair of the uh second well I don't want to hear the word well I'm not gonna say it's during the second and third period I guess all the the production staff there got him with silly trick and after he does his sign off right after that when the camera still on him turns around says you have to really he said it even now the uh big uh thing there on the uh on the jumbo trot on the jumbo trot whatever the call I'd right i'm about 99 point nine percent sure oh my god that might that might be the end of his broadcast where would a panther organization they get one to that with any luck so thanks for bringing that to the retention thank you no problem and uh have a great day go these go baby lease an auto was start Thursday right at the air Canada center final score in the first game Toronto five out of a one any any any you can just be old on and it's places that this town is going to be on fire they are going to be smoking see that's a difference it's like that all the time it's not just a spony well it's opening day and we're all going to go out there of course you know i'm i'm it's going to be don't you think it's going to be really interesting to see tomorrow and the Friday and Thursday rather how many people sure well yeah all the expos are probably about the worst draw in the entire league i mean nobody wants to see the expos even amount for you all they don't want to see them even on the played pretty good most of the early part of the season last year but i mean and nobody wants to see them right there's no there's no people for Montreal thank goodness right but still feel leftover a few frogs yeah there'll be their way for the Montreal flags drinking a lot of pepsies five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and two when that's something about jiff romer i mean jiff or coin must in guide jiff coin calling earlier yes so for people i'm surprised you have brought you guys any months of pizza today well yeah what's the deal with George isn't here because you're both polishing you're probably going to fade away by a noon i was like he didn't bring any food to late now jiff maybe tomorrow for Zack that'll be nice Zack and Josh because i don't think Zack's ever had that to be you don't need to we're trying to keep your ass out we'll be here with i know i'm saying we're trying to keep your ass alive that's why I'm saying not today w q m hello i just when i talk to you please speaking sir oh Neil how are you pretty good happy uh so kiss pass over happy issue was uh Neil you remember i don't go to hot dad i don't know you can't play anymore but the baseball manager that's talking about the play years and the young people no change yeah i know that when we can't play that yeah because there were one with a bit we had the word was a yeah two bad well it was a bad thing about this thing i'm uh i written to uh just about everybody uh i can get to about it i think uh i'm gonna get to a mountain back you know that i think i'll hold your breath okay well good work I know good luck to us man thanks for trying i'll see on the boat is that kind of treadmill freedom of speech is dead baby freedom of speech is finito let's see hey it says this facts and so i watch river and it's dogs i have to laugh when he and bush you describe what's going on in a rag i don't laugh i want to cry it's not funny when they say things like these dogs and the deadenders every cliche and phrase this administration puts up to describe who and what's happening have they been watching the same thing we watch or read see if you watch the BBC if i got to put the BBC on right now they probably cut me off the ear i mean then you'll see what the news is really all about what's really happening oh the democracy is is a very very long process very very long that's what he said he said it's very very long we should probably should have believed that because we don't know what he's talking about we said it's very very long so it says if this turnover happens on a 30th bremish eternal over 10 body grids he travels with because everything will be just fine on that day right oh we're fine it's just take care pali i wonder who this is from pali hi pali the worst news i have for the audiences that jev high aka fat boy was bouncing around there with his 800 pounds in shorts hi pali and honor the marlin opening day that the entire sales department's over there everybody works in a building is over what a colony colony bunch of really oh god it's just it's just a minute you know what i'm talking about no because any go to go to go to go to go to go to the free booze the free food any chance any of these people have to get out of this building they go any excuse it's a matter of fact just to show you what a dedicated employee i am what are real i'm gonna stay here till two i'm gonna i'm gonna even know you won't be here in me what you could hear me i'm gonna stay until two you believe me no oh maybe i'm here no i've said it the day that for all and i did that hour on the internet when he was putting the transfer went off goodness that was great up man every other word was all those that was classic it went that that one was a classic but that's the kind of radio that the public really wants to hear a Michael Powell and uh Michael cops and all you whether lunatics you fash it you not see bastard you that's what the public wants to hear it's funny it's amusing but the sense of humor is gone i see their own it's done for peri and interest and it appeals to the peri and entry yeah there might be a kid in the car it's a flash of a booby for half a second oh my god we're gonna go to hell in a hand-bash could now a tiska the task he said something about a basket he's fired yeah wow anyway it's a 153 marlin and the pressure is i'm almost right i'll just let a big one out now well it's almost that time aren't you excited okay wait um i'm not gonna go out there no oh come on all the free foods got put on your phone your best phone your marlin fan uh go to meet and uh look on your pus 650 votes on the poll paste on all that's happened what's your current take on a war in Iraq it was based on lives bushing be in piz four o nine almost 66 percent it was based on lives 56 i think it had to be double was poorly planned 56 over six hundred mercant lives have been sacrificed by the bush crowd 47 i supported a hundred percent 41 six and a half percent a Paul pre-fue and i'm not sure yet 13 this little kind of thing without Joe's a gacky from pp part coming up next to pre-game the opening day baby marlin's on direct and deck 1245 the marlin's hostie exposes at the 120 game class and the hopper the heaver have were following the baseball game about four near votes mechanic plays off whoa god