Rap moments Wonderful WVA Woo Whafin gotta call the cole for love Can we forget killer Don't ever say that no way I can see quandство even life is dreaming And we gave them a big fun of things And we didn't lose And we didn't lose Yeah, this sexy turn is clear And this man is strong But it's strong and it's all pretty strong And we're in the same reach of power Maybe every 15 floors Families and talking music Love and fill on top of music They weren't meant that this would be a start But what's the reason to resolve But she missed this is all The crappy taste playin' on the best thing And a drug and life and was a start She can't win a match And he's in a best place And he's in a best place And he's in a better place And he's in a better place And he's in a better place And he's in a better place John, we made a bad mistake last week I should have been probably in the hell All week long out of the fact We're going to start a 10-year-old We did this week Because how he's on tape this week Best of us, he's octaly into the year To the first day of the new year Especially if we mentioned that Because nobody, probably nobody knows The trouble we see, but do we really care? No, this is just to fill in man For that only in the year People are busy and I give you an example of how busy people are I want you to listen to this comedy bit about Bernie Karrick Oh, Bernard Karrick Okay Bernard Karrick from the York the XPD was going to be the head of the Homeland Security Oh, that guy I realize you were out of touch a little bit Yeah, we can't get you Back guy, all he had to geek with the 85 different The girlfriends that he is right All the corruption is mobster friends Anyway, listen to this And they're telling me that people aren't just pumping a bunch of crap I just have to fill in Come again Okay, Bernard What were you trying to do The tabloys In this again in you Haven't died Not even things you're up to Miss your chance for that thing You messed up now it's through The nightcare To me At the hotest nomination The nightcare The mind has had ties to the mafia And the softest of days And extra merits of all men So, Bernard Exfolies missioners So many scandals now That just can't be ignored No Wow, what can one say? Wait again But, but, yeah, let's play it again Sam, now we are going to play a lot of stuff All week long I'll be on today tomorrow Wednesday Then I'm going on vacation for week in Georgia Beyond Thursday through the end of the year And then Friday we have no to eat that Resolve yet? No, I haven't seen anyone in management yet Well, talking about any bill He'll straighten it out for you I'm sure Friday Georgia is supposed to be off the air of Christmas day But on the schedule we got it says You're on 10 and 2 and then the B's 2 to 4 The B's last week I did okay It was kind of a You know, reasonable audition It was auditioning for an opening that doesn't exist But nevertheless, B's was alright He spoke more on Monday than he has all the previous time The only thing he used to do when he'd fill in Was play that magic wand thing you got Which I don't have that I don't know where the hell I was Yeah, that, that No matter what you'd ask him, he would play that And say yeah So let's just play that For four hours They maybe will throw in like one of these Yeah Why? Why? We could do that Because I think that it's going to really be You'll get some great calls this week, guarantee So on every day this week, 10 to 2 so we can jump right into what If I may be able to take some great calls You wait in the, I'm telling you I don't wait to wait No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Fantastic calls We're going to get this week for example WQA See, that's a good one WQA and hello Hi, Neil You know, the song popped into my head over the weekend And since you did a week playing a lot of stuff There's been guitarman songs about Sand of smoke and the Christmas trees that I just love Really? Do you know that one? What does that call? I think it's a song A Christmas song Or Christmas song Are we going to turn out, is it have a bunch of foul stuff in there? Nothing to recall Okay, well let's try Okay Have a right holiday For you don't know what the term is See, and we'll listen That the full Christmas The other has That creature was turned Not even about I could have sleep so I lay there in bed But not a millimeter close to my head I heard an orange I jumped up the cliff What did I have or I could be I looked around the corners Quite hard to believe I saw a Santa but he did not see me I saw the bears I thought he'd make a sound We pulled toys from his bag And he'd spread them all around He filled my stockings with cartridges And then he sat down And what I saw next is a motion To us down He walked through the tree And he tore off a branch He reached in his pocket And he pulled out a branch Straight up some needles Stop him in his pipe Then he struck the match And he gave it a life His eyes grew small as she started to blow He walked through the tree And he built another bowl He started to hold But it came out he was like The Santa Claus called us But smokey, my Christmas tree All right But in that there's a Santa Claus Did I know But you got high He said, how you think of Santa Cool, what a reindeer fly Where would have been all the cookies and milk If I was high And that was the night The Santa Claus caught one buzz But smokey, my Christmas tree Wow, that went to bed It was better than for our carrot It was clean So I mentioned right at the SN of the show on Friday Because I got that friend of call from Norwich Can't write near the end of the show That I've a resound for two more years So we're going to be here for more years On a four more years on QAM There were some feasers from the serious people And from the XM and stuff like that And it's not a sure thing See how I could sure thing Even though the page is sometimes it's not exactly on the day It's within a few days here Things like that I like a sure thing when it comes to my money I'm sure And of course those people are complaining And bitching about what you know Commercial radio, it's going away of the dinosaur And all the Santa Crab Instead of sticking around to try to survive They're running away from it I don't want mention names you understand For some people get very sensitive about that Why you rip it home already And I'm not ripping Howard I'm just saying he's running away And more power to him The FCC said I'm not going to mess with satellite radio And he can say whatever he wants The F-word, the after a little while It's, you know, after you say those words Over and over again It doesn't lose their meaning But I'm a little bit disturbed Just disturbed A little disturbed about the fact that there is That color last week pointed out there's a fart sound And the end of it are promos And I hadn't heard it And then right toward the end of the steering show This morning I heard that Maybe it's just a raspberry, you think Yeah, that'll be it Sounded like a fart sound to me And we're pretty disturbed about it, Joyce So we'll have to figure that out It was an raspberry It might have been an assberry 1793 votes on a pool from Friday And we want to apologize Joyce has the opportunity now to take an hour and a half or two And apologize to the audience For screwing up stories Oh, I think he's having internet issues Yeah, my bad That's it, you're bad It's all like you're bad I mean, I'm sitting here in the middle of this freezing It is so cool to hear Mama, you wouldn't believe it Holy It's like a windshield minus 32 in the temperature Minus 23 Celsius, whatever that is I'll take a what it is it's damn cold It's side or it looks really nice inside Like a picture postcard It's colder than the end of the world And I'm looking every day to see a Saturday Where's those bedtime stories for our website They're not on there same crap from Friday I'm looking at today Where's this stuff from that I sent and the same crap from Friday again I come to find out that trash is having internet issues again I don't want to mention bell south because You know they'll get maddy bell upset One thing that is written into my new contract is we can't get maddy bell upset More than four or five times a day, that isn't there All right, I'll keep care We can't step on it more than four or five times an hour Almost 18 hundred votes on the pool not that that's a great What's that time of the year? That's why we know we're just floating our way through the end of the year Tomorrow we got the trend coming out Oh, yeah That's really pretty interesting because it now and just stop and think about this When the entire fall book comes out keep in mind October and November December that's not going to happen tomorrow But the one and the following month when the whole book We'll be losing that got off the September Right the hurricane months when there were like about how many diaries got sent back I'm turning man I write we in the last limbo looking redneck trailer trash and I was about it Nobody said a diaries back because there are busy fighting three hurricanes in a matter of weeks And so as a result we really got hammered we got hammered I always think in a hammered and before I windy results of the pool since we have lots and lots of time What's the scuttle butter round of building? What's going on with the hammer with the geleads? He owns December and there's no hockey insight looks like maybe two years of no hockey What's the story around there? I don't know so haked before I went on vacation We could be honest what he said he said I see who I was going to get a warm handshake to see you know how things going Yeah, that's all. Do you really? Yeah, I like hey my Hank likes you you know there's so much of a voice But that one and Josh likes you Josh actually said I gave Josh a choice when we took the pool last I'm talking about Josh court is certainly not anybody else with that name He's trying to get his boyfriend in there for your job But I asked Josh right on the air. Who would you rather have on there? Who do you like working when he said George? I got spyre course of it. Yeah, well, that's why he said because he knew he'd get spyre course And that you're very insecure and paranoid. I can't imagine anybody in secure queue and why would I be? Now what was I just going to say before I said then about talking about haked and goldie and yeah For dealers and I don't know what I don't know who's got what to deal But we'd be nice to find out because I still haven't signed this thing yet Okay, we come to the agreement, but I haven't signed it. I haven't even seen it yet normal. I haven't seen anything You know, this one's going to email me this to this one to go to do that And I'm just you know, I'm just like the meeting the middle. Like yeah, like our hamburger pair. I'm just the meeting the middle WQAM hello. We are so fucked Well, that was special when it he's right there. Huh? He's right there. Well, he is right We know that. Just kidding Who's your choice for 2004 personally or of course based on prize time magazine chosen busiest today One in a basic right now Anyway, Michael more one our pole hands down your pants. I mean not even close 532 532 next was bush with 167. I like that Michael more. I more than three times many votes from our crowd as W and almost beening W out for a second was SpongeBob Squarepants with 150 Yeah, you go Bob Barack Obama hundred and three he's a shining star on the horizon man. He's going to be I think he's going to be it In fact, I say Barack Obama for vice president in 2008 Howard Demon, Barack Obama, how does that sound? All right, beautiful. Don't like that. That would stick it. Yeah, you got Vermont and you got Illinois in the middle You got a Midwestern state. I'm trying to have a son on there. Yeah, John Edwards really needed a lot for a carry. Not didn't do anything He did absolutely nothing. I don't know what the big cinnish was about John Edwards. He was a good look in the name. He was not a good looking man I mean he looked you know better than Terry's I didn't even notice my ass huh That's what they were saying he's a good looking man a big mole a big thing on his look Yeah, a chunk around his look aren't yet. Is that a boil? I don't know Pat Tillman 90 and that's very sad Pat Tillman because being a former NFL star and volunteering bang over in Afghanistan What about all the other troops? Well, we didn't put that on the record probably because they huh? They were famous Yeah, that was what I said on Friday. I don't understand that pat Tillman 98 Howard Dean 76 John Stuart 72 Howard Stern 60 Dave's your pal 55 Lance Armstrong 51 parisultant 44. She kind of slid down later. Thank God. She's led Yeah, she ought to slide on it. She's tragic got a needle nose or she's ugly. She has no talent. She inherited a lot of money and she's just a publicity sequence slut Other than that and she had the video tape so so do you like the deal huh? So do you like her? No, seriously, do you like her? No, let's talk about our revolving all day. I'm so glad George is back. I like her the overall of anything Because I ever understand between the beast and Jarclized week I took such crap and then some car calls and one of these punks Oh, gee, you took over the beam goes good Oh, what she is yeah, she's a little you know music in type Thursday news and video Yeah, at least she can make some entertaining videos. You can sing till look as good as Brittany, but then again, who the hell does I take her over Brittany at this point You know, you know, you know, you know, here's a 44 Ken Jen. Well, you're right, pair Brittany didn't do well on this fool at all at all Ken Jennings 42 talk about sueds Bill Clinton 39. I think that show a strict Ricky Williams was on 60 minutes last I talked about smoke and magic weed I got he six. I mean Ricky So sad. I mean you can tell how we have this law going on. There's nothing really important. We got over 1300 troops in Iraq We got virtually over 60 67 people killed there over the weekend just in one explosion and in the meantime They're doing big segments about Ricky Williams on 60 minutes. I have about that beard. Yeah Look very impressive to me and he didn't want real people to know these smoke and a magic weed Here's a guy at whose hero is Bob Marley Bob Marley who wore dreadlocks until I finally went out to Australia Look in the mirror and sell what a freaky look like in the cut him off, but he didn't want to public note that he smoke marijuana Oh, Ricky Ricky Ricky, what is your story man? Grow up get a life anyway. He was under last night. I'm sure some of you saw it John Kerry 35 more Howard David in 33. Oh, they're very impressive showing by the most during the man to the year for 2004 Too bad he couldn't be here to have sent his award. Y'all be 26 25 for shack. I will be 19 type of Donald Trump and Joshua's tummy. She wouldn't get any votes 19 because you're more than bringing Yeah, I hooked her. She tied with Donald Trump Trump on all Schwarzenegger 16, Kurt Shilling 16, praise the Lord, Kurt Shilling Good Bush, Bush, Bowton, Godfur in Peace of Crab. Speaking of Godfur in Peace of Crab, now Gibson who made millions and millions off the suckers Oh, did you see the second that you see 60 minutes last night? No, I missed it. Oh, they had this thing about this toilet bowl of Jesus Well, what it looks like a toilet bowl. Yeah, what is this thing? I don't want to say there are any Israeli frakers For years, I've been trying to warn you don't do business with the Israelis because they're all a bunch of sharpens and the con artist And this guy, his thing is all these religious artifacts that he keeps a manufacturing, I mean finding this is a very manufacturing And this thing that supposedly looks like a toilet bowl, what they'll do they call it? I'm not going to know it A sister. Yeah, that was exactly a sister in the brother And then they expected the carving. I said something about the Joseph steppedfather of Jesus or brother of Joseph is or whatever it It looks like. I was watching a really interesting thing only because it was an HD a few days ago on the great fire of Rome in the 64 AD right? Neuro and of course, the fact that 50 years later, Tassettists wrote all this stuff about well, Neuro I've burned the city down because he had his own plans for it and we can't define it I've been the oldest investigative work and it's mostly a bunch of bull crafts not true. He wrote it 50 years after it happened Kind of sounds like that Jesus story that Paul saw whatever his name really was in the early 90 years later after he read Jesus But I shouldn't be sending a Christmas time. That's like saying hey kids, you know Santa Claus, but guess what? Hey kids There's no Santa Claus anyway, Mel Gibson 15 speaking of Jesus Janet Jackson and they want to stay at 14 apiece ever seem to gather No same person Britney Spears down to 11. That is amazing talk about falling on hard times Tom Brady six Peyton Manning six and Gary Bettman little needle nose Gary had only three Gary Bettman the hockey anti-Christ That was pretty good over the 1800 votes We're going to play a lot of and the sad part of it is I got a whole pile of really important stuff here, but that would be I don't know I just don't think I ought to be doing that this way. Do it. Yeah, get out of here. You're crazy Leave me all all bitch shows for me on Thursday. No way. I'm not that much ever playing all bits. Here's a Vita curtain Speaking of a falling on hard times. Well, things are getting little slim now Ursula and Rich. She was just on their few days ago She's back again. We had karma electric twice although that second picture do be stellar is pretty good And here's Ursula andress who I already gave you the bio and I'm not going to do everything she was born in 36. She's still alive though Right, she's an old baby baby she's 68 now, but the picture was taken back in the day when she looked just fine. It's okay It's not a lot of our great picks, but it'll have to do or scrape and buy it. Now we are scraping it by Here's our poll today which best described your feelings about Christmas or should I say X miss? Now that we have all this these battles going on here. Oh, they're taking the Christmas out of Christmas. They've taken Jesus You know, I'll say it again. Both sides. You got crazy people on the one hand those people will say oh, you shouldn't be put a Christmas Behind her Christmas tree is not a religious symbol. It has nothing to do with religion. Any more than the menorah has anything to do with it It's just symbolic of the eight days with the oil and that but but you know they're harmless as opposed to the Divinity scene or anything like the mousosa on the door stuff like that. And I'll say it again in my building here None of that crap is allowed anybody's door. They will actually throw you out of window if you put that crap up And that's a way it ought to be good keep your super stations in fairy tales here. So you go out and celebrate go to church Do whatever you want if there's a Christmas tree in them all and there should be a Christmas tree because they're making her Exploding it for all they can squeeze out of it. They want your money. So that's fine So the people they've streamed on the one side see the other ones that make advantage for the rest of us Who try to be a little bit tolerant of people as a foibles, but nevertheless let's best describe your feelings about Christmas I got six choices on there my favorite holiday important birth of our savior. Oh, he's not a fact that's just your right Yeah, sister and we had it he was hiding it sitting on the toilet. It looked like a bowl on the toilet. Look like the tank on your toilet Yeah, I mean that little sacral just course he wasn't as rarely so we'd be just in feeling really just significance for Jesus I'll let's see Christmas is my favorite holiday important birth of our savior painting the ass Bracom to expensive fun or strictly for goyam those are the six choices there And the reason I put that strictly for goyam is there a lot of Jews who celebrate Hanukkah and Christmas You know right they did token Christmas lives. They they told their token at Christmas time like parents Thomas and like Ricky Williams stuff like that So that's the poll for today. Let's see in fact I ought to be changing the polls. I'm not used to that yet. It'll take me while he used to that It'll also take me while this week to use to four hours again at least through the end of the year. Want to take you a little Yeah If they only knew you know they only knew okay, let's see. I'm gonna write I'm gonna vote strictly for goyam is the way I look at it It is it to me. It's not a pin in the ass anymore because I don't it doesn't affect me. I just don't get involved in it And I'm smart enough not to go to the shop at the shopping mall like right now is probably not a really smart time You know, especially the fact that it's like minus 32 windshield and everybody is out of their mind shopping and going nuts So there goes strictly for goyam five six seven. Oh five sixty bombs in Karbala and the job kill 67 over the weekend Deadly Karbalm is just that and of course everything is going right according to hoi all we're fry. It's really good Deadly bombs hit the Iraqi she had Muslim holy cities of Karbala and a job killing 67 now yesterday In the job for suicide car bomber proud his vehicle in the way funeral possession exploded and just yards from the cities Imam Ali shrine Imam Ali remember him who I think he was kind of my kill at least 51 people ahead of Iraqi security operations said Hospital officials said at least 92 people were wounded and then hospitals were overrun and fearing the injured Facilities outside the city and a co-sign about this one was over here and these people died over there Just more chaos and bloodshed just in time for those elections January 30. I'll be really good now that we have order in sanity We stood in our rack any American public is oh, yeah, this is really good We're spreading democracy freedom John and march here right bloodshed is on a march all these people are dying and for what does anybody have an answer? No, but we don't care about that because it's the holidays right? See now is a good excuse to be totally just turned off from any of that because it's the holiday Yeah, it will be a skin-scoer. Oh, it's a Hanukkah just ended now. It's Christmas time and then pretty soon. It'll be New Year And then it'll be some other crap. That'll be Easter, right? And then it'll be the fourth of July. We don't have time to be worrying about such crap because this the American effin way WQAM hello the Miami dolphins are on the clock Tonight I'm glad he mentioned Miami dolphins tonight's the game I'm gonna be sitting in front of my HD with my heat cranked up real heavy duty Patriots at the P.P. Park. Let's take a lower-asked schedule. Shall we? That mad dog. He's got the what 75 weeks vacation in this videos And it wow Perna Stevenson today because mad dogs after it's a ballpark course with his best close personal friend No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. He's like poison Curtis Stevenson two to four then they got the the Humper is on from I can barely read that. Is it four to five is that one to says? It's four to five Humper and P.P. Park for an hour and then because yeah, because we got to have the game as a Monday night game So it starts at nine o'clock so we got to have the four hour pregame festivities to get all the spots in Dolphins countdown a kick off from my now He's guilty still on it or he just wrote you into her cones now. I think you got tossed off of that. I would know Dolphins countdown maybe he just wanted off of that if he has me Could want to be associated with the dolphins pay trips at the dolphins that could be really ugly My final score prediction is like 42 to six for annoying with then of course Dolphins point after goes on and I'm so we can get all those spots in Mooting Switch I'm so sorry, I thought it was a lot of force. It's so hard, I think this is the idea. Not at all. You can be older or no, the cold is the older, you get somebody else to peel. Are you lying? No, we're not going to take the thing out of the way. I'm going to position to choose the typical performance with the extra meat after the final one. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. It's my favorite moment when I was choosing my intention. 1031.9 to 11 and 560 WCM are on all four hours this way because during is on long extended vacation to life for the first of the year. So we get our 10 to 11 hour back. Are we lucky? Yeah, fortunate. 37 votes out there on a full which not to thrilling. That's because there's nobody listening right now. There's nobody around. Everybody's either out of town or the donor last month or half a shopping. They're they're otherwise they're okopado doing something else. But we'll you know plot our way through right? We're getting paid for it. So them 37 votes is all we got which best describes your feelings about Christmas. Pain in the ass a dozen. Blackthumb. Strictly for go I am eight my favorite holiday eight to a expensive five important The birth of our savior three and fun one one for fun and one for all. Okay, newspapers come with two-cux tan fliers. I don't want to read a lot of these stories today. We'll see a bunch of allegiance maybe we call. Campaign of the set you used to push pay for you out of song up the charts. Dennis Roddy a Catholic crusaders Pious Ponsor real ripped job on William Donahue. We despise like poison of the Catholicly. Small plane strikes radio tower killing two KFI and LA. You see that? No, I didn't. KFI. Are you sure? Um 2001 memo reveals push for broader presidential powers. Adjusted to Department of Lawyer may have been laying the groundwork for the nation long before we discussed publicly by the White House. Signature on debt letter fuels rum cell criticism. He was like using a poison pen. I mean one of those mechanical signatures on all those letters to the families of the dead. Saying oh, I'm so sorry. I mean the right. He was using a machine to set his apology, which means he wouldn't pay. Intention at all. He doesn't care. Okay. He's a miserable bastard who deserves to be fired at it immediately. If not sooner. And of course he's part of that evil triumphant. You got the cheney and then bush and then rum spelled in that order. And that's why you'll notice with almost everybody else in the cabinet. Fan boost not rum spelled. Karris email message is fuel messaging or TV news which is taking special delight in his problems and believe we there are many just ripping an ass to bald head of Bernard Karris. And I'll say it again. I don't care what anybody says. But you know this chemical li that they're grilling and questioning your way to fire Zass right. You see it among the news not lately. If they shave this head bald, he's Bernard Karris. I'm telling you it's scary. In fact, maybe it is Bernard Karris. Maybe that's the way they're going to get even. I'm ship is asked to a rack put him on trial and fries ass. But I was chemical li. Chemical li who died how many times already. Not turned man. Cut they're like the everybody kid. He's got a whole bunch of lives. Let's see. Paul majority of senior support medical marijuana. Christmas cracked on binge drinking. Groups push for religious displays of Christmas. And that's the Apollo stuff I got. See you're one here in the stories. I want to hear that bill done. He's sorry. The one? The two line you. Yeah. I don't know if you'll build on you. I'll can't put it on time for my pile. It's not really very long thing because I'm not reading those five and six page stories during the holidays. What's the point? You know, you just sit around the heaven. Have a little cup of coffee in the sub sandwich over there. Chuck Sub Center. Josh and you and me and maybe are good friend Maddie Bill. Right. And we could be discussing that as opposed to like wasting all the vegetable air time when we got these important calls coming in. You'll see we're going to get some great calls today. Please. You'll see. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I can't do the garden in Sanvo. I got a car. I got a car. No. But he's got his own special. No one else does it like him. Yeah. I kind of like that. Do you want to hear? Yes sir. Happy holidays to you, pal. Yeah. I got some advice for Ricky. He needs to go in and open up the ham shop. Go. Yeah. Okay. He says he needs to go ahead. But I hate your office. What he says. They said we have a good hand on your shoulder. Or he had to use some head and shoulders and clean out with sloth from him. Drillax. They cut off. He's a little scruffy looking there. He looks sign that he's doing at a robber's stuff. What is he doing? There's a name for it and I forgot. Some weird Indian holistic healing. He's been holistically. He's been holistically. And he's getting a lot of massages in the massaging like ego and avocado. Any apology to anybody else and the team sucks anyway. And I'll say it again. In fact, at 60 minutes with the vote. This is the same show. The highly touted usually pretty good show that delayed the broadcast to telecast. That was going to really the Sunday before the election. Tell a whole world about what a scam it was about how they had lied to their teeth about Making excuse to let us invade Iraq again for the second time. Which I wish you to see in that CBC show. Oh man. Just rip chanian ass and however, in about all the offshore offices that we got like in the Canary Islands where they just have. They just just a peo drop. They got an empty office where the lights aren't even turned on and they got a peo box drop and That's the came in island 10 quarters for Halibur. And having that offshore office and a bunch of other ones like that allows them to do business with their ran and Iraq and Libya and countries that have been. This allowed against the law. I mean, it was just an unbelievable hour. But that was on Canadian TV in the fifth estate. You won't see that in the US estate because it's too much truth involved there. And because the media of all been over and said, okay, stick it to us. Well, whatever you say, that's what we'll do. We'll report only what you allow. Whatever the your stop up permits. And that's what they're doing. And does anybody really care? No. No. That's why we ought to quit talking about it. My point is, while we don't care what you're pointed, but you're like that. Yeah. Afghanistan can be certain of America's continued friendship. I've just like there were the last time. Remember that? Our difference the mood. Right. Dennis Roddy of Catholic. Now, whatever he's kind of Rod Roddy, who by the way still is dead. He, they buried him on those expensive silk suits that used to buy in a Thailand. That's a boy in Thailand. He said that. From when I heard that's why I used to go there. Two reasons, silk suits and whatever else. But he's dead Rod Roddy and he was huge and fat, gigantic fat. In fact, I think he used to be buddies with jewelry rebels. You're good pal. Back in the Buffalo days. WKBW? Rod Roddy used to work there. You know that? No, I didn't know that. I think Joey used to tell me all kinds of stories about Rod Rod Rod Rod. I am that hemorrhoid. Another backstab of jewelry rebels. Wow. Oh man. Speaking of radio people, nothing to interrupt. Whoever sent this facts about Joyce Kaufman's arrest report didn't come through. Could you resend it please? Well, why are you arrest for one? There's a list here. So I'm going to get the whole thing. Get out of here. Joyce Kaufman? Right. This is a BSO copy of a booking report. Nobody has any idea who that is first of all except for Norma Kent. Nobody. And the four or five real trauma lights up there. The radio, chronics, the talk show of chronics. They would know Joyce Kaufman from George S. Kaufman. I'm a what is that? From Andy Kaufman. That's got to list of her tattoos here. Joyce Kaufman's got tattoos. Four of them according to this. Oh no. What about going on her breast? I have never seen her. I've barely even know who that is. I'm used to being a likeful. I think she's still on one of those five lot stations now. And they got the 85 talk show host of King of the Japanese place. They'll sign. She has a wave on her back. She's doing the way. Yeah, you're doing the way. Yeah, you're doing the way back. Hi, Joyce. How's the bird with the rose? Are you wanted me to do this story? You want me to come to you? You need to talk about somebody that nobody has any of those. Or should we do the thing from William Donahue with those. Always got that nasty hateful always pissed off the world. They're picking on us. I'm picking on us for cat likes. You want to be a low for your good friend, Dennis? I think they already have it. In fact, they wouldn't even have to change the last name from what I understand. Just put in the middle. What you've done, he will band it as post is a professor at La Roche College to take up the role of Donahuehody of the Catholic Lady. Recently, Mr. Windmill and ran his land straight through the feelings of Jewish Protestants and number of ex-Catholics, and while Merry Christmas everybody can grab a helmet while you're at it. Donahue is the president of the Catholic League, which hunts out signs of anti-campus Catholicism. It's evidence has ranged from the blatant likely left behind books to the imagined like the occasional theatrical satire. Mostly he's been handy as talking to him on the cable networks, and that's how he ended up on MSNBC's Scarborough Country, which was being hosted for the night by ecumenical powerhouse Papi of Canon. Donahue was asked to explain why Mel Gibson's the pastor of the Christ wasn't getting big buzz for an Academy Award. He said this, Tally would have controlled by secular Jews who hate Christianity in general and Catholicism in particular. It's not a secret, okay, and I'm not afraid to say it. That's why they hate this movie. It's about Jesus Christ and it's about the truth. It's about the Messiah. Tally would like anal sex. They'd like to see the public square with our activity scenes. I like families. I like children. I like abortions. I believe in traditional values and restraint. They believe in libertyism. We have nothing in common. But you know what? The culture was been ongoing for a long time. Their side is lost. You've got secular Jews. You've got a bitter sex catalyst, including a lot of ex-cathletes. Pre-Stoothic Catholic Church. Wackle Protestants in the same group. And these people are in the margins. Frankly, Michael Moore represents a cult movie. Mel Gibson represents the mainstream of America. Let us put aside the irony that on that day that he received an Academy Award for Boying for Columbine, Michael Moore likes long cat, like it's a trended mass. Let's disregard the fact that Mel Gibson not only does not represent mainstream America, he doesn't represent mainstream Catholicism. He belongs to a schismatic group that doesn't honor the authority of the current Pope. Let us instead ask Bill Dhani, who why he seems to have a bad case of the Jews on the Brain. Is there anyone in the world that has an ability to Hollywood? Is essentially a Jewish town he asked me? It's like asking the question, who runs the Chinese restaurants in China, and the town who runs the mafia, the Italians he said. This is the spokesman for the Catholic League. Oh great, right. Donna Hughes's fixation seems to be less than animus toward the Jews than a willingness to use them, not to mention Wackle Protestants for a political leverage. His precious releases of the past six years have often included a what if they said this about the Jews' angle and complaining about everything from plays that make fun of the Catholic rituals to reading cards that make tired Catholic jokes. I typically say Black Susan Gaze told me, true enough, he was once asked how the Democrats could win Black Catholic voters, and suggested they could begin by thinking of Catholics as if they were all homosexuals. I realized that's a dicey thing to say Donna Hughes said, but the media elite, the secular elite, tend to have certain people that are their favorites. This sort of envy by a group that is now in large mergers, so fully assimilated that we sometimes resemble lost, with a meatless lent, cannot be healthy, and the language in which is being expressed takes on an age of hatefulness. I don't think Donna Hughes and anti-Semite nor to Schmooli-Botath, oh God, the Orthodox Rabbi, and fellow MSNBC panelists who challenged Donna Hughes' slur moments after it sprang from his lips. I like him I respect him Botath told me, I don't believe he's anti-Semitic, and I think what he said on the air was repulsive, and troubles me they doesn't understand what was wrong about what he said. Donna Hughes betrays no such understanding. He says, I think it's time people have an open conversation about this. I suspect it's underway now, and it started out ugly, says Dennis Roddy, no kind of robber out even if it's bird post. And that lovely? Speaking of hate groups and hate individuals, Nate Monders, and stuff like that. And I don't want to ruin your holidays. Oh, and see, here you go again, right on the heels of that William Donning, they sent four hours of evil over a ledge to be with somebody who finds this information, cargo tribute. Do you even during the holidays there are views in little boys? Huh, you think they can count? Well, maybe for the holidays, huh? The dice is of Gary Indiana, as put a priest on administrative leave for allegedly, sexually abusing a minor while serving in Orlando during the 80s to each official set over the weekend. The bishop of Gary, the bishop of Boyd Gary, the most Reverend Dale Melchick, placed Reverend Richard Emerson 52 passed to the Notre Dame parish in Michigan City Indiana on leave. Emerson's future in the church depends how the Vatican reacts to an official report on Emerson's alleged abuse of the minor dice. The official said, the action culminated a two month investigation by a panel of eight lay people in two priests who questioned the accuser and accused. As far as I know, no one else has come forward said Brian Old Juuss, he dies each spokesman referring to whether there were other accusations of this conduct against Emerson, no kind of Ralph Waldo, by the way. And he never laid any radios. He's got a big white Emerson radio when I was a kid. Man, I was a good radio. You know what? Yeah. Back in the day. It was a big square, you know, look at table radio. Right? You don't see those anymore. Do people actually still have table radios near homes? Yeah. Yeah, they sell them. That those, not only have not asked them to sell me, I know the boistern course is great. That's very son of a son. But I don't know if people like most people had like a big. This was a big, I'm not talking about the really gigantic before you were born radios. It was like a table model like furniture. We had the stereo. It was the record player radio. It was a cat. Right. Right. We'll kind of like a similar idea, but floor model radio. You used to have that was like, A M and short wave. There was no FM. I don't take back in the day when I was like 100 years ago when I was a child. And here's something like radio Moscow on that's how it became a communist. That was a new radio. Come on, East Egg. Come on, East Egg. No, seriously, radio Moscow and voice of Europe and voice of America and all that crap. And like Judy Canova on Sunday nights and the Jack Benito and Gun Smoke with William, what's his name? Canaver. Conrad and Superman with Bud Coyer. Well, I was with a days man. Where radio was really great. It's supposed to now one most of it is crap. So anyway, this other story about the great hate in America. The newspapers come with coup-clutch tan fliers. Norch's are charged. Well, when residents in summer is of Louisville, Kentucky picked up their morning papers last week, they found fliers for the coup-clutch tan wrapped around them. The newspapers included the daily courier journal and three other publications including one from the southeast Christian church. One reader Bernard Fowler told the courier journal that the fliers born application, which you would test that you are white and not a Jewish ancestry. They also had a statement opposing day marriage, he said, gay. And it encourages those who oppose it to join the KKK. Linda Prassell, vice president for Market Development for the courier journal said, We regret that the KKK is to have used old courier journal sections and other print products for the distribution of their fliers. Apparently they grab legitimate publications that can be wrapped and provide enough pefts to be thrown on drivers or porches. The courier journal was not condoned news of its products in this manner. There was a company involved in this distribution, she says, she'd be saying this. Well, yeah, if he'd look like wrap it around something that's like heavy duty, like a pretty easy to throw up like on your doorstep. Right? Well, there you go. I mean, I think the world would look really nice with a coupe-clutch plan flyer after I don't you? It's appropriate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know, once we get to 11 o'clock, man, then I'm leaving heavy duty on the bits and the stuff. Because I can already see we've exhausted most of the calls. There ain't nothing going on. We got the big ball game tonight. The dolphins though, I will tell you this. They will win one more game. After watching yesterday's, you know, I got the package now. I told a bunch of different games. That was fun watching that game in the snow. Do you see any of that Josh? No, I didn't get to. These San Diego Cleveland game. I saw the highlights. That's it. Oh, see, back in the day, once upon a time we used to watch the games in the mud and the snow, everything before they had a lot of these dome stadiums and things. Man, that was so great. That's where it's at. Yeah, it's exciting. And then, of course, Jacksonville and Green Bay last night, that was pretty exciting too. That was a good game. Yeah. I was hoping that Dick Inberg would follow all of the booths and take a Dan Deer door for them. When Dan Deer door said something about props for the offensive line, that was the best. If somebody opening my door out there, I hope not. Uh-oh. I must be next door. Oh, it sounded like somebody was like opening my door. Maybe it's a little bit. Maybe it's a little bit. Maybe it's a little bit. Hold on. Hold on. They're cleaning the next door. But anyway, the browns are, I think they could be worse than the 49ers. I think you're right. They are just put. And of course, guess who will mold them in what they become today? Who would that be? Oh, come on. I'm not a great UM coach. Yeah, but stay. Much dive it. Now you're going to say right. Much dive it. There you go. Of course, take a look at Dennis Arson out there, which we just try to forget about a couple of weeks ago. And then we realized when the dolphins are one at rear of victory are there. Dennis Arson coaching the 49ers. What does that tell you? Dennis Arson, San Francisco, the team that's won two games all season. And there's a book's dive. It's got his ass candid cleave them. We're the team that is so unbelievably inept. That it's just scary. That often's will when that game. If they lose that game, I suppose this band of franchise. I agree. I mean, there's no way they could lose. And of course, they'll be bouncing back after the night's tremendous embarrassment at the hands of the world champion, knowing when patriots. It's going to be ugly. You'll be there, right? I will with my tickets. That's what hopefully didn't give away to Fathboy. Please. Finally, come on in the studio. George has got some for your five boys called his foot up your ass. And believe me, there's a big target. Trust me. Probably get several feet in there. Pretty small foot though. Oh, guess what? Speaking of, Washington of foot. Remember the scene in Fargo where the foot he's like through the woodchipper? He's a piece of the blood. And then the foot is sticking up to him. Yeah. It was very funny. Fargo was on again last night. And I just couldn't turn it off. I just thought we made to make see a so good in your franchise. Whatever that actress is, the plays the elite, the pregnant lady, Compt. That was fun. That was a good movie. Right. It's got a flavor to it. Yeah. Hard to turn off. And that North Dakota, uh, like cornball. Yeah. Nice day. I'm getting caught. I'm running. That's just great. It was a pretty interesting. He was shoving the guys into the wichever. And they're just like that too, by the way. Which is a pretty creative way to get rid of a body by the way. For anybody out there is going to kill somebody for the holiday. Maybe earlier, relatives that's good down in your nerves a little bit too much. Get the old wichever out in the backyard and just, uh, man. Co-workers. Work like term. Yeah. Oh, boy. You could shove Matty Beltu in there like, uh, we just like a broom handle. About 30 seconds. I would think about turning me. Yeah. Only I don't think we'll come out red. I think probably we'll come out like we've spurt and brown in all directions. The politician who won't say pledge of allegiance, maybe we call this is my kind of guy. I like this a lot. This is great Denver. This is likely a story that I never got to, but I put it on the way where at least I hope to put it on the way. What I'm saying over the weekend, whether I ever got up on, I don't know. Because Josh has issues with Beltu out again. His internet service really blows and we're hopefully trying to do something to make sure that we, that that was pretty embarrassing to me with our big time on website and no stories on there. I play horror for it. Huh? Well, just to get him all whipped up, you know, and he bailed your ass out last night all of a fairly late. And then he emails me around nine o'clock last night. Oh, if they're not up, if the stories aren't up in a few hours off for a few hours, what does that mean? Now he did get him on there right away, but if they're not up in a few hours, like by three in the morning, I'm sure we're going to have a lot of people reading our bedtime stories on the arrogers.com of three in the AM. Come on, Eric, get with it. Okay. He's probably busy at the parliament house till least two thirty. Denver, a recall election is now set for an SD's park Colorado trustee who refuses to stand up and recite the pledge of allegiance during the town board meetings. I have not been standing for the pledge of allegiance to the conflict I have with the wording of the pledge. Specifically words, under God, Councilman David Haberker said, Good for you. You go, boy. Haberker said it's a violation of church and state to include the words in the pledge and for that reason he won't stand. This ties it with that I was talking about last week about forcing you to stand at the implication of football games like tonight. How about one nation under. Damn God. How would that be? The board began reciting the pledge before meetings earlier this year. This suggestion of trustee Laurie Jeffrey Clark. I wonder if she's connected Jeff Clark used to be the sales manager at IOD. Another real plus. She suggested that there's a way to show respect for the country during wartime. Jeffrey Clark said Haberker is expressing his personal views, not representing town people when he sits down. Haberker received on the town board for twelve years and he doesn't oppose the meaning of the pledge and considers himself a patriotic American. But some other council members and residents are upset about his actions and have enough signatures to hold a recall election that will occur on Tuesday, February 15. All residents will vote on whether to recall David Haberker and a choice for his replacement in the event of a recall passing the recalls expected cost of $1,000. I'm sad for the community that there's that much intolerance in our community, but if the people don't have a voice on what's going on, this is the way of doing it. And I will respect whatever the wishes that the community are Haberker said. Esties Park, which has about 5,500 residents, is the eastern gateway to Rocky Mountain National Park about 60 miles northwest of Denver. And I have a feeling I know the kind of people who live there near the Rocky Mountain National Park don't you? Oh yeah. So at any rate they'll probably say, out with your ass okay because you're just exercising your own freedom and your own personal views and that's probably known to prove it. That's no longer the American, I think in the way especially in the other, we've got the Nazi party running in the country again for another four years. So I would consider that they were. Yeah. We're disturbed over the whole thing. I don't want to keep reading all these stories. Huh? It's too much like doing a regular show. I thought this week we're not doing regular shows. Don't we? We've got three to do so. Huh? You can just blow it out. When you don't blow it out, how's that pull coming? I do want to get a lot of calls into this. This is the holidays. I'm sure a lot of people out there just dying, which is all a QM, the entire staff. I happy holiday. Thank you for the great work we've done for them in the past 12 months. But you think they want to do that? No. No. They're like, no. Sure they did. Which makes describes your feelings about Christmas. That's a nice timely pull question. We got 140 votes. That's pretty weak. That is pretty weak. You better lean on that pull so we feel like there's somebody out there. Okay? Or we're just going to play... Oh, sorry. What are you saying? Curtis, Stevenson's going to be doing that between two and four for the mad dog, but he's just hours in. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Oh, no. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Anyway, 140 votes. Which rest describes the way you feel about X now? I mean, Christmas. Don't take the Christ out of Christmas for Christ's sake. Painting? Painting? Yeah. Well, who's else sake would you do it for? How about... Oh, God. Yeah. I really don't care. Do whatever you want. Whatever makes you happy. Okay. String all the bulbs in the lights and make the big, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny. Just like the people with the firework son of 4th in July and all these other, you know, whatever. Whatever turns you on. Painting the S51 to a expensive 26, my favorite holiday 26, strictly for Goi M14, fun, 12, and important the birth of our Savior only 11. Since the religious significance is, I hate to break the news to Bill Abilia Donahue, but it's, I think, in the past, it's strictly economics now. All the business people are desperate during this part of the year to make all the big bucks and if they don't do it now, they're screwed. They're done. They're screwed and tattooed. They're finito. Right? Right. I think that's some businesses who, like, 50% of their entire year's business, to part of the business. The beginning of the business between 40 and 60. Yeah. Between Thanksgiving and the end of the year. So they got to do it right now. So it's a matter of survival of them. Forget about Jesus and Mary and the manger and the Savior and the this and the dad and all there. It's a matter of survival of the people who have to lease your time when it's more good laying to be made. All the holidays now just become commercial enterprises. It's, you know, great to have the time off. And then, of course, the one thing that you folks are missing out on all this year. It's a bummer because both Christmas and New Year's wind up on a Saturday. And this year, the day after Christmas, which all around the rest of the world is boxing day, the 26th is on a Sunday. Now, here in Canada, boxing day is like almost as big as Christmas. And they have all the stores open for boxing day sales. Once upon a time back in the day, they used to all be closed just like on Christmas day. And they closed for two days for boxing day, which I still don't know what it means. And you're officially related to it. Can anybody tell us what boxing day is? No, is that what you box stuff up? No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know what it is. Has nothing to do with like cardboard box. No, not that kind of box or like boxing in the ring. Somebody will tell us what that means. Boxing day. So they have huge gigantic sales in all the countries where I'll, although I noticed in Amsterdam, for example, after Christmas boxing day, the lot of the stores were closed. I don't know what that's all about. Well, somebody said, we will inform us on boxing day. It's very important. We have a lot of time to kill the day anyway. And all this week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Let's get one call in before we take the breaks. Okay. This all worked out just fine for me. I'm okay. Was I just fine? Was it just always painless? I was always like, you're a, hello. Yeah, boxing day is the boxing day of the gloves. The boxing day of the gloves? Yeah, I think you've got a glove in your act, oh, man. Come to the QM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Boxing day is when you get stuff for Christmas, right? Yeah. So you give away your old craft. You put it in a box and you give it to the poor. Yeah, I'm here. Is that really what it is? Yeah, it's really what it is. I'll accept the craft that you had for Christmas and you give it away to the old You've got some old junk. Oh, I see. When you get a new stuff for, so you take your old stuff. Box something old toast during you put it in a box and you give it to some little schlepper on the sweet corner. Exactly. Thanks a lot, pal. Yes, sir. I'm not sure if I believe that, but it sounded pretty good. You want to see me? You'll be Roger. Yes? Of course you'll. On 560 in and. And. This is the Neil Roger cell. This is your brain. Go go go go go go. Any questions? Please go play. I'm a crazy, my soul. Sing as in the bells over when nobody gets in. Sing as in the bells over when nobody gets in. I got a mind-grained, I can't say. I can't say. You know, this is my book. It's that sound. There's really what it is. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. I can't say. See 365. So 1145. Nearly a million. Withexamments. Lee's gifts, boxes, given to those who provide services throughout the year. Boxing Day is listed in the Canada Labor Code, that's LAB-OUR, of course. The Canada Labor Code is a holiday. And here's what month-old traditionally, Canada website, a little bit too short to kill any good time. The name of Boxing Day comes from the need to rid the house of empty boxes that after Christmas is acclaimed a lot of people make the, but it's false. False. Fewer Americans have anything that the Revens is such a thing as Boxing Day, let alone what the reason my fee for a holiday so named. However, before month concludes, we're about to wrap down a mirror-centric attitudes as this website, Snopes.com. Toward other cultures, we should quickly point out that even though Boxing Day is celebrating Australia, Britain, New Zealand and Canada, not all that many in those countries have much of a notion as to why they get to 26th of December off. Boxing Day might well be a statutory holiday in some of those lands, but it's not a well-understood one. Well, that's why we're here today to like straighten out for you, okay? That went out straight enough. Despite the live images suggested by the name, and has nothing to do with pedolistic expositions between tanked up family members who have been dearly looking forward to taking your round out of each other for the past year. Likewise, it is not gain its name from the overpowering need to rid the House of an excess of raffings and mountains of now useless cardboard boxes that they have to be sent in the grave to turn a perfectly charming early home into a maelstrom of this started tissue paper. The name also has nothing to do with returning Almighty GIFT to the stores they came from, hence its common association with hauling about boxes on that after Christmas. The holidays roots can be traced to Britain, of course, where Boxing Day is also known as St. Steppent's Day, or that's St. Stephen Steppent's. Stephen. Ian, so must be Steve Adonnell. Who'd Elmo, somebody St. in so little time? Reduce the simplest essence that's origins are found in a long-go practice of giving cash or durable goods to those at lower classes. He gives among equals where it's changed on or before Christmas day. But what is it? The nephesis and seas. What is that? The nephonuses, I don't have any idea what that word is to those less force there would be stored in the after. Wow, try to say that where I want to hear you say it. Well, I got to say it red. Beneficent. Beneficent. GIFT. For those of us for sure, why can't they just say GIFT? And that's about as much as anyone can definitely say about its origin because once you step beyond that point it's straightened the pragmar of the made claims and doole in folklore, which by the way is what were about to muddy our boots with. Although there is general agreements of the holidays of British origin has nothing to do with giving presence to the less fortunate, there still is dispute as to how the name came about or precisely what unequal relationship is being recognized. At various times, the following so-called origins have been loudly asserted as the correct one. And that's got to hold this to these centuries ago ordinary members of the merchant class gave boxes of food and fruit to trace people in servants that after Christmas in an ancient form of eulotide tip. Beneficent. These gifts went a special gratitude to those who worked for them in much the same way that one now tips the paper when asked to 20 bucks at Christmas or slips to building super intended to bottle a fine whiskey. These long ago gifts were done up in boxes hence today coming to be known as boxing day. And that's got a whole bunch of it. If we want to kill some time, like some day when you know like today. No, get out of here. We have lots of good stuff to play today and tons of great calls. You'll see five six seven. I think I'm getting like a sore throat. I think you'll be good at all this week. Huh? No, just a little scratch. What do you expect when it's minus 32 windshield man? Oh, God. It is just. It's nice and toasting here. Actually, am I sure about it? I got my T-shirt and my shirt and my walk in shorts. Not the flag ones that Moe sent me. I got my walk in shorts on because if he's sitting here like practically Stark naked, it would be not a good idea. WDQA and hello. Hi. Yes sir. Don't know if you saw that stamp but there's a bill of Martyr special on conservative radio and media. Previous employees of clear channel and and think that network is very good. Previous employees. Yeah, people that work for a simpler and clear channel. Uh huh. We can show it. I've done more in special. Okay. Moving down to the best place to take a taco shoe shoe. Okay, thanks. That's the last week's poll. We did it the best restrooms in town. We didn't say taco shoe shoe but nevertheless. Cajacogu. Yeah. 560560 pound 560 in a Verizon singular ride of land blooming bills. I'm sure they must have lovely tea rooms. A blooming bill. Although they're not lying to the limbo rock there like they do with the JC pennies in Westland. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Ah yes, I'm here. Yeah. Happy. Happy boxing day. And I want to take great job to the whole station and made the lowest lesson be on all of you especially the users. We don't believe on it anyway. Okay. Good day. There you go. Happy X-mas man. Merri Chinooka. Happy X-mas. I'd Joyce and Festive and you'll tie the new year and all the other crap. Okay. Just to make somebody some money that's all it is. And if you know what we ought to play now. What? That we never play. Well, it's because everybody forgot it. When it has the good stuff. Oh yeah. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system for my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass to everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless. And she was actually looking forward to doing it again. And was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will become in place for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say here. Stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here it is. I just pull it out of my ass. Anyway, in fargo last night there was a green line. Oh, he's a little giant for me. That's one of my favorites. Oh, he's a little giant for me. He's all the people in North Dakota, Montana. That's you everybody that age. Go to lunch, George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? Anyway don't see that movie. I already heard it. I've randomly thinking because I keep for you. And the sweet here after I filmed by Adam. I go. With the in-home. No, seriously. So highly-tounded and who is proud of computer was the one I called and always great. You had to be stone to watch and was really great. Well, you enjoy watching and movie stone and the computer must like a mall. Tell you that. Maybe you'd like to go see his play in Miami. No, no. Five, six, seven. I don't think we're going to go out of calls today. People are busy. It's like the plenty of the December and are counting down the final shopping days. They're in a frantic, desperate rush. Plus it's so cold and so Florida. Oh, yeah. It's in the 50s. Oh, geez. What are we going to say? Well, I'll bunch our spoiled pansies man. You want to know cold. You don't know from cold. Okay. I mean, just I'll take it when it's cold. When you walk outside in the windshield warning tells you that if you stay, if your skin is exposed to the outdoors too long, your face, your skin can freeze. Right? That's cold. Like it is right now. Toasty. It is really toasty inside bushes on it right now. But it's going to see an end for a breath of fresh air. Oh, look at that. It's already a toasty minus 18 Celsius. Now I'm going to reach a high minus 14 this afternoon. What's not to like? I'm going to be actually able to go outdoors for a couple of minutes to like the supermarkets and crap like that. Not too far though. 560 pound, 560 and a Verizon singular world of science. If you missed our show starting at 10 today, you missed out a great first hour. Oh, God. It's too pardous. That's it was phenomenal. And you're probably saying, well, how come you're on it? Because stirrens of vacation from Natalie in the year till January 2. So as a result, all this week, you get next to Volvus. And for those people just dying for George to come back like Maddie Bell. George would be on Thursday and Friday and then to the end of the year. So although Friday, I don't know, we got that straight now. Yeah, but he's working out of Clare. Oh, he's working out. I'll bed. That's what the beast told me. He's been working out a lot. WQM line 9. Hello. The LA. Yes, sir. Boeing alleys. Boeing alleys. Boeing alleys. Yeah, it's a great place to take a dope. Is it really? Yes. It's the real quiet during the day. And it's a big porcelain power thing. I've plenty of stalls. Uh huh. Okay. Well, I'm going to head down to Batavia to man. Kussela, uh, lanes. So whatever they called it. Man, Kussela family had a restaurant bowling alley. They owned pretty much the whole town back then. But they when I worked there at WBTA in Batavia, New York. That's 63. That's 41 years ago. Seeing the first place. Art. And we know. He's still. Bup. I mean, when you think he gave us a break for the holidays. Go away. Go to one on George. Bye. God, no, not you. I'm talking to George with a G. Did I had with the ashwers? Yeah, at him. No one. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. You always complain about how bad a government is. But you're not scared. You don't sound scared. What does that mean? You don't care what? Scared of what? The government bushing. No, I'm scared of any. It's like you run in the rye loose. That's what I'm scared of. You don't sound scared. Quishard. No. No. You're safe. Yeah, I'm safe. I'm far away where I'm safe. I'll be there soon. I'm going to hunt you down. Like a dog. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Come on. Two eight. And probably just as well. QAM. Hello. Too many idiots like that around man. Yeah. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. OK. Hey, how'd you see a petty cap on it? Every day in the same room. Right. They look a lot. Chronic. OK. They're on a material now. Told you. So now that's when we're going to kind of segue. This is the moment market down. Market in the log. This is the moment that we're going to start segue into playing a lot of great stuff for the holidays. Let me be like taking a casual call. And maybe even some of these bedtime stories if you push me, but I don't think so. Push. Pushing. Camping of the section used to push patriotic songs up to charts. This is so, so typical. That's why you ought to be afraid of what's going on in America right now. Not a year government. Oh, yeah. Of your government. That is of him. Yeah. Be very afraid you clown. I'm a secret in me or I'm a police officer. That's police officer. I'm a police officer. I'm a police officer. They're gone. This station presents real American heroes. We are American heroes. Tonight, we shall review Mr. New Year's eat, noise maker makers. Mr. New Year's eat, noise maker makers. That deafening racket is made possible by your quiet dedication to making cheap cardboard whistles. Play for blowouts and those plastic spinning things that go... ...with the... ...teethaw. You Mr. New Year's eat, noise maker maker. A simple and crummy plastic horn, but you know, your job's not done until you had stocky plastic friends. It's hardly me. No. It's time to make some noise. And wake up, all the neighbors getting... So at 12-03 AM, on January 1st, when you turn blow from to do like a fan for us, tip your 40 cardboard hat in salute to Mr. New Year's eat, noise maker maker. A real American hero. He's a nice make-maker. Hey, you but down I can't hear it, the Clark. You're gonna strike mine, don't say that. A Christmas for your longest sheep, sir. Because this girl lives a time. He's making all this, he's checking it tight. If you check the tights, why don't make some sign? That's fine, that's fine. It's time to eat, please. And noise, please. He's eating you when you're stupid. Hey, noise, when you're happy. He's eating you when you're stupid. Hey, noise, when you're happy. He's eating all this and he's eating so good. He's making a Christmas party. All you gotta be done. Over like this. Time gotta cook. And don't you cook that. That's what girls is gonna eat. To the house. We're so good. You're like that, I'll be home. Come on, he's over the fucking roof. I don't expect no requests. There's no time to record for me. So I'm gonna start with strangers. I'm gonna have to clean up. Time to start to record. Wait, wait, let me play chicken. Art for those girls. Time to drink and above the loud. So you don't have to reach out much. I'm gonna be home. I'm gonna be home. The party's diner mad. I'm gonna start a church. I'm gonna be home. I'm gonna be home. I'm gonna be home. I'm gonna be home. I'm gonna be home. I'm gonna be home. This year, Rain in the holiday season. With a voice that rains as clear as a jingle bell. It's a messy, gray Christmas. Oh, we're gonna be home. Oh, we're gonna be home. How is it going here? Oh, we're gonna be home. Oh, we're gonna be home. Grabbing a ward-winning bokeh list. Macy Gray. Sings in a style that's beyond compare. And a language that's beyond comprehension. Oh, we're gonna be home. Oh, we're gonna be home. On a macy gray Christmas. Macy sings all her you will type favorites. Like hi there here in a hurry. And this in this I forgot classic. Macy Gray Christmas. Macy Gray Christmas is available at your local can. Twenty after 11 at five, 16 WQAM. Two disgusting stories. All right, this one. I just don't get this at all. Katie pops up on list to take Dan's chair. Katie Kirk. Okay. Have you ever heard anything so ridiculous in all your life? Not lately. What about the Solanetal Brian? Or Nancy Gray. Nancy Gray, sure. We have a real pleasure. Semi-ass has a new name on top of it. So let's have a potential replacement for Dan, rather. Katie Kirk. A quite a broadcasting in Kable Magazine. CBS wants to land a superstar to take over for rather. And today's show, Diva is its top choice. Diva my ass. Oh, give them a break. You use a stick. Virtually everybody in the news pantheon who's younger than 60 is tied up even longer than Kirk or simply doesn't lot to give the magazine reports. Rather, a set of her veteran march. We've given the show about. CBS would likely name someone to take over the job on an interim basis. And make way for Katie when she becomes free in 2006. Oh, brother. Oh, my God. Early show, co-host Harry Smith, face-dance and moderator Bob Shefer, or 60 minutes correspondent Ed Bradley, among those mentioned as possible, placeholders. Kirk could command a salary of $20 million a year or more than magazine reports. Only David Letham and Horns about 31 million years from CBS. And Jay Leno, who's most recent deal, pays him 27 million in command B.C. But we pay more on network TV. Of course, Agent Alan Berger told a magazine there's nothing to talk about right now. But reports of Katie could not end up as the signature figure of CBS news. Our sure-does-end shock waves to the TV world is in the New York Post. CBS could kill two birds with one stone by stealing Kirk without only getting one of TV's fewer-maning superstar reporters, but would take her off the radio stop today's show. That would probably be a bigger favor to ABC where the Diane Sawyer hosted Good Morning America's gaining on today, but still trails in the CBS. CBS's wake-up show is far in third place. Since they had Brian Gumball on there, they just haven't been able to recover. Not to mention Jose Diaz Bolar, right? Correct. Mike, we too open to what changes the scenery of not hours. It says Katie's been getting up early for 14 years now. That is a disgusting thought. In fact, there's only one thing if they put Katie Kirk on his Yankehra, I would want to say the CBS news at that point. Mike, Mike, Mike! Yeah! So long, Brian Williams is looking better every minute. You know, now this story is going to make you want to puked. I'll get a bucket. Garvesman killed Iraqi after six. Okay. A North Carolina National Guard member thought to be the first US soldier convicted of murdering an Iraqi city snatched and shot the 17 year old boy after they had consensual sex according to court martial record released this week. Lovely. Private Federico Daniel Marrida, 21 of Biscoe, a tiny town south of Ashboro, North Carolina, clearly during the court martial in Iraq, shooting the Iraqi National Guard Private, whose name the army was held. And his private's are being held also. Marrida was sentenced September 25th to 25 years in prison and reduced in rank. He'll be dishonorably discharged. Army officials that forward operating based danger where the court martial was held, withheld details of the case saying the records had to be approved by a general. They released the records to the Rawley Dure of News and Observer on Thursday. Major Neal E. O. Brian said Army rules require that most of the names be inked out, including the vet of the victim. The LA Times reported shortly after the court martial division's name was Falazza Gham. According to the records, Gham and Marrida were in guard duty mail. In a tower on the perimeter for the army can't near to Crete in northern Iraq. About 1030 PM Marrida shots again, reportedly with his M4 carbine, carbine. The gay panic motive was the third that Marrida offered. He first told investigators that Gham demanded money at gunpoint. Later, he said he killed Gham because the boy forced him to have sex. This is an American soldier. Interviewed a third time by skeptical investigators Marrida said he got angry after the two had consensual sex. When the boy went to the latrine, Marrida became the crack and excuse for killing him. According to the records, Marrida told investigators that he picked up Zagans, AK-47 rifle and chambered a bullet so that it was ready to fire. He then pulled out the magazine, which held the rest of the bullets and put it aside. When it doubt he pulled it out. When Zagans returned, Marrida handed the gun back. And he then grabbed the boy's trigger finger, forcing him to fire a bullet into the ceiling. More than radio, the camp headquarters at Zagans had tried to kill him after demanding money. More than drop the radio, raises his own gun, a short version of the M16 assault rifle. More than 1 shot at the floor of the guard tower, then in Zagans legs. According to the court, Marrida was sent to the court martial. Zagans tried to rest away. The rifle had made a shot of an agroying. Zagans clutched that a railing and fell down the stairs and moved to kept shooting. The accused fired a couple more rounds than the lifeless body. Then took his magazine out and said, the side put his weapon down. A call to report he had just killed a rocky national guard soldier who had tried to rob him. The account side by Marrida said, the boy was hit by 11 bullets. And an agreement with the army that limited his prison sense to know more than 25 years more. He had completed not guilty to premeditated murder, but guilty to murder without premeditation. He played guilty to two counts of giving false statements in his initial explanations. He was found not guilty of their election of duty for having consensual sex. Well, he should have been guarding the camp. During the court martial, Marrida apologized to the victims family. He was a son of brother, someone very important to them. He said, I took someone they loved and cared for. Friends and family members wrote to the army asking for reduction in Marrida's sentence, saying the fact that his son at Tabor needs him, and that his wife speaks a little English and read lies on him. Marrida was born in Vera Cruz, Mexico, and moved to the US as a child. A man who likes to defote a family's home in Biscoe to climb to white and to find himself, or say what a family had heard from Marrida recently. I don't know nothing, man. He said, he hung him. I don't know nothing, man. Marrida's confided for 11 more Kansas, a little more spokesman said, made your Robert Carber spokesman at the National Care and North Carolina National Guard's Rawley headquarters at Garbladius here new little about the case. He said if there was anything positive about the unpleasant case, it was that it should serve notice to a racky's about how justice should work. And don't be doing those gay things. Obviously, one of the things we're trying to do in our racky's fostering environment that includes the rule of law rather than dictated. If you're shipping hopefully, this demonstrates to the racky's he said that we're doing it. The rule of law was applying the guilty of implying to the body. I need a part for your preparatory. So by the way, if guys still dead, I'm lost. This is for you, this is for you. This is for you. All righty, like a river. As here is the team. I know I haven't been around so much for a while, but I want y'all to know what up here in the racky rule of heaven. I'll do a think it over here. This Christmas. And I can give y'all a special Christmas message. I'll message a piece. Like, how about a little trees that I thought I'd go on by. Thank you. A lot of all shone. Christmas is a terrible hoot. Time of joy. A time of all earthen. And I'll share with a lover. Take slides that you do to go up there. I can't. What will I? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, yeah, Christmas. The Christmas of the meetings. Family. The family means friends. The family means getting together. And getting together means. Eat. All passing that sounds like words. All like you. I'm going to hang out. Not just from the city, you're right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't nobody so big. You can reach out a helping hand. Helping me. A hand. Or would you send me a helping those nice potatoes over there. Which is what you believe. I like it. I like it. I like it. No, I will send them. Ain't nobody so big. He can't. Stoop to help a friend in need over the holiday season. That's pretty good season. We won't pass me that salt sugar when you get the chance. I can. Yeah, just just so scary to go. That's like the kind of a mess. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take a trip from old. A. Not all. They go to stay to a flat way. Yeah, I know. They don't appreciate it. Thank you. I want to remember. I'm so far the guy's big family. And you know God made man into his own image. Look at the mirror. I have to say God must be a big, big symbol. You know what I mean? I like it here. But I suppose everyone shall remember this one last thing. And you know all the homeless customers. Spending that popcorn up on the tree. Save a big, big bowl for the chain. Extra butter. The woman. I like it here. I like it. I like it. I like it. You're a bunch of records. You've seen his film. You've even purchased the day global memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secrets recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes, it's the Elvis tapes. You know what, baby? This is Elvis. Now, once you come over right now. Take the big, big, big, big butter and then also. A big little butter and then also. It's really good to be with the party. You know, here Elvis in his most intimate moments. All these events are intimate. The Elvis is the Elvis. All together, no one. A couple large pots. All makes it. Thanks for the. It's the biggest sex double cheese. Yeah, I'm home. Come on home. And I'm home, baby. And you'll hear Elvis reveal how we really feel about the one true love of this life. And I don't want you back. I want you back in the live. And I don't do way back. Would you pick up some donuts, please? Great killing between dope and love. Carlos, can you do this too? I want the baby honey, baby. Don't. Without them, I can't do this. The Elvis tapes. I'll give it a give it a give it a give it a more go. A bit of a mouth. We've rock stars everywhere. All of these. All of these deliver more than one to two. We're gonna be one to three. Come on, this summer to the John T. The son of Rita. So what I've seen is babe. Hang honey. Andrew, nice play. What say we get married in a doctor? Faster, child. Ah. Yes, the nice man who's back. Telling a boy get in. And he's gay, people. Hey, anything might think. But then again, call a minor, John. Andrew, nice play. Okay. I got a poem, boy. Little boy, blue. There's no. Andrew, nice play. And we all love everybody too. With special guests, Pat Bowen and Debbie Gibson. Sponsored by a wonder brand. Reserve your tickets now. Hey, and one more thing. Have a nice day. This Halloween season, the spirit of peace honor, and good will towards men is a lie. The sci-fi channel proudly presents, Oh, Whitney Houston. Crackhouse Christmas. Crack is wack. Live from a birdhouse, a laffeted storefront, and the alley behind the freedom and highs and avenue, a New York New Jersey. It's so Whitney Houston, Crackhouse Christmas. Crack is wack. With special guests, the as-mean-blief, life-guerate, Nick Nulti, and Marion Berry. It was the night before Christmas. I've evi popped in my car. Snowden some coke and drink and give me the y'all. It's a Whitney Houston Crackhouse Christmas with a surprise appearance by the New York Undercovered our Codex Division. And Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown. This crack was cheap. Brought to you without commercial warner option. By Jamal and Kahim, who supplied them a Carter highway hood. Crack is wack. It's a Whitney Houston Crackhouse Christmas. It's a 24-till known happy holidays from Bobby Brown and Whitney, I'm sure, right? Happyest. Maybe he'll send you something for boxing day. 310 votes on a poll, which best describes your feelings about Christmas. Pain in the ass. Crack them. Speaking of ass to ass, 100-month votes, but that's the biggest by far, leaving this poll today. Million miles ahead. I had to just break down and turn the heat on in here. You know, the actual internal- The poll. I'm going to circle it. I'm pretty soon. I just had that. Because it's like the temperature, the temperature right now is minus 18 Celsius. I thought you bought out a space heater. I do, but I can't bring that in here. I'm going to say a lot of noise. Oh, I didn't do that. I had that in the bedroom to sleep. Which is great. Nice and toasty. I mean, make it like a furnace. But in here, it's starting to get a little on the edge. I'll show you side. No, I'm saying, like about minus 85. So I cranked up the amaster heat. Which by now should be all blown out. And you think it's worth the building? You take it, but then you got your own bed there. It would not start in a smell. You know, that's a sickening smell of artificial heat. The mustiest. Oh, man. Anyway, pain in the S 101 Christmas. To a expensive 56 as in Q56, my favorite holiday 40 set my very favorite right. There's my very least favorite right president. Can't end among other things the president just. Yeah. Strictly for going in Christmas 43, fun, 38. And important, the birth of our savior only 25. Oh, brother. What would poor are I build on you? Think about that. And your friend Dennis O'Donnell, whatever his name is. Dennis, the meanest. Can't paint it. The set you used to push patriotic songs up the charts. One thing I love about these good religious, uh, Babel-thumpen Yahoo, a red status is that they're all much apricots and liars and phones. I love that. Country singer knows that. C-H-E-L-Y. I don't want to even say it. Chully? Chully? Okay. Let's say chully. This kind of chully. That's why turn the heat on. Country singer Chully writes, said yesterday she was dismissing the head of her fan club and shutting down a team of volunteers. After the Tennessee Inn learned that some of them poses members of the military or their families to promote her latest song. They posed. You got that? Poesers. Seventeen members of a hand-picked team of fans, contact your radio stations around the country. Asking for more airplay for rights, pro military ballad, the bumper of my SUV. It was all part of an organized campaign by leaders of the fan club who encouraged the team to do things as telling me your husband's and Marine whatever it takes. Right. Make up any story you want. After right learned that Tennessee Inn intended to publish an article about the campaign in today's newspaper, she issued a statement saying she had dismissed Chuck water a long-time friend who's headed her fan club since 1996. Up. Right since she was shocked, said and deeply upset but is unethical behavior. She said water was an unpaid volunteer who acted without my knowledge or direction. And interview with a earlier right-hit described water is my best train. The success of bumper has been a bit unusual compared with the way things generally go in country music. Last week the song was listed by Bill Mord Magazine as the second fastest-selling single in country music. Even though right no longer has a deal with a major record label, the promotional power of a major label is usually essential in getting sales as well as radio play. The bumper of my SUV is being distributed independently and the song is appeared to be a unusual grassroots support or is that grassroots, grassroots support. Some radio stations reported lots of calls and emails from listeners who wanted to hear bumper play to including members of the military and their families. Last week the Tennessee Inn learned that many of those calls and emails were coming from a team of 17 fan club members who were encouraged to pose as either members of the armed forces or their spouses and contact radio stations around a country asking to the song to be played. Inqueous year, play not a one kid who was song up to Bill Mord charts resulting in publicity but also can equate more people with the song and bring additional record sales. One member of the campaign team was Stephanie Hofftower, a pretty-when-year-old music teacher from Lafayette, Louisiana who contacted the Tennessee Inn since she was stepping forward because her conscious was bothered by what the team was doing for right. The home military thing was just wrong, she said, she's not stepping on other artisty stepping on troops, Hofftower, be seen. I didn't like that. Well there's work. Then good Bible some of the Tennessee Inn's believe you meet at two months I spent in the night and a while, while, while, while, while. That's a different planet. Yeah, that's like not the earth, that's like more like Uranus. Sure, sing to Neil, Roger Dome, Chris, and I'm a black subject of the show at the 2AM. You go back to Canada, do you do that, Susie? Really? You rock it, yeah, and how do you rock it? And most millions of them, you really rock it. So why do you then, anyone here who are at a stroke? It's true. Happy Wight Guy, who's like Johnny Teeth, who's made up. Like Thomas Teeth, and then go back. He's dead, but how is free to work at a stroke? How the time? He's the oldest, whose age I've fallen for, and he's at a stroke. He's a wealthy, Maori, and a lot of others. He must have a quick picture for him, and the cat is strong. And the whiny sound just like a very high room. You know, if maybe guy is who, but he's never made a wrong eye, so he's like a reason me, but then revive him, because for New Year's Eve, he's our cat is strong. I've been wronged with you, but I've been here. And I've been wronged with you. I've been wronged with you, but I've been wronged with you. I've been wronged with you. I've been wronged with you. We've been through now I have just, I've been shooting too. I've got a hurtig, she could have the other one. And we've been with each of us, that could tell us better than to do the same thing. I've been chatted with sad, and she fought with us, and started to miss it. And my eyes like a bottle of bacon to go, but it's next. But it's next, but that's the way it should keep going. There are women in your life who will get that right, but they ever apart. You're going to go to the top, yeah. I've been wronged with you in the top, baby. I've been wronged with you, and the girl brought those baddies. And dropped you in the bottom, baby. I've been chatted with sad, and she fought with us better. We're the bad guys who are chatted with us. And my friends got together with a bacon, but you've been. You're going to go to the top, baby. You're going to go to the top, baby. You're going to go to the top, baby. There's a friend who came on the kids, so I would've learned and betrayed now. And every big city I've got to you, rest of the day now. So keep yourself in hardware and worthy of it, fell away now. And say if all that comes, don't come. I've been on this case to kill you, don't come. I've been on the stage to kill you. And music keeps running, if you're showing them up. See the first piece on your block, this becomes a scary way. And I'll be back in the way. So what a Johnny can read, even soon, during the year I'll be night. I'll be a great guy, gun, gun, gun, gun, gun, gun. Take it all, throw it together, the way it is, gun. Make it, blow it, gun, gun, gun, gun. So I'll be on the stage to take a gun, gun. And after I'm just going to shoot the crew. Hey man, how are you doing? Hey, if you've been running around your low-rated cruisers for waves all day, you'd probably be hungry right in my mouth. So what you gon' do, go home where you're gonna watch your hair, keep your elbows on the famous, big business, thank you. I feel gonna do that, come see us, girls, we're not your lullab. The moves of service makes a good result. Excuse me, I'd like to conkeest the door special. Hey man, you can see whatever you want. Because I ain't gonna get for you, we're not your mom. I'm not your mom, sir. We're not the best of anything you want. As soon as you go back and make it yourself. Ah, that was great. Hey, where you goin'? I'm gonna go pick that up for you. Why's that dishes, man? And why don't you go for textmas with no respect? If I told my mom, I got it. Do you, if yourself, when I told my mom, I'll ride. Now, do the good boys, that's good, though. If you can bother with the guard, I'll just attack the two holes. See, if they hadn't got fun to go, that's good. Wake up, Yagg Gah! Ah, magh, magh. Hey, girl, let's don't you wake usbers? I'm gonna go see it down and I can shoot a spin Take it up a big road over the back And don't be by the spell if you can't wear it back Hey, whoa! Hey, whoa! Hey, whoa! Hey, whoa! There's just a hand in the looping back down He know how to make the ball get dry Back then he turned the challenge down Woo, woo! He just gets one on the tower Oh, wow! Hey, whoa! Hey, whoa! Hey, whoa! Hey! Hey! Hey! Whoa! What the f***y do I mince too long? I just love that Who does that? Anyway, I was thinking, now, I wonder how I play this I think I can do the thing with my little finger Real hit Yeah, oh yeah, wait did you see? What? I'm quite a magic trick I'm serious, I think I can play this We gotta play this south park Mary In Christmas, right? Right? Do I do this a couple of weeks ago? I don't know Maybe it did last week Do I play last week, Josh? And I managed to do a fine job Yeah, it was good It was okay, let me try it again I doubt it, but I'll try it I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle piece No trees, no snow, no sand I claws there, different religious beliefs Daively been moved, haem it And nod in our holiday And so every December I go to the middle east And bye Hey, there are Mr. Mudlams Mary There is no holiday season in the upper They don't hang up their stockings And that is just a little bit of a hassle I can't tell if I'm right See, that was okay, it's a fun thing There is no holiday season in the upper They don't hang up their stockings And that is just absurd They never read a Christmas story They don't know what Rudolph is about And that is why in December I'll go to India and sign Hi, there Mr. Hindu Mary Merry Christmas Three-cognogans in front of me And pass it to the office Hey, Kaisi, have a notice If Kaisi is there, it's Kaisi So get off your heat and do it And tell them, right Now I heard that in Japan Everyone just lives in San They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin On December 20, they pray All they do is eat a plate And that is why go to Japan and walk around And bye Hi, there Mr. Shenzawa Merry Christmas God is going to kick your ass You can't be like the Regan's come And Kaisi haven't noticed Their session, thanks for doing So let's all rejoice for Jesus Mary Merry Christmas You On Christmas day I travel around the world and say Now it's Christmas, but it's all you A.B.S.T.L. Merry Christmas Oh, yeah Wow, practice makes perfect Oh, man, a smell of that heat in my place Oh, it's in that smell Oh, I know it It's smell wow Dirt Like does Yeah No, it's not dust your hand Like, but just the, I don't know Artificial heat is like, yeah It's like, what are time in Florida when it gets in the 30s and 40s and 90s You got to crank the heat up And it dries out your silences And your passages and your like, even your Oh, God You're going to get those bloody scabby boogers Before it's too long Oh, I can't wait, I like that Maybe that's one of the benefits Small pain crash yesterday morning into a radio station tower Killin two people aboard temporarily knocking the station off the artificial set Are you sure? That's what it says here The single engine sensor plane struck the KFI radio tower About 949 AM And the tower tumble to the ground Said, just like that station and key west That we were on for about five minutes Remember that to run ahead the tower Knock that Right Oh, God So, and your Hawkins a dispenser Vibro, the L.A. County Fire Department TV footage showed that on her foot tall Red and White tower and pieces on the ground surrounded by Plain wreckage A man in a woman who was pronounced dead Hawkins Said a small fire was also extinguished KFI had talked a new state He was off the ear for about an hour Following the accident Said, Leslie, a lot of an editor at the station A telephone call to the FAA was not immediately returned I guess they must have like more than one tower Must be a multiple Because KFI is 50,000 miles All right So I'm assuming they have like, I don't know I don't say that As in what's the deal Or maybe they have like a backup I don't know I don't know how that works That would be vain I wonder how is our tower Do we have any idea? I don't know I think it's all about an island somewhere Because you know we can go 50,000 miles If the busily is fed about $80 billion Black like almost all of the Everglades We can put up about a 40 tower array And go 50,000 miles But don't hold your breath How's that Spanish language music coming in the background? I don't know I wouldn't see as part of my renegotiation For the direct send of years I didn't have to give a little piece of way to see the cruise For the accompaniment Because you all need to hold a message If it disappears Which message describes your feelings about Chris Milesman Payment in the ass 123 is a real royal paying in the old ass To expenses 66 My favorite holiday 50 See I think if I say ass enough Jorsome probably like freak out on that too Oh he said it 40 times today That's just too much ass You know It's like your friend Fempoi Too much ass To expenses 66 My favorite holiday 58 Strictly for Goiam 51 Oh, hey Chris Mrs. Fond 47 I lighten up a little bit Okay, have some fun Give some crappy gifts out there Some botize and some swatters Moats And some botox Important This is coming in did to last The birth of our savior But third man To listen to Right He will be Rogers Explosive 5 2A And This is Mark Morgan Is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8 4B We're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're going to the world, we're doing the world, we're doing the world, we're doing the world, we're doing the world, we're doing the world. I'm doing the world, we're doing the world, we're doing the world, we're doing the world, we're doing이' know I'm very old bees are wearing out Inn Tremen Mid Weird What? With every boss This brings Every And I and May praise We Oh Lord, You were cryy And Dusseld did I can't find Rudolf! I'm all shabby, say boyhead! I'm all shabby, say boyhead! Rudolf, don't ring me around! I'm all shabby, say boyhead! Hey, what's that over the play? It's a terrible year! I don't know! It takes that new tunnel! The year will no, the ring is out! And they got diarrhea, the year will no! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Hey, what's that up in the sky? It's a girl with a blue ring! You're all in the ring! And they got diarrhea! Look at them! Go get them! Ruffles! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! Rudolf, don't ring me around! That special type of year is here again! And so is Simphan, master of the sky, Gussel! And here's his finest album, the Halders passing away! Yes, let's go warm up the Halders, as in when we're finally your season to see it! With Simphan! He's the most popular slide-wester in all of 40 years! The must be the one ways at least find you with his touching solo rendition of the sky like mine! Yes, you wish every night was a sign of life when you hear the Halders' passing away! Here's another order! To work at your copy and find for the Halders' day, and 95, 99, 95, or out of one's or 29, 99, 99, or 8, days! About 1,900 truth-case, that's 1,900 truth-case, call man! The Halders' day, all the back of the fire, the Halders' day, the Halders' day, all the back of the fire, the Halders' day, is all the same! So why do we not want to grow that dish from our sky? You got the words, what you say you better or else? You got the word for me, I'm on a train, and we're yours. Thank you boys. With the 빨간ジSil identificator who'd sit in a forest Little Energy station gives us a different mission I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. A couple of days at five and sixty WCW. I've got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog at two. Mad Dog is got as many days a year as he's working on. They're working really feverishly with mode to get to the adults and stuff ready for tonight. When you think I would say. By the way, that's got to be honest. You got a card in some presents from the South Florida Greyhound Association Inc. Really? I haven't opened the presents, but I did open the card because one of the see who it was from. Before I made the presents, I'm probably going to steal or dive you up with Josh over here. Well, what is it? It's from the kennel owners and assistance. Thank you. We appreciate your support on the Minnesota. Yeah, yeah. Right. And they use Jesus Fish Paper, which I think is a circle. And one person is, you don't get this one, Josh, because it looks to be a box of cigars. Ooh, it isn't D.A. stamp. Oh, god. I'm not smoking those stobies. No, Mario. But I'm the only one who's in Santa Claus. And the nice little gift box of the glass top on it. Right. And the other one is in the box for boxing day. Yeah. And the other one looks to be a bottle of some kind of booze, which I really know you're bummed not being here for this. Yeah, vintage 1996 indeed it is some sort of vino, I think. Well, there you go. Merry Christmas, George. Thank you. Chris, there you go. All right. You can pay for what you pay. Oh, it's don't purin' you and you're in a dish into the wine or is that we know no, that's what it is. Oh, I see. Well, Josh, I'm sure what I appreciate a cigar, too. I'll give him a cigar too. You mean I'm smoking, but, you know, he's a bubble fan here and what to do with it. So anyway, your president just gets you saying, which I'm surprised that they weren't breaking out laughing or crying. Oh, I'm still doing a spectacular job. He's doing a wonderful job and he's ain't going nowhere. His head secretary Donald Rumsfeld faced renewed criticism yesterday from lawmakers and putting one prominent Republican after he said he hasn't personally signed those letters since the family members of troops killed in action. Rumsfeld made the announcement and the statement to military newspaper stars and strives saying that he'd begin signing such letters. Oh, stars and stripes had reported that Rumsfeld's letters carried a mechanical reproductive signature, which angered some military families. Senator Chuck Hagle, a leading GOP critic of Rumsfeld, called the news about that letters astounding and noted that President Bush signs each of his letters to military families. I think it's very reflective of how out of touch this crowd is that a brass can set on face to face in yesterday. And I goodness that's the least we could expect of the Secretary of freaking defense, Hermann Gering, Rumsfeld. But Bush chief of staff Andrew Card, who's a real card, said Rumsfeld enjoys the president's confidence and said it to John Cornan of Texas, said Rumsfeld's dismissal would be a gift to the G hottest in the insurgents in Iraq. Since we're obviously doing such a fine job, we're fine. Secretary Rumsfeld is doing a spectacular job and the president has great confidence in him, plus on the ABC's this week without David Brinkley. Senator Jack Reed, a Rhode Island Democrat, said told CBS, he was shocked about the Secretary not signing those letters. And it goes on and on and on and why should we be shocked? He's a miserable old bastard of what he is. He's older than he was. He's older than he was. Dirty, we don't think? Right. He's dirty. How many times by toy to that? About 30 minutes. How's that pull coming? I see the way the show is going. You see this is kind of like said in the tone for the week. We started out. We fake them out thinking that we were doing like a real show. Right. Yes, I was getting it. And there's East Break goes along. We like increasingly like more and more of this good stuff. They're all good. It's all good like bubble would say. It's all good. And then like, it's the holidays man. Everybody deserves like the ease of doing this time of year. Right. He's back a little bit. Crank it back a couple of lashes. Which best describes you're feeling about Christmas. We actually got the 417 votes. That's not too bad. Don't forget by the way the show starts at 10 every day this week because Howard's on vacation. That's not Howard David. Don't don't don't don't don't don't. I'm Stern and Robin and already. And Boba Booley, etc. 177 said Christmas is a pain in the ass. Pain where they sit. It's right inducing to expensive 75 by payment holiday 66. Strictly for go. I'm 57. Fun 50. And important the birth of our savior of 32. You see that? I used to say, well, you're a crowd's mostly heave and crowd anyway. Which we would say. Thank God. Thank God. I don't think most people are like all obsessed. Except the ones of course with their nativity scenes that they want to voice in. On everybody else in the earth. Stick your nose in it. Oh, here's the manager in the three wise men in the Frankenstinson of Mure. What a Frankenstinson Mer look like. No, no. Doctor think about that. The bird is a kind of bomb. And it's kind of bomb. Where do you spread it? I see. That's where you're smear it. From it's past noon at five, 60 WQM, the holiday season is here. Magnumus take a boot it. And the people of Armstrong for to homestead them want to thank all their loyal customers for the business and trust. Everybody knows that Ford makes sensational vehicles to be competitive. Armstrong for realizes they have to offer you folks more value, which is why. Armstrong was the very first for dealer off of your tires and batteries for like plus. A Florida sun pass will be to be here for you buy. By President General Manager David Richen again, also on the run. The first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the first time I've and I've been reading our lyrics from a grouppiece already, and here when that time comes, do any of to risk a terrible hot in the end of hello. Hi Larry. Hi. Mr. Compton, would you evict a widow on Christmas Eve if a net you could make an extra bucket to? I would do that in a heartbeat. There's no question about it. I would love to do that. Tom Humbogg. Sit down Alaska. Hello. Donald, would you have any of them there with so Clinton? Yes, I was. Actually, what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Put it out Larry. In fact, are you the purple that Trump? No. Larry, you are fired. Okay. So are you glad you had sex with Clinton or do you regret it? Somebody asked me the other day, would you have done bill again in the inches? Absolutely. Yes. He's better than I anticipated. There's your exclusive Larry Trump's stunt not just for women. Go, days can use it too. Gaze can absolutely use it. I'm sure they'll love it. Clark's been measured again. Hello. Donald, I know one wants to know. What's up with that hairdo? I heard that it's just one really long strand of hair wrapped around your head several thousand times. Is that true? Good question. Yeah, let's true Larry. We please inform the public. You get I will. Thank you. Very, very true and so don't it. It would happen. Okay. Come on. This. End of the report. Frosty the snowman was a cold name for this guy. He was standing across OK. Looking for the people who were by went down to the village to see a new clientele. Like a other set, I don't do the drug. I'd slide to waste now. But our friend met a tragic end when one day he was stopped. And after he had made the deal, it turned out to be a cop. Oh, now he's in prison. Making love to other men. No ears and gave what he had to face. A billion be ends. Pumpkin is from Trump. Pumpkin is from Trump. The catacomptate girl. Pumpkin is from Trump. Pumpkin is from all because of the. That don't get started with NYPD blue. I just can't we're keeping around. I'm sorry to feel pleased. In fact, Jarring, Cherokee camera work on Brian's I'm Thomas that makes you sick to your stomach. But now there's help with drama drama means. Honey, without a trace is coming on. Hey, great. I'll get the drama drama. Dramma means to our dinner doesn't vanish without a trace. drama drama being helps to prevent emotions sickness and do spike up cuts. A rough shift said perspective. Granny spent a batch in sequences and other cheap camera tricks. Now when we watch law in order, we run to the bathroom during the commercial scene. Dad, I'm during this job. Thanks drama drama. Drama drama. Drama drama means is not prevent nausea. In do spike band writing bad acting or bad ideas, which I was like maybe N. C. I. I. Oh, son. Dragon after a tough thing. Robin over fat piece. Did you need to chill in a J.C. Poor planet. We only cherish our bad meat. Multi platinum recording artist J.C. Check this bad boy out. Y'all be sipping the trippist. The J.C. Poor planet's got 24k gold cap holders and armrests. Big enough to hold 8 mags and a crystal young and this seems extra wide. Just to take your short and Beyonce stuff by you're on saying. I changed it. What you doesn't make more. What up, babe? And here's the best part. The J.C. Poor, the planet. Just a fourth position young. Business, Maxis, relaxing, and mad pimps. And take this. The planet, the J.C. Poor, is pretty sporepest. It's perfect for the arc, Kelly. That hell off your stage. Yo, what's up? J.C. Poor, the planet. Get paid. And put what your grip did today. What up? Rain deer in the night. Donn and Blitzon flying through the sky. With their friend, Dixon. They'll hit every house. Before the night is through. Somewhere, imus, Lady. Is good oldает- Nik, he's got a hot bag. . In case he gets sick, he's had too much milk that you loved. Donn, you want to choke me, you want to That sick he's had too much milk and all those cookies too. Ooh, reindeer in the night. It's like mammals and they're on their yearly flight. Repolling seven, he's kind of hard to rep. Each year there's more gifts down your chimney hole. Unless you live in a condo, yes it's quite a sight to see them flying. Who knows so bright? It's almost blinding like furiest satellites. Memoranging in the night. Ooh, ooh, ooh. No, no, no, no, no. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Two thousand fours your socks. Next year we'll have more love. I can see it now. I bet they're pure and I count. It's not even five cure for that time. I might go more. When you feel your SUV, that dashboard will all be free. Even when push cuts are taxes. Demons' rules still go down. And rather we'll not use taxes. O summa will be found. I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East. All these will graduate and realize will be so straight. Please let it be great. I sure hated this year. Don't eat fours ours. Elections and no more flu inspection. TV will be clear. And star Jones will be leaner. Let's all look top. The bright light is two thousand five. Well, 23 and five, 60 WCM. Happy holidays from all your good friends and the rest of the people to a few A.M. Which believe me there summa wouldn't want to have his friends. And summa even though they might pretend to be your friends. Might just do not to be your enemy. You know what I'm talking about? No, no, no. They're the little. And what do you mean now? My chickens from how he's. Thank you. I'll take you to the house for all the good food that he bring in all your long. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, all the fine folks. Like the people at Hollywood Great Hunt track. That's right. That's right. That's over those very nice kids. I'm sure the people at Papago Park are waiting for me to show up there in a few days so they can give me my gift in person. About a lifetime free of. That's it to win. Right. Sure things. Right. There you go. Now what do you mean by sure things? Oh, I know idea. What does that mean? Sure nothing about racing of course as you know. That's not in either to why. Course considered fight over Christmas displays. This is the season of goodwill to women and peace on earth. Peace of this, peace of pie. Peace of ass Jonathan Morgan headed out candy canes with a story of Jesus to his fourth grade classmates in Plano Texas Friday, but it took a court order ready for that with a story of Jesus. The candy canes are fine. I have no problem with that or the Christmas tree or things that are like just generic right. Well, it's just a story anyway. So the story of freaking Jesus after years of legal assaults on municipal displays of Intivity scenes and Christmas observances in public schools. Christian groups are now mounting core challenges in the other direction. They got the full court press on man to Christianize America whether you like it or not. They're going to make you an offer you can't refuse. It's done it before. They're going to drag you across the street. What do you want to cross or not? You're going to get a little in fact they're going to hold up that cross just like. Vending. Professor van Helsing. He he he he. From a long time. I'm a big part. I'm sorry that was read field. Well, not in van Helsing. I'm sure made that sound a couple of times too. What was his name? Edward van Sloan. From Mustang Oklahoma to make old wood news. They're filing or threatening lawsuits to when they include the main Your scenes in school plays. There's nothing worse than a main G scene. Christmas carols in school concerts and Christmas trees in pubic buildings. The pendulum is swamped completely. So Charles Haynes a senior scholar of the nonprofit. First amendment center in Arlington, Virginia. There's a pushback by many conservative Christians. Perhaps in bolded by the recent election by the increasing presence of evangelical Christianity and the pubic arena. The secondization of our society in public schools has gone too far and become Hostility to their religion. And of course, it's only a good thing if there's hostility for their religion. Because there ought to be hostility to all religions to this flat, Riff mentality. So, the aesthetic. Now let me just point out that you know the story about the burning of room that I talked about before. I was a really good guy. That was in 64 AD. Okay. And there's still no conclusive. And I was still really on. I'm probably never will. And I'm what really happened whether right near or was behind it. It was probably near. Well, why do you say that? Because I was just talking to him the other day and you know, he's the things that got near or is your hero? I heard he was in zero. Two men we can't play that by the way. Zero is first and out that in Rikai tied the knot with what's your name with Anna Cornohoi. Yeah. Can't play it. Still looks just like a mirror. There's a really black dome. I'm going to hit 18 pictures. Yeah. In fact, they're going to, what was the, what was the product? Remember those spots I can't believe I ate the whole thing. Out the shelter. Yeah. That's right. It was out for shelter. And Rikai's going to be doing some of those two. Okay. 27 past noon at 5. 60 W. When you shout for quality footwork, great selection and professional service. There's only one place to go. And of course, it's always like an husband for years. Brandy shoes and pompino beats big in a bobby. At Brandy's you find the top names and the shoe business. In a lot of these shoe joints, the reason they go out of business is because they sell crap. At Brandy's there is no crap and stuff. Things that you know and love like rock sports floor shine. S.A.S. Spare a terminal naturalized. We're lots more. And with Brandy's suit selection chances are in fact you could bet many Bows life on it. Whatever style you like. It's in your size on a shelf. Read it in a slap on your fat feet. Brandy's is open every day seven days a week. Monday, if you said a day nine to nine, Sunday, 10 to five in your five Brandy's at 12 90 North federal highway in Pawano Beach. All this week at Brandy's just in time for the holidays. Of course, it's a special. You guessed it. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's a special. It's just an official. The two of us have appointments and can be ordinance. It's a special. It's a special. It's my special. I'd like to see you, you'd use you the torture Cause they're just laying their game in the past It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying I'm in great faith, there's a place to clean Friends of living in the life for me For the grace of you were sent worldwide You might end up in one of those naked tiles No, get just just came out today I've got the devil left today Don't run, now came to give it up to you Now he said my discriminant thing to throw Oh, show them I'm at them No close I've got the wrong under his woman's stripes They've lost all their lives I've who great don't go there Jesus, I have the Christian thought Where's the old God that we've died Who is the Christian thought Where's the faith that we've diedốt as we go up to the back Both extraditing the Fire them and head in and tear their fellow powers To get where they've gone Make bang, bang these firehills Let's force your doctors quickly<|haw|> the faith to the dumb to cut Fa 맞아 haves there! Soul of unseen It's going to really never win the game. Who keeps this game? First is the song. First is the song. First is the song. And then we'll be back. Who keeps this game? First is the song. First is the song. First is the song. The song is grateful for the ring that it says to us. We are all alone. And this is the time that you may get on. And if you say no, we're gonna drop off on. And this is the time that you may get on. And if you say no, we're gonna drop off on. I just want to do it. Yes, you're super fair for all your work. Yeah, yeah. Don't do the GR, don't be late. Coming in for every single terrorist state. How boy and many rocky run. I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb that dropped. I'll play all the best rock. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You got my beard and my long red smile. I'm going to the GR. She I choose as to a mass force. Get the boys ready for a holy war. But that choose as to murder three. Come on and kiss them women and cheer with thee. And I'll go play all the best rock. We don't want to go. Cut my long red smile. I'm going to the GR rock. We're not an item coming out of his cave. Salaban, monkeys at the rent and rent. Blackville women begging in the crowd. But he's only known ladies and loud. Let's rock. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. They're all in the rock. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Put on my bloody red smile. Don't do the GR rock. We come at Bernacee and then let this Dominican group position. Going through the GR don't be late. Coming in from everything to tell you stay. Bring a top for the M in Iraq here. I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb. Let's rock, bro. Ladies and gentlemen, let's rock. We don't want to go. But my beard and my long white cloth. I'm going through the GR rock. We're going through the GR rock. She had two sets of masks for us. We get the boys ready for a holy war. Thought that two sets of marches. Three. The morning kiss women and cheer with me. And I'll be right. Bring a top for the M in the rock. Rock, solid. We got my beard and my long white cloth. We're going through the GR rock. We're going through the GR. Bring red said to join me. The killing of the dead's wine. Kiss them all. Come on guys. Come on guys. I've never got a call of a... ...but I'm basically about the accents about how they all sound like in the in the in the pack again. Nope. Yeah, maybe that was last week. He had a good point. Well, all the bits that have the so-called Arabs in there, the terrorists. They also like India. They had that fully Indian. They're like... ...can be a store guys. Or they should have bombed us. Exactly. Those Indians. Oh god. And after they've decided about a hockey county board of elections deputy director in Ohio has prompted the ranking Democratic member of the US Constitutionary Committee to act for further investigation into possible vote fraud. Loderman late now boys. December 13. Cheryl Eaton, the county's election board deputy director, sworn in after David. That's a realization that the company tried at and their staff would do anything to dishonor disrupt the voting process. It's just stressing to me and hard to believe you. You said I'm being completely objective about the statements of the reason to bring this forward is to hopefully rule out any wrongdoing. Try at governmental systems in based in Zini, Ohio is an actual corporation that sold computer by systems for vote tabulation about half the counties in the state including hockey and trying to county. According to the after David, a triad technician arrived on December 10 before the recap. And made several adjustments to the tabulator and computer. Just like the story we had last week about Diable doing the same thing. He said that the battery in the computer was dead and that the story information was gone. He said they could put a patch on it and fix it. He proceeded to take the computer apart. Call his offices to get information to input into the computer. After the transition was done with the machine, he allegedly told Eaton and hockey and county elections board director Lisa Schwarz with the E on the end. To post what the result should be so as to avoid having any conflicting results during your recount. The technician advised Lisa how to post a cheat sheet on the wall so that only the board members and staff would know about it and what the codesmen, so the county would come out perfect. And we wouldn't have to do a full-hand recount of the county even said in a half a day. As a result of the half a day, but representative John Conner's Democrat, a Michigan wrote a letter to the FBI, hockey and county prosecutor Larry Beale and the New York Times on December 15. I have information at similar acts of this nature. May have occurred in other counties in Ohio, and I'm here to ask you to investigate the alleged misconduct. And that among other things, you consider the immediate impomment of election machinery to abandon further tampering. Beale told the Columbus dispatch. I have no reason to do investigation or something else comes from my attention. You know what? Beale really should have said. Beale is not a solution. Yeah. Larry Beale, you know how I would be. I'll tell you that right now. I'm starting to get that like I better turn that heat off. I remember that first year I did shows from here. And the winter time was like, almost like the end to the end thing. We'll have quite as much schmutz and crapponier and coughing and getting it. And then of course I realized it was like all that mungum and heating system. Man. It's bad for you. Turn off that heat, okay? What's wrong with being a little bit frozen, right? Right. We're apart. 19 till 1 at 5, 60, W.D. This thing is moving along not too bad. Now look at that's 18 till 1 now. 17, 16. Yeah, just like that, that great experiment that we had did. They would be missile defense program. We're not a beautiful job. Oops. Well, I'm not saying it's perfect. Practice makes perfect. Just as we're spending 20 dollars year money on crap on pie in the sky. Literally. Hey, lobster feasts. This ain't no pie. The scat lobster feasts is back and it's going on right now. They're most close to me Friday, two Sunday. Florida's number on aging. Gourmet restaurant is ready by the Zigat restaurant review. We follow what I just said good. No. In addition, they're most close to all you can eat buffet. Now you can enjoy succulent juicy main lobster. Serve thermator style. Stir your mouth watering your experience with the choices. Six different fantastic soups. In fact, you know, that's what I'm going to get as soon as I get done here at two. I'm going to zoom down the street and give me some soup. A big bowl of matable soup. Mmm. A big bowl of chicken soup with a couple of gigantic balls in it. Then sample dozens of oriental treats including your fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce. An old favorite whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce. Also at the end, I'll close enjoy their brand new sushi bar featuring over 30. But third man. Different items. And after all these things get shoved down your posts if you still have room. Try to save a little extra there for Emile Coast out of this world as your par featuring chocolate covered strawberries. Tear a mama su like it says here. And she's cake. Don't forget the Emile Coast for most healthy living. Cooking everything with only the best ingredients like cholesterol. Freak and all oil. No MSG. No corn starch. No crab. Three locations for you. If you've got those pin in the eskets for the holidays. What a great place to take a man that really enjoyed the Emile Coast. Real locations for you. They're in sunrise, sunny hours and tempered pies. For reservations called 954-572-3822. 954-572-3822. Happy holidays from Richard and the Gang of the Emerald Coast. Chinese buffet. The most important thing to be you will rush. It's deliciously. On 560-880-880. 880. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1070. 1080. 1070. 960. We need all the seeds that we're lacking with the cold. Galaxia is versus money from In so warm, in the air, down there, I told you all, it's good. Take a look, open your arms, sit down, we got it. Now they're all broken in the air, you got it. We won't attack this dog home, we got it. We won't stop our journey to the world. Now God, you should not live in this with a God, you too. And you're really dumb, who don't have a good day. You're really dumb, what they say, they say, like a God, a little fool has been in his hands, a serious state, so they fall with two people. We got it, we got it, we got it. This dog on your knees, we got it. We got it. Come little Easter world, we'll be exploded, so dumb that people do, with the gas that we sold him, first I'm a preservation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled, to get that oil flowing, forget about Korea. The new state knows who meant us, who are right. We're really feeling it over and over into our head. And we're really happy to have you back as a weapon of past destruction. And we're really happy to have you back. Three thousand people killed, our napper got, let's exploit him instead. Hey, there's oil to be done, so an after set down to play Keto Sama, there's no longer mentioned up, the name is LaDun, but no it seems concerned of being complacent, believe in every word of this cartel of administration. That controls us by fear through me and my neculation amazement. We're really getting over and over into our head. And I reckon as a weapon of past destruction. The loss of civil rights is the rights that were paid. We're also fixed now, not the ass profit is saved. I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saved. I know being a cattle don't have any reserve agents, salad or pork, salad or lamb, we're a bit higher, delicious, old regime must fall, and salad or dinner is so with no objection at all. Tell my friends don't have the fall and the outright. We're really moving over into our parade, watch and act like a mess of weapons of past destruction. Only I'd rack myself when this sucks. I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather. It was voiceless original and I was poor, never let her in like a result of yesterday. You're gully, let's play a game! What? Guess what have gotten we're broken? A piece of candy. A darted by a snake. Right there! I don't want to play this anymore. Okay, let's play, play the candy, the crevice! Oh, grandpa, I don't want to smell something you put in there! Yes, those games with grand boss guard mean for life. Which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scouting a whole new generation with voiceless original. Hey, Timmy, say hi to wetwilly, the worthless wonderworld. No, no, not the wonderworld. Worthless original, giving children nightmares for over 60 years. There we go! She's got her phone. And took her here's anewary, act like she's in charge. Huh? And get some munchies and make brownies filled with hair. And we'll share it with Jesus and the same. The five-spot heads and yeah. Yeah, party is great for you. Yeah, party is good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What have got no chance of us? Oh, my God. No gift for us, my son of us. Give me high on the battlefield for us, give him a munchet gift and so on. On the gray-hound foot to roll. To get some bad if you don't roll. I'll throw down next to the cold. No, don't think about my name on his throat. I'm Molly. Hey, Ricky, listen to what? No time in heaven this year. Never do it, Mr. Man. He just wants to do it flat when it's all he wants. He's a classy guy. He's got three kids by three different women never married any of them. He's a classy guy if he acts me. Yeah, when you're rich, you don't have to. Exactly. I ain't rich at no mal. He's got some problem. He's got some issues. Anyway, speaking of the God's Quad, church-state separation and say the conflict has reached an unprecedented pitch. A fever pitched this year, setting record complaints about sectarian religious displays. Some of the religious rights groups have decided the last presidential election had something to do with their entire agenda, including putting up the activity scenes at the Reverend Barry Linn of Americans United for a separation of church and state. They're turning a time of peacefulness into a combat zone. Oh, great. Let's bring the combat zone back. Let's all go to Boston and bring back the combat zone and try and tell them what he's saying. But other questions we were saying, substituting happy holidays from very Christmas or displaying Christmas trees instead of a crush to grades the holiday significance. Remember when we went through that whole thing about a crotch? No. Oh, yeah, we did. Yeah, we did it. It's threatening lawsuits, store board cops and protests. Christians across the country are fighting to inject religious values in the public sphere. In other words, they're going to jam it down your throat. So it's like the inquisition. Just like the crusades, they're going to make you an offer. You can't refuse. How do you like that? It's for your own good. Right. You'll think it's from heaven. Right. A bunch of intolerant crazy people, the God squad, the fighter, society. And California, a group called the committee to save very Christmas is called for Christians to boycott Macy's bird eyes and other federated departments to help those complaining the store banters should read Mary Christmas instead of seeing the season's greetings. The committee's founder, manual Zamorana wrote a letter last December the chairman of federated asking the committee to include Mary Christmas and advertising. Zamorana, by resident of Sacramento, set the blackout in motion earlier this year. Faith of federated is offered to never call it a green east of the past 20 years to recognize we're religious diversity said company spokesman, Carole, woman Carol Sanger. Christian and group said the anti-quite agenda has gotten worse this year, setting targets to suit and to keep the salvation army out of its stores, public schools ban and Christmas cards and carols and stores dropping references to Christ. Organizations like the Christian coalition and the Center for Re-Claiming America, which are like the sound of that. A conservative Christian lobbying group in Fort Lauderdale are debating whether to urge Christians to boycott natural retailers that fail or acknowledge the religious significance of the holiday come next Christmas. Next Christmas season, the Christian coalition will be prepared to act in solidarity to show we need Christ in Christmas, Zachary Sarah, which makes Christchurch Christmas. In the meantime, individuals are launching boycott movements of their own. A pastor in Raleigh North Carolina took out a full page of the news and was over early urging Christians to spend their money with retailers that include the reading Mary Christmas. And last week in a Catholic man from plantation organized 50 Christians in protest in front of a brother, and brother, Broward and Fashion Malls, charging that's situated in the Parmesan, who has removed references to Christmas from its advertising and store displays. They put up all these secular decorations, but there's nothing of Jesus Christ that led her to raise a person who's saying, Gregory's Catholic Church in plantation organized the protest, we're being completely ignored. Jesus Christ, which all I can say is, thank God. Christ, thank you, Christ. Christ, thank you. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. This is a fact in the church. Oh, what do you think about a cold hands? A number one rated divinim, a mohalla divinim in his children. And that means to put in my ears for angels. Oh, I don't know even how you have children in. Mirabah, hello. I want your take on J.P. Is it great, Lord? I can a good joke. I like J.P. Well, not the legend, he's got extraordinarily smooth detoxes. Oh, yeah! He's got a big tip on what you say here. Oh, Jesus, thank you, ma'am. No, no, wait a minute, go go. But I have nothing else to say. How about this? How's the way the down there in the mirror, ma'am? I'm the right answer, the street, some you. I am. I have to go. Oh, I know, always by the way, something. No, no, I have to go. I told you what, I'll hold you over to break house that. And I'll give you one of my old, the temptation. It's house that. I'm not going to. No, wait. That works out. We need polo we have. The things I know is growing again. Oh, Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, Lord, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord. Oh, Lord, Lord. Oh, Lord, Lord. Oh, Lord, Lord. Wow. You've got faith with the faith. I know that I can pray in the realm of golden symbols. Through my eye, I want to ask. If you go, Lord, there's just a miracle. I'll roll past the ceiling, please. You're got your heavy sun. Way to, I shall die, shall I? Last one. I know, Lord, always by the state. You're almost every day, I think. And my veins are said, they start to tickle. I had to know, even the Lord, Lord, Lord. Yeah, I know, I've got all of that. That's because I'm in a trivial mind. And I know that I'll fill with the golden ways. You're the kind of new one, God, Lord, the same. And I, as you know, just remember me. I know that I'll fill with the golden ways. Well, God, God, God, God. And I, as you know, the golden ways. You're the kind of second one. I know, God, God, God. I know, God, God. I'll fill the line. Don't drop air in the taxi, can I? But I've got a driver, said, real common. You look that mean, so quish it to me. I could tell he was in the dark. So I acted out my pop surade. And with my arms, the trees I made. No bug speaks English and immobile. I went down to my, yeah, I met which way the weather is nice and sunny. I walked into early bus stall, but the guard is hot real fun. I asked him, what kind of fortune be-mees is not here and what does that mean? So about a speaking wish and immobile. That caused a deline. Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly. Why you can't go back to the war, alright? I came here, and you were going to learn my ABC. I don't say much as grossly as I said pretty well. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're an American now, stop making me sick. You know, but it's dangerous. Let's run! Welcome! Oh, me! Oh, I'm scared of the trees red and snow. Oh, me! Oh, why? We don't enter makeup in the town of lean. Take out the best of her that you ever seen. Ask anybody in that neighborhood. Take a you-district country where the country goes. I'm rassing on and asking someone to sell it from a pile away. You can't defend these now. Stop, stop. Stop, don't just stop, stop. He liked the business and thought. Stop, don't just stop, stop, stop. Stop, don't just stop, stop. The gun's a few good. You think every lots of hard and the gun needs to suck. Smoke it every day until you're long so alike. With all the money that we have made. Jamaica doesn't even afford it. American to pour a song in here and say, You can't stop, don't just stop, stop. Stop, don't just stop, stop. They like to pop this cliff and choke. One, two, three, begin to pop and choke. One, two, one, two, one. Stop, don't just stop, stop. They can't really hurt the community. You're not allowed to listen, you are at our strong man. You like to smoke your giants, if whatever you can. And they keep coming here from piles around. A bite, they go to you by the house and they come. A rascal man, a seat of her, on my right. You can't do it, go, stand out and then they start. One, two, three, start. Smoke the time, smoke, smoke. One, two, three, start. Smoke the time, smoke the smoke. Smoke the time, smoke the time, smoke the time. They can't really hurt the community. Rock solid. One, two, three, start. One, two, three, start. One, two, three, start. Look at that man. My Deductierung for son dancing on his side. Watch out! Are you ready? Or is it a shame he has no idea what going on in AEB? I don't want to be scared... I think I will not worry. If you could hear from blatant informing him, I thought that too dark you'd die. I hope to judge the pain they have to do To make me feel alright I hope to judge the time of fear And the pain that I am a fool I hope to judge the boy and the judge And then I'll draw the most Oh my daddy, you want to know me I knew we were going to be mad And my mom, we want to make a turn To leave it as it is To save one day, I'm left in my To save two people Wow, heartwork good And I'm alive But the sex is here No, now I'm going to do it When I get out In the car I close to the door I go through doors And I believe we are gay And then every 10 hours before it I go through doors I go through doors Until I'm off me And do it, come on I go through doors Before I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors And then I go through doors and then I go through doors And then I go through doors I hope you don't need my love to die I'm gonna say that I know you won't I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do I hope you don't get what I do Pray to Godこう spirit of that rotation Nearly three 450 ml others support legalizing marijuana for魔acled use quite a lot of pull down from the nation's largest anti siguent for procedures the AARP. More than half those questions, and they believe marijuana has medical benefits, while a larger majority agreed that drug is addictive and working they get some. So I'd hear like that. I'd like to call the old forests man, the 60s generation, all of us old forests. 547 both on speaking of a fig in your way through the last week of the year. Yeah, last 10 days, whatever it is. Tomorrow we got the heavy duty workers, the transit 1130. Right. Now unless of what you're right, we know Waco is unless the God squad, the Diaries like in September. It should be okay. You know, I'm taking it should be okay. Okay. It should be pretty good. 547 votes on a pool, which best describes your feelings about Christmas. It's a pain in the ass, baby. It's a pain in the ass. 178. Almost the third of the shot, he says, Christmas is a real pain. Let's get it over with already. Too expensive 102. My favorite holiday 88. Ah. Strictly for glam 77. I got something strictly for glam. 166. And important. That's what I heard. The birth of our Savior only 40. Only 7.2% of the audience say. It's important, baby. It's the birth of Jesus. Our Lord and Savior, which in the will we believe those fairy tales, we're going to burn in. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to the poor league gates. It's guaranteed. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. We're going to go to heaven. There's another family of five. It's the lizard king that is most fast. our germs we're as深ется. Please don't get one to Cook, the smell of our men when the skyång will be strong our germs we're as深ается. It's the seed that leaves the ig low Tyces♥ and it's still alive. Even Doia. So this is good. I owe you allement. But my wife is saying, if you want to follow everyone, I'm so this is Christmas, when we sing we all like, But it's you here, young girl, I wish it's like a power of the night, You want to help my ass you can't see me in the face of my own, I'm all good, happy new year, I'm all good, I'm all good, I'm all good, I'm all good, I'm all good, I wish it's like a power of the night, I wish it's like a power of the night, Thank you, Merry Christmas, now I can bloody well rest in peace. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, hey, hey, hey, hey. School Vienna, опaucku, piuhuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, piuhu, puhu, piubappu, piuhu, piuhun'u, River Windevened, The return to Santa I got the sweat of from my ground bone It was pink and black A don't worry be your heart Pink is with me in the arms and face You wrote a heart The return to Santa Just send me cash Your time is swear Okay, me or rest I got a fruit taken some plants Where to this whole my nose A no bow of old spines Or a jade iron hose Zero to fond and return to Santa A who is this joke But this is Christmas But really it's not Zero to fond and return to Santa Tell me to be rude But this is Christmas I got switched A return to Santa A return to Santa K-tell Reset Over 7248 A my boy Just song hello This special evening I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you It's an amazing company of 728 Lumpsong's the orally The old busy we remastered And all performed by the masterful Superstar and Jerry Lewis Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey And Ellen, these kids never sell too better Dad, I don't even know where to feed the baby No way No way The people are a little more And listen to every Sunday It's a good interpretation of the Super Hip I'm like King of Pump Baby, did my wife say No way You did the food No way I'm not even sure I am a man I'm a man I'm a man That's 748 I'm a lady's father I'm 35 cd Is there a 125 cd? Eight practice Oh, remember that boy His mother from the original cassette masters And his collection is yours Go around the globe And your lady will never forget It's all yours From 17c, baby From 132, 95 And a phony from K-10 You can tell us it's out We go And smell I'm telling you Maybe there is a god after all What would have it? Oh, it says it was a video of him Maybe He'll come It's been written Anyway, a big team answers my question about our transmitter So, to answer your question, a QM transmitter is located on a platform About a hundred feet into Biscay and Bay Directly behind, believe it or not The mommy Harold Dulling All of these things Wow If you drive east of the Venetian cause Wait and see if his biggest day was put there Because at that time Back in the day That was the middle of civilization in Miami You have Miami, Miami, beef, cork, heavals, hialia South Miami Homestead, not much else It's proximity to people may also be Reason by the transmitter is limited to five kilowatts during the day It would take a massive amount of land Probably out in the Everglades Isn't that what I just said before? Yes we did Which would entail getting environmental experiences And many towers would have to be erected To get up to 50,000 watts A multi tower array And the signal is not going to be that much better Even with 10 times the power is big, Tim So, in closing, the signal is going to sound like Crap into the beastly, put you on FM Wow Am I going to do why would he care If the beastly is put us on FM Oh no, no, no as long as the money keeps coming What a week here Now probably some of those Christian individuals Organizations are going to be of so close Because I haven't played like too many And we've had a lot of Christmas stuff But none of them went into much about Jesus Jesus Christ Right, so maybe we saw them when we come back I know when this means that these people need Rogers Exclusively I'm five six six To you, David He is for the home of A food Oh, there he was just a walking on the sea stand Who I did, if that it done dead He's a man from the land of Delo Say, who I did, if that it done dead Who's good, please good Do that, do that, do that Be a peace, good, do that Be a peace, Jesus water into one The next thing I knew we had Only men on his feet saying And who I did, if that it done dead Who, to the final dawn of the sea And the dumb I've done a stuccy Who I did, if that it done dead Who he walked on Walked on, who my dog My dog Walked on, who my dog They need care to let her source Whoa, whoa, whoa Some say he's the son of God They'll God Yes, they do, but there's all the people Think it's so hot Now he's the reason that we have And he's the daystand Who I did, if that it done dead Who and he's the reason That all the Christians were a sin Who I did, if that it done dead Who they praise him, praise him We'll down, we'll down Praise him and we'll down The man who wore a thorn crown Who I did, if that it done dead Who I did, if that it done dead Who I did, if that it done Who's that you, if that it done Who he's the do, oh, do I did it, if that it done Who he's the do, do I did it, if that it done Who he's the do, if that it done Who he is Christ for, if that's the strength Dexedron When you're getting crucified The last thing he needs to have to get There's so much pressure Hangin' around with the whole world To send his away under shoulders And some fuck glad in your sticks of spirit in your sight Yeah Jesus Christ betters So in this story crown feels like a face around my head That's when I reach for Dexedron Well I don't reach for it Hey, anybody got any dexedron Hey Judas, could you throw a couple out of my mouth Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake Extrustrate Dexedron Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear All right Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Amen O Lord Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Jesus Christ Come on Jesus Christ All right All right All right So in this way I know I can't get Jesus Christ When no one cares about his first arm Jesus will do it all right For you All right To it all right Woo, man Jesus will do it all right No, it's great Jesus may feel unseen Woo, man Jesus may smell No, it's fine, Jesus will do it all right No one cares about the bread and the bread No one cares about the bread and the bread Jesus may not be very dead Jesus will do it all right For you Jesus may feel unseen Way to go Over every side Woo, Jesus may feel unseen Way to go Over every side Woo, man Fast, fast, fast, fast Go, over the back Woo, you'll be full of those new set And there goes down Woo, man I ain't hard to get it Where that man goes down And he's super fast Who is all here? Hold on, hold on Man, man, man To the right Really true Oh man Man, man, man, the portion is back Here's true Oh, man To the doctor Why do you think Why do you think I'm the blood and I can carry the breeze Oh, man I'm the blood and I can carry the breeze Oh, man Oh, man Come on, man To the right He's on It's all there is to make it Come on, man To take us away Come on, man Come on, man I'm the blood and I can play I'm the blood and I can play Woo, man I ain't hard to get it Go! We've got to get there We've got to put the button on the left I'm the blood and I can play The most controversial movie of our time, Martin's 4 seasons, the last potential of Christ, recently became available for whole-wheeling on cassette, religious groups, mythed at the release of a film carefully, became outrage on the event of its own distribution. And so, for your spiritual education and for those who don't have VCRs on a price on a movie ticket, we are proud to present that, part 1, the radial version of Martin's 4 seasons, the last temptation of Christ. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5 6, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5 5, 5, 5, 5, 1, 5, 10, 5, 7, 5, 7, 5, 5, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, , 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 0, lets you giveaway. No, karthuk kidding us, I can celebrate that game, I don't believe they can't apply fly too far, 8 35. Please give me a little round of applause, give me a bit of praise for the future. I young man turned 28, his scored the sweetest bag, I'll drown the next day. It's too many seeds in your dime bag, getting to the party to minutes to late. He's an idiot, he's a chronic. Don't you think? It's not fair, you ain't! When you're not falling, breaks, the breeze, the air, When you're all ready to do it, we'll be... That you just didn't say, That you want to stop, you get it! That you're all ready to eat, and you're still there, I love it, you bring it. It's like 10,000 joints when all you need is a light. It's like having feelings with you, and then finding out with your family. And isn't it the chronic? Don't you think? It's not fair, you ain't! I'm gonna do too much chronic. Yeah, I really do think. It's not fair, you ain't! When you're not falling, breaks, the breeze, the air, When you're all ready to eat, we'll be... That you just didn't say, That you're all ready to eat, and you're still there, You get it! You're all ready to eat, and you're still there, You're still there, you ain't! Well, can't you use to beat the scar on, please, who I can? Now we're making won't be that when you lose a vision. We've all been the theaters all bound to ask. If we don't keep one more, they don't should have been man. Jesus Christ, love it's all, breaks, rain, the talk, give it to us for us. Jesus Christ, take a look. Don't feel the sound, turn you into a book. Jesus Christ, all the dreams. Cloth there was no hardship. Jesus Christ, take a deep, finally naturally made in the right. Jesus Christ, love it's all, are you without it? We say, you are Jesus Christ. You've loved your mother tonight, Joe, trying to make light of tragic situations. So that's what Colby Bryant said. Why not? The room's already paid for her. Now, America's favorite monologue marathon man is probably your patients in a whole new way. Big chin records for his ends. Jail and O does hits of the 80s. Why? How big ribs are within us? Great. Why? How big is up with the president's is today? How big is this? Unbelievable. You like watching J walking, then you'll love listening to J singing. Come on, I laying. Oh, I swear. They'll true story within the paper to explain it. If I had rid of a bionic, I wouldn't believe it. Really, if you're a favorite tech aide with a man who hasn't been clever since then. Hey, go. Jail and O does hits of the 80s today. Ray, lad. Don't do it. I used to be funny, but I employed. He isn't that right Kevin, two orders. Jail and O does hits of the 80s. Just call 1-800-S. Oh, who are we kidding? No one's gonna buy this garbage. Jail. Jail. Jail. We know common she take the boy home. Jail. Jail. Jail. We know common she takes the boy home. You want to be the top banana. You know common she take the boy home. You buy her the cheap and the city, man. Jail. We know common she takes the boy home. You want to buy her meat, you be the new her banana. We know common she take the boy home. A crooked arrow gets too thin, shaw! We know common she takes the boy home. I should think that her a night big mouth huts. We know common she take the boy home. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. We know common she takes the boy home. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. We know common she takes the boy home. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. Jail. The check in the sea, no they never say please Just waiting for their ever special outcome Wasting away you can go to hell Sicken for the past you'd be left in a glass And how they're creating the treasure, the host to play But they know, it's their own damn form The treasure in the sea, no they never say The world is just as hard as it can And once they're seen, they get over here It's not stuff that roses we love in their veins Wasted away a kid and got old home Looking for that long glass bottle of view And how they say that it's a full of dreams But for some, and they remind the blue ones The hope for some more than reason But nothing is easy The muscles they can't let you just don't think Oh, hey What does it matter? When they call up me and shadow I hate you never listen to your system But waste your way again and go to hell I'm dying out of here Just a fossil that I'm using and a baby And how they're making that is a job host to play But they know They can't wait for this film And how they're making that job host to play Let me know They just can't wait for this film That's a booby You were listening to me, Roger, thanks for listening You're the audio lullita The audio lullita I'll screw up all my plans like Pesias and the guy I'd follow So what is it? I got this thing timed out like to the 10th of a second man I got it down to a science I'm thinking I don't have to see how the word not even see you I still awake You just play another bit You have something locked in the room So what are we going to do with those four spots? Let me go see if I can play any other room See if you can play any other room So the other room is going to start a bit And you're going to say, oh, well, you got to trap that off Because we can play any other room now When did the audio lullita go out? Just now, just now, what a place What an unbelievable positively Unacceptable pile of crap What do we do? We don't want to fire something off and let you know what it ends Well, they're not going to need to play another one What kind of comment is such a crap as ad? Well listen, I'm so what it wants you to be playing here now Oh anything No, my fast How about Excuse me I just remember one time Oh you John, remember two of my lives I want to make movies for it's lives I like to go and rape, rent a Hollywood's vote Unfortunately, I should be like I had a stroke First blood came in 82 That's why I heard my penis ended never through Rambo 2 was an 85-late Rambo 3 was an 88 Shoo it And who is like us? I did not make movies with my son He never said she was in Rocky Flag and daylight The toilet movie A little bit of cash is what I made I got to get a roll from the power of cranes I got to have a mug of money Or a blood-wage show like you're a dream I guess nobody ever saw a copland And we're still bitter, I guess I understand My whole life is about to cave in Oh I got left in general, flak them Let me the doughnuts I make some egg rambo for him I got to get out of the pot I got to get out of the pot I really need a script I can do this by a long walk Keep it zip, they like comedy, action, adventure And drama, the only thing I want to do is have sex with a llama So give me a break for goodness sake I used to be an opera, now I can't get on Ricky Lake Right now I got a one-man show and book him Say basically on a random boy chips Say a little bit of cash in for a name I got to get a roll from the power of cranes I got to have a mug of money and book him Or a Broadway show like nothing I guess nobody ever saw a copland And he was stupid, so I understand My whole life is about to cave in Oh I got left in a private That's why ladies and gentlemen I need to make rambo for him So you got it Okay so I left it for a minute Just in case you can play this fine Yeah he can play me he's going to wait for you to say do it Well let's do it See you