We love that sports baby. We don't like you Neil and we share so they'll like how way but we love that sports man. How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Husband meats 밥ugar I don't know if this type of thing fell I just think your thoughts grew to be I don't know if it was it Let us in, let us in, let us in Let us in, let us in, let us in Let us in, let us in, let us in Let us in, let us in, let us in We don't live, let us in Let us in, we might be dead Let us trying to push me towards the blue characteristic, by the King's Wind I'm running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around walking around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, and running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running around, running...... some kind of moving, some kind of Soapя, which I told you in the comment we mentioned these games as far. It's like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, 4.7%. It can't hurt. 629, in other words, what's not to like? 20 and a half percent said it can't hurt. 432 said great, it'll put carry over the top, 19.6 percent, and by the way today, Washington Post ABC News poll for the first time nationally shows carry 1.0 hit. It won't help Bush wins, 212, 9.6 have you done her heads out there, heavy mouth-breathing right-wing, Bible-thumping lunatics with a lot of money. Said, it won't help Bush wins no matter what. And I don't give a Schmidt 164, 7.4 percent of the intelligentsia out there. The ones who only worry about giving me the ball, giving me the ball, giving me the ball. And by the way, speaking of giving me the ball, how could Bush possibly be going to get more votes among blacks this time than last time when it was black voters who were disenfranchised, were screwed in that dude? Who were told, oh, you can't vote, go back home, boy. Stuff like that, especially in Florida. And so as we ward for that kind of fascism, more black people are going to go out there and vote for these Nazis, I don't make any sense to me. I don't believe any of these polls, you know what? I believe one of the ones I like. Yeah, there you go. That's right, the ones that sound good for what I like, I like those polls a lot. I've seen a poller two in my time. Now anyway, rush to war. Mimey debut screening of this one-hour documentary by Mimey native and noted thumb producer Bob Tature, Titech or whatever his name is, details the issues surrounding 9-11 in American foreign policy within cycle comments from respective government officials, foreign policy experts and journalists including former Senator George McGovern, naturally syndicated communist Robert Sheer Molly Ivins of Chris Hages, former chief UN weapons inspector Scott Ritter, former general Anthony Zinney and former terrorism Zarr did Clark, an emphasizes the wonders of the current administration's policies and actions in the war on terror and its consequences for global security in the 21st century. That's tonight. What do grabers bug us about? Do you have to bug us? What are you all in bed? You reminded me because I forgot all about it. Tonight at 730 and 930 at the flavor nightclub, 2895 McFarlane Road in the Grove. Admission is 10 Voxa Porto the proceeds being donated to move on.org and Woody's probably going to pocket the rest. That's tonight at 730 and 930 at the flavor nightclub, 2895 McFarlane Road in the Grove, 10 bucks. Rush to war, a one-hour documentary. Speaking of documentary, so I got a great documentary from CBC last night from the show, Passionate Eye. US media blues about how the media is like a goose stepped along with this whole war and just absolutely been at a disgrace, but I just don't have time to play it today. Oh, well, no, when we have a day later in the week, which I'm sure they'll bail out one day, 1030, 1020, then I'll play it the whole thing in its entirety. Which would be better than just playing, you know, waffle sound. It was going to say fart sounds which we can't play. We can't play it so far. I think that joyous next memo. I include that one. I'm not sure about this one. I think this one. You can forget about that once you get wind of that. No more of that. We've been the clawed default. We can't say this. We can't say that. We can't play about 70% of our bits, but we still have a marching right along. You know, in a best week, Canada, we're in possible circumstances and they still don't want to pay on pay. And they still got the no promotion for this big new deal I got in the morning there, which is going to be a lame duck anyway in 15 months. Wow. Man, you demand Greg. You are doing it. You've got to admit it. You know, we were IOD all those years. And we've seen a lot of management and then a lady manager, mismanagement. Yeah. But I don't think we've ever seen anything on a par with this. Started with that whole nervous breakdown about, you know, very jackass and the first team. I'm really disgruntled on the half. I'm happy with their numbers. And that was the beginning of the end. And since then, it's been like a like being stuck in the middle of a tornado or like in the middle of a nightmare that never ends. It just goes on and on and freaking on. And just never comes down to worth. Like we're dealing with crazy people. Christina Aguilar is going to be a curtain today. Wow. We don't need to tell anything about her. If you don't know who she is, then crawl back onto the bed. And she's actually got like a booby shot there. Oh, pretty. Aguilar. Right. I mean granted. It's not everything you want to see. But we're also going to see that. Right. Right. It's more than I've seen lately. It's more than we've seen for lately. And it's actually a pretty good picture her considering the fact that she looks like Minnie Mouse on her bed day. I don't know. But at any rate, she's a no famous. She's popular. She's an TV. She's an video's. Therefore, she must be really hot. Right. So therefore, there she is. Christina Aguilar. I'm your rages.com. Also today's poll. Before we get into a voluminous amount of stuff, a voluminous amount of crap plus thousands of course of your fantastic phone calls. Like this one online nine WQAM. Hey Neil, did you get that horse I gave you yesterday? No. I left. I left a message on Georgia's voice fail. Like a horse. Support the call. Number five horse. Well, what am I going to forget about call to the fourth car. Call by any K. Okay. You degenerate gambling lunatic. That's a cool. Every time. Once a year twice a year maybe I'm not interested man. A Harvey horse that's ever been given to me. They're still running. Even better. They're like two to five. I don't need two to five shots. Okay. I'm hitting him. Can't that. Shmuck. How sure are you that your vote will count next week? That's our poll question today. How sure are you? Uh huh. We got three six eight freaking choices on here. I think I'm getting my throat back today. It's good. But I actually got a little sleep last night starting at about one in the morning. I was lying there getting aggravated about Greg and the check and about this miserable company and how they treat everybody like crap and then I thought to myself, it's not even worth it. Just take the money and run assuming it ever shows up. You know, every payday now. I got to call this one and that one and then we got to go buy this one and she's got to call over the Naples and did they stick to check up somebody's ass or did it get lost in the fan? Did they shred it? Just pay people on payday. I know that's a revolutionary concept for a company that's listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange that has a bunch of shareholders out there who I'm sure aren't too happy about the fact when they find out the company is just reputable and don't pay people on payday and that the employees, the hired hands are bringing all these millions of dollars have to beg and plead and threaten to get their paycheck most of the time. Not a lot of fun, you know, it just destroys another day if you're alive. That's what these people are really good at. Not so much good at broadcasting, but get it destroying your life. See what I'm saying? No, but you want to know. You're fired, George. You're fired. Just, you know, not for a special reason just for now. Just for a minute or two. Just see how it feels. You're fired. How sure are you that your vote will count next week? Here are the choices. 100% sure. So much sure. Don't know. Have serious doubts. About 30. Won't vote. Can't vote or don't give a shipment. I think we covered all of bases there, baby. Even baby route never touched as many bases that I just did right there. Right? Right. How sure are you that your vote will count next week? 100% sure. Somewhat sure. Don't know. Have serious doubts. About 30. About 30 minutes. Won't vote. Can't vote or I don't give a shipment. I love that. I think we covered like I said, every base. Hey, the dolphins are playing the Jets in New York, Monday night. That will be ugly. That's Josh Cortis's prediction and I echo that sentiment. Did you say that? Yes, I did. You said the game against the Rams would be ugly. Little did we realize in what way, but it certainly was. It was more than ugly because they missed the bus. They missed two days of practice. They played Monday night. They didn't even show up. I tell you what was really embarrassing though, was that the touch down at the quarterback got there, when he's like trying to sneak for a yard or two for the first down on the nine yard line. And just he was he was like headed downward. He was in a downward trajectory. In other words, get ready to be tackled just hoping to make the first down. No. Yeah, I can't baby. Oh. I'm dying out of here. No no no. Oh copy Toy. Our She survived last 19, 19, 1995. Oh, I was thinking of Britney. She's looking really nasty these days. The pictures are her and the inquire are manual. Right. But you're with the Josh Cortis' armpit. We've been talking about it. She is looking skanking her nasty and well-used and abused. Totally moly. Roadtrash. Yeah, well. I'm sure a lot of people own this audience. So one's that are like, look at her. Look at her. She's right. Yeah. I'll take her. Yeah, you'll take her like on a weekend, like when you're bored. You know, we come along to fill in some time, fill in some space. Like wait for the show to start for example. Speaking like that, what you just said, what a good segue because Josh, Dero, Clarence Dero are programmed to rectify in name. Facts as the log again, which I didn't really need the whole log again. I could have just put that one spot in there again, and I've already written it into my log. And this is got to be a comedy. Is it, did you see the no-he wrote on here? No. About the extra spot, live spot we have, then I could do two live spots in one break. He said, he said, I know it's not protocol, but the decision is yours. No. Thanks, Josh. We've already discussed that. Thank you. You sold us out. You took away an hour of the show, or 45 minutes or whoever knows how much. But we're resolved. You've blown away that revenue. You blew away the big ratings. But 10 to 11 was always one of our, maybe our biggest hour. And certainly one of the two biggest hours on the show. And now you're blowing it out. You said, oh, we don't want that anymore. We got something better. Great. Fine. I hope it gets you a 30 share. At least. Absolutely. If this person who doesn't, who keeps vaccine things from the Gad Flyer doesn't stop them on plug-in. About what about the bill come on. Bush and stuff we have stuff we know. Yeah, just fly away, Gad Flyer. Okay. Gad Fly usually means fruit fly to me. Probably real fruit cake. In fact, maybe he was in the back seat when Kamal was up there in the four pierce of where Vittel was. Where was it? Yeah, I think that's right. Hey, my, my, my bill come on. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. You people are pathetic, man. Trashy was crowd out there. As though this was some big surprise, but I'll serve put it on the website today. And we're still getting facts about it about Miss Kamal. Yep. And it's 14 year old son for a day. Forever son. Is that what I was son forever? Well, the son is forever until it burns out till it flames away. You know, I'm saying the son is kind of, oh, I mean, Paul Krugman writes in the times, I don't, well, let's get a couple of calls in. Maybe you're not. I don't know. I have a lot of stuff here today. The election's only a week away. And I know I take myself much too seriously to think I might change a couple of votes. I'm going to give it my best shot. Okay, on spite of all of this other crap going on around me. It's like being in the middle of one of those hurricanes we just had. You just continue moving straight along with your agenda man. You don't be bothered by the crap on the right on the left behind you on top of your underneath you over your head. All of these things. You're on the same. All of these things. Right. That's what I was saying. By management, Mr. Management, Ms. Lackie, any of these people. We got all chiefs in no bottle washers in that place. That's the problem. All chiefs in no engines. Paul Kröhmann writes in the Times today a culture of coverups. This is so good man. It is award winning. He's great. He says AIDS to John Kerry said that the wins will replace Porter, Mr. Gosses, head of the CIA. Let's hope so. Mr. Gosses already confirmed the fears of those who worried about his appointment by placing Republicans, staff members from Capitol Hill and key positions and raising fears about a partisan purge. To flap over Mr. Gosses only a symptom of a much broader issue, whether the Bush administration will be able to maintain its culture of coverups. That culture affects every branch of policy, but it's strongest when it comes to these so-called war on terror. Although President Bush's campaign is based almost entirely on his sub-proclaimed leadership in that war, his officials have thrown a shroud of secrecy over any information that might let voters assess his performance. Yesterday, we got two peaks under that shroud. One was the times report about what the IAEA calls the greatest explosives been answered in history, and spite of what NBC is trying to say by the way today. Ignoring the agency's warnings administration officials fear they'll secure the weapon site Alkaka, in Iraq allowing 377 tons of deadly high explosives to be looted, presumably by insurgents. The administration is trying to play down the importance of this loss arguing that because Iraq was a Washington munitions, a few hundred more tons don't make much difference. But aside from the potential use of them in nuclear weapons, the reason they were under seal before the war, these particular explosives, unlike state administrations, are exactly what a terrorist needs. In form sources quoted by the influential Nelson reports, say, explosives from Alkaka are the primary source of the roadside and car bombs that have killed and wounded so many U.S. soldiers, and thanks to the huge amount looted in a highly organized operation using heavy equipment, the insurgents and whoever else have access to the Kaka material have enough explosives for tens of thousands of future bombs. They got lots of Kaka man. With the administration headed its way, the public would never hurt anything about this. The administration officials have noted about the looting of Alkaka for at least six months and probably much longer, but they didn't let the IAEA inspect that site after the war and pressure the Iraqis not to inform the agency about the loss. Now they say they didn't warn our enemies that is the people who stole the stuff to know it was missing. The real reason obviously was that they wanted the news kept under wraps to left in November 2. The story of the looted explosives has overshadowed another report that Bush officials tried to suppress this one about how the Bush administration led Alzakawi get away. An article in yesterday's Wall Street Journal confirmed an expanded on an NBC-lightly news report from March that asserted that before the Iraq war, administration officials called off a plan to attack that might have killed Mr. Zarkawi, the terrorist now blamed for much of the mayhem in that country in his camp. Siding military officials, the original NBC reported a plan that the fate did to go after Mr. Zarkawi was based on domestic politics. The administration feared destroying the terrorist camp in Iraq, a part of Iraq not controlled by Sodom was saying, could undermine its case for war against Sodom. The journal doesn't come at the explanation but it does say that when NBC reported correctly that Mr. Zarkawi had been targeted before the war, administration officials denied it. What other mistakes did the administration make? If partisan appointees like Mr. Gaskin tended to control the intelligence agencies, we may never know. This isn't speculation. Mr. Gaskin's already involved in a new cover-up, last week Robert Chier, the LA Times revealed the existence of a devastating but suppressed report by the CIA's Inspector General on 9-11 until and the public sits back. Oh, wow, you know. NBC says that the stuff wasn't there when we got to bagged at it all the other crimes. But you know what? If we wouldn't have kicked the inspectors out, if we wouldn't have forced them to get out of there, they could have kept all these things secure like they were before before we went barging in there on a war based on lies. This president is like a week away from possibly very close to getting reelected and the meantime we ought to be getting in peace right now. That's America for you. The right to the world knows it. What's with you guys? What's the story there? Yeah. The whole rest of the world's onto it. Not America, baby, because they're too busy getting brainwashed by the right wing networks. It's just a matter of degree. You've got to far right the middle right and the right light. Not to bright light, the right light. Got it? Got it. Good. How's my check coming? You think it's going to be there today? Because I'll tell you one thing, if the check ain't there today, you're on tomorrow. Okay. That's for damn sure. No, no, seriously. It's getting to be an embarrassment and humiliating and degrading and just the so-on professional and so-on business like the idea that we got stories. Instead of your money, here's some stories. They're very entertaining about the cat took a dump on it and what's your name over there in Maria? Said a message in Maria, because I think she's got the payroll diarrhea. 26 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM and you shop for quality footwear, great selection and professional service. You are going to fall in love with Brandy's shoes to re-never dream of shopping for shoes any place else. Because Brandy's is got people to treat you well. They give you personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit. Great, unbeatable prices and the biggest selection of men's and women's name brand shoes you'll find anywhere in town. At Brandy's, they get all the big names you love, like rock ports, floor shime, SAS, spirit, timber and naturalize your other big names and issue business. These open everyday Monday through Saturday from 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5, you'll find them in the same great location. They've been serving up unbeatable deals for years now. You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompeo Beach. It's always well worth the trip. And don't forget this week is a great time again to get a great deal of Brandy's because take 50% off on all red tag men's and women's famous brands all throughout the store. So be sure to get into Brandy's this week or visit them on at wicked worldwide web at Brandy's shoes. And then you'll launch it exclusively on my 16th week. I can't you feel like I don't need to be. And you want to do it for a bit. Make it a gas that we don't have to keep. We can be for an and write just like you'll be free. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh no, no, no. Oh no, no, no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no, just a second. How come we saw that Gallop will be foreign Florida that we're showing the bushing points ahead now. It's showing the latest Gallop Florida poll. 51 for Bush 51 for I see that's right. 51 to 43. You see that? Mm-hmm. Look at that. That's the Gallop for the other poll shows even Steven. They say don't believe it. Brandy's on the march for those who are actually from the point of a gun. Or spread our free. Oh, democracy, that these shi-raggies want to show. Dish for it. Now, at least my college entrance is open. The stretch. Listen to the captain now. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. He's looking for the country. Not yet. And you're shooting for both of our schools. No more nenhuma change. Well done. He must assemble the other ones in now. The captain is creating the country. Carbama, is forming a radicalry. All morning. 1132 at 560 you see the Apollo poles though and Florida the average was bush 47 carry 46 it is dead even Stephen baby I think they're going to be in for a big surprise like Jimmy Breslin wrote all the cell phone people all the uncounted untangulated unpoled people they're going to be turned up all this week and then again next to day like big army showed up at the polls last night haven't heard from big army in the coups age you know it right he fact says I voted last night waited two hours and ten minutes online just to get to the voting will then another twenty minutes in there and you know what it was worth it just like it said on your website for hundreds of years our people of fought and died for the right to vote and be free into me anyone who doesn't exercise the right to vote doesn't deserve a witness country was a great feeling hit that vote button hit to what America's all about put your finger on it and hit it and the button to smack it here's the fact that says a very interesting scene at the fins game on sunday how you see where this is from yes university dollars this must be from kibba book campers boyfriend over there at university dodge or for this is the q a m is the official voice of the dolphins in marlins under the jumbo tron at pp park is a huge sign that says sports radio 790 ESPN very interesting it says I mentioned that yesterday because we had a call on it also speaking of voting yes I'm proposition for which you will on Tuesday or if you're holding ahead of time to allow slot machines only to these seven per mutuals and date and rower county not in any place else not into convenience stores drug stores in your corner like uh... supermarket that it can happen prohibited by law and all money by law see that the way to do it is go on our website and see our votes on the various eight amendments right and if you check out prop for you click on that one ready the other ones and we do think it's entirety and it shows you that that money is earmarked specifically for education for the state over and above all a current funding for education unlike the lottery which of course we all know as a big scam and a sham in a rip off about the dog the dogs what is that that we got there boy they got more pulls the L.A. times national poll shows uh... carry forty eight uh... bush forty eight likely voters and registered voters forty seven a dead even tie nation why the L.A. times poll how do you know that in that what it figures look at that is that Pennsylvania now that's uh... nationwide anyway we can i get back to the thing about prop for okay but we see some pretty good propaganda here this morning the no-on four committee which is the people trying to get you to vote against lots in the upper mutuals and against all that money for education also has a shady underside with ties to the gambling industry what is shocked the firm contracted to perform the no-on four committees legal work is none other than greenberg trial reggae firm notoriously notice a lobbyist for numerous Indian casinos uh... the firm's main lobbyist jack abram off is currently the subject of an investigation by federal authorities including the FBI as well a u.s. senate committee chaired by senator john McCain is after him abram office received over forty five million dollars in payments from numerous Indian casinos for lobbying worked on either behalf uh... among the gaming interest representative johnson as we see money from our most notably the seminal trial of florida which contributed to a hundred and fifty dollars to johnson in two thousand two and it is needs received campaign contributions from florida thirabred packed the florida gray-hound re association and the c.e. over all Caribbean cruise lines who ships feature numerous gambling activities on randy johnson and his time to the gambling industry the sun sent a road then there is the hypocritical position of the chairman of no casinos in state representative randy johnson he says he's opposed to gambling but two years ago received a two hundred and fifty dollar contribution from the Hollywood based in the old trial of florida so he's opposed to gambling with he'll take money from anybody like that so it's just all of folks great it's all a bunch of crap the micky erasins of the world the indian they all wanted for themselves as opposed to and of course none of the money that they raised not a dime of it goes into the state coffers goes to help education or any other damn thing everyone micky erasin went after a daddy died and left the nine billion dollars in israel got on a plane went to israel the hop up that nine billion dollars in tax uh... exempt tax free of funds there nice calling is left as the micky again just like when it behind closed doors of mayor pina pecena whatever hell is name is after being careful these days yeah mayor pini pecania and cooked up that american airlines micky erasin sweetheart deal behind closed doors after the mayor got elected based on a lie that he said oh well i'm not gonna do that speaking right something else what uh... we got the hourly is uh... come an action or rich sentient but they let show is must see cd well we know that even rick stances as the daily shows must see tv like that even a bosom like rickie tiki sands says knows that how do you like the husk of a clearance suggesting that i do two-live spots in one break to try to salvage them money after they steal an hour from new show after they stick a stavas in a back right through the heart to back to spleen delivered the uh... back to who are you kidding mister what you people have done the show and who are audience and all of us all around all the you know like i said i think an hour and a half some good as long as the paychecks shows up see it's not a great deal if the paychecks on show up and it's not any bargain how sure are you that your vote will count next week that's our poll question on neo-rogers dot com our prestigious website dot head of great uh... description of our website this morning before the show he said it was like a uh... like a magazine and easing the e-news paper right like an e-magazine slash news paper or slash whatever with cartoons with very important political stories with the naked pictures which you want to find a most that they can pictures audio video right updated daily and nine eleven pedigons strike in everybody hasn't taken a look at yet you better get with it now let's see what what am i looking at here men twenty five fifty four well what what is this tell me though well that's the uh... that's the hour those are the preliminary hour leaves as they're being generated yeah so how come we saw how we come we had such a a marginal uh... i don't get it all because that's the three months average together i see we want is the hour leaves for the month of September which i don't know how you get that you know what you can of course you can all all around for it hey you know that's not that that is as long as we got this we can certainly get that this doesn't come in and this tells me what we have for the whole summer but this is what we normally get so this is the first thing all the presses and yeah well we want the month of September isolated we want to see just exactly what happened once so we got screwed and stabbed in the back into the heart and the screen deliver and even deep into the back of the right i mean so so there you go so our by our summer book six in a morning three five three three four all four all and then uh... ten o'clock six two six five five three five two my god with his two big hours is usual six one six one and that knows we're done because the upper was not a good part of the time i don't want to see who was do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do what can i say i want to get involved he's got his own story so there we go so let's see ten to two love ninety four six two and q m of five seven and twenty five fifty four so we didn't make number one in uh twenty five fifty four and a summer time we're number two damn it based on that horrendous September so now this doesn't this gives us no information what because what are those are that George and yours truly who was on a couple of days a week we were doing just fine and they know like we did last summer and then all of a sudden we had this format change about August 17 that's where it means that that's the chicken wood pile that we need to take a pucat so this may be all very well and good that said around so on but it tells us absolutely nothing that we need to know badly okay because of temperatures dragged us right down to the mud and it right ten forty one and i sound like a little worked up today if you know the grief in the evasion of the service that i go through with these people it's it's unacceptable it's unbelievable you try to avoid them mind your own business coming every day to a good show just just ignore them just live your life from a long distance no less and you still can't do it because they are perveurs of grief and boulschmeth that's what they specialize in not pan people necessarily on time eleven forty two a five sixty w qn half your hair is on a way out if it's already out most of it if you look in the mirror and you wonder where the hell that big boulschbuck came from call our buddy the best in the hair business chalzoffyery because he'll look in make you look sensational Charlie's been helping the famous the mediocre the in between the low lives over thirty years now you would it is a hundred percent aren't detectable i just like doing that here appears to be growing out of your scalp chalese work is guaranteed you try system for about thirty days not thirty men a month and after a month if you don't love the way looks in fields and smells returner for a full refund no questions asked make that call today look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again one eight hundred three two one a twenty four thirteen touch early heard about here on a real famous new Roger show they used to really big big stuff and get your special qn took it out of this got off the regular m one because it looks like for real you won't believe how great and young and much better you look after Charlie takes care of your head so call in day twelve free one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or check them on that wicked way that Charles alphiary dot com thirteen eleven five sixty w two and the highly rated uh just unbeatable gym manager to the indefaticable whatever that means you made it's made up and the number four and then we got the uh big oh it's seven so in a business perfect okay three hundred and five votes on a pull harsher are you that you're whole con next week somewhat sure eighty five and series doubt seventy two five thirty man fifty eight hundred percent sure forty four don't know don't know is got about thirty man can't vote eight don't give a schmith five and i won't vote three out of three hundred and five so far you think we'd have eighty million hits on your already in a website with christina eglaring her boobies ticket i wouldn't you get think oh you will find that just everywhere we certainly won't find that in a weekly reader i'll guarantee that you won't find that a newsweek or time magazine you won't find that on the fudge report i'm telling you right now now you just pass me the same five pages again that you've passed me before i have no idea why i just went to a death's their whole idea that it records one or rock the boat and the uh the republicans want to block the vote well there they're missing it let me tell you there would there had to be at least five hundred people in line this morning and nine o'clock this morning excellent so keep your fingers crossed we can have some regime change in the country okay and don't forget Friday get back out there and do it again okay okay paly get while this makes sure it counts at least once then at least i'll be able to say well fairly sure i think my boat's gonna count 10 till noon at five sixty wq and we got those September numbers yet or what no that that's as simple as taking out all of all of his is a working on it they know all of them all of them is you go in there weeks eight to twelve that's as simple you could do that like you could stick your finger inside somebody's uh earlobe and uh just as easily okay well maybe you well no thanks by the way i appreciate this very nice apology letter for the person that that's from the mulled from the uh to the apologize vaccine all these god flyer articles yeah saying that they kept getting error messages so they're gonna try it again and we're getting error messages like you can't sleep yeah yeah we don't want your and get fly crap okay you idiot you lunatic the only error is on your part in fact the only error was it birth for whoever you are leave us alone quit wasting our goods you idiot jackass dog Thompson the rant on that website that George can't stand i have no idea why capital will blew i guess they're not partisan up for little George he says how many more have to die well he says he's got his thumb right on it he's good he says much has been said and written about the thousand plus americans who gave their lives for an increasingly questionable war in Iraq but little attention is paid to the thousands upon thousands of Iraq he's who die not only from american military but also at the hands of terrorists because their soldiers cannot protect them we don't know how many of that because the pentagon cover up of what's really happening in Iraq prevents release of the death tolls of Iraq easy to combat or civilian as the occupier of this foreign land we have an obligation to protect the citizens but we cannot the execution of forty nine recently trained recruits in the Iraqi national guard underscores just how little control we have the of the situation that be legged country and by the way it was uh allow we was just on there our handpicked stooch from the city and allow it was excreoating uh the lack of security there which has been the reason why those kids got killed and of course here they are on our marching through the desert in the middle of the daytime and like uh sitting ducks with those security nobody to protect them anyway Doug Thompson goes on to say president boisterous to fight his invasion Iraq on a number of lies boisterous had sat on mousane at weapons of mass destruction needed not boisterous administration had proved the link between who's saying the night level of attacks on america the proof didn't exist in the sea ice as it has doubts it can ever prove such a link and boisterous the invasion would free Iraqis from the tyranny of sat on was saying it all we've done is replace one form of tyranny with another and internal memo of circulating at cia headquarters in languages more Iraqi civilians have died since the american invasion then died at the hands of satin who's saying over the past decade if the power of the american military cannot keep an occupied country safe how can we believe bush when he says america self is safer today under his leadership we can't bush lies that's a documented proven fact his lives have cost more than a thousand americans their lives in an unnecessary war his lies have created more enemies of america and left his nation more vulnerable to attack and his lies have divided this nation into a society where bitter partisanship has replaced love of country and political expedience is up to tood for honesty tyranny can come in many forms it can exist other many flags including an american one how many more americans at a rack he's half to die before we realize the real war criminal may live at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue that's not a presidential endorsement of carry but it certainly was closest dark Thompson a capital hill blue is coming to sing when it out toss bush out see what i'm saying yeah can't see it much more in fact even that how's that to support more coming i don't know why you're laughing i want it now i want it you before the bush of an expression intense to seek about seventy billion dollars in america's funding for the war's in american afghanistan early next year pushing the total war cost close i'm a mercury kept using that to an opinion dollar figure is all you're exaggerating pushing the total war cost posted to 125 billion since the invasion of Iraq early last year Pentagon and congressional official said yesterday absence so we attack thatghanistan but since we invaded Iraq last year the iracatac why does budget office spokesman Chad colton emphasize that final decisions on the supplemental spending request will not be made until shortly before the request is sent to congress that may not happen until early February when president bush of mc's budget fiscal 2006 god forbid he wins the election but Pentagon and house appropriations committee eight said that defense department military services are scrambling to get their final request to the White House offices of management and budget by mid november shortly after the election the new numbers underscore that the war's gonna be far more costly and intense and last a lot longer than the administration first suggested oh not another lie or miscalculation uh see if there's one thing our can't stand is liars people who lie through their teeth consistently okay because i have a message for all you little kids out there's something to live by keep these words right in the right in the palm of your head okay and that is this if you amans word is no good meeting man or woman of course but we'll always say man because we're sexist bastards if a man's word is no good then the man is no good follow that is that difficult logic to understand read my lips follow my tongue look up my ass okay if a man's word is no good then that man is no good in fact to me if a man's word is no good then man is pure unadulterated rap right not to mention a name's of course i'll see what we're doing here 1156 we're trying to like a play a little catch up okay see that's a little subliminal uh care care we think again catch up for reason behind carry high in sketch of course not that hunts that's like water watery you know what give you his hunts catch up i have it passed it runs it's right like not oh man you think it's catch up but it's not four minutes till noon at q a m hey if you want to know mark the speaking of snod following a low carb diet then follow the best tasting largest selection of foods right to your nose at low of a delights of west bokeh is that make any sense to you while i hope it does whether you're starting or restarting the adkin well on little work up today and we got those numbers yet whether you're starting or restarting the adkins the sugar busters the south beach or any low carb sugar free diet delights of west bokeh continues to be unchallenged the number one low carb store in south Florida means air area the people are no low carb dieting inside and out and instead it is the few items on a shelf somewhere in the corner the store like your supermarket as for low carb daughters they've got an entire store over 1200 product dedicated to you with some taste and variety things like carbolite ice cream breads pasta choppets brownies cookies and lots more the lices open every day seven days week from ten in a m till ten p.m. and you'll find them on the c a r v around the web it's low carb dot com also with a w don't forget there's only one the lice of west bokeh and it's your official atkins retail centers you listen to me and Roger it's a good one on five sixty fifty q a m this is mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on q eight moins Just to prove that she is my master, hangin' by my Jessica's forger. Raccoon! The little wheels are praying for. When they're a row of my bucks. But that pain is a tough day. When you're hanging from your nuts and I've been hanging from my Jessica's for days. Now I'm closer rather than at a day. Just to prove that she is my master. You went letter saying almost 350 metric tons of high explosives went missing from an Iraqi base after the war. White House spokesman Scott McClellan said there was no risk of nuclear proliferation because of the theft. It's become a big election issue after President Bush was accused of incompetence by George O'John Kerry. Meanwhile, some US media reports have queried if the theft happened before US troops arrived at the base in Al-Kakah. NBC television reported that one of its correspondence was embedded with the hundred and first airborne division, which temporarily took control of the base April 10, 2003 but didn't find any explosives. However, boys and girls. However, other US outlets including NBC's own news website. quoted Pentagon officials who said a search of the site after the US invasion had revealed the explosives to be intact may re-dead paragraph again. However, other US outlets including NBC's own news website quoted Pentagon officials who said a search of the site after the US that invasion had revealed the explosives to be intact. So they're trying to give us saw in a day to make up a, you know, probably threaten to shoot the peacock, especially after NBC's exposed the thing about the Al-Zakawi. In the fact that they could have had him anytime they wanted and taken him out, but that would have been bad for not just to find and baiting a wreck and going into this illegal, unjustified war based on lies. I mean, how much evidence does it take to convince some of you to underheds out there that you got a prison and a bunch of Nazis around him or a bunch of freakin' liars who are making your kids into human sacrifices? How much does it take? How many times do we have to tell you? If I turn to me, now we'll work on it between now and next week. How's that pull coming? Don't let me get so hysterical or something. All right, calm down. Okay, no. Now where is those numbers? I don't understand why you keep laughing. This is not a laughing matter. This is very, very urgent. Vergent. Huh? As foreigner would say, urgent. I might just play that. If I think I might have played that until I get the numbers. All right. I mean, it's not a big deal. I'm just going to play this. Till we do something about this, Tim. It was going straight. It was wrong when you put it. Say one thing. It's a good thing for them we've got this election coming up Tuesday. Because from now on, from here on in, I want to play butcher midday guy, but from now on, any air for every day that my paycheck is late, I'm taking seven days sick, the sick days. Got it? Sure, that worked. Threaten with me. haha ho they hit you i know even though you did a fine job during the summertime that's almost all until he changed the format how sure are you that your vote will count next week that's our poll question three ninety eight votes somewhat sure hundred and six is in that comes he comes on men's a men's uh... house uh... have serious doubts ninety four but thirty men seventy three hundred percent sure fifty nine that's what we like don't know forty four i can't vote ten i don't give it to nine and i won't vote only three well that's good that is good but there's that report bush wants more troops in more money in more yati adi adi adi and again they like crazy and they totally miscalculated and they've got us into a quagmire as a matter of fact i should have started i usually start out with the did the troops bombing struck four coalition in a rocky military kind of boys in a provincial government office yesterday killing at least eight people including another area coming just one day after the bodies in the early fifty a rocky military recruits are found massacred the bomb is occurred as a way agency confirmed that several hundred tons of explosives were missing from a former Iraqi military depot in an insurgent hotspots out of bagged add the revelation raised concerns the explosives found at the hands of insurgents who stayed the state of bloody car bomb is although there was no evidence to the missing explosives directly the attacks but the likelihood is there use all these munitions to kill our people and uh... anybody else there they don't like who doesn't uh... doesn't mean can't pay him off more in doubt had a great calm yesterday never got around a meeting but i am today i got a lot of stuff you know we'll take another call or two here and there like w qa and hello no yes sir are you doing okay the tactics that these uh... the references are doing are like uh... all right you know that's cornered against the wall you know that scaring cornered uh... that's desperate desperation that's why that's why chinese went around saying what carrying its in everybody's gonna get new you know all this crap uh... i caught you a couple weeks ago telling you about what uh... national rights to let committee was doing with uh... carries and on abortion yeah yesterday i got a call from a lady that was organizing for the media uh... for the media to go interview the swift boat veterans that they were here in tia lia good place for them yeah and today i get an email that they were going to be in for a lot of you yeah and uh... it was funny because i told i was going to go to the meeting you know just to you know be what they would do and then uh... they coming back over with misragery if you're going to be back you know to meet us enough tonight can make it and then they're like look over you i where are you you know you know i'd like to be a good drop a support but they want you man next thing you know bill come out be calling for you all right you they're like your palmy back they're like oldies he's the world cooking his own ghost marine doubt rights and yet another attempt to prove the George W. Bush days man enough to run his country john kira made an animal sacrifice to the political gods in the cornfield and eastern Ohio last week four dead geese are not too high price to pay for a few rural blue color votes in the swing state as long as mister kira doesn't slip and as to reset a puree the carcasses in the four grah trumping about in the camouflage costume and toting a 12-gauge double girl shotgun that's worth i am not a molo loving breed eating sharshetley and marine gullotont the democratic nominee emerged from his shooting spree with three fellow hunters proclaiming everybody got one everybody got one showing off a hand-stained with ghost blood one of my first presidential trips was going to Texas one week end to cover Ronald Reagan hunting with james baker at mr. baker's ranch president ragan came back proudly empty handed he didn't want to shoot any small animals he had his faults but he never overcompensated on macho posturing thinking that blowing away a flock of birds in borrowed camouflage for the cameras are bombing a weakened dictator than sashing in top gun gear for the cameras would give him more brass just as w needed to shock an odd approved was no wimp mister kiri needed to shoot an eat as joddy wilgarin wrote in the times the kiri aid assured reporters that two of the birds would soon be sent back to mister kiri for consumption the senator is desperately trying to prove he's his regular guide him he's using more contractions and dropping jese tees and ends as miss's willgarin points up and he drank bloodwiser with his male aids while watching a red sauce game when you know he was dying for an imported beer democrats have been pending to get a good other nominees hands from month now apparently three purple hearts a silver star in a brown star and Vietnam combat hard enough even from mr. kiri was seen to agree with the vietnam he vating present and vice president that he has to prove he would be tough as top on national securities they've been that would seem to be hard given the mr. bush and chaney were the guys who were in charge when the CIA warnings came true and been lodged in struck in the u.s. given that they let osama and his top yet the slipper way tour abora given that they had a war in irack over imaginary weapons and given that they still don't even admit that their belligerence and bullying have spawned a large insurgency movement in a rack and caused a recruitment swell for Islamic terrorism w indic chaney like being seen as huge beast throwing its way to rhyme that was the whole point of lacking saw them the paramidially began their beeps and but had snickering and steering at the democrats uh... democrats camouflage costume the vice president is right that mr. kiri can't compete in the arena of power hunting when mr. kiri goes only the birds are in danger when mr. chaney and his pal Antonin scolier go duck hunting together the constitution is in danger even as they mocked the democrat for try to be macho with a wildlife tablo the republicans were try to be macho with a wildlife tablo the bush chaney campaign began showing a new ad on friday and it's scaring up more votes meant to be a chilling cross between the wolf and the blerwitch project the ad plays more like a cross between a seeric club promotion and lacy the wolf stalking around the forester not meant to evoke scurry poll wolflets in the okaan stalking around the pentagon plenty more mischief they're supposed to be the alkai to terror is stalking america even though they look too cutley for the narration that ominously warrants in an increasingly dangerous world even after the first terrorist attack on america jankari in the liberals and congress voted to slash america's intelligence operation by six million dollars cut so deep they would have weakened america's defenses and weakness attracts those who are waiting to do america harm one carry a joke to report of that the democrat should do a response add mr. carry comes in the forest and a camouflage jacket and shoots the wolves why not a few more dead animals might do the trick for him ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ice going or in your go girl the york or magazine has not endorsed the presidential candidate eight eight years guess what what they did in fact the article is so long it's about four hundred pages seven pages it's on our website i'm sure not gonna even try to read it the endorsed john kary this done the york magazine uh ha ha ha i'm not gonna try to read any but because you know me i'll get emotional and get straight away i'll start trying to read the whole damn thing which i don't want to do we all it got time man we all got an hour and forty eight months left but who's counting we got those numbers yet no why i don't know maybe they're holding on to them maybe they're all you need is the last weeks eight two twelve that's all you need the last four weeks they separate the moon how it works weeks one through four five two nine and what a eight eight whatever it is man what a place top thirteen a q a m iris tax problems have a roning all aspects of your life they take a tool on your financially physically and emotionally you can never really forget about your iris promises they come back each day when you wake up in the morning cp a zney buck well in the buck wall tax from will help and your iris promise forever give you back peace of mind that's why other top cp a law firms refer their plants to the buck wall tax firm when they have iris problems why not avoid potential criminal prosecution get all on file tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records suppose you have an iris lean wades levy or payroll tax in pennilies maybe you want to settle for thousands less than you all or you need time to pay whatever the deal is in your case the buck wall tax firm can help they offer you a free initial consultation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from iris harassment and best of all you'll never have to meet with the iris because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions you don't even have to go call nine five four two seven five twenty eight hundred whether you attend grand a million anywhere in between whatever it is now iris taxes the buck wall tax from conveyor ass out call him today for your free consultation nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred or visit him on a web at iris freedom dot com and stop worrying about the iris come not an at your door call him today nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred your listening to Neil Roger it's crucibly on five six nine three five five five five nine two all he would see liberty music biography profile story he was just you damn answer to stay famous for too long he was crazy there was just something about Chris Isaac he uh oh oh sorry I I split off my seat there doctor Linda needs a boat is a research we lift whoa oh sorry look there's no point in my getting back on the chair it's just going to happen again um the point is with Chris you can just pop in that CD and hear that voice and you freaking melt according to doctor needs a boat then became so threatened by the women's enjoyment of Chris Isaac that they send out settled brainwaves messages saying Chris Isaac was no longer welcome in the home to save their relationships the women stop buying Chris's records sorry Chris please forgive us oh yeah Chris Isaac of voice that can bring a woman to our knees and you'll always feel get it ladies it's a big juicy shopping wet look at your business tonight on inside the behind yeah like miss come on would say field is okay it's pro nineteen and five sixty w to q a m so guess what what remember I told you moments ago that they gallop pull which only talks to Republicans and other people look farther right who lean little to the right um they said that the bush was a points ahead of care in the latest floor to pull well guess what the american research group which shows carry ahead now in Pennsylvania by three points couple points ahead in Ohio their floor to pull taken Saturday Sunday and yesterday shows the floor to vote to be carry 49 bush 46 and 81 percent say huh so you see this is part of the propaganda that calipers been famous for four years and other partisan organizations on the extremes of either side and that is to come up with all these skewed polls and it's already widely known I don't even know you know how to help you so I guess CNN doesn't care about their credibility they want to continue being fox light speaking of fox light I wish we had time to play this doctor from cbc here and why she's not in the right up you want to come was it is you know 9 11 it was a unifying phenomena in the states Europeans may say the american presses under control it's too patriotic and so forth but terrorism was something that had never happened in the states from an american point of view they had experienced an act of war as such everyone from journalists to ordinary citizens discovered their americanists on 9 11 americans had become infected with this disease of nationalism and blind patriotism which ultimately is about self-exultation from 9 11 on the american press suddenly had to be the super patriots or patriots in the way and they were afraid of being called un-American un-patriotic a lot of television companies felt pressure from their management and from people who work in them not so much the networks themselves but some of the others and some of the smaller groups to to be more patriotic the press were into a coma and any kind of questioning of the enterprise against Afghanistan against Iraq became a kind of defiling of the memory of those who had been killed so yes we did suffer a horrible tragedy and a crime against humanity but it was manipulated and used as these things often are by the war makers and by the way this is a tour the end of this which I'll play it later in a week the whole thing from the cbc from pacant i the west media blues about how the media just totally came into the bush administration but uh there's a great segment on it about the toppling of the statue in Iraq and about it was media staged and about how there was almost nobody there that they remember about that excerpt from about 85 books that I've been reading anyway speaking of polls which I just did democratic nomad john kary holds a one point lead over person in bush nation why the court of the latest ABC track tracking pull released yesterday which uh CNN don't seem to impress with I guess the telephone survey of likely voters from October 21 to 24 showed 49% for kary 48% for bush meaning it's even as a kid's all depends on who shows up and how now many times we can vote some of are posed released by ABC during the previous media showed bush 49 kary with 48 so it's kind of a flip flop if I can say that can I say that no the ABC poll ayati adiada had a margin of air plus or minus two and a point so in other words it is dead tight don't believe the side of ants with galf all a bush's nine points ahead he's eight points a year right you should live so long and then we actually we have the chart and we put that on the website uh Josh the o chart would that pull uh no actually I did we did not know well it's okay I'll uh get it back because they change it every day uh five six seven oh five six day feel compelled to spirit a Christ compels me to take just a couple of calls but we have heavy duty stuff including some stuff from move on dot org about things that people can do and things that are coming up this week and places you ought to be etc five six seven oh five six day pound five sixty and a variety and singular wireless lines w q a m hello there you know how to go all right hey listen along way to go go early I'm home for carry but help me out with the other issues uh I'm not asking you if it's all your footsteps for what do I what am I looking at here on these propositions can you just uh give me a call ready castor for senate don't forget for about that very cast the yeah I've over the amount the eight amendments it's uh no no no yes yes yes yes yes yes and no more bush right there you go no on the first three yes on all the other one and you I got a friend of mine at the doctor and he keeps trying to convince me about bush I just told him to help me one thing this guy is done and I'll vote for him and he can't tell me anything yeah that's why all he keep doing is attacking carry and talking about how liberal he is these a bad man yeah well they bring up things like for like 20 years ago like he's doing something uh he said he's at a red socks game and he wasn't there when I mean I was like what does that have to do you guys to me email same like he said he was at the red socks game and bought their you know blue that error nothing what does that have to do with any yeah tell him blow this I have to I said well paly and find a new doctor while you're at it anyway Adam Ruben from move on that org says last presidential election 80 million eligible voters never went to the polls including thousands of sunrise and lot of hill voters we can't afford to let anyone sit this one out our futures are at stake this Thursday our tour bird twenty eight we're going out and we're going out walking in the most important sunrise lottery hill neighborhoods to talk to people who are likely to oppose bush but don't generally vote we can beat bush in Florida and like I said that latest the american research poll shows carry three points ahead but we need carry supporters to turn out and drills and whether you're helping can make it happen when you join us please we'll kick off at the Starbucks of the intersection of spring free university with a quick training then we'll fan out across a fan out across sunrise and lottery hill and make sure our friend families and neighbors are ready to vote number two at the training move on staff will explain how 1800 mattress 1 800 m a ttr es cure season meal Rogers and school m break it you american guys who only listen to the message from the Uber ride will have their tables hog flying as it troops come home dead they find the comfort of the night I'm under the bed I never served in army I'm too afraid of fact so I sit right here there the TV far from liberal last under their covers you'll discover I'm a fixist you there would prefer to have some other do the fighting for play now this country I love is hockey fine and I rack and all the suckers like me whose next are bread in the fact have our tongues all placed firmly in mushes big brown eye the pigmouth cowards of the world who gladly follow fly welcome hey y'all go stand up to a parade see five or in less but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face and my flat will fly from the back of my club knock it in the auto to the patriotic is a double type of you of the old man for his what I see on Fox News yeah I'm an armchair warrior you know's better than you yeah I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots anything they say don't have a reader search it's so much easier this way to watch TV or look at pictures in USA today with my I made disabled items and I jiggle my brain and I go shout out to a friend to fight or enlist but you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face and I lower my lot You just facts me this is one of the great indictments in the history mankind turn he's over to Elliot Spitzer, okay For a spit on him more to come by the way. He's gonna do all the way through two to three so we can compare them all who's he? He Josh and Jai boy together. Everyone else love a lot of stuff Everybody else left for lunch. You know, it's lunch time. Oh, that's right. It's 1234. All right We only have an hour and 26 minutes to go, but who's counting? Anyway, if you look to these I'm looking at him now, right six to seven a.m This is the last four weeks of this summer rating book which includes All Howard Stern, okay You got it. I got it WM was 14th and men 25 to 54. That's our main demo with a three one share 14th Wow in the seven eight hour We were also 14th and know a 13th with the three one share nothing like consistency in the eight o'clock hour We dropped to number 21 with a two two And you want to know why part of the reason why because during when a first one on the year Joe Rose was doing like eight to eleven Instead of like nine to eleven, which he's doing now on waxy So we had a two two we went every 21 waxy which quite frankly is a station and no But it never even showed before was number four with a five one you got five five one two two In the nine o'clock hour I seriously even though I just had bacon this morning It's pretty hard to throw bacon. I'm just do it. In fact, maybe I'll just drop some bacon bits on here In the nine o'clock hour waxy again with a four four and WQAM dropping the number 22 with a one point free share Yeah, I see it to it's not a typo Now then at ten o'clock we make some out of a comeback for ten number ten with a four three All the waxy still got a four four so in other words. Welcome it back on to impart that ten o'clock I'll give back up to a four three, which usually in the first hour we have like a somewhere between the eight and a ten share Yeah, right right in fact if you look at the total summer book in those first two hours That it's still a two biggest hours on the station in spite of in other words We would have just buried as far as being number one Let it buried if a word for that change of the format in the last month of the book I think I think the bonuses ought to be based on the first two months. Oh, I thought it would be What do you mean if only then this is like sabotage? This is un-unacceptable They change the format they're all sports their sports this their row-rosses boom-bottom Runner my order pump-bombs little-many bells running around it with rate peri doing a squared-ance and then it were sports hot shots Which changed the format out of nowhere? We're so excited yesterday 99% of the people on the page of a hundred we're almost never listening to him radio anyway And have we promoted it? No, are there billboard TV major news paper campaign? I think there was one newspaper red net was it And and like most people don't even know Stern is on plus of course then you look at the other aspects of which I don't even want to get into In fact, let's let's take a look also. Let's see about PBZ if they sure up in those hours because if they do I'm gonna just I'm gonna just make guttable sounds till two o'clock You know, PBZ the buzz I think they will talk Let's hear you looking. I'm looking find them. No What's with that? Well, how's that possible? How did they have a one nine in men and they don't show up at all? You see what I'm saying? I'm not unless they're not included in here. I just don't understand Oh Don't get it. Maybe we got to wrong call it is is that possible? It's possible. I don't know they are and And how did party radio go from nowhere to number one on the afternoon first of all we got the highest correct call at it? Well, PBZ yes, well, they're not on here. No I don't see any Palm Beach stage. Maybe that's a deal. Maybe in these in this particular thing They don't show any of the out of market stations. I have no idea Because it's not one of the dating broward stations But I don't I don't see them at all. It's one of my there's the bad news is that we really got screwed and tattooed and that boring some miraculous comeback Barring the fact that the word is all over the streets and people are running around with bull horns and they don't match All right, what might take a year or two What do you mean you're two a 50 months? He's leaving the commercial radio and I wanted to use he's got to get serious and in the meantime Like I said any day infinity could pull a plug and say Guess what have a great life by by when be the first time? I doubt that that's gonna have but it could And what do we do then we drop back 15 yards and pump what do we do then? Well, we always got people waiting in the bad air like you say Don't wait in weeds right Here's another move on that Org thing it says in 2000 Carl Roe, Florence, and then vicious study to determine why George Bush had one the popular vote The study concluded that Republicans had underperformed in the last 72 hours of the last two elections and that they were Especially bad at the face-to-face get out the vote activities that the Democrats did well at I still can't get over two two and one three You realize that a one three on this radio station is about as close to turning off the transmitters you possibly can come. I like the good old days good old days of what of you know preneal Christine Amoran and The books do that the motion like and whatever You know, oh my god one three What are we talking about baby? This is just absolutely un Bailey of an unacceptable Nice gone Greg, maybe you keep doing you just keep changing that format every couple of days. Okay because that's what the audience likes is Laker consistency That's what they really can relate to like never have an any idea what time this show starts what who's on first? Who's on second? Let's get out of the costel. Let's dig them up To give the lineup every day. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. By the way, do you hear about Miss come off? 20-21 at 560 WQM. Let me tell you right now about my good friends at guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is Recently they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy it happen That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach you can call them toll free at 1-800-734-6616 Whether you look in for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate I'm a little more of the many low rate adjustable mortgages guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach has exactly what you need They offer payments as low as 232 bucks for every 100 grand your borrow guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beach can make it happen for you too And I boy will let make your mortgage happen. They will even send you on a cruise to that is correct After closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach you can choose one of six different seven-ite cruises Complement of guaranteed mortgage bankers call them now toll free 1-800-734-6616 Whether you want to buy a new home and investment property just refinance your current mortgage These are the folks you want to do business with on a web at guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com or make that call 1-800-734-6616 Here are the mortgage bankers in dear field beach where you'll be treated just like family 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-734-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-6616 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-733-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66 1-800-66