Five o'clock you fester Yes, I am a lazy right much I feel good. Yeah, I'm a tiny honey I'm back at it live I'm a little hungry Hot day, I'm not a little sweet Almost that sweet I love me I love the rings, aren't clean But I'm just still as a scene What the god of the trail And what can we do I'm like a 50-8 year old chip of mail Without the heat Where should we leave A cop-hop And what's there to read And what's your love ring And the air almost got To solve a full day was fried But quick will be fried My things free from time Just open it I'll have a heart of black And make it one by one And try in the score I'll try to buy prey And do the assault ball score And I'll bet you We should work late And look at the lightning That's 56 and that means it's time for the break And I thought, well, actually I'm timing today, you know And we got a couple of good flashes there And by the time we read all the liners And the promos for this week And we'll be time to go home And we'll be in the future And we'll be in the future And we'll be in the future And we'll be in the future And we'll be in the future Why do you pass here? There's a fact that we got What was to say goodbye My comorings The way we're sexualized fans And they love him and friends My comorings His new flick It is full of tricks To your music Because it picks on George W Might become number number one And then when it's done won't be fun But it's always true Because that human theory For stars from John Kerry Michael Moray This feeling wins and I stir His speech will last an hour You can dance And now all thoughts news But like it's been moving to Norway But it's clear His words will be a pain in the memory Michael Moray Back then Number two or five six You'd have to do it if you unhappy Friday too We didn't really have to do any foreplay today You know? Right, that's why I knew it Which is excellent Let's do that every day Have you heard in the robberal note there? Simino See ten forty nine sounds really good Ten fifty two sounds even better Here's a couple of classes we got before we were getting a heavy meat Although sure the egg is still to the fastest for us Got a lot of stuff today If you have it upon and to call today We may have to postpone it till after the election So get a rain check Yeah, we'll send you rain check I'm going to send you rain man Here's one from Kathy that says I go to vote now with excitement Who would anger? Kathy is mad She is pissed up and fired off Huh! Angered that so many people choose to be ignorant To the horrors of the administration This is a tale about the vanities of these people When they're more concerned with stem cell destruction Then with the killing of children in Iraq Who's charred and mutilated bodies are Only shown by people like Michael Moore Where is the public outrage? See this fact is got like all these lines through And I have no idea why it just came out that way Oh, says there are sons and daughters being slaughtered for oil While their brain was to believe they're finding to keep terrorists out of America The reality is that terrorists are living happy and free Under the protection of the Bush administration This administration is damn right scary Why are the masses sitting on their asses as Kathy she said is totally un- You might feel better about this fact Okay, maybe this will cheer up a little bit It says it took me two hours to vote yesterday in Brevard County The line was long primarily because many people were taking up to 20 minutes To fill out the ballot either due to its salinity, a language barrier Or they didn't bother to be a safford ballot Try to arrive and they were unprepared They were unprepared Right? Right? The most important people are to vote to not go on prepared It says it's my understanding that as of Wednesday Only 16,000 voters were able to submit a ballot using the early voting option in Brevard County We use the old bubble sheet process here, you know that that's the one And I would imagine given the combination of similar demographics in safford And touch screen voting that we can anticipate major problems in controversy on two days We didn't 2000 That's the only correct There were no incidents despite Bush supporters There is a rebel yelling anyone who didn't display Bush Cheney, a legion, saw their cars are clothing The good news here is that since there's no privacy in the campfire registration or If this is everyone can see for whom you're voting Interesting, we asked on no one of any age or ethnicity voting for Bush I want to read that sentence again Interesting, we asked on no one of any age or ethnicity voting for Bush This could be resolved in Democrats urging their supporters to vote early while Bush supporters will wait until Tuesday But it may also indicate that people from all walks of life have had it with a time Bush dynasty There appears to be hope for the Republic and the Constitution says whoever this is robber And I still unravers and it wasn't Robert Greeper by the way, we sure that Speaking of Robert though, yes, we had a him to thank for all those funny videos that we got today So thank you, Robert Yeah, we are still in the Indian No, the other Robert, not Robert Greeper Oh that will our Robert, our Robert, our Robert, our Robert Oh, as opposed to Robert Greeper, our Dutch, they don't come no creepier 2037 votes are listed as pool, which campaign issue was most important to you Johnson, economy 546, Iraq 394, civil liberties 303 Religious extremism 259, none of them get it over the already 195 Health, here 97, Homeland Security 95, stem cell research 63, the draft 33, Cuba 23 Israel 15, and abortion only 14 I'm shocked, I guess this is if you don't have any women right? I wish Speaking of women, be deterred today, it's Josephine Van Osdunk What? Careful, you say that, that's your name Josephine Van Osdunk, I don't know how to say these Dutch names, okay? I live there for about five minutes She was born October 6, 1974, and I'm Shedam And Amsterdam, which makes her like, how does that make her? About 30 man, yeah, last time I checked, this barely tells a few weeks Guess what did, haha, haha, haha, haha Guess what the name of her newest movie is that she just completed I have dare not even guess, now it's one word, it's Dunk gay Oh, that's an early movie, gay, gay, gay She also was in Stukuhu humor, I say a bunch of Dutch stuff Who's, go ahead, yeah, I can't read any of them All or she played, I mean, Pen Toponburg Vervideine, I can't read any of this Dutch craft That's one of the many reasons you want to say they're believed to me That's Dutch will be crazy, but all the jays and the zes All that's plenner spitting up tots over letter, oh god Anyway, that's the who we got there, we got the lovely Josephine Van Osdunk Is behind the B.D. Kritten today, and she looks better than her name sounds Not much better, but a little bit, not too much Not at all, it's okay, here's the apple today I don't know, this, I cannot, but you know, this I scratch one thing after I'm already sure I like this, pull a little do okay Other than George W. Bush who is the most dangerous American today You know who we left off? Who? There's so many people left off, well, I'm sure we'll add more How about verse limbo? Okay, I think he's small potatoes compared to some of the others Well, certainly where he certainly would be certainly good in moments Say like Paul Wolfow, right? Well, we're going to put him on a foot to a fat rush you on there We should put phone free down there, too Who? Phone free go Riley Dick Cheney Domin Robbsfeld John Ashcroft Jib Bush Paul Wolfow, it's nice here by the way Paul And Rush Limbaugh That's a list so far we got just six, I'm sure we'll probably get a few more added If it won't be too few calls, that's going to be a problem though Why is that? You know what I mean? There you got a lot of stuff Well, oh, do I have a lot of stuff? We don't even got like 252 minutes left that I'm counting Talk fast, double time Now we got a good couple of calls and we get some warnings on it list Because I don't want to leave anybody out, I say Carson Daily probably ought to be on there What are you laughing about? You'll see WQA, hello Not there WQA and hello Yes sir You proud we're out there on the boat All right, that's good one Right, let's see, I thought we took a couple of calls, we'll get them in next We got a time this thing out today, we're very pressed for time WQA and hello Good morning sir Yes sir About time delayed Oh, good one Yeah And time is so much 1-2-0 on Wednesday, voted at the government center And I voted down there since 96 And I've never seen the number of machines and the number of people down there voting Oh, excellent Most seem to be voting the right way, voting for Kerry No, very left way So, well, hey, I hope Holding the correct way, don't throw away right away That correct way Right So, anyway, you're my guy All right, nice evening Hey, you're my time delay, belongs on your right away, if you need to do this I thought we'd be able to do this before to show that Stern is having up for that first break for us I guess I must have a couple of our log Look for the QAM van today, 436 30 at Stovysubgarz At 117th in Kindle Drive, stop by the Spindle wheel for our low budget prices But enjoy free food, good stuff from Atlantic City subs Tomorrow, Georgia's got a couple of deals tomorrow Join Georgia tomorrow afternoon from noon to two At South Motors in Findy At 16915 South Fixie Highway in Miami Stop by the win prices in Georgia free food again for the Atlantic City subs And from 3 to 5 tomorrow, look for the QAM van at Bill Siddles Boulevard in savings Northwest 36 free, the Sanchez guys will be there Northwest 36 free, just west of 27, we have no stop by for prices And free Atlantic City subs again And once again, little Georgia will be there, the Sanchez guy See, now we got the video, we got the full story on this from the New York Times We hit it on our website, thanks to Lynn Simil's being on the ball We're talking from the Channel 5 in Minneapolis same poll About the actual video, the American troops being there So all of these excuses about those 3080,000 tons of explosives And all of a sudden, I'm also taking them out in the hidden before we got it Guess what? The answer is, now, we have to come up with a better excuse than that Very sad, very weak WQAM hello Yes sir Did you see keys in Los Alamos? Oh, they were debating, oh my god, I must have been looking elephant stepping on me It was great, that a bomb I really liked him He's great, I think he ought to be replaced on it, was a Viracobamal wind by 40 points I think so, but let's just keep like a closet bagger or something His daughter is in fact in her picture, I don't think His mother is his mother is out of the closet Right, his mother is in his speech I thought he was like in the ASD, if he had a chance to be a woman Well, maybe he's got the Gagines in the family, you know? She got her from somebody Yeah I wonder which of the Cheneys has got the Gagines If it's not lit, it must be Then the other was Yeah, anyway, that's bad Although, I wonder what might have had to Cheneys do have a bull-dike daughter named Mary Cheney And Lynn wrote all of those lesbian novels back in 80s that she tries to present she knows nothing about But she of all of them, I mean, they Cheneys the biggest crook in the world There's no question about that But of all of them, she is the most hateful, obnoxious, sou Did you see her all that righteous indignation about her? Or, he's a bad man, he's a bad man, he's a bad man You're following with a bull-dike daughter, who now do you kidn' bitch? She is a snahead Let's see, Rob says, peace explain your opposition to a men-in-three Seems like only the lawyers are against it because they lose money I agree with you all the others Well, that's because men-in-three would like to protect the incompetent doctors Any insurance companies, both of these above, okay? We don't want to protect either one of them If you get like, and nobody, nobody, well, I wouldn't say that because I haven't had really a horrendous experience A couple of really close ones, but you've got a bad doctor, man Doctors again can destroy, they can take away your life You have a bad lawyer unless you're on trial for your life But other men, generally speaking, bad lawyers can cost you some money They can cause you some grief that they're not going to cause you to die Remember that the police all the rights away from you, the patient, and puts it into the hands of the doctor That is correct, companies You should be able to suit them for Zidians, I mean, what's more important than your health, right? Right, except maybe the show Solomon says, this maybe perceived as a frivolous question, but did you happen to borrow the quick you were saying yesterday's eye-resunt From the movie Mystery Man Yeah, you got me I'm gonna say the truth, but I'm gonna say the truth I'm gonna say the truth, but I'm gonna say the truth Okay, fuck you, go George, you're pretty confident you're in a win, huh? I have got a confidence of strategy And what is this confidence of strategy? Remember the judge's coolest government, because he voted for me What? How about your father? He voted 277 times For me, you're kidding That's a fact Reached strategy, but that's not right That is our three interests, unacceptable And no I love it 17 62 votes on the pool Now somebody says they despicably evil Carl Roe, but they don't run their way away Am I your pardon? That's a day man 1734 John Ashcroft 15 Other than Bush than Los Angeles American today Rum spelled six, neighbor three, Bush three, Jen that is Our fan asked governor Paul Wolfowitz won, nice airfall Tom Gale and Russell and Bob and I've probably been going on there Everybody will and also Michael Paul, and somebody faces in says Don't forget about Michael Paul because you can't say crap Well guess what? How do you like that? Take that Michael Paul And another one, one right Yeah, just to be sure Right, who's voice that I think? Okay, by the way Have you heard who's voice is that same crap? Why you asking? Why? I don't know, isn't it jab? No. No, no, no, no. See you understand. Maybe that preceded that predated you. No, it certainly didn't because it was back when Randy and Adam were working together. Right. And so she had things that she was sticking to that she didn't want other people to use And other shows. So they would put it in there under some innocuous thing So yeah, it was under Jim Bush. I'd say. That's why it says Jim Bush, although you notice it has a definite relationship. There's Bill Nelson. I'm not an author. And I'm going to tell you what's in. So if you think about Jim Bush, think about Pan-esque governor and crap, same difference. Okay, anyway, let's take those names on. And other, I don't want to waste any time on this because I'm going to get into the meat here in a second. I've given him a little chance. Or he's not a fax from Peggy. She says, my son Philip is in a hospital today. His high point is that he'll be able to listen to you with his walk man. Please could you play? Put the lotion in the basket before me would love it. Well, right now I'll just play the clip and it will turn the whole bit. How's that? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay, get that a clip. And it says, thank you very much. Love your Peggy. Yeah. Okay, we'll get to that. Don't let me forget now. In your hand. Motion. Okay, here very quickly. We have nothing to say about this because it speaks to itself. Facts do his channel television host Bill Arale and Andrea McRis. It was a producer of his talk. She would have agreed to settle their legal dispute over her allegations of sexual harassment. Arale says, I'm sorry. And I'm not here today. And they can't say nothing more. And they agreed to that. They did. They did. They paid her off and it's the investment. Right? Right. Right. Okay. Now let's get to the important stuff. Because we got bigger fish to fry than Bill Arale. Anybody was interested. Bill Arale is important as that'll be a simple thing. Just a big, toughest, vague of lies is basically what he is. All spin all the time. Out of put him in the dryer. Video shows, GIs, it al-Kai, Al-Kakah, weapon catch. I just loved the way people are pronouncing that. Don't you? They just go back and forth like, oh yeah. And they're trying to avoid saying, ah, Kaka. Yeah, they're trying to avoid saying that. But they just can't stop saying it. I mean, who is probably every reporter is reading to say Kaka on TV, you know? Anyway, here's the real story. And maybe they even knew that these videos existed. A video tate made by a television crew with American troops when they opened bunkers that are sprawling your recommendations complex out the bag. That shows a huge supply of explosives still there. Today's after the follow-sautomus fame apparently including some sealed earlier by the IAEA, the international atomic energy agency. The tape which is broadcast on Wednesday night by the ABC affiliate Minneapolis, a pernick confirmed a warning given earlier this month of the agency by Iraqi officials, who said that hundreds of tons of high-grade explosives far from up to bring down buildings or detonate nuclear weapons had vanished from the site after the invasion of Iraq. The question of whether the material was removed by Mr. Hussein's forces in the days before the invasion or looted later because it was unguarded has become a heated dispute on the campaign trail, was said to join Karray using Bush and incompetence and both saying it's unclear when the material disappeared and rejectting what he called Mr. Karray's wild charges. Well, that's expressed familiar with the work of the international inspectors in a match set of videotape appears identical to photographs that the inspectors took at the explosives, which were put under seal before the war. One frame shows what the experts say is a seal with narrow wires that would have to be broken if anyone entered through the main door of the bunker. The agency said that when the letter back in mid-Marchally days before the war began, the only buck is verbing at seals at the Eucarplice contained the explosive known as HMX, which the agency had monitored because it could be used in a nuclear weapons program. It is not clear the program had ground to a halt. When New York Times and CBS reported on Monday that Iraqi officials had told the agency earlier this month that the explosives were missing and that they were looted after April 9, 2003 today bagged head fell. Last night, the Pentagon released a satellite image of the complex taken just two days after the inspectors left showing a few trucks parked in front of some bunkers. It isn't clear they are the bunkers with the high explosives. All were trying to demonstrate is that after the IAEA left and that the place was under Sodom's control there was activities that Lawrence de Rita, the Pentagon spoke me, at which one he is, he's that tall liar. Oh, when it was always sitting behind Rumbstork, I say. It's not clear from the photo what activity if any was under way. On Thursday, a top Iraqi official said the interim government spoke and the witnesses who said the material was still at Al-Kaka at the time bagged head fell. The video taken by KSTTV and ABC affiliate Minneapolis, she was troops breaking into a bunker and opening boxes of examining barrels. Many of the containers are marked explosive. One box is marked Al-Kaka state established mid-affirming a shipping label for a manufacturer. The ABC crew said the video was taken April 18. April 18, the time use critical to the debate in the presidential campaign by the Pentagon's own account units of the 101st Airborne Division winner Al-Kaka for what Mr. Dereena said was two to three weeks starting April 10. Then they hit the north of Baghdad and the site apparently was left unguarded by the time special weapon seems returned to Al-Kaka and May, explosives were apparently gone. How do you like that? You many efforts tell to the crew was with an army unit that was camp near Al-Kaka. Members of the crew said the reporter in camera ran said that although they were not told specifically that they were being taken to Al-Kaka by the military, their video tape matches pictures of the site taken by UN weapons inspectors according weapons experts. One weapon experts said the video tape in some of the agencies photos of the ATMX.piles were such good matches and looked like they were taken by the same camera on the same bay. How do you like that? This doesn't mention about the soldiers lighting a match to try to see it about how they got seen and are clothing got burned, said it went so on. Anyway, now, because we have to hurry because I could read the whole thing but it will be on our website from New York Times. A militant Islamist group today claimed to be in possession of a large portion of the explosives that went missing from a munitions depot facility in Iraq. That's sweet. What do they want with them? They got them. The group calling itself Al-Azlam's army brigades made the claim on a video broadcast today and more that it will use the explosives at 4 troops in Iraqis cities. It's video statement said he wrote a motion had been managed by the grace of God and by coordinating with the number of the officers and the soldiers of the American intelligence to obtain a very huge amount of the explosives that went out to the office facility which was out of the protected American forces. Had they like that and done Francesca on a west coast? Hold her lying. The video was obtained by the AP but the group's thing could not be independently verified. The speaker of the video was surrounded by a massed armmen standing in front of a black banner with a group's name on it. He said we promised God and Iraqi people that will use the occupation forces and also cooperate with them in the event of these forces to threaten any Iraqi city. Nearly 400 times while we know about that. We know all about that deal. So there you go. They got them. So all of these denials. I want you to keep one thing in mind. The dissemination and this president never admit to mistakes. The reason I want to keep that very much in a footier mind is that when I get to that article which I told you about before, the name of which which one is it? I don't know. Oh God. Well I got I got such a pile here. Maybe we might have to stay on some midnight. Kaka. Right. Oh yeah. In 1999 I'll get to this little later. In 1999 and this is by Russ Baker. Very well known columnist. Candidate Bush spoke of wanting to invade Iraq if elected and these comments are for a ghost writer. He was a ghost writing a book about Bush but then curing he was in like a lot of things in here and they finally fired his ass and they decided to write themselves. Too much honesty in it. But there's a line in there. In fact I think I'll read that line now and again later when I read the article. If anybody who might miss it or can't read the article is very long, it's fondress but I'll get to it and I will read the whole thing. Anyway, her school would say, he told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake. And I said, there was one of the keys to being a leader. Corned George W. Bush. If he never admit to being a mistake. I think it may not be good but at least he's consistent. Don't forget one thing. What's that? It puts the lotion in the basket. That's what I heard. 26 past 11 and 5, 60 WQM right now like to tell you about our friends over guaranteed mortgage bankers in year field beach with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to qualify to buy his own home in a many years. Not only were they able to qualify, and they were able to present him three options before 666. What you're looking for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate. I want to say many low rate adjustable mortgages guarantee mortgage bankers in year field beach has exactly what you need. The offer payments is low as 332 bus per week. 100 grand you borrow. And guarantee mortgage bankers in year field beach will make your mortgage happen and they'll also send you out of cruise. That's right. If you're closing your loan with these folks, guarantee mortgage bankers in year field beach, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven i. Cruise's compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. Column right now toll free 1 800 7346616. What you want to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage. Call i toll free number or you can look up more about them on the web at guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com. You'll be treated just like family by guaranteed mortgage bankers in year field beach. Call them today toll free. There's absolutely no obligation. 1 800 7346616. You're the central wheel Roger. On 5666 This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm reducing the financial operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some little section. And there's wondering if you're going to tell me talk. And the implementation has met a professor. All of these things. There's wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you be breast and parcel? I can't be done. The notion in the basket. How much? 5000. I like that my skin research is too. I have the lens. Stop crying. Mommy. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the notion in the basket. I'd like to get the liporsection that I saw to you. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. I can actually we can tell you that won't see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? If you'd like to. It works the notion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. My name is Barbara O'Bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. My name is Barbara O'Bill. Let's the notion in the basket. I understand. It works the notion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation fee? It works the notion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make it a appointment? You want to call me back. It works the notion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the presentation. No. It works the notion in the basket. I understand that. It works the notion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the notion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works the notion in the basket. No. Here's what I'm carrying. I only got that bitch talking to you. I don't know. I don't know less. And that's just the broad. Where's the bright? At home. George Moche looks like a lot of jobs. Falling wages. And rising costs. And he tells struggling little class families that everything is just fine. Well, that's because for the powerful and well-connected friends. He spent the last four years fighting for. It really is the best economy in the lifetime. And now he's asking you to give him another four years so that he can keep giving those friends the same old special treat. But they've gotten to the last four years. Well, that does not have to be our future. That may be George Bush's record. But it doesn't have to be America's future. And if we do our work, it won't be. Anyway, here's the original article from Channel 5 in Minneapolis, same call. About the weapons. I just wanted to get to that part about the lighting the. Well, I just want to read the whole. Okay. 5 I went into News Exclusive footage for you to light new questions about on Darden explosives in a rack. It goes down about Al-Qaqqan on April 2003 visit. Our crews, but the soldiers using bold cutters to get into bunkers inside they find many containers marked their explosives. At least one set of crates carried the name Al-Qaqqa status damagement. An literary personnel told 5 I went into News that the area visited was secured by an outside perimeter. Our crews said the area felt more like no man's land. At one point there was a group of Iraqis driving around in a pickup truck. Said former fire out when his news reporter Dean Staley, we were worried they might come near us. Photosurnal is Joe Canffey, recalls singer, Iraqis watching them as they went through the bunkers. As his crew and the troops from the hundred first depart to each bunker, they left them open. It didn't appear that this was being secured in any way. Said photojournal is Joe Canffey. It was several miles away from our military. People were staying in their tents. Carfey also recalls overhearing a military briefing after curious soldiers had encountered another bunker. Apparently two soldiers had gone into these bunkers with a match for a light, and the fumes are powder whatever was exploded in Burger Closoth he said. Shortly thereafter everyone was told to stay away from these bunkers. Another bunker encountered by the hundred first airborne and a five-eye witness news crew, with locked wood chains and a seal left by inspectors from the IAEA. According to the IAEA, the C-O-Marked of the facility suspected of holding dual purpose materials that could be used to produce nuclear weapons. They like that. They gave their pride themselves in it. I don't like the match in the middle of all our supplies of cramps. Are you kids out there? Next time you go and see a whole bunch of explosive. Don't be like the match to see where you go and just run the other way like hell. Now more bad news, why this stuff is all mounting like crazy to last you there's nothing could be me happy. You know what I said I'd be really good result on Tuesday. But for the time being, and Chris Matthews you were an idiot baby. Man you talk about a lot of it. You couldn't believe the sounds he was making last night. I've never seen anybody in my life laugh a lot. This Matthews and MSNBC, my water nobody watches that cramped. The FBI's big uninvestigating whether the Pentagon and properly awarded no big contracts to Haliburton, Haliburton, no less, seeking an interview with top army contracting officer and collecting documents from several government orifices. The line of inquiry expands in earlier FBI investigation into whether Haliburton overcharge taxpayers for fuel and Iraq, and it elevates to a criminal matter. The election year questioned whether the Bush administration so it favorises in the vice president Dick Taney's former company that's the same vice president Dick Taney that's got that bull-dike daughter married by the way. Oh yeah. Tees for a gay. FBI's in case we saw a permission to interview Buna Buna teen greenhouse better known as Buna. In fact, we had that story on Wednesday, I do believe I was talking about old Buna. To interview Buna teen greenhouse, the Army Corps of Engineer Chief contracting officer who went publicized weekend with allegations that are agency unfairly awarded KBR, Kellogg Brown and Baby Root, and Haliburton subsidiary, no big contracts worth billions of dollars were working Iraq according to documents obtained by the A&T. Asked about the documents, Greenhouse and his attorney said yesterday their client will cooperate, but that you want some whistleblower protection from the Pentagon retaliation. In fact, he said, no, where she would like to stay alive as opposed to the alternative, is what she's trying to say. I think the FBI interview request on this course the seriousness of the misconduct and also demonstrates how courageous Ms. Weehouse was for stepping forward says Steven Cohen, one of her attorneys. The initiation of an FBI investigation by awarding to Kellogg Brown and Root a subsidiary of Haliburton, a five-year contract, when even emergency rules, call for only one year deals. Why put a five-year contingency on it if it's got to be from telling emergency said Cohen, there was no reason to blame emergency would last more than a year. CBS News correspondent White Andrews reports Greenhouse also charted is that KBR negotiators in properly stayed in the room while government officials discussed that he liked conflict. He says, with usual practice of excluding contractors and prepare cost estimates. And when Greenhouse continued to fight the no-bid conface, Cohen says, the Army threatened her job. FBI agents also recently began collecting documents from Army officers and Texas and elsewhere to examine how and why Haliburton got the no-bid work. Well, we own all the answer, one of the first words that's NFL, huh? I mean, what a silly question. It might just have had something to do with the connections between its former headhunter and current vice president and the father bull by daughter Dick Cheney, along with his anxious wife, Lynn. That might just have had something to do with it. Now, we want to talk about those absentee ballots and the fact that they're re-weaning again, if you're able to be 10,000 man, you'll never see such incompetence as you see in Florida. It's just unbelievable is what it is. On, Stanley, you would have thought with the crap that we went through four years ago that air retey would have been crossed. Airbie, I would have been dotted. There wouldn't have been a chance for even a slightest bit of impropriety of missing ballots and anything. You would have thought that airbie, and of course with myriol, elephant having her fat ass kicked out of there. You would have thought that Brenda Stubbs and her relatives in there would have had this thing. And Teresa LaPore also impomved. You see, when you keep putting incompetent people in charge, you guys what happens. They keep screwing up. What a surprise. Sure, this is a new little piece of Rogers. It's exclusively on my 16 year old man. Rogers God. I can't find the full shot. Everywhere I go to doctor's system, can't give what to me. My legs are grey, and the ears are red. What the same thing here I come, and then... I can't find the full shot. Londoner is some little boober, has it foreseller any day? I wish I had as much old as it had been helped me if I get up old. I'm dreaming, lots of things with what's to my ears and trying, what to see help me? I'm taking my thousand milligrams of fight-off in six. I bought a hundred tens of junkies, it didn't suit to help me to stay alive. At this rate, I'll be dead in three days long and most. I'm dying out of here. You see what's just pleasing all over the place? I'm so happy to be here. I'm 30 years old. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I need a pen. A lot of people need it, they're not going to get it. I'm so happy to be here. I need my full shot. I need a pen. I need a no-miserati. I'll give you five thousand dollars for a flu-shap. I think you drip your nose out of your bum all the time. I'm getting tired of that show. I can't find the flu-shap. Only half is not I better make sure my world's up to date. But I'm so happy to be here. It's too late and I might want to end up in a world of craigs. I can't find the flu-shap. But there is some little fool who has it for sale on eBay. I wish I had as all the souls you have been helped me get a cold. I'm dying on the air. Lump 47-30-0 is five sixty-w-2m. Here's the pool so far other than G.W. Who is the most dangerous American today? 220 votes, did Cheney 104 and other can touch Dick? John Ashcro 55, Carl Roe of 20, Donald Rumsfeld 16, Michael Tall and Nine, Paul Wolfowitz 7, Tom Delay 5, Ralph Nader 4, Wreslinball 4 and Jeff, the fan asked for what to go for. As that's the same Dick Cheney that's the vice president and got it bulled I got it? That's the one. He's the evil doer. I don't want to overdo it on the weapons, but there's one more story I would like to read a little part of here and I'll do it on the weapons. Vast amounts of weapons related material are missing. Not just the ones that we've been talking about here from Kakka. More than 320 tons of missing Iraqi high explosives at Senator stage in US presidential election are only a fraction of the weapons related material that's disappeared in the Red Monitoring and Verification Commission on the UN's weapons inspection agency. The CIA has convened a many task force of experts to assess precisely what equipment is gone and what Threader could pose that has fell in the wrong hands said to US officials in a new disclosure, the senior US military officer and another US official also spoke on condition of not being identified because of the sensitivity of the matter. Said that Iraqi working for US intelligence alert to US troops station nearly out Kakka weapons facility that the installation was being loaded shortly after the fall of Baghdad April 9, 2003 shortly after the fall of Baghdad. But they said the troops of no apparent action to halt the pillaging that was one of numerous times when Iraqis warned us that ammo dumps, another place were being loaded and we weren't able to respond because we didn't have anyone to send. Said a senior US military officer was served in Iraq. I'm going to read that last sentence again. Paul Bremer says we didn't have enough troops on the ground, the general told him 140,000 troops will never cut it. You can't do the job. And there's your president again in a secretary of defense. That was one of numerous times when Iraqis warned us that ammo dumps and other places were being loaded and we weren't able to respond because we didn't have anyone to have a senior US military officer who served in Iraq. And what irony is that Americans and others are being killed or being slaughtered being butchered with material that we could have confiscated or let the very least secure it. Now adding compounding the series of gas at the last 40 years, I wasn't seems to be continuing through the weekend. I don't see any. It's like a little hole in the Titanic that's just a good and bigger and bigger. They've sprung a gigantic leak. Rudy Giuliani did a really one hell of a job for John Kerry that is. He's done for president pushing New Hampshire on Thursday but the former New York mayor wilds and residents even before getting there. And in the morning to the appearance, Giuliani criticized Democrats John Kerry for blaming president Bush for the disappearance of hundreds of tons of explosives in Iraq no matter how you try to blame it on the president, the actual responsibility really would be for the troops that were there. Did they search carefully enough? Didn't they search carefully enough? He said on NBC today's show. That rank of Eleanor Kalman of Henaker and Air Force veteran who sung Kurt as an army reservist in the Middle East. That was such a demoralizing destructive statement for Rudy Giuliani to make, once again, the troops escaped goes for the administration's favors he said at a democratic protest before a fight of parents by Giuliani and Bedford. As Kalman was speaking, actually, any was at a GOP event in Giofford, there he said and blaming Bush for the missing explosives, Kerry himself was implicitly blaming the troops, which is exactly what Giuliani said on today yesterday morning. Giuliani said the country must continue on the offensive against terrorists and stop them before they kill more of us. Oh, water. See, this one really caught him with their pantalomies down around her ankles. You got it? Got it. Because they can't, and of course the president, they asked him 80s in times if he would take the blame for it. He still won't say it. He still beats all around the bush and when he asked him some of his henchmen on there who keep appearing on these talking at shows, but I mean, but I'm about to eat, he just won't take the blame for it. And then he started to talk about Clinton, the dissimpletten, and do that. Well, is that an answer to the question? No, I'm not. And it goes back to that sentence again and it's true that I'll get to assume in time. First of all, would say, Bush told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake that was one of the keys to being a leader. Stubborn, always right, never make mistakes, always the buck stops any place but here. That's his motto. Now, getting these damn ballots. Well, what a freaking mess. It is just un-bealingable. Before it's being ballot. I think you're pardon? I'm going to ask you something that you might not want to read because of the headline, like I didn't want to, but you should. So I'm going to ask you. Saying what? But what? It's a editorial about written by a pro-life person that you should read it. Okay. The same day post-the-leficials publicly denied responsibility for 58,000 missing absentee ballots. We're talking of course about. And in turn, an email said by the South Florida District Manager was employees expressed concern that his staff was not handling ballots within the region properly. Oh, my freaking. Oh, my God. God. In the memorandum said October 26, Bush Parker also told his employees that staff seen unaware of the procedures that should be taken when handling ballots. As of today, we have supervisors and employees that state they've never been made aware of the procedures to be used Parker wrote to his employees. We continue to find absentee ballots mixed in with other classes of mail. The emails stated that absentee ballots within proper post-itset are in post-the facilities instead of being returned to their sender. Although the ballots soon began trickling into elections officials, countless other voters continue to complain that they did not receive the ballots they requested or that they arrived weeks after requesting them. Post-the officials downplayed the email on Thursday saying Parker merely meant to stress proper procedure. It was an effort to make sure that everybody's pointing the finger we didn't do it. The dog done it. That's it. The dog did it. It was the dog. That's how I leave it. We have employees that we assigned to handle the absentee ballots that come in and ignore or vice-spot someone for the post-the services software that it's considered. So all the absentee ballots that are received by the Post-the Service are processed and delivered immediately. This way, proud officials as we know scrambled to solve the problem, are we sending the ballots to voters who hadn't received them? They reiterated however that nothing on air in was to blame. Whatever we did was standard procedure by our supervisor of elections, Brenda Snack said Wednesday, I'm very concerned but I can't control the post-theorifice. Oh God. And it's only a Friday. What do you worry about? You're wasting time until two days. Right? What's a few thousand votes anyway? Exactly. What would be close? So I got this thing from the Heralday. You said we would tell you if you had just read it through the break. I'll read through the break. I'm sure you must be sensational. Let's figure that impressed. It's really not easily impressed. Oh, it's a surprise. Now speaking of Teresa LaPore, that bitch in the stand that. Just one of those things. A matter of strong complaints, a strong of complaints about an absence of absentee ballots, Palm Beach County supervisor of elections, the anxious, obnoxious bitch Teresa LaPore, agreed Thursday to rush into some voters by overnight mail. You go Teresa. Far away and don't come back. LaPore said she would expedite absentee ballots on a case by case basis. You're a case all right. The local voters were out of a county. Starting today. Meaning today, Friday, voters can also send relatives or other representatives to pick up absentee ballots as state law allows within four days of the election. Absentee voting has become a crucible of the anxiety and anguish surrounding the presidential election. The biggest instance of 2000 contest, but the process of voting under a political microscope among other changes in slight voter drop to requirement for voters to side of reason for voting absentee, was both of a Republican Democratic Party's encouraging members to vote early. And on present-ed number of voters, a vast, perhaps, in the battle of this year, the force says her office already has mailed almost 115,000 compared to about 55,000 for years ago. How do you like that? You just wait to use your deck turnout on Tuesday. Turned by with what they've already had. In other words, the total voter turnout. And it's not because people are happy. You're listening to Neil Rodgers' exclusive on Friday. All done. Just a tiny collector elect likely to be very magul and massage my balls while listening to the new writers for the one that I'm keeping. In videos toers now, the explosive Fahrenheit 711. What are you doing here? I want being a button gel. And just a day there, they're broken. I'm sorry. I'm not speaking there. But I am shocked. I am shocked. These are the signatures. I'm shocked. I'm shocked. I'm a blue pastor. Fahrenheit 711. I want your Daniel back. I'm going to see for convenience. Come on. 1560WQM Crawl Road. This fellow with a K by the way. In the car lettuce. Okay. Well, making have air changes. Well, we want to look more stupid than we already do. Okay. Crawl with a K. Okay. Brow elections office activates absentee ballot online. I just want to pass this long case in. But after his mad is held and getting sick and tired. I get in jerked around. The Brow County supervisor election yesterday morning activated and emergency telephone number. The service who request an absentee ballot but don't have it yet. 954. 831.4000. You got it? Got it. Write it down your wrist. 954. 831.4000. The hotline is open 9AM through 5PM. Now let's see. Today and tomorrow doesn't say anything beyond that. Absentee ballots that are mailed must be received more later than 7PM on Tuesday. Election Day to be counted. voters may bring the absentee ballot to any branch offices early voting sites by 6PM on Monday to number one. No general voting questions will be answered on the absentee ballot hotline. The elections office exists voters needing general information go to the online to Browardsoe.org. What does that look like? Supervisor of elections I guess? Okay. Browardsoe.org or call 954 357761.4. 954 357.7061. I'll stick that in my pile. Interesting thing. Yesterday the talking heads on CNN MSNBC and the Bush people are making a big deal on Kurt showing the red sox. He learned doors. Boys. I heard a bit of him. Kurt showing what happens to be a board again religious nut. I just mentioned that in passing. So this idea that there was something really revelatory about a member of the World Champion Red Sox. I think he's campaigning with his blood good. Good. Good. Good. He says can you wear Michael more to your list that way I can vote on your poll question. What does that mean? Your biggest fan Anthony. Michael more on his show. We're not putting him on there. He's not dangerous. He's a terrorist. He's one of the few hopes that we got. Look for the QM fan that a 430 to 630 at Stoeseigars. Careful when you light up. At 117th in candle rise. Stop by the Spindleel for prize and your free food and the Milani city's have been George's got a double headed tomorrow. Join George noon to two of South Motors infinity at 16915. South Dexie Highway and Miami. Stop by to win some moody and bursting low budget prizes and enjoy again free food from the Milani city's subs. And then 3-5 look for the QM fan to build titles. But about a savings. George will be there in northwest 30-60. Just towards 27th out of more crappy prizes and more delicious sandwiches from Elani city's subs. I would be surprised to be of some of the same. The chozery stuff. By it all three appearances. Wouldn't doubt it. Today and tomorrow. Just to get to free food. Over by night. You know, I hate to do this because it takes me back to the day back in the day when I was doing like no calls at all. We took a couple of calls early, right? Right? They were great. But I have no time. I'm sorry. We only have an hour and 56 minutes left. I'm counting. And as a result, I've got just too much important stuff here. We could take like one real quick one. Like WQA and hello. Okay. Okay. Like I said, we don't have time. You. That was great. Perfect. Yes. If he's staying in the get they call please. Overwhelming numbers of barricade immigrants have turned out to vote early in the next week's election. What analysts say could be a bad sign for president pushes chances to win a state of Florida says the Sun sent all today. Senator Curie's campaign is pressed hard to get voters to the polls early in Browards Democratic strongholds knowing it must run up huge numbers here to offset Republican or is it more than a central Florida. As of yesterday morning more than twice as many Democrats as Republicans and you're voting that early voting sites are returned absentee ballots in Broward. I do like that. They suggested that Curie get out to vote drivers raising the stakes for local officials to fix problems that threaten to dampen the turnout. Well we know about those absentee ballots. It's just anyway. This makes it an extremely competitive situation the states had met Caesar, chairman of Broward County Democratic Party. We're on target for where we hopefully would be. People are so upset and distraught by the last four years of this president. They want to exercise their constitutional right to vote as soon as possible. In addition to which I'm sure there were a lot of people pissed up and fired off about to affect a Florida with stolen from us last time, right in broad daylight. Even just in Jacksonville anybody knows, with a thousand, what was it? Twelve or 16,000 votes that were not counted in Jacksonville, black voters this in franchise. And supposedly Bush won by 537, thanks to your fat ass cook governor and his girlfriend Katherine Harris and now we got this glenda in the hood. Oh brother where did they find the I think they must have a cloning factory. And I was supposed to be against cloning. I think their stamp of these bachelors out. Don't you? Pre-alction downloading has long been a bull to leave Republican Party to counter that this year Democratic campaign spread. It's just targeted key bases among minority, senior citizen, and union groups. Carrie Bushner served as repeatedly a comm to soft thought over the past two weeks at the top early voting and we saw Carrie was in Orlando only moments ago. He's going all over the state today. The Democrats' biggest success has been getting their base to cast balance at the 14 early voting centers since they opened October 18. Although Democrats account for half of our registered voters in the county to compromise the more than 60% of the 95,000 people who voted early. Democrats are also outpouring Republicans in absentee battling by marches of more in line with registration. More than 29,000 registered Democrats have been able to absentee ballot so far compared to 20,000 Republicans. Florida Republican Party adviser Mindy Tucker Flutter did not downplay the numbers saying it was also a surprise that Democrats are doing so well in a really voting and proud. It's a Democrat callee she said the question is how many are legal votes. They were not going to have to challenge to make sure that they won't be counted. Jim Kane, a bipartisan local, full-streamed editor of the Florida voter newsletter, sees the trend isn't early indicator that Carrie is on track to get the numbers he needs out of Broward. In 2000 Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore carried Broward by 210,000 vote margin, only to lose the state as we know allegedly by 537. Republicans are getting their buscates on getting the health care and the health care care and say that Democrats are doing a much better job and that doesn't vote well for Bush on election day. As many as a quarter of the county's million registered voters were likely to be left by the case ballot before Tuesday based on current trends, the lessons officials are scrambling to deal with the question voters that threatened to turn the vote into another fiasco as we know. I call a friend of you, Groverl. He's on top of the right. Oh yes. He is. Well, I want to say it. Now. Yeah, don't. Maybe we ought to do the break. Yeah. This is a long article. I'm better read the whole thing by Russ Baker. Okay. No, not. Okay. She involved in this. Just this one time. Okay. Carl with a kick. This. He told me that as a leader you can never admit to a mistake. The trial. Yeah. I don't have a lead. In no time. In line, in this article in 1999, on our website, you ought to read it. You ought to like make copies of it and send it everybody you know. Anybody who believes that there's your right thing was based on a rack really being a threat. On Sodom being a threat, you're connected with Alcada. Any of these dumbbells out there who still believe they had something to do with 9-11, which any even a child knows that they didn't. Even the little kids in that classroom and several sort of that bush was really my pet go to know that Sodom had nothing to do with 9-11. As you sat there a minute after minute. That's one of the great moments. But the way that video is up on the site now that one commercial. Oh, and after one more bush is sold enough to finger and send the app word. Oh no, that one's coming up to the other one, the campaign one. What campaign was? The how to run a Republican campaign when you don't have a good record. Oh. Anyway, the headline in this article in 1999, can't have a book of wanting to invade Iraq if elected by Russ Baker. So we'll do the break and we'll read the whole thing. If you know like reading the Russia's on right now, you can listen to him, pontificate, and pop a couple of pills or if you can always hear Alfrey again. And this is your assumption. Really, you're watching this. And this is your assumption. That's the same thing again. But that's... I suppose that was a perfect project day. And two months of rise, this custom change. We met those soldiers in the native and only. And she did the blame. You said, oh, who saved me? I got that. We're up to fighting, right? They have that, right? They're not the ones for us, either. They can't. We'll still wait for them to look at us. But I like that. We're working fine, I like that. That's just a small purpose of having a bunch of out-time spirits. We're doing a good morning, but we're not going to be ready. We're going to be ready for the problems. So only just because we're going to play the energy we eat and I love their talking. We've been seeing this and they are kids to the star. And between the works, students and sports they start. And if that's the difference, what's the difference? They may be your choice, but Jesus Christ, right? We're up to fighting, I like that. They're not the ones for the time. They've got that. What's going on with this one? We're up to fighting, I like that. We're up to fighting, I like that. For a child, one can do it with so many main patients. We have a star worth. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. It's hard work. I see on TV screens, I'm already there. Yeah, I'm not tired. 15 and 5 and 60 WCM Rust Baker writes in 1989, Canada, a Bush spoke of wanting to invade Iraq if elected. Houston. Two years before the 9 level of sex, President Joe Kennedy George W. Bush was already talking privately about the political benefits of attacking Iraq. According to his former Ghost writer, who wrote many conversations with then-texts governor Bush in preparation for a plant autobiography. He was thinking about invading Iraq in 1999, said author and journalist Mickey Hurskowitz, it was on his mind. He said to me, one of the keys to being seen as a great leader is to be seen as a commander and chief. And he said, my father had all this political capital built up, but he drove the Iraq he's out of Kuwait and he wasted it. He said, if I have a chance to invade, if I had that much capital, I'm not going to waste it. I'm going to get everything past that I want to get past, and I'm going to have a successful presidency. First, who would say that Bush expressed frustration at a lifetime as an under-reachever in the shadow of an accomplished father. In aggressive military, actually saw the opportunity to emerge from his father's shadow, the moment her school would said came in the wake of the 9 level of tax, suddenly he's at 91% of the polls and he'd barely called out of the bunker. That president Bush and his vizers had Iraq under mines long before weapons inspectors had finished their work, and long before alleged Iraqi ties with terrorists became a rational for war, and has been raised elsewhere, including in a book based on our recollections of former Treasury Secretary-Pall O'Neill. However, her school was in a unique position here, Bush's unguarded, unfelted views on Iraq, war, and other matters, well before it became president. In 1999, her school struck a deal with a campaign of George W. Bush about a ghost-written autobiography which was ultimately titled, a charge to keep my journey to the White House, and he and Bush signed a contract in which the two was built to proceeds, the publisher was William Morrell. Her school which was given unimpleed and accessed abortion in two met approximately 20 times, so Bush had sure his thoughts. First, Bush began working on the book of May in 1999, and says that within two months he had completed submitted some 10 chapters, but they were mainly 4-6 chapters still in his computer. Her school which was replaced as Bush's ghost writer after Bush's hand-less concluded that the candidates used life experiences were not been cast in a sufficiently positive light. According to her school, it was often more than 30 books many of them were currently written on a biography of famous Americans in politics, sports and media, including that of Reagan and Vice-Ammacled Beaver. Bushness advisors resumed on the idea that it was difficult for a present to accomplish an electoral agenda without the record-high approval numbers that accompanied successful if modest wars. The revelations on Bush's attitude toward a wacky merge recently during two-state interviews of Bush's, which included the discussion of a variety of matters, including his continued closeness with the Bush family, indicated by his subsequent selection of the revised biography of Bush's grandfather, written in public last year with the assistance and blessing of the Bush family. First, which also revealed the following. In 2003, Bush's father indicated the him that he disagreed with the sons invasion of Iraq. Bush admitted that he failed to fulfill his Vietnam era domestic national guard service obligation acclaimed that he had been excused. Bush revealed that after he left his Texas National Guard unit in 1972 under murky circumstances, he never piloted a plane again. That cast doubts on the carefully choreographed moment of Bush emerging in pilot's guard from a jet on the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln in 2003 to celebrate mission accomplished in Iraq. The image instantly telegraphed around the world in subsequent easy-what-how statements of out-is-capacity and a cockpit, creatively impressed that a heroic Bush had played a role in landing the craft. Bush described his own business ventures as floundering before campaign officials insisted on recasting them in a positive light. Throughout the interviews for this article and in subsequent conversations, first school was indicated he was conflicted over revealing information provided by a family with which he is long-time connections and by how his candor could comfort a comfort with the undefined operating principles of the as told to genre. Well, after the interviews which he expressed confirmation that Bush's true views experience in basic essence had alluded to the American people, her school is communicated growing concerned about the consequences for himself of the publication of his remarks and said they be not in the impression he would not be quoted by name. However, when conversations began, it was made clear-day in that the material was intended for publication and attribution of tape recorder was present in visible at all times. Several people who know her school was well, addressed his character and the velocity of his recollections. I don't know anybody that's ever said a bad word about Mickey said very silverman, a well-known Houston executive and civic figure who worked with him on another book project. And in a formal survey of Texas journalists turned up uniform confidence that her school widths as a count as contained in this article could be considered accurate. One noted Texas journalist who spoke with his school was about the book in 1999, because how the author mentioned him at the time that Bush had revealed things that campaigned found embarrassing and didn't want in print. He requested an anonymity because of the political famine in the state, I can't go near this he said. According to her school with George W. Bush's beliefs on a rat were based in part on a notion dating back to the Reagan White House, a scribe in part to now by his president Dick Taney, Chairman of the House Republican policy committee under Reagan. Start a small war, picture comfy where there's justification you can jump on, go ahead and invade. Bush's circle of pre-elections advisors had a fixed and a political capital of British Prime Minister Margaret Patrick elected from the Falcons war. Said her school was, they were just absolutely blown away just in trouble by the scenes of the troops coming back of the both people throwing flowers at that year and her getting the standing obeisings in parliament making these magnificent speeches. Republicans, her school would said, felt that Jimmy Curtis political downfall could be attributed largely to a stated a wage a war. He noted that President Reagan and President Bush's father himself had besides the narrowly focused Gulf War one successfully wades limited wars against Taney opponents when they didn't pan among game politically. But there were successful small wars and there were pragmires and apparently George Herbert Walker Bush and his son did not see eye to eye. I know Bush senior would not admit this now but he was opposed to it. I asked him if he had talked to W. Biden vating Iraq, he said, no I haven't and I won't but Brent Skowcroft has. Great would not have talked to him without the old man's OK. Skowcroft National Security Advisor in the Elder Bush's administration penned a highly publicized warning to George W. Bush about the perils of an invasion in Iraq. First squirts his revelations are not the sole indicator of Bush's pre-election thinking on Iraq and December 1999 some six months after his talks with her squirts, Bush had prized veteran political chroniclers including the Boston-Glose David Nye Han with his blood for months and pronouncements about Sodom at a six-way new-anchor permaier event I got a little notice. It was a gas-free evening for the rookie front runner till he was asked about Sodom's weapon stash road Nye Han. I take him out Bush grin cabbably, take out the weapons of a mass destruction on surprise he still there is head Bush of the destiny who reigned in power after losing Gulf War to Bush doing his father. It remains to be seen that that offhand declaration of war would just text his top a sort of locker room brakadosio or whether Bush's first big war. The notion that President Bush held unrealistic deny of views about the consequences of war was further advanced recently by a Bush supporter the evangelist Pat Robertson who revealed that Bush had told in the Iraq invasion would yield no casualties. In addition, in recent days, high-ranking U.S. military officials have complained that the White House did not provide them with etiquette resources for the task of hand. First who was considered himself a friend of the Bush family has been agestate family vacation home in Tena Bunkport. In the late 1960s, first who was a long time-heast in Chronicle's sports columnist designated President Bush's father then congressman George H. W. Bush who replaced him as a guest columnist and the two remain close since then. First who was suspended briefly in April without pay for refusing the tear of one of his own columns about legendary UCLA basketball coach John Wooden. In 1937, in 1999 when her school was two-and-turned-in chapters for charge to keep Bush's staff expressed his pleasure often over her school was his use of language provided by Bush himself. In a chapter on the oil business, her school was included Bush's own words to describe the Texans unprofitable business ventures, writing the companies were floundering. I got a call from one of the campaign lawyers he was kind of angry and he said, you've got some wrong information. I didn't bother to say when you know where it came from, the lawyer said we don't consider that the governor's struggle for floundering the oil business were considered to be successful oilman who started up at least two new businesses. In the end, campaign officials decided not to go with her school which is account and moreover demanded everything back. The lawyer called me and said, you really did shred it, just do it. They took out the communications director Karen Hughes's re-wrote, he said, a campaign official arrived at the Psalm 7 AM on Monday morning took his notes and computer files. However, her school was who known for his memory of anecdotes from his long history in journalism and book publishing says he's very confident about his recollections. According to her school, Bush was reluctant to discuss his time in the Texas International Guard and inconsistent with his own. Bush, he said, provided conflicting explanations about it came to bypass a waiting list and obtained a coveted guard slot as he domestic alternative to being sent to be at nom. First school was also said that Bush told him after transferring from his Texas Guard unit two thirits of the way through a six year military obligation to work on an Alabama political campaign. He didn't attend any Alabama National Guard rules at all because he was excused. This directly contradicts his public statement said he participated in obligatory training with the Alabama National Guard. Bush's painfulful, filled his military duties been subject to intens scrutiny. He's insisted in the past that he did show up from the original military drills in Alabama, though commanding officers said they never saw him in the guardsmen have come forward to a set of stance over his words for anyone who can claim to have seen Bush on base. First school was said he asked Bush if he ever flew a plane again after leaving the Texas International Guard in 1972, which was two years prior to his contractual obligation to fly jets was due to expire. He said Bush told him he never flew any plane military orceb again again. That would counter big public accounts in which Bush talks about his days in 1973 working with the University of London when he claimed to have taken some of the children off in a plane. In 2002, three years after he had been pulled off the George W. Bush biography, first school was asked by Bush's father to write a book about the current president's grandfather, first got Bush, after getting a message that the senior Bush wanted to see him. Former president Bush attended to me, we were sitting there one day and I was visiting in there in his office. He said, I wish somebody would do a book about my day. He said to me, I know this has been a disappointing time for you, but it's amazing how many times you will come out of it. I passed it out of my agent he jumped all over it. I asked Bush senior, would you support and give me access to the rest of the family he said yes. That book, Thudie Honor Country, the life of legacy of press. Bush, was published in 2003 by Rutledge. If anything, the book has been criticized for its overrelines on the Bush family's perspective and rosy interpretation of events, first school itself has considered the ultimate as told to author lending credibility to his account of a George W. Bush told him. First school was his other books run the gamut of public figures including the American-made Michael Veeber, former Texas Governor in Nixon Treasury Secretary John Conley, Newsman Dan Rather, astronaut Walter Cunningham, and baseball greats making handle a Nolan Ryan. After his school was pulled from the Bush book project, the biographer learned that a scenario was being prepared to explain his departure. I got a phone call from someone in the Bush campaign, confidently saying, watch your back. We've ported covering Bush that it will be inquired as to why his school was no longer on a project. He was animated that his school was had personal habits that interfered with his writing, applying her school was citizen-founded. Later the campaign put out the word that her school was heavy removal for missing a deadline, he was subsequently finished the book herself. And we see largely critical reviews for itself serving quality and lack of spot-and-a-dure introspection. So said her school was, the best material was left on the cutting room floor including Bush's true feelings. He told me that as a leader, you can never admit to a mistake her school was said that was one of the keys to being a leader. There you are. Why were they pretty good? Considering how they am long a west. How do you like that? Play and down in vating your rack years before he was elected. No, just do a small war. Just if like we need it, Panama. Touch your muscle. There ain't gonna be no soldiers killed. Human sacrifice over 1100 Americans based on his thunderhead okay, based on his ego trip, based on his stupidity and of course the origins of his neocon buddies. And his vice president Vic Cheney, the one with the bull-died daughter who's leading her pool in landslide. 27, who also himself would dream off in a something like this, nobody. Also, animal coaches serving lobster bisc, Jonas Stone crab, roasted duck and grilled. Seem. Animal coaches know ordinary Asian buffet like somebody does others. The service is impeccable and you walk out there, you lot of loud food vigils. Six different kinds of fantastic suphs. Doesn't the delicious enthrays like New York stripped made a word or grilled salmon. They're brand new Thai specialties too. The buffet features a huge salad bar, full Chinese food lineup, and their brand new suci bar. And because you deserve it if you have room left at the end if you're a real pig, a full dessert station too with Belgian waffles, pies, and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit. The LMSD headaches because they cook everything with the best ingredients on earth. No MSD, no cornstarch, no crab. Three and a whole carousel location story that runs sunrise, sunny, awesome pepper pines. So be sure to take the whole family like this weekend, or book your next business lunch and right now. Take out and live re always available at the ML toast and they were voted number one in town by the way, as you get restaurant reviews and WSV and news. South Florida's best 18th of phase, what they say. Call them at 974-5723822-954-5723822. The world famous ML toast Chinese buffet. South Florida's best restaurant, we know Rogers mornings in weekend. And, of course, around the clock to find success in the weekend. South Florida's best restaurant, live on Facebook and land so that you can avoid being hit man now you said you suggested duty just find my new beef, ass in and your money, for push, your positions at stake in the John Gary. In South Florida's best restaurant, it's those questions of South Florida's channel, Garnt that might leave your wealth, you teen star. That's one to say you're not a WOML, and you get closer to the day WOML. One of the things that really cheer me can't find, where you find it, and one is done. You've already done your win. A WOML is getting open to the way WOML. WOML is the only company where the story lets free. Do my turn back over on free. 123-27-01-5622-195-622-920-822-920-822-920-920-920-920-920-920-920-920. You guys, you'll be quarter-cented. Oh boy, and then you got the big seven-tenths, so plan a lot of activities between 4-10. Republicans pressed to all voter suppression efforts with political analysts to ring the voter turnout as well as voters, or voters, like the term in the outcome of the election. Civil and human rights groups are pressing the Republican National Committee to call off plans and to describe new people from casting vellows. You see, this is what really gets me. Our black people really are stupid as they're trying to make you out to be twice as many of blacks you're going to vote for Bush's this time as they did last time. When we've got to write their honor record, maybe, this is one of their main strategies is to keep you dark folks from voting at all. Keep as many views from voting as you can, and you're going to reward them for what they did in 2000 trying to do again now. I voting for Bush. Anybody like to guide the color of calling, yes? They said, any black person voting for Bush would have to be a crazy person for a multi-millionaire, or both. At a press conference held in front of a Republican National headquarters in Washington, D.C. yesterday, the leadership conference on civil rights, the country's largest civil and human rights coalition, demanded the Republican National Chairman Ed Dillespie ensure that the party does nothing to press the vote or try to win to the Voters, especially in minority communities. In state, after state, Republican officials and operatives are working to deny American citizens the rights of voters, charged L.C.C.R. executive director Wade Henderson, who are here today to ask the R&C chairman to put a stop to these activities. Will the election just four days away, the Polish-Royant Statistical Ty, many veteran observers believe the outcome will depend on voter turnout. Ameless, despite the turnout on Tuesday, will have seen 2000 by a significant margin. According to Charlie Cook, often referred to as the Polsterist Polster, if turnout is less than 115 million, Bush is likely to win, a turnout of more than 150 million will likely result in a carry victory. According to recent surveys, eight in 10 American, eight in 10 African-American subordinary, among Latinos, the margin's estimated somewhat greater than 6 in 10. Among voters aged 18 to 29, carry also is doing well about 60 percent. On the other hand, the same groups are those historically that participated the least in major elections. So that's going to be their challenges to get all them exposed and exposed. Out to vote. Set the course and date county. See, your people. Sorry, those old exideos. But, Bush, come on east out coming to all that crap. From Jimmy Brezhne's got a good comment here. I'm all about probably should read the one that you sent me now. Right after that, I was just read. It was interesting. I've never seen that or heard that, particularly in the take. Okay, it's in a Harold. It's a article by Glenn Harold Stassen and Gary Crayon. This is I Glenn, a Christian Episyston, trained in statistical analysis, and consistently pro-life. My son David is one witness. For my family pro-life is personal. My wife, Cot Rubella, and the eighth week of her pregnancy, we decided not to terminate to love and raise our baby. David is legally blind and severely handicapped. We're blessing the West and the World. Gary Crayon is an investigative journalist. We look at the fruits of political policies more than words. We analyze the data on abortion during the Bush presidency. There's no single source for this information. Federal reports only go to 2000 and many states don't report. But we found it up there to identify trends in our findings are disturbing. Abortion was decreasing. On President Bush took office, the nation's abortion rates were at 24-year low. After a 17.4% declined during the 90s. This was a steady decrease averaging 1.7% for a year. Enter Bush in 2001. One would expect the abortion rate to continue its consistent course downward if not plunge. Instead, the opposite happened. We found four states that opposed to three years statistics. Kentucky's increased by 3.2% from 2002-2003. Michigan's abortion rate increased by 11.3% from 2003. Pennsylvania's increased by 1.9% from 1999-2002. And Colorado Wades Scarwack had a 11%. We found four additional states that reported statistics for 2001 and 2, H states on increase in abortion rates 14.6. Abored increase and five saw a decrease of only 4.3% average decrease. Under Bush, the decade law in trend of declining abortion rates appeared to a reverse. Given the trends of the 1990s, 50-2000 more abortions occurred in the US in 2002 that would have been expected before the change in its direction. For anyone familiar with why most women have abortion's issue be no surprise. Two thirds of women have abortion's sight inability to afford a child as their primary reason. In the Bush presidency, unemployment rates increased half again. Not since Herbert Hoover had been a net loss in jobs during a presidency until a current administration, average real income is decreased, and for seven years in any way, he has been raised to imagine inflation with less income, many prospective mothers to another mouth to feed. Half of all women who abort say they don't have a reliable mate, and men who are jobless usually don't marry, and the 16 states that were 16,000 plus few or marriages in the year before and 78 more abortions, as male unemployment increases, marriages fall at abortion rises. Women worry about health care for themselves and their children, since 5.2 million more people have no health insurance now to be for this presidency, with women of child-bearing age overrepresented most 5.2 million abortion increases. My wife and I know as our son David, the doctor's versus hospital's medical insurance, special schooling, and parental employment, are crucial for a special child. David attended the Kentucky School for the Blind as well as several schools for children cerebral palsy and other disabilities. He was mainstreamed in public schools as well. We have two other sons in five grandchildren. We know that every parent in every child needs public and family support. What does this tell us? Economic policy and abortion are not separate issues. They form one moral imperative. Rederwick is how well mere tinkling grass without health care, health insurance, jobs, childcare and living wage. Pro-life indeed, not merely in word, means that we need a president who does something about jobs and health insurance since a poor for prospective mothers. Right, never started that perspective before it's a great article. And obviously that president, into what we got now. 221-5-6-2-WQ-WM-Audio Racing fans out there, Pompatopark is now open three nights a week for live racing every Wednesday Friday, like tonight and Saturday, live harness racing action in a great card room too. Live racing gets in a way 725 each night, Wednesday Friday and Saturday, the bookroom is open from Newville midnight with tournament action every live racing day. Plus, Pompatopark is open seven days a week with saddle casting, harness racing through a bird racing high-live game name at starting a noon. Tomorrow, this Saturday, bring out the kids' Pompatopark is hosting the annual Halloween Festival for kids aged 12 and under. There'll be a free costume contest serving at 630 with poor bikes given away. It'll also have free goody bags for the first 200 kids, free mini golf, and there we go around live music, mini horse-wrawer rides, clowns games and lots more. And don't forget to mark it on your calendar on your sleeve. You only have around 960 hours left because before you know it, it's the first free spaghetti dinner out of the season taking place at Pompatopark, Monday, December 6 right at down. Pompatopark racing and poker just to blast out of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline, Road for More Information, Column at 954, 972-2000, or check them on the WICWWeb, Pompatopark.com. Don't forget live racing now three nights a week included in the night. Wednesday Friday and Saturday at Pompatopark. You only have the banana republic baby, only in Miami. I'm dying out of the hand. Put it on your sleeve. Where the 10 years do they get that one finger break, put 10 years present in, put 10 years present in, put 10 years present in, put 10 years present in, put 10 years present in, put 20 years present in, put IN ST relationship and came in as light, put pimp the ingles and had aamentoswaver but Oh, we still have some keys here, but also there was we there and we and so we, we are getting to guess he was good for the audience. I was there in season my best, 1995. 45 with 560W crew, I'm waiting here at this. Your favorite retail outlet. Walmart. Does it again? You see the story? No. About the New Starlin book? No. Walmart, the nation's largest retailers refusing to sub-committee in Georgia. The New Starlin book, when will Jesus bring the pork chops and its stores because its cover makes fun of the last supper he's supposed to infer Carl and said. But Walmart spokeswoman Karen Berksett, the book was at things stock and Walmart store because the company thought it would not appeal to a majority of our customers, shared it to Walmart with son in the book online. Oh, this is the second time to roll they pulled this crap. Hmm. And that interesting? Yeah. It wouldn't appeal to a majority of their customers. If only my nor did their customers want to go in there and buy it, that wouldn't be good enough. I guess every book that they put in there for sale has to appeal to a majority of their customers. Maybe they should take a poll if they put a book on the shelf. All that cheap Chinese crap appeals to the majority of their customers. I see. And of course the trailer tries to chop it Walmart. Here's one more good reason to just say, for Walmart, okay? Berksett, 3,500 copies of the book said mistakenly to Walmart, Strosse had been returned to a distributor because they weren't ordered. Carl and Sposman Jam Abraham said Walmart didn't like the book cover and shows the comedian in the setting of Leonardo da Vinci's last supper sitting next to an empty chair where Jesus is in the painting. He didn't like the cover because it was a parody Abraham said adding, to our detached everything in his book but it doesn't have any nude photos, he said he thought the title would offend everyone. The spoken for Happy Reen books with publishes when we'll Jesus bring the pork chops. What's the meaning of the available for comment? Do you think they're kosher or what? They've got a mouth. One of our holios out there that's got a brain larger than his thing obviously. He sends a good fast. He says, it's a shame that we have no clue what to what we're doing and a ractor goes without saying it. It can't even worse. When you think about when we drop those so-called food parcel packages from our cargo planes, are we putting a psychological block in the sub-contrast and be rucky people, first let me describe a little something about those parcels. Each parcel is just a little bit larger than a ziplock sandwich baggy. Each parcel is bright yellow and color, I'm guessing so the kids can see them in the desert. Also in American flaggaming them is displayed on the front of each package, the funniest part is the words, printed on the packaging, or of course are printed in English because we know every rakey we do English. But now you're probably wondering where this is going. He says, well it would be who will be around you to know that all the ex-exploded ordinance that come from our cluster bombs are of the same dimensions of the food parcel packages that we're just describing the sentence ready for this one. The only difference is that we don't put a flag out of the embolmonies cluster bomb ordinances. I think the first step to wing the people over and the rake will be to stop tricking them and thinking they're getting food dropped to them from airplanes just days weeks or months after we bomb the same location. Can you imagine some poor farmer come across where he thinks his food and all he gets is in a bomba in a kabasa. Bomba in la kabasa. These are the types of deaths that aren't being reported in our media and ask what can be done on fortunately already know the answer nothing. Like William Holden said in network, what do you want me to remember this is what you want me to do? Nothing. And Howard Beale was your involvement on the area. Nothing. Jimmy, present rights. Jesus God, I don't think I since those days since back in the day when we did those seven months of homeless. But we had a couple of calls today. Yeah, we did. We put a couple of money. We're fine. We're going to until I last one with him. I proved my thinking. I see the only problem is if he taken out Monday and Miguel is going to be there. He hates, he just hates all the reading and the story. He can just sit there and dummy up at each and we could have him answer the phones. There would be good ideas. He'll be a good idea. He'll be a good idea. I'll take the house. Yeah, let's see how often he changes his mind. Yeah, that's right. He might be seeing in a different tune. If he decides to look at Kukaracha on Monday. Let's hand it to Miguel. He voted already or was voting for Kari. That is scary. Somebody is, um, London, mental. As Miguel. Anyway, Jimmy Brasland in New days says the Bush problem stems from cells. Oh, yeah, you're like this. All politics is local. I'm sitting in a restaurant in Flushy Meadows on Tuesday night watching the likes of planes taking off from the Guardia. I'm going to Cleveland right about the election. I decide. A relation Barbara Myers had called from Cincinnati to say that there were computer telephone calls with Ed Kachs and the vote for Bush because he's best for Israel. That's wonderful. He was elected around here because he ran on race. The first time he ran a municipal race using capital punishment, he said you were allowed revenge. This, this allows him this work. Now he's out campaigning for a right wing Republican who tried to bury this city. Now another plane with lights glazing races into the night. Jacksonville, I say to myself, they will settle Florida in Jacksonville, caught his there in person soon, joy Annie. He became an astronaut here all by living on television after the trade attack. He didn't pick up a piece of metal. He stayed far from fire. He went on TV day and night. He declared the attack site to be his personal property. He brought big names down to see it. Only big names nobody else was allowed. Now he campaigns for George Bush. Tach and Julianne are at ease with Bush. There is not a non-white within a mile. I'll write a black-sing Jacksonville. And here at the microphone at this dinner in Flushy Meadows is Kathy Kenny, looking to be way younger than her 53-light here. She was raffling off what she thought was the great prize of the night. Stem cells. The Fiener Fian say, see more fine than have bought the Stem cells from me. Stem cell registry in Phoenix. It was from a placenta a couple of given to the registry before their baby was born. How could you not be for her to ask? Kathy Kenny's grandson aged two had just died. The funeral was on the next day, Wednesday. The mother told Kathy that she had to go to this dinner because it was her work. The stem cells from her dead grandson also had been saved. Sometime in the family or somewhere the Stem cells can be part of the baby's legacy Kathy said. She was at a dinner of the water caners children foundation, caner wrote a column at the old Long Island press and that paper was gone in the 70s and caners column is gone too but he left the work that still goes on. Some from that old paper did pretty well. Not as much as water caner who's foundation is self-subbing for decades. The dinner on Tuesday was at Paris on the park and a verse themselves, Kathy Kenny announced, anybody with a half brain knows this is the future. She meant to one without the half a brain is George Bush. Somewhere out there on Tuesday night and in last night is he'll be on all the night's left before the selection. George Bush was in a shirt sleeve full of like a working man and he flayed and whined and lied and lied. They're missing 500 tons of major explosives, what 400 tons? He's an embarrassment to the country. He cried out against themselves because he said they're sinful. You're taking the life to perhaps save a life he says. He sees armies of women having babies and then chopping them up like chickens for the stem cells. He's a post-ambitioned stem cells which come from fetus that's been fertilized in vitro. His life says the stem cells couldn't save her father from Alzheimer's which means nobody should have them. They get their views from a dust-willed Bible left by our Gantry. Fifty years from now people will look back on this year and a mercenaries be amazed that the country was run by an obvious nitwit. When I got home on Tuesday night my cousin, Rylan Kelly called from Palo Alto, California, totally unexpected. It's only a distant electric by Paul Berg, a Nobel Prize-winning chemist. His lecture was on stem cell research, why I said he is part of getting the citizenship of on a ballot to raise money for stem cell research to replace the money that pushes with hell. He said that they have two genes identified for breast cancer, it thinks some director if he can knock it out. Can you think about that? This is a man with a Nobel Prize-telling that the stem cell research can end breast cancer. I said it with my mouth open to hear that after what all of us have been through. You listen to him, it's absolutely idiotic to oppose this. What can you possibly be thinking? The people in the audience had tabs and pens when he said that this could be used to get diabetes that were taking notes. I guess everybody out there's got a daughter with some of diabetes. I wonder where Bush's family stands. And of course don't forget about Cheney's family because they got a daughter who may not have diabetes but she's a bulldog. Look at care of that. I just, oh, maybe that's there you go. Maybe that can happen too. I've got some great stem cells. Right, that's correct. Some head of a sexual stem cells for a married Cheney. All right. How's that pull-up coming? Well, I'm telling you, this is work out today, you know? For me, anyway. Other than George Rubby Bush, who is the most dangerous American today, I see I've been kind of leased on. I wonder if she's doing an in-micolbert? You think? Oh, man. I wonder if it tickles with that gaffin' or teeth. Whistle. 511 votes on the pool so far the most dangerous beside the obvious one. The nitwit fed Cheney, growls him with just right in the bound. Big Cheney, 247. I couldn't be the same Dick Cheney that's the vice president married to Lyn Cheney that wrote all of them died thousand and they were the 80s and that they have a bulldog daughter together. Could have thought of her son. Big Cheney, 227, John Aschroff, 101, the BDI at one, it's checking you on on our BDC, every day. Carl Roe, and we got to spell it right. 511, 28, $1.24, Michael Paul 23, Ralph Nader 14, and Tom Delay 13, Jeff Bush 12, Versileum Ball 11, Paul Wolfowitz 10 with that lovely slick down here and Condolees got a pair. That's what Ann Coper says. How much he seemed to? I think I'm going to do the break. Because I got to see ones. But if we stay that's own good not, I can never get through all of this crap. You know, I'll say some for Monday. Oh, you're going to be reading it while listening. on Tuesday okay and then after that like on Wednesday maybe they'll allow us to play fart sounds again what do you think? No you're a senior new Roger. Okay I'm just a couple of things. On 560. Are you a... Just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. If time goes like that that's she's the young steps through his failurestonq Yeah Yeah Wow Anyway and presented You're too much for us. So you must kill the writers. You're so poor that I've got to go. And that's how bad I could have saved that. If you're not correct, I'm wrong. And I'm wrong, I'm wrong. And that's how bad I'm so poor that I've got to go. Three million stars in the past. Where is the cold pattern? Two, or what you're going to fight and trick for push-to. With a little lamb strike and start to make a mess. My shes deal comes through a second. I'm going to sit and tell them say no. All of a sudden I've got to sit and tell them say no. So I've gone to five six and WCM at Magdog at Jazz-Person Vizio to the staff known. Gelley for the Humperate Four. Here's a fact from Scott and Hollywood. I've been trying to call Ray the Pull-Bow. Not taking any calls for rest of the show. Scott, I've got too many fish to fry. Oh my, I think one, come up for him. What is it? There's a great line in the great place. Come on, man. I'm put a for each big in a frying fish. He says both stones spoil because they're left out of the fridge. I'm glad you got a chuckle there because when I get to the article about what they're doing and how you're going to be. Area-body-furny. Really, fish-thousand fired up now. What's going on in Franklin County? Whether alter-right wing elections directed there. The adviser of elections all man, but they're pulling. Next, what happened in Florida, I signed extra racial aporalic or rocket scientist. Anyway, Scott says you forgot to put the most dangerous men in the right wing of the Supreme Court. Well, let's put Cynthia Discard out a hospital. I just released him only moments ago. Just this wooden rain-coist down there, huh? Okay. Since he's certainly there, I'll tell you what. No, put him on there. Put Antons, Galea. He's even more right wing if that's possible. All right. Okay. A-N-T-O-N-I-N-An-N as opposed to Antony. You got it? You got it. Antony and Scalia. Oh, I don't even know who that was. Well, I'm just dreaming here. Anyway, great-pul-ass rights Florida's computers are already coming. Thousands of both of those for George W. Bush. Before one vote was cast in early voting this week in Florida, the new touchscreen computer voting machines of Florida, started out with a several thousand vote lead for Bush. That is the mechanics of the new digital democracy boxes. Spoiled votes that are adequately high-wate, an African-American precincts, effectively boarding enough votes, for John Kerry and the tight-ways to keep the White House safe from the relevant voters again. To understand if he asked when progress in Florida, we need to revisit the 2000 model, starting with a lesson from Nick Carlberg acting election supervisor in Duval County until this week. Some voters are strange, Carlberg told me recently. He was attempting to explain why in the last presidential election, 5,000 new badins, stretched to the polls and having arrived there, quoted for nobody for president. Carlberg did conceive that after he ran these punch cards through the counting machines a second time, some partly punch co-holstery of loose gaining more 160 votes you're so on Bush about 80. So if you ran the blank ballots through a few more times, we'd either have a different person I noted, Carlberg, a Republican, answered with a grin. So it was throughout the state, in certain precincts, at least, in Jacksonville, for example, in Duval precinct 7-2-10, nearly one and five ballots of 11,000 to one votes in all, when uncounted, rejected either as an under-vote a blank ballot or an over-vote a ballot with extra markings, in those precincts 72% of the residents are African-American. Now let's then do make the count by 41-Rail Gore. All in all, a staggering 179,855 votes were spoiled, in other words, Casper not counted, in the 2000 election in Florida. Theographers in the US Civil Rights Commission matched the ballots with census stats and estimated that 50% of all the over and under an over-vote had been cast by blacks, for only likely that of having a vote discarded, exceeded that of a white voter by 900% all that much. Vote's told spoiled because they left out of the fridge. Vote's poirligia root is a class problem. Derses poor minority districts wound up with shoddy schools and shoddy hospitals that are stuck with shoddy ballot machines. In GANS than the only black majority county in Florida, one in eight votes forled in 2000, the worst countywide record in the state. Next, or at Leon County, tell a handsay which used the same paper ballot to mostly white wealthy or county lost almost no votes. The difference was that in mostly white Leon each voting booth was equipped with its own optical scanner, with which vote of concepter owned ballots, and the black county absence such a second chance equipment any error would vote. The best solution for vote spoilage, whether from black ballots or from hanging charges Leon counties, paper ballots together with scanners and voting booths. In fact, this is precisely what Governor Bush's own experts recommended in 2001 for the entire state. His select task force on election procedures, appointed by the Governor to suit public distrust, after the 2000 race chose paper ballots with scanners over the trendy option the test-wing computers. Although the computer rinsed cost eight times as much as paper with scanners they result in many more spoiled votes. In this year's presidential primary employer, the computers had a spoiled rate of more than 1% as compared to one tenth of a percent of the double-check paper ballots. One percent as compared to one tenth of a percent. Apparently some Bush voters were not keen on a fixed-selling expensive and effective. In a particular said or more than a founder of women-project Bush, the Governor's Reel Action Operation, successfully lobbied and behalf of the Florida Association of Calories to stop the state legislature from blocking the purchase of touchscreen voting systems. More than coincidentally, was also a paid lobbyist for election systems and strategies at computer voting machine manufacturer. Fifteen of Florida's 67 counties chose the price of computers, 12 of them ordered for me SNS which in turn paid more than scouting associationate percentage on sales. A-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, man! Florida's computerization added first mass test in 2002 in Howard County. The ESS and ES machines appeared to work well in four white-four lottery no-forces, but in black communities such as Lodagill and Pumpano Beach, there was wholesale disaster. Full workers were on train and many places opened late, black voters were held up in lines for hours, no one doubts that hundreds of black votes were lost before they were cast. Howard County Commissioners had purchased the touchscreen machines from the ESS over the objection of election supervisor Miriam Elephant, notably one commission who's campaigned for Azure was an ESS lobbyist. Governor Bush responded the Howard County FESCO by firing elephant-of-an-African-American firmest fees. Even when computers worked they don't work well for African-Americans, age-aligned 2001 congressional study found the computer-spooled votes in minority districts at three times the way to vote-sposted white district. Based on the measured differential and vote loss between paper and computer systems, the 15 counties in Florida can expect the loser at least 29,000 votes to score-lage, some 27,000 more than if the counties had used paper ballots with scanners. Given the demographics of score-lage, this translates into an edlet of thousands for Bush before a single ballot is even passed. That'll be a little depressed. I think they should keep them in many years, Joe. And Pistot. Don't make do the promo zero, okay? Okay, one last time. I want to give you the Paul Cugman calm. I mean, I realize I'm fighting into a win storm here and maybe one person out of every thousand out there would give you a grandpa buddy and this, but you know what? Who cares? You have to at least try to make a little teeny tiny difference. I'm giving it a my best shot. You know what I'm saying? Give it our best shot. Don't forget, look for the QAN van today from 430 to 630. It's so easy, guys. 117th of candlestick drive. Stop by the spin at ugly wheel and maybe one of those crappy prizes. But you can enjoy some delicious free food if you get there running from the 90s and George has got two big deals tomorrow. Do I enjoy a joint old George from our new to two of its outloaders in finnity at 16915 South of Worbred. It's not as you are with Miami. Stop by the wind some more that crap and enjoy more free food from a 90s city subs the best. And then from 3 to 5 George yields up over to QM van. Bill Siddles Boulevard on saving. Oh, you're in the van. I thought you were like inside. No, no, we'll be inside. Oh. Well, just look for the QAN van and then go inside. That's where you'll find George. 3 to 5. Bill Siddles Boulevard on savings. I know for a 36 week just less than 27 families. That's not five for whatever prizes we got left. That's out of really need the drinks. But more really great sandwiches from Atlanta City Sun. You're a season meal. Rush your song. Redwood. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. A M. Why do you wear still? Absolutely. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. All the hard for. Don't go. Don't go. Every time I see. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Three-part of him wins. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Don't go. Who's the heirs? Where's the death of the two? Redwood. Redwood. I'm sorry. And in our team we're in the area. I don't know why. They won't want to die. But nobody seems to be here. First of all, they're there for years. Would president come? Fuck me. I won't be over that. Fuck me. I won't be over that. Only what I can do. Now I'm hopeful. And get to we all hold it for one. If you want this. Don't go. They're just brothers. Be with me. Don't go. Don't go. I'm just wrong with bitch. Get. Don't go. I'm busy with it. Love for them me. Please, president. Fuck. You don't care what it's all. You got to be over that. I don't care what it's all. I don't care what it's all. But you and I never don't think. We've got to break me here. That's the president's job. Once or two to find a suit, we'll get you a hand. Half put the right suit. Great company or times. Right. It's not just Al-Kaka. I'll say one thing. It sure sounds like a lot of Kaka to me. Wait. I'll get next to that story about 12 ways that there's a stealing you'll have. Okay. A lot of people will be very angry and you'll say it sounds like dizzy wall over again. But anyway, Paul Kirkman writes in the Times today, is it in case the writers already are spending way president Bushy defeat. It's all the following. The liberal media is especially the New York Times, which so the conspiracy theory goes. The liberal attempts report on the looted Al-Kaka explosives report all the more danceyly because it was true for the week before the election. If you're remarkable at the right wingers who dominate cable news in talk way, you are still complaining about a liberal stranglehold over the media, but that absurd to the aside, they're missing a crucial point. Al-Kaka is hardly the only television competence and tendency to break to the surface in the last few days. Here's a quick look at some of the others. Letting Osama get away. Just before the story about Al-Kaka broke, the Bushyani campaign was frantically trying to debunk John Kerry Stainman that Mr. Bushlight Osama could let him get away when he was cornered to Torabora. That getaway, Mr. Kerry's search was possible because the administration outsourced the job of closing off his scape roots to local Afghan warlords. In response, General Tommy Frans claimed that we don't know that Osama was a Torabora, and anyway, we did not source the work of catching him. The obtained he called Mr. Kerry's claims absolute garbage, but notable reports from 2001 and early 2002 confirmed Mr. Kerry's version. As Peter Bergen and Ter was the next per rights, Mr. Kerry's charge is an accurate reflection of the historical record. Lettings are Caligate away. On day the Wall Street Journal confirmed an early report that in 2002, the military drew a plan for a strike on the base of the terrorist leader, Abu Musaab al-Zahqawi, an area of Iraq not under Sodom's control. But civilian officials vetoed the attack, probably because they thought it might undermine political support for the war against Sodom. So, Mr. Zahqawi, like Osama, was given the chance to kill another day. The situation in Iraq, Dick Chan is telling supporters that Iraq is a remarkable success story, but the news from Iraq just keeps getting worse. After 49 Iraqi National Guard recruits were killed execution style, even I had a law idea, Iraqi Prime Minister who usually acts as a defacto spokesman for the post-Chainee campaign, a few escalation forces of gross negligence. It's not clear that the insurgency is much larger than he was officials initially acknowledged and that Iraqi security forces have been heavily infiltrated. $70 billion more. Earlier this week, the Washington Post reported that administration officials were planning to seek an additional $70 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan after the election. Whatever the precise number, it's long been obvious to knowledgeable observers that this was coming, but the news will come as a shock to many people who still don't realize how deep a quagmire, Mr. Bush has gotten us into. All of these stories have been getting more play right now, or if we're not for the out-cut com mess. Still, one can understand why the White is so upset. After all, Al-Qaqawi illustrates an a particularly graphic way that faders and this ambushes national security leadership. U.S. soldiers passed through Al-Qaqawi crucial missions, though we're never told that it was important to secure the site. If administration officials objected they couldn't assert enough troops to guard the site, they're admitting that they went in without enough troops, and the fact that those explosives fell into one known hands as a perfect example of how the Iraq war has worsened the terrorist threat. The story about Qaqawi has brought out the worst in campaign that indicated the proposition that the president is infallible, and that it's always someone else's fault when things go wrong. Here's what Rudy Giuliani said yesterday. No matter how you try to blame it on the president, the actual responsibility for it would be for the troops that were there. Did they search carefully enough? Support the troops. The worst of all from the rights point of view Al-Qaqawi has disrupted the campaigns of media strategy. Qaqawi clearly claimed to turn the finalAs of the campaign into a series of global test moments, taking something Mr. Kerry said in a shorting its meaning, then generating pseudo-conferences that dominate the air waves. Instead, the news media have spent the last few days discussing substance, and that's very bad news for Mr. Bush. The past that global test, global test. I wonder if a Bush could pass the global test. I don't think there's any even a weekly reader test. I don't think he could pass. I don't think so. I wonder also if he had known when he was reading my pet Goats on the little kids in Sarasota, 9-11. I wonder if there was a ball in his suit jacket on the Ithae? But certainly, I'll be for the knock cause I had to walk over to talk to him. No, but that was a different, I'm talking about just the somebody who was reading. That was a different message. I'm here to read under attack. Anyway, this is, this is going to make you barf. Bob said track us and Harvey lost him in right in the Columbus Free Press. Twelve ways Bush is stealing the Ohio vote. The Republican November surprise to steal the 2004 election in full force here in Ohio, with full shrubbing a dead heat that G.O.P. has stayed tuned all out of attack on a fair vote count in the book I state. Here are a dozen ways they're doing it. Under our K.O. High O'law, both of the Republican Democratic parties are many state of five candidates, may embed official election challengers inside polling places. New York Times reported October 23rd that the Republican Party has been replaced thousands of lawyers and of the G.O.P. faithfuls inside the polls to challenge voters. Republican and side is confed here that the key goal is to jam lines and frustrate new voters. The G.O.P. apparently figures many voters and key Democratic precincts will wait in line more than 15 minutes to vote. This is certain to be a major tactic in Cleveland's Kylo or county under Democratic strongholds, the G.O.P. is not finding a child's voters in Republican districts. The Republican Party has sent letter challenging thousands of Franklin County students are registered to vote absentee. Franklin County is under Columbus the state's largest city in its capital. Though it is also home to Ohio State University, thousands of local students go to school outside the county or state. The G.O.P. apparently doesn't want to vote's counted. This unprecedented mass challenge has prompted the Franklin County Board of Lessions whose director is a conservative Republican to reserve the large veterans for more a lot of trim down sound of prices the challenges this Thursday is on Kerry comes to tell a grist recently that was yesterday. The county has told thousands of students that if they don't appear in Columbus the lands of the G.O.P. challenges, they may lose the right to vote. The Franklin County Board of Lessions has called or written an under-term number of voters who have paid absentee balance challenging their addresses. In least one case after a series of angry phone calls, the board admitted there was nothing wrong with the address in question and reinstated voting rights. The voter in question was a registered Democrat. His wife and independent at the same address was not challenged. It sounds here how many others have been wrongly knocked out. Even if not, here's the part that just, ah, how can this go on? Even if they're counted, Franklin County's absentee balance forms are rigged in ways strikingly reminiscent of those in Florida die in 2000. On many absentee forms, Kerry is listed third on the list of presidential candidates, but the actual number you punch for Kerry is four. If you punch three, you're just voted for Bush, son, for media? Franklin County's right wing elections directors insisting on evoting machines, which have malfunctioned at least two congressional elections, which have no paper trail. The November issues of popular science and popular mechanics magazine ran the following headlines on their covers respectively. Evoting emergency and youth-like dimple chants were bad and could hackers tell the election, vigorous protests against the people's machines have been staged here, but many will be used right wing-a-meaningful recount impossible. In four other Ohio counties, they notorious diebold company, whose CEO, Walu Dell, is touched at over how his votes to Bush will provide the evoting machines to court or to counsel throughout any paper trail while using proprietary secrets software. O dell is in the wealthy Columbus suburb of Upper Arlington, and is a major bush donor. Twenty GOP down in A.V. Ohio counties have given wrong information to former felons about their voter eligibility, and Hamilton County home of Cincinnati and the Republicans have found a official told numerous former felons that a judge had to sign up before the good vote, which is blatantly false. Franklin County, with normally canceled two to three hundred registered voters year for felony convictions, has sent at least three, five hundred canceles, but as to both current felons and esfons, was convictions day back to 1998. The list includes numerous citizens who were charged with felonies, but can't be kidding only of misdemeanors. Republican Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell has a very strong vote for the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the anderer. The law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the law and the legislation by the law and the law and the law and the law together. And if the law and the law and the law and how price laws are at risk and you may be removed. Create criminal law rules and law and the law and proceed to check the law and read the law that t revised. Justice Officers come across and that kelombus place their inspected syringes and mats the auditions are entered by one national attorney and the final mayor of law, and organizing subcommittee's government Kathmandu, house but at a new site for miles away, under Blackwell's new rule such a vote would not be counted. In Cincinnati, some 150,000 voters were moved from active to be in active status within July 4 years for not voting in last two federal elections. This isn't even required under Ohio law but is an option to love an exercise by the Republican dominated Hamilton County Board of Elections. Secretary of State Blackwell ruled that any voter registration form on other than 80 pound weight paper, 80 pound weight bond paper would not be accepted. This is an old law left over from pre-scanning days and any voters who would register on lighter paper had their registration return even though the forms had been officially sanctioned by local election boards. No Republican is ever won the presidency without carrying all high. This year the GOP seems determined it would no matter what they have to do to be elected a process. And then after making it on your hands and easing puke, this is a ex-con-dergent verfascism, compassionate conservative. But if we're in decency and honesty back to the White House, they still let in broad daylight four years ago, right in front of your face. And the question is, will the American people be stupid enough to not turn out and big enough numbers so to make Dan sure they're not able to do it again. And the same to me, so you must have this ex-convocated link on five six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six six seven five six eight six seven seven six seven six medium a row three two eight seven six and six six seven  zero two eight six five seven seven six five six seven six seven seven six six seven eight six six seven six eight seven seven seven fourteen seven seven seven seventeen nine five six six eight twelve and six six six five seven seven seven one ten six seven seven seven seven one nine six nine ten eight seven six nine eight nine nine nine nine seven six seven four seven seven seven eight seven six six six that six six six six six six eight seven seven eight six I've seen again six six five six six seven One thirty five sixty seventy two and speak on that internal revenue services reviewing the tax and status of the nation's oldest civil rights organization. St. criticism of President Bush at the NAACP's national commission in July may have violated rules against partisan activity. Really? What about all those churches? In a letter did October 8 the IRS had received information that NAACP chairman Julian Bonk and then the administration policies of George W. Bush on education, the economy and the winner rack in a July 11 speech. The IRS asked to authorize Bonk speech and sell an accounting of all expenses for the Velopi convention. Bonk called the investigation a political movement to deter the NAACP from its traditional world of registering and turning out flag voters on lunch and date, something he said has not been called an equation over decades as such activity. We intend to fight this with every resource we have, Bonk be saying. The IRS then discloses investigations but the NAACP scheduled news conference for the end of the subject asked why he waited three weeks to announce the probe five days before the election. Bonk said he's handed with first and foremost board of directors about the action. IRS commissioner Mark Everson said this statement that he can't come on in any particular case but in tonight that public places involved in the agencies and forcements of the city of course not. But any suggestion that the IRS has told that its auto-negative, these four political purposes, is repugnant and groundless he said. Bonk began to speak to the July convention by saying the races on the gloves are off when a fight for our lives and we're here to commit to winning it. You go, Julian. You went on to criticize the president's policies on education so the rights in Iraq war and know that the Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry had accepted the group's invitation to speak while Bush had declined. The differences between the candidates this year are not doing criminal or inconsequential he said. Tax law for a mysterious under organized under section 501c3 from taking sides in political campaigns, the law restricts these organizations because the nations are taxed and equitable for the donor and in effect are subsidized by the government. Francis Hill and authority on non-profit groups at the University of Miami Law School called an amazing that the IRS were all the group based on a public speech. Usually it looks for some activity other than disagreeing with policies he said. How do you like that is the fastest movement continues here does damn boot baby. There they are. Now that we've changed the subject we're just one moment because I thought this was kind of an interesting story. Tell them. Double in Ireland, they're double in their pleasure at least as priest are. Double in over. Nearly 60% of Irish Catholic priests say cellulose should not be compulsory but almost the same number of things scrapping the rule would not help to improve recruitment levels of survey showed yesterday. Then the compulsory cellulose has been proposed by some campuses a way to answer priest shortages in Western countries but priests have rejected calls for change. The survey conducted for the Irish Catholic newspaper showed 57% of priests in the country thought cellulose should not be compulsory however the Irish Catholic survey found out that the cellulose rule is not necessarily seen to have bearing on the level of vocations to the priest of the newspaper say. Some 60% of respondents believe abolishing compulsory cellulose would not lead to increase in vocations. But the vast majority of those survey did favor change in the church, seconds having permanent decans would perform similar functions to priests and could be married or single, because would not hear confession conduct certain ceremonies. A low surveyed 59% were over the age of 55, highlighting one of the biggest problems facing the Catholic clergy with next decade. A sharp fallen in serence as aging priest die or retire or maybe go to jail. The clergy shortage in scandals of priestessly abusing children are having children out of wedlock of spurred calls to reform the cellulose rule, but the churches hierarchy has strongly defended a tradition that dates from a least of 12th century. In March, Switzerland's Catholic vissord refused to break ranks with the Vatican and launch far-reaching reforms, in the US priest began writing letters lies, serencing and the cellulose that the vissord rejected these suggestions. Some 1300 priest responded to the Irish Catholic survey, Ireland has nearly 3000 priests and around 90% of the country's population are Catholics, which is why they keep beating up on impressions and chasing them with Britain's stolen rocks and sticks, stuff like that. Brits and sticks. Oh, speaking the virulal time religion? Yeah, I just can't believe that I've been rambling and rambling. What am I doing this? Huh? Oh, stop now. Oh, stop now. Oh, stop now. Areyanna Huffington writes, faith abuse when God becomes a campaign toy. She says, this is my last call before election day. But listen a week ago, I've turned into everything in my power to defeat George W. Bush neither ride to the polls, then I'm going to get down on my knees and pray to a higher power. As someone from faith is incredibly important and regularly praised for all the people and things that matter to me, I'm hopeful that God is as a Paul design with the way his name is constantly being taken and vain on the vush campaign trail and will have a presence of using his faith to justify himself in the world to the world as disastrous policies. Lord knows there's a very long list of things to be angry with, worship about, but this one is moved to the top of my personal hit parade because his Catholic philogen teacher teaches the corruption of the best is the worst. Got it? The corruption of the best is the worst. And George W. is truly corrupting faith and dragging in a political gutter in two fundamental ways. First, he's using it as a spiritual inoculation against uncertainty and complexity. Ron Suss-Guy's recent piece in New York Times magazine painted the chilling portrait of a presidency in which thoughtful analysis and role questioning have been replaced by God given certainty and where facts had opened debate have become an asthma. Suss-Guy reveals a person who uses his faith to numb himself against reality unless the tithes him in the same way as stiff drink, okay twenty stiff drinks used to and allows him to drown out the voices of doubt. Yet great thinkers throughout history have extilled the virtues of doubt as Paul Tullets put it, doubt isn't the opposite of faith it's an element of faith. But not in the bush White House or doubters are treated as traitors and it can be the answer to the work of the devil because facts can lead to questioning and questioning undermines faith and that would be blasphemy in an oval office where unbedding resolves become a holy sacrament. No wonder Bush is unwilling to admit to even a single mistake. The second way the president's crafting his faith is by using it as a marketing tool designed to guard a supporter among the over 60 million Americans who identify themselves as evangelical, especially deforming in board again voters who stayed home in 2000. Nowhere is this blooding of church in campaign more evident than in George W. Bush faith in the White House and DVD being distributed to tens of thousands of mercies churches. Although not officially the work of the Bush Tainee campaign that obviously has its approval and indeed was squainted a party for Christian conservatives hosted by the campaign of the GOP Convention in New York. In the document, represented and pushes the president as a man with the moral clarity of an old-fashioned biblical prophet and ensuring a beat to the extreme of the son of God himself. So in 2004, Jesus is not only the president's favorite philosopher but he is a surrogate running mate. I'm surprised we haven't seen any Bush Christ 2000 for a buffer sticker yet, it will make for a heck of an October surprise. All this pious posture and is also been used as a cuddle which to attack John Kerry for trying him as a sorry second in the faith sweepstakes. Forget that Mr. Kerry Kerry is a Bible and rosary with him on the campaign trail used to be an altar boy and a said, my faith affects everything I do. The Bush is admitted to him as if they are running against Joe Pagan. Just check out the Kerry wrong for Catalyst Page on the official Bush Tainee campaign website. What's next? Attack ads from altar boys for truth, claiming that Kerry never actually swallowed the body of Christ or in communion? What the president calls faith is actually nothing of the sword. It's a fanaticism pure and simple that defining trade of the fanatic is an utter refusal of anything as clearly as evidence to get in the way of an unshakable belief. This is Alex mindset is where the law's president Bush had taken the death and destruction in Iraq and see the men's freedom on the march. And it's also where the law's abouzard Caluy and his followers to co-late put a bullet in the back of the head of four dozen unarmed Iraqi army recruits because they are apostates. Either you will disagree against this, plainly cussed both ways. This is why George's W. Bush is so clear-eyed about Al Qaeda and the Islamic fundamentalist enemy, a explained Bruce Bartler, a domestic policy adviser to Reagan and Bush 41, he understands them because he's just like them. I pray that every American of real faith keeps this in mind when stepping into the voting booth on Election Day for its area in a huffing. You go girl, he the deal girl, girl right. I have to think about the Bush and Jesus reminds me that the thing that he had on the email be this morning, Jesus Christ. No, the other are the two videos are up. I think the video is up. We got all kinds of good stuff for Anna, I'm saying including Bush's in the effort and the stickiness finger up. He's just spun around. He's a good old boy and a good Christian that would never do anything like that anyway, right. That must have been during his indiscriminate youth. No, it was as president sitting in the oval or office. Oh yeah. Just like they changed it, that must have been his indiscriminate youth too. But he used the effort to pat lay here in the center, right. Why? Why not do that? That wasn't they changing that device president saw that bull by daughter is it? She's her gay. Anyone until 2 at 5.60 WQM is the end of the month and now is the time to save like never before at Armstrong for the homestead. They must pay while other mating will for it to make room for the 2005s. You'll save like never before an all remaining O'Fours and stuck ready for immediate delivery. And all of you will find their in and ready to roll out. Plus, relevant time only gets 0% financing on any of the following explorers escapes. Focus, this tourist is in Mustang, certain restrictions applied. The lots of Armstrong for the homestead are jammed with moral finds arriving each and every day. They're cutting traces like crazy and you're going to save big. Armstrong for it offers more value too, because when you buy your for it Armstrong for it, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. tires and batteries for life. So being Jones and for a new car, being put in it off, wait no more. Because they've rich in the gang at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget. Because they're locally owned and not pretty, they want to treat you just like family and make you a long time customer. You will get a better deal on a Ford, nowhere in town, know how, know bait and switch, no full need deals just the lowest prices going anywhere. Armstrong for it homestead, you'll find him at 3.0725, South Tixie Highway, just 20 minutes south of the 836, check him out and we can wear it. Armstrong cars.com and then drive a little and save thousands on that new Ford at Armstrong Ford of homestead. What 45, whatever happened to all that business about our booger, rape and a get-mote too huh? I was just having to go all far away money. I mean, you probably also thought I wasn't going to do this to your buddy Palestinian girl? Oh, whatever. I didn't even know what I was going to do. Well, I had to say to big pile man, when you got to the piles. It's in my pile and here it is. Because really army is often an investigation acclaimed by soldiers that their commander fired multiple shots at a Palestinian girl. We already have been done down in Gaza since military radio and Jerusalem. Jerusalem. 13-year-old I'm in Al-Ham's was first gunned down by soldiers posted nearby observation tower in the 7 Gaza Strip last week as they suspected she was carrying explosives in her satchel. The commander then shot the girl several times a fellow soldiers sent her body was riddled with 20 bullets including five in their head. Dr. Ali Muza from Rafa Hospital told AFP October 5, one soldier who spoke on condition in an enemy, of course, because it wouldn't be kosher to give his name up. But Al-Ham's who was on her way to school. She was on her way to school and walked toward the army position as a tab of the incident. Soldier's firener direction thinking she was carrying when a bomba, she ran away but she was hit and fell to the ground. He said, the army then acknowledged that the girl's satchel contained no explosives. She was carrying like little like all kids and so care about it. Go to school, like with books and crayons and stuff. Our officer approached her and shot two bullets into her head. He also said his weapon on automatic mode and emptied out the magazine on the lifeless body, the soldier told military radio, we told him to stop it, he carried on, the scene broke our heart because taking it out on a young girl in that way, stains us all he had it. Army chief of staff Moshe Lohn said soldiers had justified firing at the girl who made suspected lines in his tractor retention and lead him away from the tower to give away from Palestinian snipers to shoot them. Oh, the man over her. Yeah, he got some nerve to be going to school with a satchel, maybe. Page. A motorcycle page? Who? He's not. What's held? You know about stuff like that and you're a buddy there too. Remember, satchel page Josh? Yes, I do. There you go. See, satchel's a little bit, not much. You know, satchel page, when you remember his money patched and fits in the negro leagues. Anyway, here I've been hurry up. Dave Lindor writes, view a bulge game, bushes laid his line about what he worked in the debates. You see, the bush people out there, they disciples, when you, it's like anything else, when you deal with religious genetics, like those Orthodox Jews with their neat beanies, you're not going to confuse them with the facts. Oh, he's somebody who pays you all. I think we're crawling from it. Yeah, it doesn't make any difference to back to these compulsive liar. And then he already took years ago, but you know, winning a small war. Going to go in there's going to be piece of cake. He really believed that. Haven't people read the polo in your book? No, what about Dick Clark? And American bands sand. Anyway, Dave Lindor from counter punch rights. Hopefully, tell me the truth. Does anyone think that millionaire, preppy, George W. Bush has a badly tailored shirt or a badly tailored suit in his wardrobe? The question is important because that's the lamest excuse that Bush and Crow Roe have come up with to try and quiet the media buzz about the ball driver's jacket during those three presidential debates. After behaving like total cowards for the past two weeks, the White House press score finally squeaked. In an interview with Bush, ABC's Good Morning reporter Charlie Gibson finally showed the guts to ask the president what the ball's in his jacket was. Bush's response was to laugh and try to play dumb something he does convincingly. I don't know what that is. I mean, it's, I'm embarrassed to say it's a poorly tailored shirt he said. Okay, before the Bush campaign in the White House we're saying it was a poorly tailored jacket. Now the man in question says it was assured. Are we supposed to believe that the president would the same shirt for all three debates? He changed his jacket. He changed his tie, but he kept his shirt and a badly fitting one at that. Gibson was showing more courage than his media colleagues and posing the question at all. Didn't bulldog it. He let it go. Lemon is questioned to the ball soon in the first debate. Clearly the follow-up question should have been if you knew you had a badly tailored shirt that was causing this controversial bulls, why do you do where the same shirt in the debate number two and then again in the debate number three. Gibson also clearly didn't look at the White House website where there was a 2002 photo showing the same ball underneath the T-shirt Bush was wearing while driving a pickup on his ranch. That was clearly not the same shirt he was wearing in the debates. So now we know if we didn't know it already the White House is lying. They're getting away with it because except for Gibson, nobody in the mainstream press that tags about it after the president is pressing a monitor much less investigated than more aggressively by trying to get sources from inside the president's camp to come forward. They're getting away with it because his one reporter who's contacted friends in many of the major news outlets has been told the mainstream press won't go after this story because the carry camp has not made an issue. Get that. The media can't go after a story about a candidate unless the other candidate makes it an issue. Now there's a wimpiness in the question. What is news? Fortunately, the American public is smarter than this. If they think that the president's dodges ridiculous advice and opening for a humor, and that's where the story is now showing up on day-lino, David Letterman and most powerfully, and Gary Chugos do his very strip. At this point, unless the president can come clean and give a credible explanation for the cause of the balls that appeared under his jacket of all three debates and on his ranch when he was being interviewed or liked by an AP reporter, we have to assume that it was what it appears to have been. A transceiver and hidden radio-length micro-earpiece, and that he was cheating in the debates, getting tipped in hints of how to answer from somebody in the back room. There are a few days left in a camp pain that will be interesting to see whether anyone on the camp pain trail, or in a Washington press corps has the guts to follow up on Gibson's question, to ask for a real explanation that would cover bumps in the jacket at all three debates. The electorate at least knows something's a miss, but it should take all of these things in a consideration when they consider both the president's intelligence and his integrity has been caught cheating, not on his wife, on the public. The mayoral going forget about the red, the look they chose to get up, would write, when he is dealing with over and over into our heads, I dare they write, and so, that this submancipal structure. The mayoral is a very important part of the debate, and the mayoral is a very important part of the debate, and the mayoral is a very important part of the debate, and the mayoral is a very important part of the debate, and the mayoral is a very important part of the debate, and the mayoral is a very important part of the debate, and the mayoral is a very important sector, but it can prove us by fear through atheism and collegies and in us. We'll write, when he's really getting over and over until our heads, and I often ask That means a massive direction. Are you sure? The loss is civil rights. It does. Right, that would be it. We're all suspects now, not the ass from this day. I have nothing to hide. People talk as all are safe. I don't be any entitled to help. Binary reservations. How does he provoke double ant? Where are the violations? Oakrasin's past goal. It has weren't too many zdecy . Which no Triple proportion is done to make rap stone, Aval Va pios accepts. Right, wates fasting.... This direction.... It can be a tremendous exercise, oil, a lot of berries. Not only a bad assimilist, but a bad admirer. What won't end? Bye-bye! Sydney Sydney beber to pick the big star Thanks for watching!