We are controlling training. Of course. We are representing the field. We are the moral times to protect the whole community. See where you are. My blood is burning, babe. Black Oomph. My blood has. And the big red ring. Black Oomph. Really. Is water designed. Those my ass. Feels like it's on fire. Correct them. In the inside my ass is on fire. Here I'll have the gift in one of those. It's playing a full time. This is a bird's bird's bird's bird's. Like I as is on fire. My ass is on fire. One thing. That's pretty good to me. Is for. Really open. Bird and frog. Which is always gay. Or. And it's true. From out of your ass. Black, black, black Oomph. In the inside my ass is on fire. I'll have the gift in one of those. It's playing a full time. This is bird's bird's bird. All I got in the fire. My ass is on fire. In the inside my ass is on fire. I'll have the gift in one of those. I'll have the gift in the inside my ass is on fire. My ass is on fire. My ass is on fire. My ass is on fire. That's a little bit of 50 to 50 to 50. I'm the reason we played that today. It's because there's a big contract. It's going on about that song. Partly. Everytizing writers in Florida were planning to pitch hemorrhate relief products with a commercial featuring the Johnny Cash Classic Ring of Fire, aka Ancifier. But Cashist family said there is no way they're going to let that happen. We would never allow the song to be de-meem like that. Cashist's daughter Roseanne told a tenacene of natural Tennessee. The hit was written by Cashist's wife, June Carter Cash, she still did. And Murl Killgore, who's now Hank Williams, Jr's manager, both Johnny and June Carter Cash died this last year. TV producer Sue Miller of Big Green Productions in Fort Lauderdale, High Sue, said she thought of the idea when she heard the song on a radio while struggling with the Untruptable Commission. Sue's got to say it's a life as a pain in the ass. And she also made sure her death is a fire. Killgore said at first he thought the idea was funny and that he often joked about hemorrhates on stage whenever he'd introduced Ring of Fire. But Cashist's family ain't laughing. No way. Murl started talking about his moronic time, but I've talked into any of us. He told a tenacene, the song is about the transformative power of love. And that's what it always meant to me. And that's what it always meant to the Cash Tillins. Killgore said it was not as intense. He said it was not as intense. We said the family. We said the family. We don't really care. We don't care who we upset quite frankly. Well, we could go ahead and care. No, we'd know. Maybe you do. I don't. There are people who are upset. Have a great life. You're lost. Anyway, so they big an ounce no one will come to the day. I want everybody keeps talking John Dean. It must be something's a little bit about that. It's very hard. How are Dean is going to announce that he's not going to be campaigning no more. His nails still be on a ballot because the ego trip is still there. But he's not going to be campaigning no more. He's going to be suspending his campaigning activities. And at least any won't be facing these poor and suspecting bastards for more money to continue his futile and embarrassing campaign. After a dismal, distant third place showing him Wisconsin last night, final telly. Carry head 40%. That's your next president, John Kerry. John Edwards, United Vice President at 34%. And how are Dean at 18%. And then we were all night long. While Kerry Edwards were battling neck and neck nose to nose back and forth, sign by eight, there was Dean at the distant third, all night long, stuck at least his consistent with 18%. They looked at that meat's tight wife. As they said, are you kidding me? We won't even let her near the White House much less in it. So Dean's going to be holding an event. They're calling it an event. And his burnington Vermont home on a clock this afternoon will be on. We'll carry it, of course. Won't wait. You bet. He's going to keep his name on a ballot, but he ain't the campaign in no mole. So I guess we've had our last opportunity to see the, I have a screen speech live in the person. They will come out and give it one last shot. Where is that? He'll be back. For all time sake. Hey, for all time sake, we got Dean fondus, boobies on our website. I looked carefully at barred misfudges magnifying glass there. Now look very carefully to see if I could find John Kerry anywhere in between the boobies. And between the nips in the background somewhere couldn't find no sign of John Kerry. So he's on the other side. I was at it on the other side. Of course it is clear. It's good. See, let's take a look at the results from yesterday's poll. We had the staggering response. And wait till he take a look at Jane fondus boobies today. We'll probably be going to a bigger response. Because that's what they want to see as nips in boobies. Oh, sorry. I said about that, Michael. Michael Powell probably monitoring right now. 1871 votes. We asked yesterday. Which of these applies to you? I voted for Gordon 2000. I vote for Kerry this time 112.59%. I voted for Bush in 2000 and will again, 238.6%. The little over 12.5% voted for Bush last time. I'm going to make the same bad mistake again this time. And we really regret that. Big time. I didn't vote in 2000, but I will in 2,499. We didn't ask those people how they're going to vote, but they would have taken all of this fence away, right? Right. Got to leave something hanging. You know? I voted for Bush in 2000, but this time I'll vote for Kerry 115. That's 6.1%. I'm too stupid to vote. 110. I want to give you a kiss right on the lips. 110.5.8%. So I'm too stupid to vote. I voted for Nader, but this time Kerry 56. That's another 3%. Follow me, miss. Yep. I'm not in the month. I voted in 2000, but I won't vote this year 29. I'm not old enough to vote 14 punks. I voted for Nader, but this time for Bush only 8 out of 1875. A staggering total on there now. I hate good all the numbers. You know, I hate running down these list. Yeah, well, these damn numbers. But once a day we'll do it. And of course Friday, 155 will be the deadline for our hot couple's content. Right. Who's going to win those trips to Jamaica or the Bahamas, man? By the way, anybody noticed that the Haitians are still revolting? Yeah, what other it is. Does anyone care? Monica and Brian are leaving the way. How many votes have we got? I'm this turkey. 4241. Holy crap. That's when we put this up yesterday morning at 10. Or I mean Monday morning at 10. Whatever it was. Yeah. So in other words, in two days we were averaging 2,000 votes today. We could have over 10,000 votes on this sucker. Is that incredible or what? 4241 votes. How many of you think are real? About 30 minutes. Anyway, we don't care. Whatever you think are accomplished. Good luck to you. That's we can't control it. Monica and Brian, 820. Sarah and Sean, 600. I'm not going to read them all. Carmen and Carlos, 560. 560 QAM. We'd like them more already. 4th place, Jessica and Jeffrey, 451. They still got a shot. Karen and Joe, 246. Jiselle and Rick, 241. Erin and Brandon, 201. Jessica and Henry, 179. I'm just going to do the ones with over 100. Carmen and Danny, 137. Dhamma and Garvey. The Vita. Okay. And her, the Garb, one of her name is 102. And that's it. Nobody else has 100. So that's the way that the LN right now. And you can go on your rages. Comment, vote on our hot couples contest. Vote on our poll, which we're going to be building today. Oh, not one of those. I mean, done this before. I don't think we ever had it as general as this. You know what I mean? We did movie stars. We did stuff like that. We did jock. We did everything. jock. Yeah. Every time I heard that spot, I think of where Lewis says, I did jock. I did jock. I did everything. Last night, by the way, 930, one of the most embarrassing live moments in TV history, I would say is, well, Float's Creek and Larry got there. They all were getting their wires and signals crossed on CNN. And while Wolf Float's Creek was sitting there breathlessly promoting his 10 o'clock hour with the final results coming up. And we had this Nick and Nick nose to nose, carry in the Edwards battle going on. On the bottom of the screen, somebody accidentally put up the, you know how they had to check mark when they declare winner right. And even though at that time, carry was a couple of votes behind. Carry wins in the, and they put another little thing under for like a half a second to lay full of a wolf thing. Well, it's much too close. It's going to be a tense battle Larry. I'm about to, and then we go back to Larry who says, well, we're going to go right back to you Wolf because I understand you got some new information. And we go back to Wolf Wolf. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, and then we go back to Larry and he says, well, maybe, and then it's just it was an abortion. It was great. I love it. I bet you Ted Turner's ass turned like a ring of fire red. Speaking of Ted Turner, Jane Fond is naked on our website today. Boobies and nips as she's son or self in that county pink O'Hatz son, as she's preparing to burn and hell. Here's our poll today. Who is her was the hottest female celebrity of all time? I mean, that covers a lot of territory, right? Yeah, I'm laughing. Dr. Judy D. My qualify. Who is her was the hottest female celebrity of all time? I got a short list here. Britney Spears, Maryland Monroe, Liz Taylor, Jane Fonda, Halle Berry and Janet Jackson, put those three on her because those three have been almost naked on our website, right? Right. And they're in the news. And it's timely. Yeah. I mean, Boobies are back. Boob's are back in for a while. They're always like, well, since since your girlfriend there from gay watch, O'Beyam, Pam Annison, shorts, whatever, however, she made it on eight boobs. She's, she's the one to kind of turn to America all on boobies because most of me stuck up in and in a scorch court, just everything came oozing out. Yeah. Britney Spears, Maryland Monroe, Liz Taylor, Jane Fonda, Halle Berry, Janet Jackson. Some sure we'll get some suggestions for this poll today as we've built it. Got some dead people from our guy out there who does the dead stuff. Oh, and also speaking of Boob, D.L. Oh, yeah. I'm going to mention that obnoxious, a New York stereotypical asshole that was on, I'm in St. Louis, that's somebody watching. Oh, I'm in St. Louis. Like some people say about this show. It's like watching a train wreck. I mean, he's just, I can't get over that show. Just, though, I become fixated now. I don't know. I'm so obsessed with the idea that this dottering old dead man in the chair is still sitting here. And this morning he had on dick cabinet. So they were like two dead man in the chair. And cable was in coherty was mumbling in coherty and it's right in. It was great. Anyway, this boat, D.L. they're always dragging him out. He's a former New York cop in my PD cop. I looked on his, so I looked him up on a web. And a phone's interesting comment. And we were so kissing his ass. This is back when the sniper thing was going on in DC. I see. Somebody writes the situation with the sniper on the loose is the, and the Washington DC area is pretty scary. What really frightens me, though, is the jump that's coming out of Poe Diedles mouth. MSNBC is using Diedle a lot during the saga. He's got some interesting things to say. Like his recommendations. I'm closing down highways and having a lot of police amount. He says somebody is scary stuff, though. Last night on location with Ashley Vanfield, he declared it was time to start giving up some civil liberties. And we need to stop and search every car. Just moments ago, he told us he didn't care if it was illegal search or not. If we find a gun, we have our sniper. Mr. Diedle, the sniper is a pretty minor threat. The odds have been hit by the sniper are so far less than the 10, and 250 million in the US. The threat of having my civil liberties strip by boobs like you as far greater. I'd expect that a former police officer like yourself would be able not to panic and throw out the rules that make our society possible in moments like this. I guess this illustrates to me the mindset of police officers. That to me is truly the frightening thing around here. And then after a couple of ass-looking comments on here, here's one from somebody in Florida, no less. It says quite possibly most Igman SOB ever to appear in I'mus, though Diedle. In fact, that was supposed to be yesterday, so it must have seen yesterday's performance. It's a beautiful thing. 10, 13, it's 5, 60, QAM. Why are you here, local? The XC's 5, 60, the XC's... The XC's on your spot! Back to you, AAM! Oh my god, your breath's so beautiful. I'm gonna stay complete. This is television. Now that's bad. Diana, looks like you're going to be going to jail for DUI. What if the cops say to you when he stops you? I'm sorry. Why? It's a day and a half. Your blood alcohol was pretty high. How did you feel the day after? You're probably gonna have a cellmate to think you're kind of cute. What are you thinking is gonna happen? I'm not. Diana, feast wrong. You can do it too. What are you gonna say the moment you get out of jail? I'm not. This has been a presentation of ABC News. Ten 18 is 5, 60, WQM happy Wednesday. To be a mad dog, I'll be along with two, the Humper 4 to 6, 30, another tough assignment for Hank. You're gonna have to follow your girl. Pant and previewing 6, 30, the Pans who's at the Red Hot Sabers were scoring goals in bunches. Seven o'clock tonight. Did I mention that Trevor Kid sucks? Uh, that'll be on QA, on AAM, 790. You got her, Coold's warm-up. At the 6, 30, then 7 o'clock on Waxy, 790. Hercans at UM Huskies, with Josh Dero. And our condolences to Joe Zagaki who's dead past the way so, uh, parents will be doing a basketball game. At K. Follows the Hockey Game, following all this? Yeah. At 10 o'clock in Joe and Mark overnight, and the new and improved know how it David did. Uh, so David, eight in the morning, Joe Rose, eight to 10, who's still ain't got paid after 9 or 10 weeks. She still hasn't got paid a dime because Greg is in hiding is usual. And a child. But here's the Howard Dean's story. After finally, after disappointing third place, showing him Wisconsin primary, Governor Dean Pantz has spent his presidential campaign today. He knows official told CNN, he will leave his name on a ballot, but the campaign as we have known him for the past 14 months will cease to exist. The campaign that started out with such tremendous promise I don't know if he did like in a, just sizzled out. He never even came close second anywhere. No. I mean, I think somewhere he came second, like in a van. Somewhere. But not close. No where is no how. No, uh, Malcolm. You know, he got a lot of people interested in excited. That's wonderful. We haven't credit for that. We will not give him credit for good eyesight when you take a look at the doctor Judy Dean. He's expected to make it in the hospital. What a clock this afternoon at Burlington Vermont, which we will carry briefly because he has a tendency to ramble on. And then, of course, they're all going out about the John Edwards with that strong second place finished last night. And all of this other crap, 40 to 34% he gave, uh, carry a run for his money. But what they're not talking about enough is the fact that in Wisconsin independence and Republicans can cross over and vote in the democratic court. Which of course makes a mockery the whole thing because, uh, those people aren't Democrats in the first place. Why should they be picking the democratic candidate and the answer is they shouldn't. Right. And most of the primary is like, for example, in two weeks, on super Tuesday, March number two, uh, most of those states don't have cross over voting. Or even cross dress or voting. So that didn't could be a possibility. Again, of course, among Democrats, carry wiped the floor with Edward Zaz. I'm not saying anything bad about John Edwards except that, like I'm a president when I agree with him, it's got to really be something that thing on his lip is very, it's disconcerting, you know? Yeah. And because that thing on his lip must be awfully heavy or disturbing to him. He kind of like almost like John Cretchen talks out of the side. Once side of his mouth, he's like a southern John Cretchen. If you catch my, who's that? Where? Here are some debts to report. John might, oh, I'm by the way, read a hewer. If we can put that up there now, Eric, and so you can just go have a nice day. Because Josh, I'm sure, will be adding the thousands of names to our list about the hottest female celebrity of all time. Mojo says, we the hewerth hands down, how does brought ever? Hands down her pantaloneses. That's what Mojo says to let's get we the hewerth on there. We got it. We can put that baby right up for, because I'm sure that I voted for Brittany. Yeah, other video is just on his better fact. Go. It's still on during the daytime. Can you believe it? You would have called Michael, uh, towel about that and let him know. What do you want me to call him? An asshole? Jan minor died. Here's our last death set of report list from our fancere today. Now you probably say who the hell is Jan minor? Well, I'm going to help you in my head, my sir. Stage actress forever known as Mads Demenic here is to the com all of this watching Liquid commercials where she talked about the soaps of gentleness and filter customers the hands were soaking in it. You're soaking in it and now she's floating in it. She played the park for 27 excruciating years and in addition to her busy film and stage career, she died February 15, the hospital in Beth, how Connecticut she was 86. Joven are really, respawn actor who made a career out of playing mobster and films like analise this, analise that, shallow hell, Mickey blue eyes, mafia and mobster. And who reprised his singer, first son and the recent spot for staples which first had during the Super Bowl on the baby for his death. How do you like that? It aired on the baby for his death. I've been telling you, son Janet, it's a movie. That's what put him over the edge. He died February 2nd in Las Vegas. He had a hard problem at 62. He probably was in his room watching that thing and that was it. Charlie Fox. All the sports nerds, no Charlie Fox. Facebook manager was voted manager the year in 71 after leading the San Francisco Giants to a 92 record, managed the team from 70 to 74 and later served the general manager for the Montreal Expose died February 16 at a hospital in Palabar, California of the Monothea, 82 and Michael Moran. Remember him? Hope? I think he was kin to Ian Moran, he used to play for the penguins. For major character actor, it's supporting roles in such films as Scarface 9 and Half Weeks, both buses, two flex lives, a perfect murder sleeper city by the sea and catch me if you can, who had guest appearances in numerous TV shows including Matt Lock, Law Order and the Cosby Mysteries. What the hell is that to Cosby Mysteries? Don't ask. Well, you don't want to know. Okay, no, I feel Cosby had anything to do with it. I don't want to know. It's he gives me the willy beyond imagination. And who may be more familiar as the German banker in Pilsbury, Toaster's Dirtle commercials, which he played for seven years, died February 11th in the New York City Hospital after Bremelnus at age 59. He was the German banker in the Pilsbury Toaster's Dirtle commercials. He probably also was the guy who stood poke the Pilsbury Doboy in the public. Remember that? Yeah. The Doboy. We'll kickle this like that. He would stick his finger in his puppet and the Pilsbury Doboy would let it let it like a little diggle, a little bit of a shrive. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We want to build an impressive list on our pull here of at least 20, 30,000 names. Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time? We're going to call on your man. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. That was great. I love this. We always get off to a really big start. It just took me a good check-up. Now, I'm serious. It always gives me the impetus to keep going for the next four hours. That was beautiful. Beautiful. Thank you so much, sir. The phones are just smoking off the hook with names of hot female celebrities. We've never done this one before. We did movie actresses. This encompasses everybody. Celebrity. Anybody famous. Anybody flame of famous. There they go. They're going to be a little bit slow. WQA and Hello. Fuck you. And back at you. WQA and Hello. WQA and Hello. They're going to be on the 12 people. QAM. Like I said, they're a little bit on the slow side today. They're a little bit surely. They'll have it a year. Maybe these are the Dean people. Now they're taking a kind of talk. Don't take it so hard. Okay. He still has his moment in the sunshine. WQA and Hello. QAM. WQA and Hello. QAM. You're sir. Yeah. WQA and Hello. Who? WQA and Hello. Beverly Danzelo. Yeah. Who's that? Who's she was in. She played the wife and those. Chevy Chase. National shampoo. Oh, okay. Beverly Danzelo got it. We got it. I have you know who that was? Absolutely. She's been in the military movies. I'm not saying I know who she is now that he told me. But I mean, would you have all five of said that name would he said. Oh, and she was in those Chevy Chase movies. Yeah. Well good for you. WQA and Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes sir. Kim Basinger. Alright. Absolutely. Good choice. Excellent choice. Thank you, Pally. Love you, buddy. And have a great day. See now we're starting to took a little while. A little bit slower. Are we going to play this game now? Uncle Neo is just the game. Or are we going to start reading a whole bunch of stuff and leave us all hanging? I'll do whatever it had I want. How do you like that? Oh. I'll do it. I'll play it by ears. The way it goes. That's where it works on this show. Play it by ear. 26. Pack. Test 10. I got some votes coming in there. Maryland, Monroe. Finally. We got that thing going. We got it up. Maryland usually has that effect. Seven for Maryland. Three for Brittany Spears. I'm going to say something you're not going to like. And a lot of people won't like. I thought Maryland, Monroe for me. Facial standpoint was highly overrated. Oh, I agree. I mean, you know, the body and the sexiness and all of that stuff fine. But I think that her face was. Yeah. She was a doctor Judy Dean. A beauty beauty alone stand point right. It was not all. She had a mole. Yeah. Well, moles can be attracted. She had that mole. But she had known to and week. Because she had a low mole. After the activities got her. I mean, after she died. Well, yeah. 27 past 10 at 5 60 WCM. Last time we looked at the guy. She took a look at that thing. And he said, holy crap. This thing is as useless as time. Dreck. We're talking of course about your paycheck. That teeny tiny embarrassing checking it every week or two. If you want to change that, get yourself a real career. And some skills that will enable you to get a big fat paycheck. And a real life that goes with having it. Call our friends at fast train. Call 1-8-6-6 fast train because in just four short months, you can have yourself a new high-paying computer career. The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy. Like Todd Rex knows, pick up the phone and call toll-free 1-8-6-6 fast train. With seven locations, they've bond with your campus nearby where you live. Fast train offers you job placement. Financial assistance for people who qualify. And think that in weekend classes, no excuses to say that they'd end job. No, no. So don't forget, if you're registered right now as in today, you'd never have a great career. And a big fat paycheck to go along with it in just four short months. Check them out on the web. Fast train.com. And then make that toll-free call that could change your life. Be sure when you call to mention that Todd Rex told you to call 1-8-6-6 fast train. Fast train. Fast train. Fast train. We're supposed to really owe five six four. Two AM. This press conference. To allow me to offer two of these to speak out. Not with regard to legal issues that face Michael Jackson personally. But to lash out at my sister Janet's terrible behavior at last Sunday's Super Bowl. I am as offended as the rest of you regarding her book showing activity during halftime. I am even more upset that I met work that such a sickening display get on the air. Women are disgusting, especially naked women. People believe that she was actually wearing a pastry when Justin Timberlake tore off her clothing. Who is simply not true? I am here to say, for the very first time on the Public Air Week that my sister Janet Jackson actually has a metallic right nipple. The fact remains that all of us in the Jackson clan are actually space aliens. We came here to Earth to study your species. You are a bold and complex people on this planet. I am very sorry. I am not able to address any questions from the press, especially. I have to return to my spaceship with my Wonder Monkey Greek. Thank you very much. Come on, Greek. Come on, Greek. Come on, Greek. 1032 at 560 at every QAM. Yeah, they came to Earth to unlawsture children. If the priest can't do it, Michael might as well. Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time? Let's take 40 or 50,000 calls and get that list built. Merlin Monroe is at a Britney Spears. I find that ludicrous. What is it about? Huh? We have an old crowd. What does it have to do with your age? I am an old far too, but I can see. I can sniff. I can smell. I can see it. She's grandmother did not buy those people. I see. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I am a guingle. Oh, and what we do is the hottest male celebrity. We can put on scondry. All right. Talking about old farce, for money, guingle. You don't even know who that is. No, I've heard you mention it. You don't want to know. Whatever it is. She was only about 150 years old. She used to be on my pantomime quiz 100 years ago. WQM. Hello. Fuck you. How to control to the air thing. Oh, yeah. Just out of control. That could have been our friend could have. No. That was a different friend. Let's see. Here's what it says. If she is now she probably will be the hottest female celebrity all the time. Charlize Daran. Charlize Daran. We have no problem with that. You look pretty then. Go to the Grammys. I'll tell you that. She looked just fine. She doesn't have a bad side. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. And you left off the best of the speed of the ramp. So feel around. If we put them all on, they're done. What would you guys do? Oh, she's right. The best man. And you know what she's still a good. Still a good. Yeah. Exactly. Okay. You got to pay me. Have a great year. You ready? Welcome. They're not. 560, 560. I got a whole bunch of stuff. I want to get into here. But I think we started with about 600. Right? Like a name's built on it list. Because we don't want all. Look at Merlin. We're 22 Britney Spears 9. Halle Berry 7. Read a Hayworth 4. Come on now. Take a look at Britney and Ed video. And at toxic video. Just take a look at that. I even have an old fan like me. Can tell that's something really, really special right there. Yeah. Merlin Monroe couldn't hold a candle door. But you'd like to watch. Okay. One day we'll do the. We already did. I guess the, um, lesbian fantasy thing. We'll do that again. We'll do a full on that. Brickly and Merlin Monroe. Okay. WQM. Hello. Does the person we nominated have to be over 18? Has to be a celebrity. Yeah. But maybe. Not necessarily. Well, all depends on how embarrassed you are. I mean, you know. Well, let me say quick before someone recognize my voice. To lay. Hillary Duff. Hillary Duff was at. Oh, please. Who is it? You don't, she liked the next Britney Spears. Did you over here Hillary Duff to her? Sure. Do you have? Yeah. She's killing. Is she a singer? Yes. She liked to be a singer. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Well, how old is she about 10? She's 16. Oh, that's fine. No problem. And this is only for fun. Okay. And I'm retracing the call by the way. Have a great day. Okay. Now, Hillary Duff. Yeah. She's one of these. She's like the old since when she does a little of this. Oh, yeah. Yeah. See you step on dark. dark. This instant. Hillary Duff. Of course, this show. How shove your dying. I mean, what do I know about that? You're not this anything. Oh, but you. QG. Yeah. See that guy. I see when when Brittany was 17, there was no, there wasn't one head or sexual male out there that had any crimes about it. They wanted her bad. Right. They didn't fact. They didn't even go out and then, uh, totally up the cash for the fully ID. Just to cover their ass and hers to. I would have done her in front of the data. Covered her ass. You know, that expression about when horses made and he's covering the mirror. W QA and hello. Hey, how about any Lamar? Hey, Lamar was pretty special 100 years ago, right? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Thanks. You got it. Did he say, but he's a little bit. He Lamar. Now, you're going to spell these wrong. Because I know this verbally dangerous. Well, doesn't have like an apostrophe in it. Isn't your name like, like, like, you're on the end of your from Ha D? Apostrophe. K&K. K&K. Right. Well, I mean, you're leaving Josh to do it. How to, how would he know? Who the hell is that? Radio. We don't have to spell. Let's spell him right. Okay. He'll Lamar. If you don't spell, he'll Lamar right. How is it? Is it got two D's or one? One. W QA, I'm hello. Hi, no. Yeah, sir. Who is it? J.C. Oh, James C.Morr. Okay. She was on the CBN show for about ten minutes, right? She's not scolony or she anywhere. 10 or the X-wife. James C.Morr. Now, she's like, like, chocolate, right? Excuse me? Would you say, Jane C.Morr isn't she like, mocha? White is the driven snow. No, come on. Who am I thinking of? That used to be on at Morning Show. I don't know. There was some other broad. Well, maybe with a similar name on this. He has a more on show. Who is D.C.Morr? What does she do? Dr. Quinn, that is in woman. For, that is her latest thing. But she's been in a million movies. She wasn't on the CBN's morning show. That's an I know it. Okay. She was the most, somebody with a very similar name. Who is a little bit on the light chocolate side? This is great. You have some idea. Because I don't watch any of that. I'm sorry. Dr. Quinn, medicine woman, you watch that. No. It's on the previews every time. Quinn, medicine woman. Greatie Quinn, medicine man. By the way, still have those pictures of Brady Quinn. Wait, what? Don't be so good. That's on me. Rain. You probably even watched, sure. What's it? Angle for Christy. Yeah, right. It's on the shirt. He wrote with Angela Lane. That's what I was thinking of. With the 400 year old Angela Lane's very. Just because of the updated. You remember, Sam and Delilah? They're right over the light. Like Delilah. I remember the old. You remember the famous. You remember the job owner of an ass? It was she was the job owner of an ass. lately. Tell me you didn't see the Sam's movie. No. WQM. Hello. I knew. Yes sir. Beyond saying no. Beyond saying no. Well, I know it wouldn't take long. And we're looking at the side of her. We'll be in the NBA. I'll start game. I think it's a good team for blocking it out. Not. Beyonce, of course. Now, James C. Moore, you've got to be playing with my brain. Maybe there's a different James C. Moore. Is that possible? What were you talking about? There was a broad. He was out with. Not with Brian Cumble. You know, they've had 800 different machinations and versions in the variations on a morning short on CBS to try to get an audience with you. No, because I don't watch those shows. All right. Well, I'm going to during the break. I'm going to do a search on James C. Moore. I bet your life on it. All right. This is the bishop. We'll get to that eventually. The bishop says he thought he hit a rock. And Arizona. He thought he hit a big all rock. A little bit of his wife and her. We just smashed his middle reeds and the window. The windshield was on. He just hit a rock. Thump. Leaving the scene of an accident. A lot of priests have got more to add problems these days to which we can only say. Oh, actually, keep them coming. God's punishing them. Grave robbers. Punched drunks. Seves. Petophile. The phones. Liers. Try the wine. It's great. She was a doctor. Quinn, by the way. A bigger part. She had a James C. Moore was on Dr. Quinn. Wait a minute. That's not the question. I'm not asking that. I'm just wondering if the James C. Moore. I'm thinking I know this broads name of James C. Moore. But it can't lead a one from Dr. Quinn. He's a woman. Look up the name that Neil's thinking of in his head. On that. He showed that he also can't think of name. That's what you need to find on the internet. Right. Exactly. Just look up. Whatever Neil's in his head right now. It's actually probably was those pictures of Brady Quinn. He's a little. I don't know a little bit too pretty. I still see that. Hey, Brady. If he wouldn't be wearing all that lipstick. Maybe no to Dean. Maybe they like their pretty boys running around with lipstick. They're going to have that school. Is that's why I was just saying. Touchdown. Jesus. No to Dean. Maybe somebody like to touch him down. There. Jesus Christ. 21 to 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. Got a lot of heavy doings. The panthers at the Sabers tonight. Desperate and the Sabers of the school like 21 goals in the last three games. But the panthers at that. Any minute minor chance. Do they have a chance to play on? No. But they got to win tonight. And we'll have it for you. And one of our 15, 20, 30 different stations that we farm out all the games on. Hey, if you're thinking to buy a new car or truck. If you want to save yourself a whole potload of cash. And I invite you to visit Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. You're finding my US one just 20 minutes off of the 836. Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead's worth the drive because running. You go there. You can save yourself a thousand and thousands on brand new Toyota's. So why pay more someplace else. Check out these great prices waiting for you right now. An old for a Corolla load including air that you own for just 12 9 90. An old for a canry with air automatic and lots lots more just 16 9 90. You to truck how about an old for Toyota of 10 with the safest truck in the country from just 14 9 90. And when you buy your new vehicle. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead. You get a free sun pass. This was the first either anywhere in South Florida that gave you free tires and batteries for life. And guess what? They're still doing it. General manager David Richen is staff will do whatever it takes to put you in the new Toyota you want today. So experience the Armstrong Toyota of Homestead difference locally owned and operated. They're committed to making you a hundred percent satisfied. Their service department is open late week nights to late to make sure the service work is done and done right. You'll find him at US one in 2 93rd Street in Homestead. What's your name again to broaden? Timing this account. Jane Seymour. Jane Seymour is not doing much of a job with our friends at arm. In fact, when you go down they're talk to a fact David Richen say, you know, that product you and the James Seymour she don't know or ask from your elbow. You'll find him at US one in 2 93rd Street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes south of E36. So if you're sick and tired of those mega dealers over promise and under deliver, here's what you're to do called David Rich Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM at 305 24232 247 305 24232 47 mentioned Jane Seymour. He'll chuck a little bit. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead. The driver live on Sabre Brande a whole lot on that great new Toyota. This is for 205 6 2 2 a.m. This is our old coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. They came straight out of Cameroillo, California and then went straight into the way. They were life house. Born by child prodigy Jason Wayne, life house was, look how we do it on the research here people. I'm sorry I'm sorry there's nothing else on the official website. I'm trying all the links to the fan sites now. Nobody on the inside of the behind staff really wanted to deal with the sub gas man like the light house. So we kept putting it up. Let's be honest. We didn't do f*** all as a five minutes ago. How's it going, Charlton? We are so f***ing mister and out there. It's true. I'm going to do anything. Can you do something? Anytime I click on a fan site it's no longer available. I guess all the losers who like light house have finally moved on with their lives. Damn it. Man we're running out of time. I know I know. Hang on. There's an active fan site. Got a contact name. Can I say Aaron Mueller of Saint Louis on the air? No of course not. Just call information. Get a number. Hurry. Okay okay. Um. Stay Louis. Uh. Aaron Mueller. You're not recording, are you? Never mind. Give me the number. F***. F***. F***. F***. F***. F***. F***. Hello. Aaron Mueller. We're calling from inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music vibe of the profile story. We saw your lighthouse stand site. Oh. F***. Look. I keep meaning to delete that f***ing thing. Do not associate me with lighthouse. Please. I would like to get laid this millennium. Well, we tried. You were here. You heard. We tried. It's a big juicy shopping man like a show business tonight. I'm inside the behind. So who the hell is Jane Seymour? And you really don't think of it as Jane Clayson as that possible? Was she on the CBS Morning Show? I don't know who Jane Clayson is, so you'll have to tell me. But I don't see it either because I don't watch it show. I used to watch it a long, long time ago when Harry Smith and what's your name from CNN? Paula Zahn-Warrner. Okay. And I still haven't any numbers then. Then of course they tried what's his name. Bright, dumb ball, and that bomb. Nobody watches it. Now you told me that if Harry Smith is back on here again. Right. But the only thing Harry Smith does is that I'd like you to see Neh rate some of those biographies on any. Yes, he does. He's real good at that. They have the worst intro theme ever created for any of the Zahn-Warrner. That morning show that Harry Smith is on. I have never seen it. Oh, I mean not the new one. Yeah. Maybe it's Jane Clay. I don't know. Jane see more if she walked in here right now. I say, who'd have all of you? Demi Moore, as somebody says, whoever not Lee is doing something with Ashton Kutcher's a Vrlo Pat. Demi Moore. Why used to like her better when she was just Demi Moore? Didn't you? And then when she was really good. Hmm. What kind of people eat Demi Moore's? If the same people eat like spam, poor people. People are saying spam? Me. Like I'll go in the microwave since too. If a Gabor. Now, Eva Gabor has been spelled AVA. Eva Gardner was spelled AVA, but it wasn't Eva Gabor. EVA? I don't know. Hey, I don't look it up. Josh, I'm your and D.M.T. I'll bet George is life on her right now. You could be right. Eva Gabor. Let's see. Here's one says, right, kill. Well, and then I'll vote. My complaint says, P.S. Sophia Lorenz got Harry Pits. Oh, no. You know that? You can work with that one. Harry Pits. Everybody has Harry Pits. Let's say, she's. Well, also, she maybe doesn't shave. She's a child in that world. Ty and don't shave. How about Jane. How about Gina. How about Gina. All of Virginia. No one's going to say it. Huh? You can say it. I'll say it. Put her on there. She deserves to be on there. So does Jane Mansfield. That says we want to put some old E.M. Holdies on. Why? Sure. Jane Mansfield. Man, she had boobies to size of the Grand Canyon. I mean, the size of, no, that was something else. That was how we're in. I got. China senses called Mountain Love scenes. Speaking of pornography. 20 senses have cut love scenes from the movie. We're going to go to see and think of this. You didn't. You're going to go to Mountain. Before survival on the country screens in April, regulators said yesterday scenes excluded. We're not in the court with national conditions. Not in the court with Chinese tradition and not in court with Chinese customs. So the spokesman for the State Administration for broadcasting. Movie and TV Administration's book and conditioning of anonymity. Because of we knew his name. We realized that he's probably hit a blockbuster now. China's open its market gradually to foreign films under terms of its 2000 month, entry into the WTO, the World Trade Organization. And this year, we'll permit about 50 imported movies up from just 10 in 2002. But because China likes our rating system, sensors have a free hand to cut parts. They find offensive because of sex, nudity or political content. I'm flattering to the communist party. And we certainly know that those tanks over there aren't having no sex because there's only a billion of them. The Civil War effect called Mountain is received seven Oscar nominations, including based at a vector for Jude Law, as a Confederate disserter, cowboy, making his way home to whisper hard to quote. He's on a horse. As you can, when you see two seconds of a guy on a horse, what do you think? Cowboy movie. Western. Sure, right? You know, it could be Robin Hood movie. As they Confederate disserter make his way home to a sweetheart in a cold kidman and best-supporting actress Renee Zelberger, who we were talking about just yesterday as a tough Confederate woman. Because we were talking about that flick with George's two chief to go see. I'm going to go see it anyway. I don't care what you're going to do. And go see it anyway. We don't listen to these people. You might come back and see it's great by night. Yeah, something. Something. Something you've found. Who would have seen Seymour? Jane Kennedy is who you're thinking of. Oh, Jane Kennedy. And she's also like a little bit of a few movies. Yes, she's very light like a star. It's like a catfamoka latte. Right. She's very attractive to Jane Kennedy. X-Wife of Leonis, a Kennedy, unless they're still married. I don't see that. Seymour, Seymour Kennedy. That's what most people want to do is see more. And if you want to see more. And if you want to see more. And if you want to see more. Right there, I'll say. In fact, in normal, I thought she looked pretty good. In the air, I'm hot. Yeah, what you talking about. I mean, for not talking about politics and Hanoy Jane and all of this other crap, which quite frankly, she did have a good point. Yeah. Despite government restrictions, hundreds of domestic and foreign movies, no this in China, hundreds of domestic and foreign movies including many that we never proved for domestic release are readily available in China. And they're uncut versions. I'm proud of DVDs caught the influence of a buck of peace. Yeah. Oh. Heavy regulations kept China's theater industry small, where the annual box office taken in only a minute to 110 million bucks. So they're going around to their buying powered versions uncut, which is probably the only thing in China that's, I'm, whether or not I take it back. Everything in China is uncut. Pretty much. Don't believe me? I never thought about it. Probably. All right. 560, 560, pound 560, auto-18, and T and Verizon Wireless line. 111, Rose got 31. The hottest female celebrity of all time passed present future. What's that 10 year old grand-a-girlag I said? Surely temple. No, no, that, the one that I don't know who the hell she wants. Hillary, you a lot of these people. Hillary, duh, Hillary, get off your stuff. Was so you like better. Hillary or Duff? Think about it. Maryland, 1032, Britney Spears 18. I find I take that personally offensive. Kelly, Barry 14, Sophia, Loren 12, Kim Basingerton, Rita Hayward, Nate Liz Taylor's got five. You know something she never looked at good. Liz? No, she looked at good. No, where you're wrong. If you go back and see those old movies she made with Dick Burton, no, no. Who's afraid of Virginia Wolf and Ed? What? Those are her old movies. Those are her drug and white movies. Now keep going, life with father. Life with father? Sure. She lived with a priest. She was like a teenager. I see. And how much were the back to we want to go to that? Maybe when she's about like nine or nine or nine times a child. I'm trying to keep the child. I'm trying to keep the child. I'm trying to keep the child. I'm trying to keep the child. I'm trying to keep the child. George isn't like that stuff. Sure. Let's take our five Beyoncé for Jane Find for it. We'll particularly be in the low two. Vanessa Williams has got one. Janet Jackson, one Hillary Duff, one Jane. Seymour has got one. What about Jane Kennedy? She don't have any. See, I told you there was somebody on here with a similar name. Jane. What about the other? Who? Jane Kennedy. No, not yet. We got Grace Kelly. There has got one. Hey, Lamar. Tell me more. I've got a boy. Where can I wash? Sophia Vergara and the day man's going to have any. We're just building it. At the reason we don't have as many voices because a lot of people don't have their favorite honor yet. And if we would both shut up, we could put a lot more names on this list. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yes sir. Yes Sam. How are you doing? Pretty good. Jane Seymour is in Living Let Die. Oh yeah. Now I know who that is. Now I know who that is exactly. There you go. How about I know she's not hot now but farer thought than in her day. She was hot man. She wasn't. Especially when she was in that burning bed movie. She was close for a flaming. Okay. Thanks a lot pal. Have a great day. For us faucet. I thought she banged. I thought who she was banged. Wow. Really? No, no. Back in the day. Was it really a game? I don't know. Why don't you? You better get these things straight now man. Okay. You just are all over the place. I don't even know who half of these people are. And you know something. I'm proud of it. I'm delighted. It's like 10 year old little girl. What was your name? Duffer. Lazy. 560560 pound 560. So you called Duffa Little girl as I would you said. Shame on you. Although Duffa occasionally does cry like a little girl. Tell me to QM Hello. Hello. Hello. For me. Yes sir. Should I explain. Should I explain is it magnificent choice. All right. Oh, oh. Hi, I'm Tally. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. So yesterday I started telling about that July and August thing. And in this morning while I was shaving I started thinking of something even better than that. Do you know what the date is today? Yeah, I do. I have a calendar. You know, you know, before I get to that, Edward's didn't have a great line last night. Did you see that when he made his speech? No. And he said, like it says on your rear view mirror objects in the mirror. It might just be high to you. Maybe bigger than you think. Or what about it? How I say it's right. Closer than they appear. Closer than you think. It was a great line. Of course you got a right and I got a wrong because I don't I don't sit there reading the little thing on my mirror anymore. Anyway, what was I just going to say before that that was so very important. Jane see more. No, not about Jane see more. I thought about the date. You know, I guess me if I knew what the date was. Oh yeah. So this is the 18th of February. Now how many weeks vacation do I have before that whole scam? I mean that whole great thing in July and August starts. I got three weeks. Okay. And this is the 18th of February. Okay. How far is it to look for it to July? March, April, May, June, five months. Okay. Not long. No. I just mentioned I'm just rambling because that's what's on my mind. Okay. That's my day for doing as little as possible. That's our model here at QAM yeah. I'm teaching out well. Everybody else. Even Mo is catching on am I right? That's a little bit. 1056 at 560 or lazy station QAM. You know you're sports, 205. 62 and you weigh you. Fake story gasm's. I'm fake 4 points. Tonight on Action News, written these new CD. It might be a bit too much for your young team. Oh, that's tonight on Action News. It's 11.05 or 60 WCM and we got a potload of faxes here, man. We got a potload of pot. He's Kennedy, not C. Morris's this bank. I'm an eight-carbon-electrograde-eyes in Great Boobs. So, is he? That's the way he's already on it, right? Not yes. Oh, yeah, like I said, yeah. Uh, we're, I don't know. I thought we'd put her on there. Yes, he's got two votes. You got a pair. Grace Kelly, she's on there. How's Grace doing? Grace has got a pair. She got a dead pair. Oh, she was flawless. Grace, Kelly. And the idea of her, to me, Grace Kelly and that realized it was just in the movie. But her being paired with Jimmy Stewart would be, that, that to me is like Brittany and Justin Tickerbell, same thing. Uh-huh. Here's what it says. Shade. Okay, got it. I know you've got all of these because you're getting them first. I know you didn't know like her. Now, why is it said, don't you don't like her? I can't stand her. Not that I don't like her. She's up not just, she's a drunk, you know, you know, you're not like her. So Jack's a liquor, most of the time. I'm about to much lately. She's even, she's running away. In her day, if you were in the day, few more more beautiful than Elizabeth Taylor. She would get my voters the hottest away. All fine. You're trying to find it. It's good. Yes. Well, she's certainly the hottest, fang haggle of all time with all due respect to your good friend, Lund Samuel's. Catherine Zeta Jones has got one here. Sign Michael Douglas. Why did she, to see there's another one? I used to be, Danny Moore and then she became Demy Moore and I used to be Catherine Zeta. Jones, and now she's Catherine Zeta Jones. Maybe we were just all say it at wrong about whole while. No. Yeah, why used to work on Zeta for? Yeah. Oh, let's see, both Derek. Anyone who ever seen it will be tensioned out of time now voting for her of course. Says Howard Lusty, and then at Lund Jersey. Howard's in Jersey. Absolutely. Says I agree with you about I'm as he said, God willing, mum and I will fool her, run on and sell it a bunch of complete morons. But for some inexplicable reason, I have to listen to him for at least a few minutes each day. I would listen to him on radio. In fact, nobody does anywhere outside in the US. But the MSMBC thing, see, it's the visual thing that really hooks me. Watching him sitting there in the chair, snapping at gum, usually looking down, you know, like right, talking into his chest. Right, getting ready for the big dirt and the empty. It's bizarre. And then when he was under with cavip this morning, it was really something. How does female celebrity, how about Sharon Stone and what's wrong with Sharon Stone? Nothing. And we're as sharp as they're on. Then we put her on her, we she was nominated. Somebody said the lovely Charlize. Oh, don't tell you. There's she. She don't have any votes yet. She'll give lots of action and votes too. Rick says the one that gets my C. Alice working for more than four hours is Barbara Eden. He's like, open up the bottle and have her pop out. It says I will do her in a heartbeat. Barbara Eden, who's still alive, by the way. She's one of the few, you know, from those old from that old, from back in the day. Oh, so here's the latest on Howard Dean from the A&P. Divershopping A&P for years. How about in, well, forget about, I was going to say, workments. Howard Dean will end his presidential campaign, but over senior, how about lab laws? Well, over senior, if it's to keep his issues alive, it is to organize, how about Ralphs? And we have a democratic cause. It's two party officials said today. A lot of clock, it's only two hours away. Dean is going to announce his plans at a news conference. Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. The sources say the shape of the new effort is still to be determined, but that Dean will eventually support the Democratic Party's nominee. One official said Dean will help elect Democrats to Congress in the fall. Well, that's another important thing that I was talking about because if you have a Democratic president still is right, we in Congress, well, look at his ad. What kind of garbage is that? Dean was Molly Mutherdo in door one of his rivals. John Edwards has been reaching out to Dean for several weeks in the former Vermont Governor's been impressed with the senator and grateful that he hasn't criticized Dean still the officials coffin that chance for endorsement remained slim. Slim. So there you go. I want to talk to you right now. This doesn't even say anything. It's name I guess I'll still be on a biophygis, and I can do anything. He's just going to wait until the alias thus clears. Speaking of thus clearing Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, last night called for San Francisco to terminate its ongoing game marriage marathon, sorry Arnold can do to least Friday. California spoke on the issue of same sex marriage when they overwhelmingly approved California's law that defines marriage as being between the man and the woman he said. I support that law. I encourage San Francisco to discuss our same fan of officials who obey that law. It was the first time Schwarzenegger waited on the controversy since San Francisco's new mayor, last recorded city officials to list a ban on game marriages. They removed that openly defines the state's Prop 22. Schwarzenegger said he opposes game marriage but supports domestic partnership. He's got bigger first to fry. He's more or more rewarded about something else if I can find it here. Here it is. Arnold wants his stowies. Don't worry. California law strictly banned smoking in offices, bars, and restaurants. But Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, long time cigar smoker, has proposed converting the state's capital interior courtyard into a smoking plaza. Under the actor turned Governor's plan part of the Capitol's roof would be removed to create an area where legislators now the Sacramento Visitors could smoke. Governor's spokeswoman Terry Carbox finally at Mr. Schwarzenegger wants to create informal meeting and schmoozing area where he can smoke cigars with lawmakers and power brokers like those friends of his from Enron. It's a more positive environment where the can all be on an equal footing is opposed to everyone going to the governor's office where he behind his desk. The spokeswoman said, but, these cigar loving governor has to face the opposition of several anti-to-backo groups who accuse him of thwarting California's efforts to cut the back or use LSMFT lucky strike means find a back home. The arrest routes has been banned at California for almost a decade, and 1998 the van was extended to bars, and since the end of last year smoking has been prohibited anywhere within 20 feet of the public's buildings and entrances. That's very frightening that he would even think about smoking inside the heart of our state capitol said Jim Walker, director and founder of Stopped-to-backo abuse of miners Pronto, you know what that stands for? No, what? Stand! When it doubts, stamp it out. Stopped-to-backo abuse of miners Pronto. He could do more than by championing our cause rather than trivialize. He just wants to poke in pop on his smoking. Yes, oh, who does it? Right. Nothing like old smokey with a stoge. Judge Billy's ruling on game marriage judge delayed two different judges, met a fact delayed to live East Friday ruling a loser to block fan for death go from issuing same-sex marriage licenses. The ruling occurred during the first two-sex hearings yesterday. Another judge was scheduled to hear some of the also rule the same thing. This story is old. He liked that, it's from last night, but that's because it's time difference. So they're going to have to wait until I was all because of the first judge because of a semicolon in the way that they wrote their appeal. That's funny. That's what he said. He said, in this case the grammar means a lot and just plug out and set it all out there. Oh no, you can't do this. The Bible says this in Lord says, hey, yeah, it's screw. Too bad. Go get a life. Maryland, I'm row 38. Brittany's closing the gap. She's closing her gap. 29. Sophia Lorene 18, she's moving up rapidly. Howly, very 17. Rackel, well 16. Kim, basing her 12. Jane Kennedy don't have any yet. Read a hey, were they? Jane, fondest six, list Taylor six. Beyonce, five, Grace Kelly four. Beverly, Dan's low three. Jane, C. Moore's got three. Jane Kennedy don't have any yet. Jane, C. Moore three. Denny, Moore two. Sophia, Virgaro, two. Hillary, Duff, two. Two pedophile's out there. Howl, see you about 11. Right. After Williams' two, she and I had trained one. Janet Jackson got one and we've all seen it. Charlize Therons got only one. Oh, man. Jane, man, she's one of Jane Kennedy does have one. I don't like that, I told you. Ava Gabor, furer, faucet, Hiddilamar, Barbara Eden, Carmen Electra, Katherine Zee and Jones and Vodera Kevdung, another of the first hundred and seventy eight. But they will. Five, six, seven, oh, line nine is ringing. Two a and hello. Two a and. Two a and. Yes. I'm sorry. I'm calling for deal. Speaking. Deal. Hey, you got man. I got Natalie Wood. Natalie Wood, she's still floating on it by the way. Don't write. I love her. She can't wait. OK, thanks. I thought, where did he get him wood? She's still floating around. In fact, what was the brother died? Oh, I threw that away. I tore it up like I always do. The one I was in those palm-all of commercials. She said, hey, Natalie, you're floating in it. Oh, that's bad. That's bad. So, I, Natalie. In fact, just yesterday, I was reading a piece on the net about Natalie Wood in the real, the scandal I want really to have him, but it didn't really say anything. So anyway, yes, I said you a double picture of Liz Taylor and in doing so, boy, what a difference the booze makes. Talk about night and day as you go through the past. These galleries like there's a demarcation point where you can see where she discovered pills and booze. And it's like a totally different person. Jane's see more is most noted says this, fact, sir, for her role in the many series of Eden and the movie, somewhere in time, co-star and Christopher Reeve didn't see either one of them. And I just don't know Jane's see more. Alden, did he say she was living on that day? Yes, I know Jane's see more. Solitaire. I nominate Tyra Banks. If I had a second nominee, will I? Tyra Bankson. Tyra Bankson. Yeah, I think a person. Help. Oh, I did that the other day. Ellie may claim it. LS and FT lucky strike means a fine tobacco. Hey, listen, when you get really old and feeble, man, what do I know from L. I'm a first name. You're going to explain to me who she is? I don't care. Okay, I don't want to know who is she? Third bottle. She's been in movies too. Such as, uh, sirens with the whole bunch of other naked models too. New Hampshire built targets same sex mirrors. They don't want to waste any time in the Hampshire. Earlier, I am Massachusetts from public and legislators in New Hampshire are pushing a bill I was specifically prohibit recognition of same sex marriages performed in other states. The bill is being proposed partly in the action to recent developments in Massachusetts. About 350 people gathered at the New Hampshire State House yesterday to hear more than three hours of testimony on the bill. They're following at the mouth in New Hampshire. So many people showed up that the hearing had to be moved to the New Hampshire Hall of Representatives to accommodate the big, fraud and at the mouth crowd. Among those who testified against this bill was, Bishop V. Jean Robinson in New Hampshire, the first openly gay man like the Bishop of the Episcopal Church, who has himself been at the center of a divisive national debate over the rights of Gaze and Luzbeen's and other Fags, is the institution of marriage that prideful is to be threatened by the existence of loving to women elsewhere he asked and the answer of course is, sure, because the voice rate man, 50%. Yeah, you straight people are really good ones to talk about marriage. And the institution, which I try telling a lot of you, if you do get married you ought to be in an institution. You'll get there. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. There's a better chance that Jane Seymour is going to walk in right now. Oh, hi, Jane. 12 minutes after 11 if she did walk in, I still wouldn't know who she was. I mean, no, who, who, you know, one said, from the 11th of a tie. Yeah. But as far as what she looks like today and how they're hanging and what her whole on the, I just don't know. I don't care. Does that make me a bad person? Yes. Just an old buddy, Daddy. I want to be one thing. I voted for Britney Spears. Not Marilyn Monroe. I don't want to discover Britney Spears before George. All he knew was broccoli spears and he didn't like those either. No. Maybe the occasional spurs, spurs, spurs. Why wasn't it the kidding music at the time? What do you want to make his peace, Mel Reo van? It's my life. And whoa, this is for sure you'll find this. It's like a new way, yeah. Hey, buddy, have a heart or a liver. And now a message from physicist Stephen Hawking. So as more than you may have recently heard rumors about my life. He lay and feed in the up. These rumors are true. Look, Daisy, Ben, she has an earlier rice or a smell of scurped egg. Oh, oh, yeah. Where are you? Oh, she comes. Pretend like you are a glass room full of kids. And so students, today's lesson will be. Who are you talking to? He, I tell you, Charlotte. I'm glad you think I'm viewing you, right? Sorry, dear. It won't happen again. He's better than that professor. Or I'll show you the steps again. Oh, no. No, the steps. The last time she throws me the steps. I went down those things right to one hundred and slancy phones. Linky. You got that right. If I hear one more keyboard, it doesn't matter. And goes in this case, John, but she will be bad. David, what did I tell you? Where did I put my Tylenol PM in Jen? Roll one over here, sweetie, and give Mama some love in. Oh, sweet, Jesus, the woman as amensaceable, sick girl, appetite. If anyone is listening to my message, please help me, chief, some booze, and say, oh, don't you kick in of the seats who no cans help me. Let's get to it, my little motorized, George Muffin. Help me. Absolutely. 118, 5, 60. WCM, happy Wednesday, too. It's over. 155, we'll not say winners of our hot couple's contest. The votes are just pouring in. It's just amazing. We had over 40, 200 when we started this morning. I'm not going to look at it again. Are you? Don't look at it. That's not till tomorrow morning. Or maybe I'll take a peek at it tonight. And the vote total too. Jennifer, calmly, now we are ready to get in bad. We are so hung up on Jane, C. more in Jane, Kennedy, and that little 10 year old girl Hillary Duff. Jennifer, Colle, who is, I think, our first, wasn't she first or second, but I was right after her Janet Jackson's boobe. Jennifer, Colle, was our first nude celebrity in our website. We just went through our wedding now. We left her out, which is not a good idea in our part. Sorry, Jennifer. Please forgive us. We'll put about 10,000 more on it. And then we'll close it out. All right. Well, no, because a lot of people aren't going to vote until they find a one that they agree with on there. And then certainly not on there yet. All of them. Right. It's facts of Hillary Duff appreciate it, but I can't see a damn thing. Oh. When I never looked at those pictures of Liz Taylor, I'll do it during the next break. Don't let me forget. Okay. Cause I might eat and lunch it anyway. So I won't make any difference. I she just, oh, if he just turns me off, they say, these are the, uh, whoo, if you just makes me give me the willy, the creeps. She said, um, and she's one of those people just go away. Liz, okay. Go away. So I think it personal, as you want to, but just go away. I'll find some other old fart to screw and just get out of our face already. William. Yeah. Liz. She's, she's been dying for so many times. Oh, yeah. And it's just unbelievable already. The tabloids have had her dead about how many times. I've turned man. That's just his year. Heard her hit. Nobody QM. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hey, yeah. I got a couple of names for it. How about one? Okay. Uh, listen to me. I want to. Listen to me. I know. That's a good choice. See you stop right there. It was good. I stopped him. Cut him off of the patch. Very good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. On the AT and T. And Verizon. I think that's what to have it a Jennifer Conley in Reckland 2. They cut her off of the patch. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Anybody mentioned Jane, see more yet. All right. I was saying this is best quality year. Of course, I totally didn't even look firmware, but that was pretty good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He might have been serious. 5, 60 on the AT and T. By the way, something. Yeah, since I was just flipping and showing this passion of Christ business again, I'm not going to go see that. Normally, we're disgusted with a kind of product that Hollywood puts forward. What I find ironic is that Hollywood is done all through this thing. It's this thing. It's horrible stuff. I mean, encouraging. What are the ways to incest and disgusting things? There is a great one. There is a great one. It's a really nice. No. It was the last one. The only one. The only one. Gene Cisco. Well, that's right. I keep confusing them. I keep thinking about Roger Herbert Heaver. He was a reward association. That's right. Oh. I beg your pardon? Oh, I'm sorry. An earlier round Republican appointee is called references to sexual orientation discrimination Speaking of that. Often agency in an outside where I'm going to read again. A newly arrived Republican appointee is called references to sexual orientation discrimination. Often agency in an outside where government employees can learn about their rights in the workplace. I mean, you talk about a magnificent obsession. The web pages of the office of Special Council Independent Agency was missioned to protect whistleblowers. Part of the expression and other federal employees from our commission is removed references to sexual orientation from a discrimination complaint form, training slides, a brochure titled Your Wights as a federal employee, and other documents. Scott J. Block, the agency head, said he or his property a blockhead, said he ordered a material move because of uncertainty over whether a provision of civil service law applies to federal workers who claim on for treatment because they're gayed by sexual law. Head of a sexual. It is wrong for me as a federal government official. I understand my jurisdiction be about what Congress gives me in actual interpretation of the statutes. He said he took the references to sexual and Tory orientation by soft agency website because he wasn't clear about the office's policy and legal interpretation of that provision. The audience and full of crap. Try to sneak it off of there. You know, before there was a find it. Oh, oh, no. Oh, no. Who that is? That's Michael Medved. He's that right wing fascist piece of crap. He's so far to the right. He makes Bush like a flaming liberal. I got freaking medved. You haven't seen him? Yeah, but I thought he was just another guy. Oh, my god. I think it's a nice string. And he's one of those people. He'd probably like to miss five to the, you know, he's a film critic and radio host and right wing asshole Michael Medved and a missing screamer. Which by the way was more anti-submitted. He made him make some his horror camera. Look like Hercules. I'm sorry, Jack. Escalerado kicker says she was raped. Now this story, I know everybody knows about this story, but it's just so disturbing to me, especially when I see that red neck, Yahoo coach. Oh, yeah. Call about her. Oh, she's hooked. So she deserved it. Yeah, she sucked the teammates in a handle, confidence, air girl football coach, Gary Barnett and Colorado. You can play football and you're really great. Crude kids by Brigadier men and playing with Boozen sex. And of course, what's wrong with that? What's not to like, right? They're bringing him high school kids. Hey, come to Colorado man. Get laid and you get the off your ass every day. I love Boozen sex. The why do you save it for the kids? A female place kicker says she was raped by a teammate at the University of Colorado four years ago, and did not tell police because she was too frightened. Another hit to the scandal played football program. Katie, how do you say her name? H N I D A. I don't know. L. Ellie. Katie Nita. Okay, he's the, mixed, I guess that's how he said. Next, the allegation of the net coming in the National Sports Illustrated. She should have stayed in the United States through the University of New Mexico, where she's a student. Now, since she was healing from the horror she endured a Colorado, the statement doesn't mention rape. She says she doesn't plan to price charges. Her statement, however, was intended to confirm the magazine accounts said New Mexico Athletics Postman Greg Remington attempts to locate the United States. The United States is the A and P. Never shot at La Blossom. Rose. How about Dominion? The president gets the half an urge neither to report the legs assault of the police, often also scheduled news conference, which you'll be missed. Nice obits of it. The allegation comes after three weeks of stunning allegations involving Colorado football program. Two weeks after three women of school in federal court say we were raped by a players or recruits, at or after an off-campus party in December 2001. The governor's urged the University to take action and independent panels been served to put together a report by April 30th. Thought occurred to me. Recruiting practices she left after the 1999 season of Colorado later rolling into Mexico last August. She said she was a target of sexual harassment when she was a Colorado. She said she was assaulted in the summer 2000 that the team made told me, starts to kiss me. She said, I told him, that's not okay. Next thing I know he's on top of me. I told him, no, I tried to push him off me, but he outwaved me by a hundred pounds. She said she finally was able to escape after the telephone rang. Ask why he didn't tell police she said she was afraid of the player and didn't want a medium mess. Notice that Tuesday she's been in contact with Colorado authorities, but did not expect the file charges at this time. Football coach Gary Barnett who last called night a distraction to our team and said that she sucked. Maybe he was telling the players that she sucked and that's why they were hanging out with her. Told the magazine and never heard she'd been sexually assaulted and returned calls. She can come. Well he's talking now like a real good old boy, Colorado. That's part of the whole job accuracy man. The whole part of this whole stupid ass dumb ass sexes, you know, crab. Yeah, and of course you got 20 hours of that a day right here on QM so what's not to like. I love all three of you. Who is you? I like meals pulled. Hey dad, what are you doing home? I'm downloading porn drinking beer in a chat room and violating myself. Well you can see here and feel the internet has never before. Go ahead, walk from home download the file status. So switch to Verizon for not much more than that. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. But be careful. This is a pretty powerful stuff. Oh my goodness. Well thanks to the internet, I'm now bored with sex. All right. Make progress every day. It's 11 30 at 5, 60 W. W. M. Happy Wednesday too. It may have come into 2 to the Humphrey. It's 4. We got panters and sabers tonight. Any interest net? No. Turbic hit sucks. Here's what it says. The hot couple's contest paid proves that it's the enlightened people are the ugly people. But that's it's what inside the concerts with Michael Tollis said it was in Michael Jackson. Is he saying that all the people are our website are ugly this time? That's a way. There's some nice looking people on there. You don't have any young models like we had last year, but I know it's good. This makes it a little more competitive. You would think, although I guess a couple of the couple of these pair and got more friends and anybody else, but that's the way it goes. But arrested the competitors go out and find some friends. Here's the guess if you're current pulled Diane Keaton. And you're right. I hate to admit, if I don't want to say it, you can say it. Elizabeth Taylor was stunning. Just it's a sad tale. What booze and pill say it will. She was stunning. She was stunning. She was stunning. She was stunning. She's such a pathetic, so neurotic. I don't like neurotic celebrities. They make me really nervous like lies in an elephant. I'll let them speak in a lies in an elephant. Judy Garland her mother, of course I did like. She was neurotic as they come. Every time you see her, you think she was going to have a nervous breakdown before the performance would end pills. And I mentioned I saw Judy Garland at the Palo Steader in New York in 1956. I was about 500 times I mentioned that. Yeah. But I saw it. And they both still did. Now this thing that you just, this is so sad. I mean we missed a show. What kind of an audience have we got? No one told us about this. Feeding the beast. The 24-hour news revolution was on Monday night on trio. Well I wouldn't have gotten it anyway. Do you have trio? You do? Yeah. I don't even know what trio is. It's three. Seriously, what is trio? Is it a movie channel? It's like, you know, it's like, like, like, mishmosh, weird artsy, artsy, special interest programming. It's like a catch all. Yeah. A cable kind of a channel. So it's hard to define obviously. I mean it's not on regular level. I mean it's not on regular level. I mean it's not on regular level. I mean it's not on regular level. I don't know. I don't know if I'll play a few more studios. I'll play three. There's the wins of autumn, which you don't care. That's a western by the way. It's not a civil war movie. Okay, so most time moment in feeding the beast a cracker Jack documentary on cable news that airs tonight mean Monday on trio, which nobody watches it. Is when CNN anchor Aaron Brown with that bad red PC wears, is asked about his vision of the future of broadcast news. You want big picture stuff. You gotta go to a guy who's got more time to deal with the big picture that I do brown replies early, because I'm up to my ankles or beyond in the small picture. And those two sentences feeding the beast captures the incredible brilliance of cable news. And the gating stupidity. No other form of journalism can match the immediacy and impact of the 24 hour news channels. And no other form can be as staggeringly dumb. Oh, you are. Absolutely correct. This is written by Glenn Garvin, a herald TV and movie in the whatever critic he is this week. Feeding the beast producer host Linda L.R.B. Remember her? Yes. She used to be an MSHBC back in the days when 10 people watched it. Captures the invaluable brilliance of cable news and the gating stupidity. No other form of journalism can match the immediacy and the impact. What does that? They repeated the sentence twice. Watching horrors that Chounder explodes live on CNN then look on it a very different kind of horrors. Kable reporters doing live stand-ups leads to the Supreme Court decisions. Looking for the ruling on the Bush Correlections they wonder a lot about what percure means anyway. Both a critique and has to be a cable news. Steating the beast outlined both its triumphs. They grunts eye view of the Iraq battlefield provided by embedded reporters. And its moments of mortification both journalistic, the international martyrdom of a Canadian baby bitten by a squirrel and personal. On the latter marvellous footage of a nervous Katie Kirk and her first-ever comparison 1980, doing a live report so strictly that CNN fired at the same day. The CNN brass might actually have broken into the report and forcefully dragged her off camera if they'd only known as she confesses and feeding the beast that she was suffering a catastrophic gastrointensial intestinal failure as she'd babbled about the national security council. Oh no, she pooped her pants. It says whatever you think about CNN Fox News in the rest there here to stay is that it will be notes 24 hour cable news is no longer just an American phenomenon. But international with all news channels spinging up everywhere from South Africa to Brazil each with its own distinctest style. One of them great Britain's live TV channel even has somebody in a giant bunny costume recording behind the anchor. Wouldn't you love to see him go one-on-one with Bill O'Reilly? Yeah, I'd like to see him stick it to Bill O'Reilly. But then little bunny numbers. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. Mr. Monday and on Trio. Anybody see me? Never even heard of him. Never even heard of Trio. There's a better chance that I'd know who Jane Seymour was than Trio. TOOP? Exactly. WCQ and hello. Hey, I used those sweet lips. I got one for you for your poll and you gave me what? Shirley Booth. Shirley Booth. There she is. Well, I surely Booth that member is an adult. I don't think I ever saw Shirley Booth as a child. I'm very hot what she was a child. Very hot. Okay. Thank you. I'll surely go with that. What was she in that I'm thinking of what she was about like she played the maid or something in the nanny? I don't know. You don't know? Same before my time. No, TV show. What Shirley Booth? Come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I think it was Jane Kennedy. WQAM? Uh, speaking. Hey, what about I can't watch? Do we get her on there? I thought we did. Yeah. Yeah. She's in third place. She's got 24 pound but thanks anyway. See I should be giving updates and I'm busy batlin' about the crap. About shows that we miss because we don't get the channel and nobody told us anyway. And the reason nobody told us is because they don't know the channel. A little. Hazel. Right. Shirley Booth. Thank you. Did you give us some eternity? Book a bride. Oh, I bet I would. What a graver stop sending us stuff that we've had for a month. These people from Buffalo, man. What? Oh, is that his excuse? Hey, he's from Buffalo. He raises the bowling socks too tight. Now it all adds up. On his head. Oh, maybe that ponytail. Or maybe he's been yanking it a little bit too much in the ponytail too. Yeah. What a graver sent us a thing that we've had on the George W. bush, the actor figure. The action figure there, which is one of the neatest things we got on there. When you punch all little buttons and he goes, like that. And what he grab it is the same thing. That's what he said. See if you people would take your time to go on the arraggies.com. Those of you have the PC or go to the internet cafe. Like we talked about yesterday. Then you discover what we've got. And he wouldn't waste the fast paper in your energy even though your intentions are Good Woody would a lot of stuff that's old and passing out. See what I'm saying, Woody. Kind of like you Woody, old and pass day. But we love you anyway. But you're old and passing. Like me. Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time? Okay, here's the latest. We got 210 vote. They're starting to get on there. They're starting to find somebody they like. Merlin, number of 57, but he's burst 37. I'm going to say it again. There's no comparison. No. Rack Hell works 24. So feel around 22. Hallies varies. She's got 22. If you missed Hallies varies yesterday. Now do we still have on a features page? Can they go back and see the, we were going to just like make a gallery. Start building a gallery. That's where those pictures were. Oh, there are no there. Come on. Nope. Tim, based you're 16 Charlize Therron. I call this. He'd be moving up 13 and Jane Fonda 13. You can see Jane in the main on the plane with her movie. Hang on out. She's selling herself on our website today. Read a hey worth 12. Liz Taylor 7, Beyonce, Noel 7, Carmen Lector 6, Hillary's Duff 6. See now if I was to say, you know the show 7. Yes. I'm aware of it. But if father's a minister and a bill's on that show. How are you and so I'm aware of it? Okay. Now the guy who plays the young cop. To me, I would say he, huh? I'm never actually watched the show. I'm just a, I didn't either. I just see a little bit of little. It's a little bit. It's a little bit. I'm not saying. I had a play the young cop. There's a lot of very good people on that show. I'll tell you or female in between. But the young son is really cute. And now he's got to be like 17 18. I don't know. But if I were to say that on the ear that I thought that could was really cute, that would be, oh my god. Yeah, right. The word we're coming to an end. But these is heterosexual guys that are moving about Hillary Dough, who just turned five. See, that's a different story. We got a different set of standards. And as long as you remember that, you'll be just fine. Okay. As long as our glue step in line. The right. But I still think he's pretty cute. Although the cop I would take him first. Man. Holy Toledo. Can't friends eat a young six. Boy, Derek six, race, Kelly five. Jane Kennedy's got five. See, I told ya. Ferris Fossett five. Tara Branks five. Natalie Wood five. Beverly Daneslow four. The me more four. Sophia Vergara four. Jennifer Connelly four. Jane see more three. How do you like that? Jane Kennedy's got five. And Jane see more. She's got three. Huh. Yeah. She and I are twins. Got three. She should be doing better. Net barber Eden three. El McPherson three. I listed up Milano three. So many. I don't have any yet. Vanessa Williams two. Jane a little abridgeter one. Janet Jackson one. Jane Mansfield one. And Diane Keaton has got one, Buster. No votes yet for Eva Gabor. Penny Lamar. Surely both or Sharon Stone out of three nineteen. Surely. Well, surely both. Well, it was a whole week. Even tonight. She's like an old lady. She said a guy's a little. You know, or maybe he just likes old flicks from 100 years ago. old bags or old bags. That could be it. There's a lot of guys that like old bags. You'd be amazed. I guess I would. It's 202 known at five 60 WQM. Hey, speaking of a boxer round on it when it comes to a mattress. America's leading brand is silly. Make no mistake about it. The silly posture painting line is world famous for comfort and durability. I mentioned today that Trevor kids sucks by the way. He blows. He can stop a bowling ball from 100 yards. A rolled by a five year old child. If you want rock bottom prices on the entire line of a brand is silly. Pots your Patex every day. The year not just some 41 times sale. Pick up the phone and call 1 800 mattress because that's the number to get you in touch with our good post personal friends at dial a mattress. They'd be the best dial a mattress carries the complete line of silly. Another even easier to care for than before because see these new line of posture. Patex are just like to be seen ever have to be flipped or rotated. Sometimes they purchase rotate but that's about it. Just have them set up a for your own joy years of comfort. These guys are constructed to provide optimal comfort on the sinking service. Any will last you for years for a coupons age. Just call 1 800 mattress now and speak with an expert bed and consultant who really knows what they're talking about. Enjoy the service ranked the best in the world for overall customer satisfaction. With low prices. Same day delivery. Free setup and removal. It's easy for even a more on the see why dial a mattress is ranked number one. That's a good in customer satisfaction. Enjoy great night's sleep tonight and for years to come with a new silly post your feeding from dial a mattress. I haven't given my mattresses for them for years and now even everybody else in a station is jumping on the band by the clean George Boca Brian, the lovely Miguel and the anxious fat boy. Call 1 800 mattresses. All you have to do is not get on your door no time at all when it's convenient for you. 1 800 mATT RES or check them out online at mattress.com 5 800 mATT RES or your stop to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to a way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the path in the way and this walk. In this trick on the way to the way from the way to the way to the way of the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the way to the wayقط the way to the way to the way to the way to the right. We just repeated the way to the way to make a couple's feet hurt again, so we did not need to move or hang over to the way to the way I name and Services cover as well. So he's sure he's a five-film-A-H-E-Fallish. Hmm. Yo, yeah. I could've done this guy lucky with their little wood chip, and it could not as all across the lower... Hmm. Then, uh, they'd love to do us his naked in the tub, and it just about rub myself, roar. I'm sure I'll address candidates that got you more pennies, who knows the next things will be showing. Don't mean the sounds of it better think of it. I had enough as someone who were upsharing, so... Yes! Oh! She got the film a Disney movie, and... She's not crazy. She's just been an experienced, so... I'm a person with test-osterone, someone who were upsharing, so... Who were upsharing, so... Really bold, we did her cause the order. Now we're having trouble catching it. And I just can't believe myself alone, someone who were upsharing, so... Sharing, so... Now I'm a sail for an eye for over here, and... Oh, wait, how was she? Not at what the story is, she's a public garage and its own, someone who were upsharing, so... Good luck, Sharing, so... She's 2713, till noon. Let's get to nude pitches, assure and still, and put them on, or what are you saying? Okay, how about no ones, of course? Do you got them? Sure, we're gonna put them on the wall. Find them. Hmm? Who are we gonna stick on there tomorrow? Who are we gonna stick? Sharingstone? Are we? Why not? Sharingstone naked on our website tomorrow. I mean, we don't want leave Jane Fond on there more than one day. The only reason we left Harry Berry's on her is because a lot of people are on holiday on Monday, and we didn't want them to miss Harry's berries. Because she's really big, and rightfully so. You think Dave Jess is was porked off? Hoop. For a former husband, I see. An arrogant piece of turd baseball player. How about any Cindy Crawford dealer? That sounds like a good idea. How about Johnny Crawford? Remember him? No. What was that Western he was in? Was a cowboy show, not a civil war movie? They had horses in it, and they all had times. He said, Jane, she looks about two legs. Stop turning man. 16, my ass. That's what she said. For ass to 16. No, that's how much he wants. Tom Walling was got his armistful. The dare got a big smile on his post. She said, boy, that looks just Superman. But put it back in your pants, please. Wow, that's a himmer. In that case, I take back what I said. I apologize to the guy that called before. Because she looks every bit like, well, it's hard to tell. It's a black and white picture in its effects. But she looks like 25 minimum, right? Right. Well, that's okay. If they look old enough, that's all right. That's what Michael said. You look at least 12. This article, you see me, it's too long. But this is a great column. It's in the, what's your column? Besides available on the internet, the latest, what's going on? Mark, we can serve it at the angles. That's the one. Papu can and no end war. It's a raging ripping review on the sick twisted book by Richard Pearl and David from called an end to evil. How to win a war on terror, which is nothing more than hysteria. Like it says, the from Pearl prescription would instead of American endless conflict. They'd have us at war for the rest of time. Says this is an awesome fling of vanilla cons by Papu can and I sent only the first two of 10 pages, but you can get the whole thing here and it's got the website. Okay, we'll get to some of our website too. Oh, and speaking of getting stuff on the website. There's another added bonus on the, what I told you about this morning on the Papa Band and a little later, don't pay money by the way to get rid of Papa pads and is at dot com through their Alexis service. They offer you a, is it Alexa? You said Alexa. They don't really, well, I'm looking at the bar right now. A chant all of this. Oh, that's that way. So we're going to go on there. Did you want to just say, yeah, of course, but I don't care. That's a hundred. Not only is it a very effective Papa blocker and for each site that you go to only once, if you click on, you know, remember this always for this site and you block the Papa pads. For example, Washington Post and several other ones, you're just inundated with Papa pads and this one blocks them on is for free. Just look up ALEXA, Alexa and it's a service of Amazon.com. It's for free and it works very, very well. And the other good thing is, too, like if you have something on there instead of going to the deal with, I have email stuff, they have a little icon you click on and you can email whatever article, whatever you're looking at at the moment. Immediately, it's not sooner. That's great. Very good. Instead of going through the other second and third, right? It's just for lazy people. Believe me, folks, if you want to give it to the Papa pads, don't pay 1995 or 2995. Why, why, why, why pay for when you get it for free, right? So I've heard. That's what I always say. 307 votes top five, Marilyn Monroe 61, Brittany Spears 41, Rackel, Wells 34, Sofia, Loren 20, and Halle's berries have got 23. And I do have to mention Charlize Starron is moving up nicely with 17. You go to have a hard one. Yeah, I like her a lot. Yeah, I like her a lot. WQM, hello. Hi, I have one for my boyfriend. He's on the road. Is it my, can you listen to your face? She on the road again. He's on the road again. And he loves Drew Barrymore. Drew Barrymore, well, we'll put her on her form. All right, thanks so much. You have a great day. All right, you two, bye bye. Bye. Drew Barrymore hit her on there. She's going on there. Is she going on? On it. How about Tom Green? Is he going on it? Go on on it. 567. He's a real nut. WQM, hello. Yeah, how you doing now? Okay. How about the end of the cold before she became a fast-forward. Well, she's back to skinny again. Yeah, yeah, back to, and I don't say she's back to skinny again. Her leg is skinny again. Everything being real or she's not skinny. I saw her a couple of months ago. She was on with a king monster. And she's still packing a few extra believe me. She's trying to look on the healthy. She has giant silver ball. She's going to blow him put her on her for a pound. All right. I have a record. Well, she, you know, she can't eat as much as she used to because she spent all the old guys money now. No. The word, the word. Not yet. And I know. Just a little play on cash. This belongs to the black. So what put Anne in the cold under and make him happy? Why not? And you as well. It don't come if she slimmed down. Relatively speaking, okay? That's like saying that the, I'll tell you did slimmed down is, uh, Karney Wilson. Yeah. Well, she had the operation. Did you really? Yes. Well, that's right. I know because I told her I saw her biography about a month ago. Mm-hmm. I still, uh, I'm not that crazy about her though. The certain, something there. It's like with Howard Dean. You look at his, something a little bit off. Why would you think your kid, Karney? Nothing good can cover that. Because you're doing a lot of drugs. Oh, and he spent all day in bed with your teddy bear. So what do you expect? You're going to make your kid. In fact, maybe he figured he was going to be a Karney man before they put him in a box. But he's still live by the way, Brian Wilson. Yeah. He's still making that music. Don't try talking to him, no, because he don't speak too much. Five six six. He is five six seven or anybody. Oh, oh, five six. And pound five six. On the AT&T line. QAM, hello. Hey, Neil, please. Yes, sir. Speaking. Neil, how are you? Pretty good. It's from the early, if I can change topics, that the Haitians were revolting. Yes. I think they're done right. Nothing. Shame on you, sir. Shame on you. Did you hear that? Yeah, did you think he had help with that or did it all? I think probably his, all his friends. Ramon. How we have to learn. So lame. So weak man, please. But at least he gave it a shot. You know what I'm saying? Thank you. Like can we Johnson? You gave it a shot. But that's the one. Say it. Right. Hahaha. Ah, man, George is getting the sports intensive. Now we're talking. Oh, you're my name is T.C. Watson-A-Law. Let's see. Here are two great articles for you. It says, uh, observer.com, probably one of these about chronic child in Hollywood. I don't have to check him out. I always thought that El McPherson was outstanding in standing out in sirens. And George writes on there. Yes. That's a hooby for all time. I'm sure they're going to be looking for it now that it gives us to me. And I think that's a very good experience. What's it about? It's about like five or six women that can't keep their clothes on. And I think there's a movie going on around it. Hugh grants in there somewhere. Ah, Hugh grants in there. Well, guess what? Oh, that's not for you. You said the man to court. It's for us. Oh, look at this. Look for the QM fan from noon. You'll see. Well, this is very timely. I'm sure they're going to be looking for it now that it gives us to me at five minutes till noon. What are schmuck man? What a schmuck. You still look pretty good, but man. You can't complain about his IQ because he don't have any. Look for the QM fan from noon to two that it's a shell station just west of I-95 on Sheridan Street right. Kitty Corner, Georgia's house in the old I-O-D studios would pass in. In fact, even stopped. I see Sheridan to Mike Disney at the Cock Studios. Stop by the registered winner per tickets to see the Marlins on opening day against these Spos. It will be the Spos in the Spos on opening day tomorrow and then the Montreal. The M&M boys. Anybody care about that? No. They care about that as much as I care about payroll, man. As in none. As in that mention, Trevor Kid bites and blows. Yes. Don't forget, noon to two, the QM fan left to promote to this heavily because he felt on on a job and gave this to me at five. Did-did-did-did-did he just come in and give this to you? Yeah. Or is it possible to give it to you while it's been sitting around. You just passed it to me. Yeah, that's what I did. That's what I did to see this. What am I going to see this for? I mean, I will cover up this because he looked pretty good. Noin at two at the Shell Station just west of I-95 on Sheridan Street and you can register to register to win. What does that mean? I'll just register to win. Don't ask questions. A pair of tickets. We'll give you something. Register to win a big pair. 1157 at 560 QAM. The honorable revered to Cherry Fallwell. My friends, I'm sure that Halle Barry is of lovely figures in the final actress, as well as Chuck Barry with his jungle music. For friends, I must speak out and cancel the academies of racing and colored silver. It's my understanding that the pop culture industry is perpetrated by Halle McSectial Jews. It was them. And that claim, of course, who brought the tragedy of nano-living of Paul's. Galilee is angered by all who are not in the lackness of myself. All that's right is Christian and white. Now pull down your pants with me in prey. Dear Lord and heaven, help me find my penis. Thank you. You call that a penis? 12.1560 WQA and heavy ones do two in L.C. Colorado. This is Justin. Well, how are special ass, a special assistent? Especially to monitor athletics department. University of Colorado said it planned to hire a special administrative overseer the athletic department and scandal played football program for female Pascar who said she was rated by a teammate four years ago. So they're trying to cover their ass and hers too. Now we got fances. I got a poll effect. Here's what you have seldom seen man. Are emotional about this and why not? Right. Here's Osmar. I thought it was Omar, but I noticed there's an S. What kind of an MZAD? Never heard of it. Osmar. He says, for the level all that is holy. Why don't you have Angelina Jolie on your pool? God, I know I'd love to have her on mine. That's cute. Nice going Osmar. Whatever you are. Now, somebody you're a copy of this out of a book out of a somewhere. Website? Yeah. I guess. But it's a lovely thing. It's emotional. It says if there ever was a woman that could be being attractive, even being your age 50 or beyond, there will be Jane Seymour. Only one more describes her. Beautiful. She was raised with clasps. Has that delightful refined English accent that many love? His heart working has a warm charitable heart and is amazingly down to worth. Jane Seymour is an exotic beauty who's finally home to acting talented. She's a successful, interesting and still growing career. Her career spans decades and she's one of the best known tellers and actresses ever. Wow. Could have fooled me. She was even a bond girl. Well, yeah. Living like that. Was that it? Right. You ever watch any of those old, send bad movies. Remember them? No. Is that a Western? Or civil war movie? It's an Eastern. They say having children wears you down so much that your parents fades more quickly while Jane has had four children that is. And she has barely changed at all last 30 years. How many years? About 30 minutes. It seems as if that's saying isn't true at all. Well, whatever. They copy this out of a somewhere. But it's, it's warm and emotional and makes you feel all fuzzy all over. She goes to an 87 by the way, Jane Seymour. She's still going strong. Somebody says the chronic in Coco says Linda Evans. Good choice? What's wrong with Linda Evans? She's a little old, but other than that. No, I'm not. But that's not the point. The question is who it is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time? She was, she's a, I mean, and we're going to say fear is faucet, right? She ain't looking too good these days, man. Holy crap. You know, little Brigida. Man. Right. Or so feel a lot so feel so. It's pretty good. Linda Evans was another flawless beauty. Canis, not Smotry. Or so feel a lot. Or so feel a copula. Well, only the nose knows. Vanessa Paradise. Oh, that's Johnny Deft's wife. Yeah. I have seen her. You know Vanessa? Yeah. Do you know like her? Yeah, she's fine. Are you knocking Johnny Depp again? Staying on you, man. Now you're walking on. You still didn't see that great movie. I told you about dead man. No. Don't. Okay. It says you watched the show online. TrioTV.com. The entire show will there again. Oh, that's good tomorrow tomorrow at midnight. What does that mean tonight at midnight? Two nineteen. I, uh, good question. Check you out. What was it? Two nineteen admittments. Was that that would be tonight at midnight, I guess. All right. And says George Tivo. Tivo with. You got Tivo? No. And North Carolina. We have Tivo. Some local sold by mom on it. I'll be damned. I headed down my direct TV. I had not Tivo. What's the other one? I don't know. And I got rid of it. Because I had nothing but problems with that receiver. Man, it was a real piece of direct. I hate it. Christy McNeville for a long time. The first of the MacNeville. Oh, geez. Oh, maybe they did see with a hot-y MBC's emptiness. Too bad she turned out to be a die kids. But she was hot. Christy McNeville was hot. Her brother Jimmy McNeville was Cuban and she was. She, I mean, she looked like a little, uh, die-y. I liked her. And what show was she on? Family? Very good. Christy McNeville with the Willy. What was his name? Willy Ains. No, not Willy Ains. They were with her brother Willy. With the, uh, mole on his, uh, thing. Willy. And we'll see the time. Williams. And James Roderick, brother whatever the thing was, we just died. Onry Heppard. Now we're talking how could we leave though beautiful. The, everybody loved Audrey Heppard. Rayal was his mom. She was a, a small tight package, a whist of a woman. A lovely little lady. Audrey Heppard. I've got to say this thing about, uh, watching it online. Yeah. I don't think I'm going to be up and midnight watching it online. Since I can't tape online. You don't understand? Okay. Here's one that says from Steve Savannah, Samson is the hottest celebrity of all time. And George, who she is, he's not a portal up for his new she. I don't know. We're dealing with continuous care pain, even though he's effectively dropping out. What, and along the lines of what McCain did. What he's been doing. He's been doing this. He's been doing this. He's been doing this. He's been doing this. What is, he was acting this about me. It was very difficult sometimes once. I'm tired of her. Aren't you down a Brazil? Yeah. Center back in Brazil. WQ and hello. I'm talking to you. There was a good choice. Put that one on there. WQ and hello. Oh, Chris, please. Speaking. Neo, I have one for you with. Go ahead. Christie, brinkly. Christie, brinkly. Sure, is help. Beats out. Kristen, make nickel. Oh, wait. Can I have a change of subject for a second? Yes, sir. You know what? The whole thing about China, Staxon, and the blue. Have you ever been to the museum? Metropollum Museum in New York? Sure. The statue of David would have told you in the hanging out. Right. I'm going to never make a big deal about that. Kids come in school, you know, thousands of kids come in with buses and school and please. Right. No one's ever ever said anything about that. Overall, a little shot of a slightly seen blue. A booby. Thank you very much. Pretty sad, man. Excellent point. Thanks a lot. Of course, that's just a statue. Of course, statues are, you know, a statue is not a living thing, right? Right. Just like those statues that John asked. Crop was covering up because he might the booby's popping out. That's right. He thought it was a very embarrassing. See, this is what I'm telling you, man. We're dealing with a group of people. These people used to be concerned. I keep trying to explain this to the audience. And I know a lot of you get it, but some of you still haven't caught on to it yet. These religious nuts, these right-wing extremists. There is no more Republican party. It's been hijacked. It's been taken over the party of even of Nixon and Eisenhower and any of those people. And they said, gone, that's history. Long gone. Even a party of Bob Dole, which ain't that long going, that's gone. Forget about that. You're dealing with a group who used to be considered the lunatic friend. The fundamentalist Bible-thumping armageddon is coming. The world is ending. Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, everything is a sin. And they control a country now. And they want to be able to dictate us like this Michael Powell crab. What we can say on a year, what you can listen to, what you can watch, they want to sense it or freak in movies. They want to sense it or the news. They want to have over three or four of their crony companies by up every goddamn media outlet in the country. So they can sense it and bring wash everybody with the same bullcrap they've been doing last three years. And that's where we're at. These aren't responsible reliable people that ought to be considered seriously. Out of them being dangerous. That's why they're serious because they're so freaking dangerous. Not to mention all of the people that are dying because of them. Because the D'Ariture pearls and David Frums and Paul Wolfowitz is in this world. So just think about that way, you need to start whether it's going to be worthwhile. Go on out and vote in this November or even register in the first place. I just mention that. People that don't care, they just don't care. You can't force them to care. Am I right? I don't care. Yeah, you do. You only reason you think that is because you can't vote because you're in legal alien. Right. Well, I'm going to tell you one thing, you're safe because Bush likes illegal aliens. See, he doesn't realize that there are some of you hear a subversive company Pink or Bachelors like you. Well, well, well, somebody in the audience is probably monitoring right now will inform them. Post-taste. Tell me, tell me, you QAM hello. Deal. Yes sir. Are you going? I don't know. I don't remember her name, but Venice is not a vanity toy party. No, so she is. She made a couple of cheesy movies. Vanity? Vanity? Vanity? Vanity. Her name is Vanity. And what does she do? She did a couple of cheap movies and she sang for five minutes. And she's high? Yeah. Okay, we got a man. We're way more things. Yeah. What are we doing? It's infant devil. Okay. I love Luna's. He's great. Actually, Mo has been that kind of like, I like the old Mo a little better ways. More can't thank Chris and more lively and obnoxious, although. Because the only few minutes I hear in a morning when I come in here before I quickly go in the shower and shave and smith. She is very, I don't know, very mellow now. In fact, muffler sent me this morning that he thinks Mo has found his niche. You know what I mean? Where was it? It about five to six in a morning. Seriously, he's found a spot and he's listen, more power to him. Okay, this is long as we don't have to ever see him again. Absolutely. I was saying only moments ago, it seems to me, if you listen about Donna McPherson about what a great job they do for you. Not just one or two days of the year when I have a special sale, but every day, 365 days a year, they give you rock bottom on beautiful prices on the entire line of a brand new. Seely popped your penis, which of course, everybody knows his world famous for comfort and durability. They be the best. And of course, when you called out on my first day, deliver when you want them to any to our window that's convenient for you. Any day, seven days, week from 8 a.m. till 10 a.m. night. So in other words, if you want them there between noon and two, if that's convenient for you, they'll be there. One and three, two, forty five to four, forty five, et cetera. And of course, you know, that Seely's new line of five to be there is so easy because you never have to flip more eroded. I'm just having them set up for you. I'll enjoy years and years of comfort. These Seely beds are constructed of optimal comfort on a saving service and they will last you for years. So call 1-800 metrics right now. The people you talk to know their crap inside and out and they'll hook up with exactly the kind of mattress you're looking for. With low prices, same day delivery free set up in Movel. It's easy to see why Donna McPherson's ranked number one, No. 0 no in customer satisfaction. So enjoy great night. Sleep tonight with a new Seely posture piti from Dallematres like I've been doing in George in Vokobron and McGill and Fatboy and all these other losers too. Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RESREL didn't get his by the way. 2-8 1-800-MAT-RESRELINE. Check them out at mattress.com. 5-10-MAT-RESREL-INE. This is 4-20-5-6-1-2-A-N. She set the screen on fire in basic instincts. Then you saw her in sliver after that it was intersection followed by the quick and the dead. But let's face it. The only decent movies she's ever done was basic instinct. So now Sharon Stone gives moviegoers exactly what they want and that's more of what made her a house-hold name. Sharon Stone stars in crotch. We all know she can't act but it doesn't matter in crotch. 2-Solid hours of Sharon Stone crossing and uncrossing her legs. The New York Times says this film will give Sharon Stone a leg up on the competition. Siskel and Iber give it 2-1 thumbs up and Rex Reed says it would have been better with Brad Pitt. Sharon Stone brings her one true talent back to the screen in crotch. Now, Showing. 12-7-10-12 Sharon Stone's movie is on her website. Yeah, I'm going through some pictures though. You have a whole bunch of pictures. Also, anyway, did you look up Sarah Savanna-Samsen? No, it's porn. It's porn. I told her that as soon as I saw the name and she can't be on our list but from the chin down man, she is the old-loved, very impressed. If it's who I think it is, yeah, big boobs. But she's got a shnise problem. She's got a nose. So, therefore, okay. Now, I think you'd be interested in producing it from a little bit too but never to like. I've mentioned that in passing. I've mentioned that in passing. She's got a world website, Savannah Samsen. It's with an H. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. I've heard of that. Savannah Samsen, SAMSO, when.com. We don't want you to look at no porn outside, though. Especially with little kids out there unless you feel like it. Okay, here's a fact that's got some pretty good information. Thank you David. It says feeding the beast is going to be repeated Thursday, meaning tomorrow at 9 p.m. and admit that on trio. 9 p.m. and admit that. I don't get trio. It's on digital cable. On Comcast. Or can I tell you? They might have to take it off to save some money so they can up the deal the Disney. As well as satellite. Their website, www.trotv.com. As tips to the program. A great TV moment. Two Fridays ago on McLaughlin. Pat, when you came and almost got slugged by Tony Blankley. When Pat slum, but unio, cons are pulling on American public. Pat Tony is getting triple team now all the time. By Pat John McLaughlin, the Eleanor Cliff. Oh, great. It makes me want to get up early Saturday morning and find their work and find that. Which I'm sure it's on. Probably MSNBC. Barbara Carrera. A.K. Fatima Blush. The James Bond movie never say never again. She was also an original island of Dr. Moro with Michael Dork. We got her on there. Barbara Carrera? We do know. Okay. See. Don't forget to Q.A. and Ben right now is waiting for you. I bet you McGill is just mobbed with people. We want to register for a pair of tickets to see the Marlins opening day game against the Marlins. Not you all suppose it's a Scott out there. Oh, like I said, Scott is out there. So full warrant is for armed. No, what do we just found out at the last minute? Scott from now to the two o'clock is that the shell station with a QM van look for it. And he'll give you a few last. Look at him. And you'll chuckle. And you'll say, oh, no, I know what they were talking about. He's a little off. Just a voice divine 95 on Sheridan Street at the shell station. You can register and wouldn't like I said it's perfect to get to the other end. So there he goes. Scott is out there. Well, it's a good way to get him out of the building. It's probably the idea. WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? How you doing? Hey, yesterday I had to go file for home fed and so I registered to vote at the same time. So I will be voting for whoever's running against Bush. Oh, right. Excellent. There's another one. Hey, on your website, is there like one or two articles that you would point at and say, what you want to show people that's filtering Bushes on on a sky and doesn't lie about this whole war thing? No, there's not one or two of them. Probably all the every day they're like eight or 10 of them on or so you can even cruise through them and turn out every one. Well, yeah, I got to every day. I got to turn my mom because she wants to vote for Bush again. Well, I like to lock her up on election day man. Hey, anyway, man, this act is not as I think it's so ought to control now on Saturday night live. It has to be very more doing her opening monologue she hosts the show. Yeah. So they brought out a little midgen in the E.T. costume and she would talk to him whatever. And at the end, she said, oh, after the show, I'll get you some read through pieces and he goes, oh, no thanks. I'm on active. She's everywhere. It is like a disease. More famous now than when you're the live, just like, oh, we've seen. See, I'm going to fall down. It's not always a bad thing. Pachel I'm failing. Take it easy. When you have a slipping fall sometime, I mean, sometimes you can sue somebody for it. But then if you die, it's not always the best. But look how famous he is now. Right. Maybe it was worth his bigger than life itself. Well, that's what those opponents are on. So anyway, that group that had the Peter people, yes, those and there are other positions for fake responsibility. He'd come to find out there a bunch of real assholes with a long track record of being outrageous and they're just assholes. Just like the Peter people, that's why they have to embed with them. Heather Lockler, how can we leave her off of there? Right. I decide that. And who was who was it who was on my landing? You got to tell me Nicola, that's her. So all come on Nicola. Sure. Why do you say that you live close to Sheridan Street? Right. And I'm always talking about the beautiful Sheridan on passions. Oh, I wish I knew what her name was. I'd put her on there. But nobody would vote for because they don't know what the actress's name is. Oh, man. She is. I don't care what you say. If I were that persuasion, I would track her down and I'd fend off both Luis and and I'd say what did I say and don't you. What did you say? I didn't say nothing. Oh. Anyway, Nicola Sheridan, who was or maybe is married to Harry. Oh, Harry Handley. Harry Handley. Why always thought was, well, that's because he was in that movie. Right. Because that movie I'm making love. We're making love. On the clean with Michael on keen and what's your name from Charlie's Angels. Kate Jackson. Kate Jackson. Are you sure that movie? No. But that's right. It's the fact movie would be it's proud watching that. I'm sorry. So the commercials for it would be like the talent of Mr. Ripley and Spy. I'm going to bring it back. I'm going to bring it in that loan of tea. It'll be then we'll be even for a South Park, the movie. 560, 1050, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQN, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what about going? Go to the home. Okay, we got him on Steve Goldstein. No. Okay. You got him on. No, how about go that's enough? One. Oh, no. No, my. Beautiful thing we've been able to keep them all to one, even the faxes were the head more than one. We, uh, nipped it right in the pud, man. Before they got out of control. Oh, look in the women. Is that in here? Just a man looking for something. Oh, I don't have it. Where is the law where he's counting? I touched your gut. Oh, I think that might just be on a cart. Is that in? Neil Rogers. Good. George Rodriguez. No good. Right. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, guys. Hey, this is my giant attempt. tremendous. Wow. Oh, yeah. That's just great. The uncle's scotty mac. I'll ever forget that performing every human's buddies on a plane. It's on a cart. One on the stretch. Well, yeah. Oh, sounds really good. Oh, bahode la yuvia. Ooh, what do you say about the name? Oh, you work? Yeah, no, no. Trains. Hit him out of here. Kill him. Most of them. Americans believe somebody best known Bible stories are literally true. This is so depressing. Oh, I want to jump out my window. At the same time, a vast majority rejects the biblical suggestion that Jews bear collective responsibility for the death of Jesus. Oh, six and ten in this ABC news prime time. Paul said the political is the prime time. Paul kind of like Deons prime time tour. Something like that. Well, I don't want to see him. No, I don't want to see him. I don't want to see him. Deons Sanders never again go away, bullshit. I didn't send a said boy. That was bad. Six and ten say the biblical accounts of Moses parting the Red Sea, God creating the world in six days. And Noah and the Flood happened that way. Word for Word. I want to say I want to read that again. This is from the where I get this from. What the somewhere? Something we got on our website today. I saw this and I just about flipped. Six and ten in this ABC news prime time. Paul said the biblical accounts of Moses parting the Red Sea. God creating the world in six days. And Noah and the Flood happened just that way. Word for Word. Evangelical Protestants are even more. More after hold as few about nine and ten of them. Take these accounts literally. All I can say that is. Oh, my God. Right. But fewer than one in ten Americans say all Jews today are responsible for the death of Jesus. As some literal interpretation of the Bible suggests, eight and ten say otherwise, apparently adopting a looser interpretation of the biblical quote. His blood beyond us and on our children Matthew 2725. Pike. The debate over the role of Jews in the death of Jesus has been rekindled by the obnoxious Mel Gibson and I film the page of Christ. And which gives us discusses an exclusive interview on the ABC news program prime time Monday, February 16th, which was a two days ago. At 10 p.m. I see it isn't that reason nobody is called to say that they've seen it. It's not released till February 25. Well, how come all these people are talking about this? So I sneak preview. Or maybe the Virgin Mary came to their house. We still don't have anybody facts about that story that you keep telling me about in Hollywood. No, waitin for that. About them get skis there and I would go to Jewish get skis that are trying to do like services in the Hollywood and I'm going to put for a rows of what's your name out of business. They got a ten temple going on. A tenth temple and for things again pretty tense in Hollywood too many get skis running around peddling them. Or religious all these wild things happening. The Virgin Mary keeps it was a pretty tent. And wait a minute we forgot last Friday. Man last Friday was the 13th and rose a low pass with a little bit of land. He was on it. Huh? You're right. Right. I've actually diverged in Mary's stuff by for pizza and wine. At the center of the debate is the verse in Matthew in which Jewish elders surrender Jesus to the Roman Governor. The Roman Governor Pontius is pilot and demanded to be executed when pilots as he does Monk Christ blood on his hands the crowd responds his blood beyond us and our children. A scene based on the circumstances removed from the film after complaints from Jewish groups. But some critics still contend that gives it unfairly portrays Jews and their role in the death of Jesus. So in the interview last night he said they're revolting in high and Haiti. Yes. Yeah, so what he did is he didn't take the line out. He just didn't subtitle it. Jesus says it in RNA, but the audience doesn't get the translation. I see or the crowd still says it. We'll see. Okay, don't forget we hate to do this. Come with me with you for more 25. My and local. We're sports radio five six two a you a yeah. You're going back to Canada. You're too bastard. You think I'm gonna just do it. You think I'm gonna wear no coat. I won't even when I just have my golden hat. Please do I hear my lips show my dough. We like our hands and our bones. If you're gonna just have my golden hat. When I walk into you, it's all been so long. I was looking for you. So do you like a hole? Maybe there's a dress. Put down the back. So when he was dead, I might have to get to my cry. I put on the shirt. If we see you, you can see my boots. And we'll find it for sure. And I got a shirt. I know that he's on. We get mad if my mother's two years gone. You know that I just don't do that. You think I'm gonna wear no coat. I won't even when I just have my golden hat. Please do I hear my lips show my dough. We like our hands and our bones. You know what I just have my golden hat. Prop 30 to a 560 WM Chris is all been on a shape. He says the hottest female somebody has to be jail. Your pulse sucks because all the hands is skinny white girls. Oh yeah, like Beyonce. Yeah, then how he invented this boy. Right. Skinny white girls. Like Merlin and Rose. She was pretty skinny. And anyway, that will put jail alone. Pretty much. Well, we gotta put some on there for our whole people out there. I will Chris probably in one of them because they like big ass. That's what it is. They don't care what's attached to it. It's like the size queens, you know, the John Holmes people. Oh my god, do you see the size of that? Yeah, and I ran like hell. John Henley's got a great comments on our website, but I'm gonna read it. What are you like it or not? I like telling the music. You don't even like John Henley do you? Yes, I do. What would you say that? Don't you love the Eagles? Yes. Well, he said something terrible about John Henley this morning before the show. You said to that asshole. What do you ever do to you? I'm sure you're deleged. No, I'm not. You said something horrendous about Dyson. You got sued for ripping himself off. But now I ludicrous as was by taking. No, you said, how do you like that? I said I like it. Okay. Anyway, this article, killing the music, he says when I started the music business, music was important in vital to our culture, artists connected with their fans, record label, sign cutting edge artists, and FM radio offered an incredible variety of music. Music touched fans in a unique and personal way. The culture was enriched, and the music business was healthy and strong. That's all changed. Today the music business is in crisis. Sales have decreased between 20 and 30%. About 30, man. Over the past three years, record labels are suing children for using an authorized peer-to-peer file sharing systems. Only a few artists ever hear their music on a radio yet radio networks are battling Congress over ownership restrictions. Independent music stores are closing in an unprecedented pace, and the artists seem to be at odds with just about everyone, even the fans. Contrary to conventional wisdom, the root problem is not the artist of fans or even the new internet technology. The problem is the music industry itself, it's systemic. The industry, which was once composed of hundreds of big and small record labels, is not controlled by just a handful of unregulated, multinational corporations to determine to continue their mad rush toward further consolidation and merger. Sony and BMG announced their agreement to merge in November, and EMI and Time Warner may not be far behind. The industry may soon be dominated by only three multinational corporations. The executives who run these corporations believe that music is solely a commodity. Unlike their predecessors, they feel recognized that music is as much a vital art form and social barometer as it is a way to make a profit. At one time, artists actually developed meaningful even if strain relationships with their record labels. This was possible because labels were relatively small and accessible, and they had an incentive to join with the artist and marketing their music. Today, such a relationship is practically impossible for most artists. Labels no longer take risks by signing unique and important new artists or they become partners with artists in the creation and promotion of the music. After the music is created, the artist connection with it is minimized and in some instances is not existent. In their world, music is generic. A major record label present confirmed this recently when he referred to artists as content providers. What a major label signs Johnny Cash today? I doubt it. Especially without ring of fire in his ass. Radio stations used to be local and diverse DJs program their own shows in the world post relationships with artists. Today, radio stations are centrally programmed by their corporate owners, and airplanes essentially bought rather than earned. The floodgates have opened for corporations to buy an almost unlimited number of radio stations, as well as concert venues and agencies. You think he had anybody in mind? The delicate balance between artists and radio networks has been dramatically altered. Networks can now and often do is exert unprecedented pressure on artists. Whatever connection they are dishing with their music on the earth is almost totally gone. Music stores used to be magical places offering wine for Riley. Today, the three largest music retailers are best buy, Walmart and Target. In those store shelf spaces limited making it harder for new artists to emerge, even established artists are troubled by stores using music as a lost leader. Smaller, more personalized record stores are closing all over the country, some because of rampant T2P power-seem, but many others because of competition from department stores that traditionally have milk connection, whatever were the artists. Parasee is perhaps the most emotionally gut-wrenching problem facing artists. Artists like the idea of a new and better business model for the industry, but they can't accept a business model that uses their music without authority or compensation. Suying kids is now what artists want, but many of them feel betrayed by fans who claim to love the artist but still want their music free. The music industry must also take a large amount of blame for this piracy, not one to the music industry, not address the issue sooner, and provide a P to P users with a convenient scapecode. Many kids rationalize their P to P have it by pointing out that only record labels are heard that the labels don't pay the artists anyway. This is clearly wrong because artists are at the bottom of the food chain. They're the ones hit hardest when sales take on a nose dive and when the labels cut back on promotion on signing the artist and keeping artists with potential. Artists are thoroughly affected yet because many perceive the music businesses being dominated by rich, multi-national corporations, the pain felt by the artist has no public face. Artists are finally realizing their predicament is no different from that of any other group with common economic and political interests. They can no longer just hope for change, they must fight for it, washing them is where artists must go to plead their case in finances. So whether they're fighting against median radio consolidation, fighting for fair recording contracts and corporate responsibility, or demanding that labels pre-artists as partners and out of employees, the core message is the same. The artist must be allowed to throw them with the labels and must be treated in the firm respectful manner if the labels are running to voluntarily implement these changes and the labels will have no choice but to seek legislative and judicial solutions. Simply put, artists must regain control as much as possible over their music, right? Scott Henley. And isn't it great that we have not just in the music business, but as he points out in the radio business and in the television business and in the newspaper business and just about every other God damn business, including the retail business, more and more individual small people are going out of business so that we have just a small handful of corporations that have gathered up the whole God damn world like Walmart, which he mentioned, that makes us sick to our stomach. Now speaking of radio people, you'll be pleased with hearing this. A proposed ban on committing suicide is a form of public entertainment was approved yesterday. All right. Sorry. What are you talking about? Sorry. Yeah, I do. By a Senate Committee in Tallahassee. I respond to the hardcore rock ban, Hell on Earth, which tried last year to feature a live suicide during a concert. The Senate, you're just here to recommend you unanimously approved the bills, sponsored by Senator Les Mollard, Democratic Tampa. It still needs approvals from the criminal justice committee before it comes up for a vote by the full Senate. Hell on Earth never delivered on a promise to feature a suicide as a statement in support of youth in Asia at an October 4th show. The publicity preceding the event prompted the same previous birth city council to pass an emergency order for bidding the act. The Nullus County Commission is one of step further voting to ban public suicide, as well as the promotion of public suicide for commercial rights. The bill would prohibit anyone from advertising performing or selling tickets to a show, featuring self-murder, a term for suicide that already is defined in the Florida statutes. Self-murder. Can't do it. The Nullus County Commission is an exception for acts of simulated self-murder such. Well, thank God for that. But that means the more TV and no more movies. He makes a certain for acts of simulated self-murder such as in plays or movies, as long as the audiences informed that no actual suicide is planned. Violet isn't the guilty of a third of the reform. He punishable about to five years in prison in a five thousand dollar fine. So if somebody blows their brains out in a movie, they got to have a crisis come on here. All of this is just not for real, right? Right. It's where they're going straight. Where did you find it? You were just funding you. How's that pull coming? We have, what was the hottest female celebrity of all time, even the old timers? And he is all time, even Eve could be on there, right? Right. 565 vote. Maryland Monroe, 76. Brittany Spears. I voted for her 55. I'm proud to say I voted for Brittany. Rackel Welch is right up on Brittany's ass and who would want to see that? 53. Sofiela Ren is doing well 44. Halle's berries 28. Charlize, they're on 25. I can basically do 22 Jane Fata 18. You can see Jane on natural on our website today. We need to hit worth 18. Vote Derek 16. I wonder if she's can do a Todd Derek direct. Vote Deedle. Vote Deedle. Oh man. I'm so glad you saw a couple minutes of that yesterday. This is the kind of garbage that the TV people are putting over on a public assholes like him retired right wing obnoxious gun to violence promoting an asshole ex-cop. With that stereotypical New York army just everything that is violent and vulgar that came out of these septic tanks out of the swords of New York. That's bull deedle. Although he is the fifth beetle. And local. You can see this is for 25. You can see this. Oh the butt. Make a Jessica with us. Yeah. Yeah. Let's lift the trick to achieving longevity. I'm not saying I think about offset. I'm completely madly abused drugs. Yeah. Party. The Stakes and Calls Johnson City Tennessee is on with us. You've got Nick and Jessica go ahead. Hi Ryan. This is Andrea. Oh hi Andrea. Jessica. Is it true you don't drink milk because you can't sit your head in the curtain? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll admit it. Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective to find out if you've related to a homeowner and art Simpson? Yes. I don't know what I'm going to do with her. I love this. Hi, you're on. Yeah. I can see advertising on the internet about it. Nick and Jessica. Sex tape. Is that really you guys? Definitely. Yeah. We have a clip. Take a look at Nick and Jessica. Make it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Why don't you get a copy of that? In stories, you get it now. Yeah. And no regrets in deciding to do this. Oh no. We're so happy. We are so happy. We can all find stuff like that. We're so gratifying for us. So let me ask you. What about Nick? I mean, what about Jessica Simpson? If you want. You want to put her on there? You matter. You said right across the table from her there. Yeah, but her boobs were so big. You were sniffing that seat when she left. And kind of when I was down here, we're still sniffing it. I didn't wait till she left. That was probably because Josh Friedman just said in it. Oh. Oh, man. Woo. Talk about a silver. What were you saying? Did she qualify to be on the floor? She's got big movies here. She's a big boob. Jessica Simpson. She's a hot blonde or something would think. She's a big boob. She has some diamonds. You have the hottest ever. Angry Bergman. Get big hands. Right. I'm done. I mean, it burned her at this thing. Was that because they were anti-Semitic? Yes. You're going to park? You're going to park in Johnny Dark. Have you seen together? Same person. Tom says Bond Girl Pussy Galore should be on that list. But we don't know her real name. Exactly. Also Tom says the passion of the Christ comes out on the 25th of this month. And I just could say that that's okay, Tom. What little I've seen of it, the acting is top notch. Well, I mean, I'm not going to say a word. You people go and watch the passion of Christ and all this other stuff. Okay. And have a good time. You very tailed people out there. You silly, silly people. That the whole Christ comes to the power of Christ, to the whole Christ. See, I've always said there's nothing like a 2000 years later. Making up a bunch of crap. Oh, if this is what they look like, and this is how it happened. And this is the stories that's told in a Bible that a bunch of people wrote 90 years after he allegedly died. That's why I'm going to go see it. Why do I need to see another Jesus commercial? Right. The problem tries to tell you. Oh, and the problem tries to tell you. You turn the problem tries to tell you. Absolutely. Call Father Mary and get him in on this. He was good. I tell you his name. We've been through this a minute and a time. Or a lead J. Cobb. No, lead J. Cobb was the a cop. Oh, that's all excited. Very good. See, I think give you two seconds. You came up with it. He's a great. Was it his data rely on? I think Max is still kicking. Or Max. On site as a great actor he was born. It was an odd act. But the other priest did die. But that was his name. Father Mary. Father. Uh, her no interest. Yeah, I was curious. Father, the carous die. Whatever his name was. The meat trius. And the woods. Force. What a shame. I think I'm losing my faith. Group plots judge the order upgrades to electronic voting machines. Two weeks before California's presidential primary of group alleging. Why it spreads security holes in electronic voting machines. Ask the judge yesterday to make counties install new safeguards. Citizens from four counties request that a temporary restraining order in Sacramento County Superior Court. They asked that up to 18 counties use the machines made by Ohio based die bold election systems. Oh, no. Did you hear that name? May I? Ohio based die bold election systems had more safeguards to predict them against hackers. Court official scheduled hearing it's going on today's matter. Effect on that issue. And in the company lawsuit, taking the step to the state and die bold from using insecure voting machines. California counties are using three versions of die bold systems to register votes. And using the companies software to tell them the new legal challenge comes as 10 counties are blocking as Secretary of State Kevin Shelley's director for conduct random testing. Another message to guarantee the vote of machines accuracy in the mark two primary. So not only do we have to find out the loan of ticks, the right wing extremist, the Jesus Christers, but we also have to find out the die bold people and the bushletters. We want to fix every goddamn election the way they want to come out. You know how many votes I think are really God for governor. Not to admit. But to fix was in and now he's a smoking up a storm to top it all off. Fine, but you don't mess with the terminator, right? Right, California. I'll tell you one bravo now put on his was his wife. Oh my god. Whoever said she was hot including he if you're plays a mean shin ball about there. In fact, he lost your chin on that thing. On a thing on that thing. Maria 5 6 7 0 5 6 in fact, why see Maria gives me die. Anyway, guess who's going to be out of water clock? Well, there's the college or kicker, the leading. All's at her head if she was trying to kill him. And she just nothing could be fine of the rape old minor. That's a typical hell. The shadow. I think they had a disband the whole university of Colorado. Not just the football team or the sports program. Just the whole university. They were discreet. And I don't know if that sentence has ever been said. I was raped by a teammate. You can't spell scumb without. Oh, that's right. You. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Well, how are dean of one of clock he's going to be saying. And I'm always going to be saying. And I hope he does it with class. Bye bye. Right. Don't just think that you know, he'll go out because he's had plenty of time to. Can't throw it all his advisors. The ones who are left. And you know, and do a little bit of class in Pana's as opposed to it. Because he always lately seems like he's pissed off. Everybody else and blame in this one and that one. Bye bye. All a little bit of class would be good. For a change. W 2 N. Hello. Yeah, I want to say if you can put insulin and jelly on the left. I thought he's on or isn't him. I thought he's on there. Let me take a peek. One moment please. Uh, you see it, George? It's there, it's there. Okay, Josh, this is there must be a thanks, pal. All right, thanks. How many votes did she got? I mean, if you see it. But we'll see. He said it's there. But I don't see it. But we're looking for Angelina Jolie. There she is. One vote. Well, I should have two, okay? Because he's going to race to his computer and tap on it and vote for her too. That's her one with Angelina. Oh, she ain't no James C. More though. No, you can't. Hello. Hey, is this Neil? Sounds like me, yes. Hey, Neil, I know you don't like this girl. I don't think you like I'm not sure, but Nancy Grace. I love her, man. I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her. As what? A bitch loves her. What I'm putting Nancy Grace from court TV and all the talking head shows on this pool. Nancy Grace never gets near my pool. I'll tell you that right now. When we do the most of notchers of the pitch in the world pool. Ooh, yeah, she'll be right here's the top of my list. I just advise that bitch to Southern Throng. He just doing that to piss me off. Okay, yeah. I could phony as bitch, sneering as bitch. She wants to be the hang in judge. See you next time, Nancy. I'm going to play that just to honor her. Nice, nice for I am. Thank you Grace. Wow. Who have you QN hello? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You guys are forget one of the hottest dates out there. Well, I don't mean to read that out there, because it's got to be so my high-ack. Yeah. She's fine. She's okay. She can't ever throw a free train. Oh, good. She can steal my free train. Okay. She'll hop right on before you. Oh, please. Okay. Some high-ack. Then she can hold down. She's, you know, beautiful. You just tell you, I never did it for me. Beater. Never done her in summer? No. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T. You know, I'm just going to use it. Yeah, I've got as much as skinny white chicks like Beyonce. Right. Let's put some brown beaners on there like Selma. Uh huh. How about what's your name? That's got the big fat ass. Tell you, please. Oh, no. I can't believe you did that. That's exactly who I was going to say. Oh, no. This is horrendous. I actually at losing I am dead now. And I remember when I was alive. I really didn't know anybody went into it. You know, I thought I was going to pull on over on you. See that cruise. You can't nobody goes like that. WQL is no woman anyway. QAM. Sure. I got near. Yes, sir. Uh, no one needs a lonely. I don't think a lot of people are members. Bridge it out. Bridge it out. Oh, sure they do. Bridges are no are you shitting me? Yeah. So, uh, I think she's not on the list. Yeah. You can't raise your face. Hold. Thanks a lot, pal. Oh, what do you mean she's all? We got plenty of old people on here for Quenau Merlin Merlin Merlin Merlin Merlin Merlin. Merlin. Merlin Merlin. Merlin. Merlin. Merlin. Merlin. And she's she's winning. She's about 78 winning. Spears is on. Merlin's ass 60. Rack Hellwell 55. And how about Rack Hellwell? She and his oldest Bridgied Bardot. Sure. Just out of the field. Or ran with 49 votes. You'll notice that most of the of the top four. Three of them are old. Okay. Merlin. Row. Rack Hellwells. And Sophia Loren. Is this because they aren't, uh, you know, the hotest thing going right now. That's not the purpose of our poll. Right. See? I think what's just to add Diane Lane. Diane Lane. How about my train lane? Who? Ha ha ha ha ha. How about body lane? And lower lane. Okay. Diane Lane. You got it, Hank. I don't think like you read through a frankly, but I guess she doesn't fit for this list. 560, 5060, Pound 560, on the AT&T line QAM. Hello. Yeah. WLOD. WQAM. Oh, I'm sorry. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha. Right. Yeah. I'm sure Rack's waiting. Rethos, lady. Here you are. Call. Got any good crap? And Rack wants to hear from your right away. Here's a woman's number. WQM line 9. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Remember the bird had that shrine of that chick who was that baby? That was a baby case. Oh, that's right. That's right. You have a nice turkey one. He used to say V Gates are like a baby case and she belongs on her. She's cute. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I like her. Okay. You got a man. In fact, I hang out with a baby case would be paradise. That's what we're going to say. And if I wasn't she, but you got those pictures there. Even get those pictures from your advice? Yes, I do. Nick, it isn't J.B. Well, although now I was at her. Now, wasn't her. It was a Brook Shields. And the other movie was the other movie. But it was a little bit of a gun. Right. With Chris Ankins who used the body double. Now, we're more, more, more, more. And you said try to make Chris out on his lap when he was on his show. And anyway, Brook Shields use the body double in the nudity. Yeah. The Phoebe case man. She bears. You go girl. We love this one Phoebe. He liked the inflation glitch. And the girls too, though. And local. Six. Six. Or three. Oh, five. Oh, five. Oh, my favorite Republican. This is not drugs. Edith's time for the movies. Give me a plow. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Nowhere. Woo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo. Hey, this is the Ellen Guy egg renterson. With someone pisses me off. I call him a tool or a rod. Well, a rod is pissing me off. A rod is Alex Rodriguez. Am I supposed to roll in our there? Oh, well, what the fuck? A rod is a rod. I'm a jealous bro. Little man. With no dreams, lovely. Be people. As a kid. I didn't dream of being an iron boy. A rod is 25. I'm 25. He's making 252 million dollars. Your radio did not pop. 250 million. What are you making brother? With that coin. You could buy 112 million stadium odd dogs. 13 million game tickets. Me. A rod. Goodbye this radio station. The Minnesota twins and the Montreal Expo. Bees making 1209000. 629 dollars per game. This man is cash-o-la. He'd have this man. 1287 dollars per hour. Not stop. For 10 years. Model. A rod. The Texas Rangers. You if you make more than me. I'm jealous. I don't want anyone to win, but me. You. A rod. Son of a bitch. The soccer. I'll never get in at a call. And don't know the ampies out of the radio. 101 at 560WCL. The things the more they change and where they stay the same. Ressent is like that. Somebody wants to invite your example. For example, the facts you just said me about David Hasseloff. Pemi-Hit-Hand-A-Brow-In-Wall. Following we headed our website two weeks ago. Oh well. But if anybody missed a David Hasseloff as a real asshole, has complained to museum curators after finding his photo absent, and a collection of memorabilia about the fall of the Berlin Wall. The actor and producer who says he's working on a film version of the TV series Night Rider, or is that night reader, claims he's partly responsible for the fall of a concrete divide. Speaking to German magazine TV Spielfilm, Hasselhoff said in 1989 the year the Wall fell, he had helped reunite the country by singing his song, looking for freedom among millions of German fans at the Brandon Brigatins Berlin. Oh, we should set up a card. After my appearance, I hacked away a piece of the wall that had the black red and yellow colors of the German flag on it. I kept the big piece for myself and gave the smaller pieces of colleagues at Baywatch. Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy. Wow. He said I find it a bit sad. There's no photo of me hanging on the walls of the Berlin Music Museum at Techpoint Charlie. He said he doesn't mind that Americans make fun of his popularity in Germany. He says he feels it's his second homeland. Many Americans joke about my popularity in Germany, but they have no idea how beautiful Europe is. Oh, yes, I do. And you're not. And how rich it is in culture in front of warms and children. And Germany children have probably thousands of flowers. And I guess what they would, that's because they don't know any better. And they probably have no idea who you are. Although Baywatch is the most watch show in the world, you do know that. Yeah. Well, yeah. And he was out at about 100 years ago. And he still was a piece of crap, even back then. He was a friend. Pamela Lee was on there with her even back then. They were fake. So speaking with the website, yes, I know that you think that this just to the Janet thing is all over with. But you should buy check the or website. The homepage, the homepage. Oh, wait a minute. I can do that while I wait for our dean to speak. Our dean's dropping out. I think that's been a lot of years. I'm going to show a lot of those people. Pamela, some more candy crawling. I think they're hearing bowing. I'm coming to stand behind them for the last time at least. As I kind of felt, I couldn't get out of state. And then they're seeing the patterns of fear. Oh, that's the most, just in tinkerval. Bears it for the world. Bye bye. You can be on. I genuinely got nothing on him. We're most high, please. Or low, how do you want to look at it? Can I wish it was last night? That is a beautiful thing. Where'd we get that? One of our wonderful listeners. Thank you, Lester, is that keeps telling us this stuff. Keep the good stuff coming, man. We love it. Our creative people out there who too bad they're not making millions by doing this stuff. But we appreciate it. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. And too bad nobody's making no money on it. I got it. Not how we did it. Or Eric. Or Josh. Or you're a friend. Or that's the one. Nobody builds a crowd like Dean for America. What a screamer. How does he know? He's in the room there. She mentioned the energy. Obviously, you can see him here at the quarters of Howard Dean. Now taking to the mic getting ready to possibly introduce. You know what to say? Do this thing on all these talking had never. When somebody's going to speak, even if it's like their life that's introducing a no matter who it is, it's through the introduction. Unless it's somebody very, very famous. They always like a battle over. They they pot down the audio and they like. Just keep battling over like is it the district right? So you don't hear what's going on back now because they might make him famous. I'm laying nobody cares about them anyway. Right. Well, let's talk about that. Look at this. And now they're interviewing this talking had experts as far to run here who supposedly an expert on his. But a lot of us poor kid is on her where it is moment and suddenly the sunshine. He had a long time. Carlos Watson. He probably just came in the illegal through other Mexico border. Period of time. So dramatically changed the presidential race back to when I do now we're upset. Senator Bob Tathable. I do have Senator Bob Tathable. How you know what that was? 1952 that's 52 years ago you idiot. Not only having set the tone. It's a much more aggressive democratic party today. But in many ways he said if. Okay. Well, I'm not bad. I can't wait for these talking heads. We'll get him on. Let's see. Sid says I discovered this chick whose name is Katie Price but goes by the name of Jordan. She's a British celebrity. He's quite the same in the show and he I have a screen speech. He can briefly. Um. And she is in there. I'm a celebrity giving out of this. Uh, category. Uh, so is we going to put around. This is nobody's been. No, no, no, no. I'm put around there for a city of Katie Price. What the hell, right? Okay. Price is right. And because there's nothing. Katie Price is right. So we can fix Arizona Bishop and hit run. You're a can fix Bishop Thomas O'Brien of leaving the scene of a fatal accident. He thought he just hit a rock a stone a brick something. He thought he found a brick. Uh, Bishop Thomas O'Brien was convicted of hit and run yesterday for leaving the scene of a j. After killing a j walker with this car, a crash that ended his career as the head of the Roman Catholic arts dices. Well, Brian is believed to be the first Roman Catholic bishop in the US history. He was convicted of a felony so far. The 68 year old Bishop who said he thought he hit a dog or was struck by a rock could be since anywhere from probation to three and three quarters years in prison on the charge. Uh, I'm kidding. So double about it. And a charge, leaving the scene of a fatal accident. I'm gagging on it. All Brian who appeared in court each day wearing his clerical attire showed no emotion after the verdict was read. He and his attorney left the courtroom with a comment. It's a very sad day said once in your deal, Fushek, the DIC's co-vicar general and a friend of a boy, a co-vicar general. Are you ready for that? Uh-huh. Don't you love to be rock-wrs the other Catholic church, the hierarchy? Oh, yeah. And of course, the hierarchy, the lower you have to hear your back. When you like to alter boys. And the more schmottas you get to worry, you have the big, big mitre there with all. Oh, my God. It's great. All the robes and the cha-chies. It's fabulous. That would make me want to go out and mock that no Gibson movie. Braveheart. It's the kind of situation where nobody wins said the monceigneur Fushek. We respect the work the jury. Didn't now it must pray that everyone heals. Oh, yeah. Some members of the victim's family and the Bishop's family cried after the verdict. A Brian sister, Jean Dearing said that she was devastated by the verdict. He said a sin and God knows that she said. Jim Reed's family said that the decision was just the verdict with just what we wanted to said, Flora Mendoza, who had two sons with the victim. He just started hitting a dog. And by the way, if he hit a dog, how can we stop for that? That's also against the lawpops. Do you know that? Hit the dog? Hitting a dog and that's stopping? That's a story. It is against the law. Good. Somebody better tell Jason Williams about it. In case you missed that Jason Williams trial, they did fight out the dog. Good commit suicide. No, he did it first and then the limo driver would say, He said, I'll put it into a shot. Well, they found a note. It's just like note. And you know why the dog committed suicide? Because the dog was the one who wiped the fingerprints off of the rifle. The shotgun. Right. And then he felt such remorse for doing it in a bitched mountain. So he just grabbed the pickup that baby and just sat on it and blew his ass off. Go ahead and saw. During the next break. Yes. You might wonder. I think the color picture of Sharon's dough is better. Even though. Oh, I'm in here's Howard Dean though. Here's the Dean. My son. Who? He could do what? I shut this first. You're up on there. Man, we got Howard. The Dean, myster, is going to drop out. He got a lot of people all excited. And he screamed a little bit. But here you're a fun reason. I love these depoters. I don't know. I was just seeing anything. And it was a deal. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Thank you. I'm going to miss you. Oh, right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. My goodness. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We're going to go to the call by the way. It's the anti-Christ. No, this. I appreciate that. Very much. And my thanks to an awful lot of people that my. Particularly thanks to Vermont. I started this two years ago. And I see Governor Cunan is here in the crowd. So I'm going to tell a story that season of appreciate in particular, but all of you will. Because it's a local story. The first thing I ever did is I went down a way chamber of commerce meeting in course. I'm going to hamster. I was invited down. So I went down a few brochures in my back pocket. And I got down there and gave a speech. And then they asked questions. And they asked questions. And they asked questions. And they asked questions. They did anything. They asked questions. They do it. And they did a lot like going to a. And they said, and they said, and they said, well Governor, you have a great. Business climate in Vermont. It's just terrific. And the one here in New Hampshire stinks. Can you send your people down here to tell us what to do? I put you like that. That's an inside joke for those of you who are from Vermont. We love to hear people talk about New Hampshire that way. Well, I said I did pretty well in the Hampshire. We did have a, we had a, have had a real record of achievement in this state creating jobs, providing health insurance, investing in children, balancing budgets. And I said when I left the governor's office that if the rest of this country were like Vermont, this country would be much better off. And what? And what? And what we set out to do was make the rest of the country more like Vermont. And so far we have succeeded but we have a long way to go. So we did show is that by standing up and telling the truth and not worrying about tolls and focus groups, you can actually get support in this country from voters. We started the campaign office in Burlington. There are a lot of people in some of you should raise your hands and drove up here. Unrequested, unknowing, showed up, no salary. Finally we grew into you and we were able to pay a little something. But we really appreciate people from all over the country, particularly young people. One quarter of all our people who gave us money were under 30 years old in this campaign. I had not seen that happen since I was under 30 years old. That was a long time ago. This has been a campaign that has been extraordinarily different. The new approach, planning seeds in the internet, strengthening grassroots, face-to-face and taning support from hundreds of thousands of small donors. All these steps can revitalize our democracy and return power to ordinary Americans. All of us have done these things together. We have exposed the dangerous radical nature of George W. Bush's agenda. We have demonstrated to other Democrats that it is a far better strategy to stand up against the right wing agenda of George W. Bush than it is to cooperate with it. We have led this party back to considering what is heart and soul is, although there is a lot of work left to do. I am very proud of all of you and very grateful to all of you for your extraordinary hard work. To the staff who've worked exceptionally hard, very long hours worse than mine. Sometimes. For all of you who've traveled around the country, showed up at our office, worked around the clock because they believed in what we're doing. Thousands of Americans who have given general seat of their time in their states because they believed in our cause. I want to particularly thank all our congressional supporters, many of whom signed on with us when we were in asterisk in the polls. The goal of the people believed it was the right thing to do for their country. There are people in Washington who are going to do the right thing in this party, stand up and be recognized and stand up for what's right with America instead of being pulled driven and believe me, we are going to support those people in September. And in November. When is it? September, if they have a primary and then in November. I want to thank the service employees in an asshole and the painters. Is this a square? Is it just my imagination? I think he's dropping out. One fifteen, if I killed some time, we got to do the break. We got to get our response on. Look at those shirts, stone pictures too. Why you guys? Exactly. I got to check out the Sharon Stone pictures. I got to take a look at you in a Justin's. Thinkers bells. I like the color one better. Speaking of a thinker bell, last time you looked at it, you thought, well, this is a piece of crap. We're not just talking about Justin either. We're talking about your paycheck. If your paycheck is an embarrassment, if you're working like crazy and not getting anywhere in life, call fast rain and start a brand new high pain computer career or a community career in just four to a month. That's right. Fast drinking up a new career in no time at all. And the demand for computer professionals continues to grow. So pick up that instrument and call fast train, tool free. That's all I'll take one quick call that could change your life. Call 1-8-6-6 fast train. And with seven locations in Florida, fast trains, but I have a campus nearby where you live. Fast train offers you job placement, financial assistance for people to qualify. And with day night and weekend classes, you have no excuses, no more to stay in a quietly day-to-day-than job working for a PUTS. If you register now, you can have a new high pain career by summer at the latest. Call fast train, tool free at 1-8-6-6 fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fasttrained.com. I've got a local 6-6-6-5-6-6. The rate is over yours. I'm giving you a year. We thank you, no. Playboy Mansion for Tiber V studio. We're Sir Viber and Jerry. We're preparing for her LIA. All right Jerry, well let's lose the top skiing 86-380 panties. Where's my chocolate bar? Has anybody seen Colby? Could be any colder in here? Right, what we're all set up for, Jerry. Just get naked and we'll shoot away. What am I? I just don't take my clothes off without getting some sort of part in a movie or something. Yeah, I understand, but this is a nude photo shoot and we're actually paying you. You know, tell, did have beef jerky in the bag? I didn't make that up. Oh, okay Jerry. Here we go. It's a whole outback motie. We're going to have you pose with the Jervys here from Survivor 1, Jervys, Jerry, Jerry, service. Is C-A-Tang sweet thing? I thought I was posing with Colby. No, too expensive. We get your Vizier for like 10 bucks in a year subscription. You know, I'm not really a bitch at all in the editing. Yeah, and I'm not lazy, you'd be with kids all over the country. The tribe has spoken bitch. Let's see the mocha. One nineteen at five, sixty at WDQM Howard Dean at Routdown. He's going to stop active campaigning. He's going to continue trying to change democratic parties. He's going to support the candidate. Apartments in pair of three, three, and all these things. Okay. Seven hundred seven votes. I think that's more than he got in New Hampshire. It's like, is that what he just said? It's pretty America for ordinary people again. There you go. Now he was he was fine in the beginning, and then he had not just the, see, people want to blame the medium that's speech. That was that was a teeny tiny part of it. His performance in the debates was wulfful and somewhere along the line he lost his way. You know what I'm saying? Yep. He was on the yellow brick road doing just fine, and then Timmy died. And then after that he just couldn't find his way himself. Who is or was the hottest female celebrity of all time? Here's the double digital ones only. Merlin Monroe 87, Brittany Spirre 68, I disagree hardly. Hardly. Rack Hellwell 66, so feel around 56. Charlize Therol 31, Halle Berry's got. About thirty minutes. Can Bayes near 26, Catherine Zeeva Jones twenty, We the Hayworth 19, Jane Fonda, who's on our website today. Naked 19, Board Derek 17, Carmen Zeelecker 15, Grace Kelly 14, Liz Taylor 14, Jennifer Conley 14, Hillary Duff 14, that's a rage. Barbara Eden 13, should I have trained a dozen, Alyssa Malano 12, Theros Fossets got 11, Natalie Wood 10 and El McPherson's got 10. Now what about, what happened to Sharon Stone? What happened to Sharon Stone? She's not on the list. I thought she was on the list. Oh boy, I don't want to start ticking on Josh there, but I could be wrong. Maybe we've just not seen it. Yeah, you're not seeing it. Huh? You're just not talking one vote. Okay, just calm down now. Mr. Smarty Pancies got one vote. How could Sharon Stone have only one vote? Maybe they don't want to see Sharon Stone naked tomorrow. I think. Why not? Some of Hayes got six. Even, Ingrid Bergman's got five. That would be for they burned it with the steak. After that she didn't look too good. One vote for Poor Sharon Stone, old and used in the views. She looks so bad even now. Right? WCWM, hello. Yeah, how about Ringo's white father-bock? Oh, Barbara's box, I'm Barbara Bock. Now what do you think? Do you want to see the naked Sharon Stone pictures or not? Yeah, why not? That's your excellent answer. Thank you. Why not? Price is right. I'm just thinking that she's doing so poorly on here. I mean Jennifer Conley's got 14. And Halle's buries, of course, is God. God turned him in. And who else did we have underneath it? And Jane Fonda even, has got 19, right? Right. You might even anybody out? Not that we've done it so far. What about Janet Jackson? Oh, well. We've done Janet Jackson, but then again, so is everybody else. Do you see her? She on the list? Janet Jackson? I don't think she's on here. She does have a pair though. She's got two. She's got a pair. We've seen one. Now let's see the other. You can see on the rogers.com. You can see her pair and Justin Tinkerbell's pair too. It's a it's a for some. Now, I'll present and taste a little bit unhappy. President Bush said today he was troubled by gay weddings in San Francisco and by legal decisions and Massachusetts. That could appear the way for same sex marriage. But he declined to say whether he's any closer to backing a constitutional ban on such vows. I've watched carefully what's happening in San Francisco where licenses were being issued. Even though the law states otherwise Bush said, I've consistently stated that I'll support the lot of protect mirage between the man and the woman. Obviously, these events are influencing my decision. I'm watching very carefully, but I am troubled what I've seen Bush said. He's troubled by what he'd be seeing. He didn't answer directly when asked whether he's any closer to endorsing a constitutional ban on same sex marriages. As conservative group say the White House has assured them that Bush will do. Will he do it? I'm sure he would be much more likely. But you're seeing it as what a nice divisive hostile bigoted hateful thing that will be just in time for the election. Talk about wagging the dogs ass. WBQAM Hello. Hey, me. How you doing? Pretty good. How about inner corner Cuba? Nobody maybe I was hoping we'd get to a clock. Nobody mentioned that and George would have been very upset. I thought I heard this morning and oversight on our part. Thanks, Pally. All right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't say it. I mentioned it this morning in my own head. I mean, every time we've done these other polls that are similar to this one, you know, she always winds up there and I've played sooner or later. Somebody would call and he did. That's just out of big handicap to catch up. Right. She will. She will. She'll close up with Merleman Row and Brittany Scherz. You say that any corner of audio looks like Brittany spears that hot? No, that's not what I said. Oh, my God. If you stuck a enamel thermometer and we'd even come close. Oh, she's close. She's out of the merlin. Well, Merleman's been dead for like 40 years at her peak. Now, here's one that says it's not too late. It says it's probably too late. It's not too late. I think Kim Novak would have been good candidate for your hottest lives, not too late. You got all the way till the bar morning. And it's not like we got somebody who's so far ahead that they got like 200 votes yet. It's still a doable deed. Right. You can do the deed. But you can know that I can still do the deed. She's still alive. Oh, please say she's still alive. I'm sure she's still alive. I don't know. Kim Novak. She was on with Larry King. And I've that long ago. Uh-huh. It was either her or her body. You want to be other? There's a lot of spits on here. WQM hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Um, here's what about Kathleen Diner? Kathleen Diner. Kathleen Diner. If you just turn 86 by the way. Okay. 560560. Yeah, Kevin Diner. People will vote for her. Remember those spots you used to do? I'm going to need it. And I used to say to myself. What? I'll say what? I'm Kevin Diner. Oh, yeah. I thought you were saying I get on your nerves. And I was saying, yeah, you do. A lot. Because speaking of ways, please. By the way, the French like Jerry Lewis a lot too, David. Have a nice day. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Anyway, the French like Jerry Lewis a lot too, David, has a lot of stuff. What does that say? Just some people have got a really bad taste. What's that got to do with the Germans? They're right next to them. I see. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. Anterex diabetic is right next to it. In fact, if you live near a Walgreens or a public or an accuser, they got us for it. In fact, all over town. More and more people are drinking Anterex diabetic. A truly delicious meal replacement drink. That's made for people living with diabetes. But anybody wants to cut down their sugar when taking into account too. Because it's sweetened with splendor. So there's no nasty aftertaste like you with asked for time or saccharine recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who just can't sacrifice proper nutrition because they're in a big fan ass theory. Anterex diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you with all the essential vitamins of minerals you need for healthy life. Plus it's got fiber and yancency and slow and saturated fat and cholesterol too. Anterex diabetic is also gluten free. Electos free and an ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition. I'll bet great reads life on it. You try to rest diabetic once you'll never ever go back to whatever your drink can be full. If you'd like to get a free sample or free two pack, just call us toll free number and I'll send you one vanilla one chocolate. Call 1-866-368-3739 or you can order online at interactivetic.com. Just the comports is free samples. Be sure and top that meal sent you by for the delicious one. And when you call you get an additional special gift from mentioning my name. Call 1-866-368-3739. Don't forget to pick it up at CVS at the local Pharmacy Sananos. Navarro is Echridge, Walgreens and Pubics. We are supposed for the Elf-5-6-4. You weigh in. Thousands of Americans are victims every year. The justop at nothing to take your car. Until now, introducing the newest in auto-savv protection. The Howard Dean Carabaram. They may have looked, of course, he may have growl bar. When installed, the Howard Dean Carabaram would be turned the most crappy would be the use, the Howard Dean Carabaram. Now available in select state. Shout out to Carolina and Oklahoma. And how many soon to the rest of America? None of them are in general. They're by the sales of the Howard Dean Carabaram. They're by the L.K. and P.P. That's okay. It's over anyway. 130 at 560 WQM Med Dog at 2 the Humphorid 4 or 630. It's Panther Preview. Panthers at the Buffalo Sabres. Right down the old Hershey Highway from here. Think I got to go down to the game today? Oh yeah, Florida. Maybe I could buy it. Remember dinner after the game. Buy some wings. Panthers at the Sabres tonight. Most win. All the Sabres are how does it pistol. That'll be on QAM on Waxi 790. Got their Hurcouans basketball. Starting at 630. You con huskies in Connecticut. Josh Dero's out there. Clarences are due to game. Any K attena clocked you on Mark overnight. That's way close. First lady hopes to see Gibson move you about Christ. Aren't you relieved? Okay. First lady Laura Bush said yesterday she would love to see Mel Gibson's controversial film about the final hours of Jesus Christ, which Jewish ladies could F condemned his anti-Semitic foretrial of the crucifixion's story. Just in time for Easter No Doubt. I think it sounds very interesting. I'd like to see it the first lady told reporters while visiting a high school in Bentonville, Arkansas She had been asked if she planned to see the film The parishion of the Christ which depicts the last 12 hours of Christ's life is based on gospel accounts from the New Testament as well as the visions of a 19th century mystical none. Oh, yeah She had a vision The film opens now. They aren't all these prohibitions ago. They all have a vision Yeah, I got a vision right here The film opens next week on ass Wednesday. See what I said just coincidentally in time for all of these Shenanigans going on But it's already stirred widespread interest among US evangelical Christians a group with billions of dollars in spending power and tens of millions of votes They're outnumbered badly though. They'll find out in November It's also been condemned by Jewish leaders and say to move young fairly planes the Jews for the death of Christ and couldn't claim anti-Semitism President and post you faces a reelection vote in November is long-cored in Christian conservatives a key element of his political base of Our business in our right wing lunatics the lunatic right wing fringe as we were just talking only moments ago WQ and hello Hello, yes, sir I was in it on my car He's the name you're looking for earlier with a gene cleat in the semi-conplay that now the name where is dang Kennedy Uh, the lady for them to get warning show was it change place in I said that at one point then I said I don't know was game Kennedy Yet your grits are okay. Thanks. Have a nice thing in YouTube. See I was right for once in my life It was Jane Klesen. See when you said Jane Klesen I said I don't know who that is and He used to be honest. Yes morning show all eyes a Jane Kennedy I know personally that came to mind though. They like completely light first of it right right well You know a Jane by any other name with smell the same plane j WQA and whatever happened to well baby WQM hello 2 am Uno de os trace Too late for just a second there if I've scotty mac was gonna start counting yeah WQM was did 2 am Yeah, no, it was game Kennedy was in the morning show Yeah, so I know a black light skin this right just called us wrong Well, who is dang Klesen she was also a Naker which you swipe the one that he's talking about was from like dark skin I See I mean dark skin they're gonna be wrong. She was like light. She was like a light mollado right She was Jane Kennedy who had done sports for she went to that exactly that's when I was thinking of right Okay, thanks, Pally and have a great day. She had told it was Jane Kennedy tonight. I was trying to make her Jane Klesen You know who we need to get on this case who perimacen What is right he's dead? He's at a macy's heart. It is boyfriend still around 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Marvel's not We still take a few more names on here. Don't forget we got another half an hour for Scott to wait to see you today Scott says dying the Qm band of Cia He's at the Shell station on just west of I and I need five unsure in the streets stop by to register when a pair of tickets to see the Marlins on opening They against the Montreal Expose and don't forget Trevor kid blows rhymes with expose WQM hello Hey Neil good afternoon and back to you I There's one that I can't believe you forgot He hasn't been in the movies last couple years Jordanna Brewster Donkey Brewster I've actually made some mean punky pie though Who is it again Jordanna Brewster Jordanna Brewster who I don't know George I do is that what she been in I guess she was in What's that horrible movie would fin diesel? Wouldn't have seen it and she was in some other movie where the ice cool was like All turned into zombies. Who's another excellent sounds like my kind of movie. Okay, thanks pal. I will put a runner Jordan and Brewster get around there We have no idea who that is but put around her anyway 5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 if somebody will vote for it. We'll put it on right right Why not then we put Katy price did we actually put a runner or what Katy Kirk? Don't put Katy Kirk on there mister Katy price has a vote so in that and there was a said who facts that in said the kid he voted and which I like I like that No point call something in then you don't vote for it unless of course you don't have no PC or you're too cheap to go out the internet cafe Avaga bore vanity Barbara Carrera Kim Novak Goldie Han Cheryl Tiggs and Jordan and Brewster them is but the rest of them have any out of 769 vote man and both guys as I can know back is still alive Old in fact I told you she was our Larry King just a month or two ago The King myster somebody under the age of 80s got to watch a month in a while WQAM hello Yeah, we want a mobile. Yes, Lou how you done? Okay, you know what you got for me Can't lane turn or all right That's right and not too bad have a great day, Lou. All right. That's a facts about her. Did you really can't lane turn No came to Ted turn or turn her over or page turner, Bob contender. WQM hello They deal with so many I do and say I got one of some a high-ac She's honored. You got six votes already. She's zooming up the list. Oh, a little late man. Thanks, man That would never be a great name for an actress page turner very good. Wow. I love that or a writer Winona How about Dave Ryder Love this trucks WQM hello Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to add Julie new marks. Cowellon. Julie new mar You got it. Thanks. Thanks, man Ad Julie new mar. You got it Josh. Can you handle all this? I can handle it. You can he's handling it Unfortunately, George is watching so he's handling it very carefully. You Murphy per I got to get just a couple of these on I had such a pile here and then we got the Eight million names for list which is good keep these people off the streets keeps a occupied keep some of the firm grip on the On the stick In a sweeping apology to Long Island Catholics along with the first full accounting of the total sexual abuse scandal In New York in Long Island anyway. We've pushed you a pointy of Murphy to scoges yesterday that a hundred and thirty two people Famous I watch it listen these numbers. Okay? 132 persons famed there were sexually abused by 66 Catholic priest and religious brothers since the dice Was founded 1957 what's 266 132 So that's a nice even two a piece every priest gets a pair on Long Island For all of this I've apologized many times before I apologize again because I know that is a Catholic bishop in the US I will go to my grave with an odds that I can never make up a restore to the victims the innocence lost and Suffering experience day in and day out by those who were victimized as well as their families not to mention the course of ones who committed suicide The leader of Long Island Catholics said that I see it paid more than three point eight million dollars for therapy and legal settlements And the remaining ten million dollars currently set aside in the special fund will be used to assist victims until it's exhausted and the priest are exhausted and Camelista more kids I scone tops phony W2AM hello QAM Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Anybody called in for the number ten bowed there. Yes, they did It did what about Katherine the note Did we put a runner and somebody mentioned did we put a run? Yes, we put a run. Thanks for both, huh? See try to any over to They're both on her there's the former football player says she was raped to the news by criticizing night disabilities at the place kicker How do you like that? And I pronounce your name right how else would you pronounce it? H&I D and nothing will be fired and be raped in good old matter You can try this guy. What is it called? They respect your ability. I mean you could be 90 years old, but if you can go out play they were special. Well, Katie was Katie was a girl and I always knew girl. She was terrible If this guy he had to be strong up that'll let his ass You're a Barnett the football coach of Colorado. You gotta be strong up. I'll bring the rope She was terrible So I saw in other words the the not so subtle hint is that well, they didn't have any respect for her That's why she got raped at it. Right? That's why they just used an abuse there because she just sucked in they had no confidence in her Maybe she didn't suck you know the male players that aren't good. They get raped That's correct. That's part of the ritual man. It's part of the initiator It's part of the entry process 20 till two Absolutely, no, please believe me if anybody knows it's the moment Absolutely, and raped more times than anybody than any allie woman in America put together. That's just this week Let me tell you right now since everybody in there everybody in the world is talking about Actions man. I said if he could have been this popular when he was alive he'd alone us about 10 million If you're on the actin's died or any of their low carb die like the South Beach died Which I understand is working for some people low carb sugar free. That's where it's at there's a store That is dedicated all of you the lights of West Boca when you go into your supermarket See save the supermarket for your meat and your fish and your cheese and all of that stuff the eggs But when you go to the lights of West Boca you'll find a thousand other low carb products to choose from things with some taste with some variety Which is what you need to stay on that diet, which no matter how good it is for it's pretty damn boring They got breads and bagels at the lights cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolate ice cream They got pasta fantastic sources. They got ketchup and cheese cakes and lots more at the lights You'll find a biggest selection anywhere of these low carb sugar free products They're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 you can try anything to store before you're by their staff knows Atkins died in inside an out-and-spot speaking of Atkins. They've got the most complete line of Atkins brands products anywhere They're on sale today next sockets Easter Sunday every day. The low carb bat now is the most talked about program in the world So head to the number one low carb sugar free store anywhere the lights are West Boca on the Northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1 877 low carb that's with a W L O W C A R B or on the web. It's low carb dot com Don't forget there's only one the lights are West Boca's your official atkins retail center watch your step doctor lu Pal vitalia a lot of names You rolled or saw sports academia W Ooh A lover A 부분이 Roman Mary, hope it's all a game of illusion To leave the life that gains the decision What's the point of seeing their reign What's the point of seeing their reign What's the point of seeing their reign Plaining or in the closet Madness, which won't happen Pushed, he is welcoming As long as they go to that solid thing Two guys or two girls, he thinks they are all free So pray for it, she girl's life will be here Re-winds or at that point, I'll pull that into Pushed, he is welcoming Pushed, he is welcoming Yeah, that's the point of seeing their reign What's the point of seeing their reign What's the point of seeing their reign 146 at 5.60 WM, we have a virtual team Says Captain Tom, guess what Captain Tom He's got one and a vote two She's on this Kathleen Turner, she's on there too Maybe this guy's given me four somebody said it Why do I told Josh that I got to see it I see Kathleen Turner is on there, and there are so many You know, let's see, sure who's not Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha So little term, this one is amusing She says surely Boothah, sorry, might as well end Rupal, well surely Boothah, he's talking about a long time It will be for any of us who are born, I guess That's what he says And who is beyond, say maybe she should have separated real actresses From the wannabes She's a celebrity, if she's not an actress, she's at least a kind of a singer You said celebrity, not actors Right Who is the hottest female celebrity of all time? Is Brittany a real actress? She's even a real singer She's a celebrity, she's a famous person What about you, your Roberts? No, okay, we just, we just said they're doing the yesterday And we decided that you don't like her all that much Is that what we decided? No, what you said? You said you can't stand you ever I already You said you, you said you, you said you, you said you, you said you, you said you, you said you, you said you, you said you, you said that bitch I'm not exactly, I should not what you said No, I don't know what you said You said she was okay That's such a fine I don't think she's all like great, because she's like skinny See, I don't know if I real super skinny people all of the attractive I just, you know, I agree they could be very nice people We're very good at what they do Which I think she's a, she's a good actress And she takes a lot of unnecessary crap Because people don't like her for whatever reason They'll Audrey Hepburn skinny And there you go, there's another one So we can put Julia Roberts on her Audrey Hepburn was like a, she was like pencil thin What I suggested is that you watch Aaron Brockovich Yeah, which is a surprisingly good movie Now is that a civil war movie or a western? Both WQM hello We can put civil war studio Robert WM We're radio just way up there ask WQM hello What about Sharon Stone? She's on there Oh, how about one for the Jews? Gene of Gershin Who does that? Oh, she's gorgeous Okay There's a gorgeous Jewish for it Gene of Gershin I have no idea She was in showgirls with Elizabeth Berkley But she's got a, a me a space Gene, I'd like to have her duty to you No, tight Nobody is that me, Skye No, not me WQM hello Good afternoon Neil Good afternoon Mr Hey, you made references for you And then Natalie would floating in it She's floating on it, yeah She's floating on it Well, you were talking about that, a Kamala commercial Right Right, you know that that lady died today So all they used to do that No, but getting that said we were talking about it Oh my god That's probably a magical She died yesterday or today, but so I heard it on the news All be damned That's why we talked about it earlier when we hit the list of people who just died But thanks anyway 567 You know that lady died the one who just imagines to say you're floating in it You're soaking in it, you're sucking in it Oh no No, no, no, palm out of lady What are we going to soak in that, soaking in that green crap And they always, and they always hit their hands in a bowl And even guys Oh, Gene, remember that? For the gay Guys who like bit their fingernails down That they're knuckles and they hit their hands in that green mung Oh, you're soaking in it A lot of fat Man, this one is not going to taste too good I think that's always a good idea It's like to soak your hands in this one That's probably why she died I mean, God eventually will get to it Sometimes these little slowies get along with these working on Okay, but sooner or later he'll get around you So keep a screw in around you'll see WQAM hello Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good I was saying I got the pussy galore I think was played by honor blackman That's correct, you right? She was a lesbian at the beginning and bond converter by the end And she's so good real quick one You can hurt her on the end One dropped dead, faves, one fortunately met the real Charlie's Angels Sharon Tate Okay Sharon Tate won't see her in a mull She met her fate She met her fave for Sharon Tate From that guy I hate But Charlie's still living in the mansion Yeah, I still say I don't care I don't care what the laws are She should have just fried his ass a long time ago I'm just going to stop at his bull crap, you know? Always making exceptions for the lowest of the low lives The scumbags and he can't spell scumb without 560 pound 560 on the AT&T And Verizon wireless lines Speaking of scumb If your carpets look like crap If they got all kinds of mung not only on the surface but down deep into five as your carpet Believe you me, it's down a pleasant thing Set a spending thousands and thousands of dollars to run by brand new carpeting Do the smart thing like I've been doing for over 20 years in my homes Just make one easy call to dry concepts Why would you talk to anybody else because these people are the best and the business of bringing your carpet back to life looking brand new and Nobody else in a world does that exclusive patented throttling thing that they do Which sucks the deep down through the fibers in your carpet Believe in them looking like I said brand new and spouting on any fresh too So when you carpets need to be clean next time or your area arrives your draper your repository whatever it is Trust the people have been doing it in time for over 20 years dry concepts They'll give you a written guaranteed price of any work upfront before they start to job no rip off No worries just a beautiful unbeatable job every time and when you call dry concepts Be sure to ask them to put you understand by list which can save you 15 percent on your next carpet cleaning by dry concepts Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071 they'll never disappoint I guarantee it 1-800-248-5071 or log out of their website at dryconcepts.com I knew that the goal in Texas is a real world. I believe we're going to California in the art of the United States. I believe we're going to California in Texas in the middle of the United States. I believe we're going to California in Texas in the middle of the United States. And we're going to California in Texas in the middle of the United States. We're going to South Dakota in Mexico and we definitely expect a little bit to be seen by some of the people in the United States. I believe we're going to have a nice day man. I believe we're going to watch it if you see the next act of one house. How are you? He's come to an cabinet here so he blew it. And that's in his campaign he's done. He dropped out today in case you've been sleeping, case you've been under rock. Howard Dean said by by thanks for the memories but that's it. See there was one problem you know what was. Was that his wife you doing in the election? Oh yeah. He did a lot of great things. He inspired a lot of young people. He did that internet thing was family list. He raised millions of dollars which he flushed on the toilet. He never less and many let a lot of people down I think. Performance was weak. It was kind of like Al Martino's voice in the Godfather was weak. Yeah. 826 votes. Let's get a couple more names for the list few weeks before we leave. Some of these people are frantic. WQAM hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Well. The black speaking deal. You're speaking to him. Hi, Neil. I want to put it down on a read. Down a read. Yeah. Okay. I'm not even alive anymore. She's alive. She's gorgeous. And if not we'll figure out for okay. Thanks bro. Dyer read. Oh. You think he's serious? No. But we'll put her on her anyway. Why not we put Hazel on there. Are you knocking Hazel? Although I do like a nice Hazel. Once in a while. You like Hazel lot of ice cream? I love Hazel nuts. He's not can surely in the old booth. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. How about a quarter coba she on there? We just put her on it. We just stuck her three trucks right on her pool. I know every time I say that you get all upset. That's okay. I've seen her okay. I've seen her. Okay. He's the old beard. He's what she's the beard lady. I mean when somebody tells her okay. One third. I said. I said. I'll probably. But when I started with and we get glaciers. Okay. That's when people start raising their eyebrows. You can be paying falling on a floor. Life and even my good friend and Ricky would his teeny tiny pink hair. We're gonna have to do with her legs. Which are not things she just happens to have key trucks. You're a blind man. Redwoods. We have a poster is bigger than life on the wall. What her leg? Yes. She's only got one. I see. Who is or was the hottest female? So you get really testy about that in a corner. If you listen. If you can find her if she'll agree. I have a great time. You got that permission. I'll give you the old pink. You got the old pink. I'll give you the old pink. I'll give you the pink. I think Ricky Carlos is wearing it now. I'll give you the old pink. Marilyn Monroe is leading. Which I think is like the Rascal House of Hollywood beauties. I mean, she was fine. And I went her day. She had a look. She had a look. She had a mole. And her face was. It was okay. The rest of her was great. But her face. I don't know. She oozed sex appeal. Right. She was oozing it. And then, in fact, now if you open up the crypt. She's probably still oozing a little bit. Marilyn Monroe 95. Probably Peter Loughford has got the part of him is in there too. Britney Spears 70. Six. Oh, that's bad. Just change again. 77. Right. Kyle Wells also 77. She's even Steve with Britney. She's right up to her ass. So, Phil around 61. Halle's very sturdy for Charlize. They're all 32. Katherine Zina Jones, 27. Can basically her 26. Hillary Dough. Little Hillary's got 21. She's 40. You tell me, she's 16. I wouldn't know. Well, you saw that picture. You said me with Tom Walling. And he wasn't even swelling. Of course, he's probably. Let's see. Jane 5 to 19. We the Hayward 19. Bold Derek 19. Barbara Eden 18. Love Barbara Eden. Jennifer Conley 16. Grace Kelly the beautiful. For steam. Grace Kelly. Classy. One of the most exactly. One of the classiest looking ladies in the history of the human race. She's only got 16 votes. What's wrong with you guys, man? Because she wasn't a slut. That's the problem. A little bit too classy for this crowd. Liz Taylor 15. Carmen Lector 15. Ferris Fossett 15. Remember they moved to Burning Bed? Yes. It's better. That was nasty. You know who that guy reminds me of? Oh, the guy. I've seen him in a few other things. They got to play the crazed killer there. Right. You wanted to keep throwing in the fireplace and he had with the box spray. He's strained his eyes. Which I thought was a box spray. That was amazing. Here reminded me of Bo Deedle. Did he stop? Stop it. I got that. What is the name? Somebody will let us know. But that afternoon reminds me exactly of Bo Deedle. Maybe he was spraying to kill the old Deedle. Bo Deedle. You think? I mean, we're sad you're eating a little bit. Anyway, so we got a lot of votes on here. And believe you, me. You got a good choice. You got plenty good choices. Sharon Stone, like a naturally a booby opening or boobies for on our website tomorrow. Jim Nandich. He's a booby man. He's coming up next to the Humphor at four who's seen a few of them. And then we got the Panthers at Buffalo. Big game tonight. Bye bye. Thank you. I'm so much so. I'm so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so much so much. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. Hey, there's a looted one. I don't mess up pickle.