We love those mountains baby. They are weirdy on rock solid Oh, those are totally Oh, those are totally Oh, yeah, so we're turning old five six So you can weigh in my belly for a bloody day though The church owner of a boat, a rat Five six I don't even know if he's only that kind of We said, you know, we're under a ship One half now five six We're an old five six Oh, my god So here's the leaf, where the open There's no one Damn it We're no one I can't really know what's on We're going to call each other We're going to call each other We're going to call each other I do some more things Take them, scream nice and loud Yeah Get me some words and a fat shriek hat I don't care if they ain't got my wretched feeling Use you to the torture Cause they're just playing their game In the past It had to be worse with the dumb who say Oh, William said we died Turn football Oh, quick, hey, I can't hear you do this I want to stroke your legs And trick your practice by breathing though Welcome Together's hope is with now a fooling us outside For the season You dash my hopes of very smooth Here's what I'll be my eyes Oh, no, there's reason And I'm so happy to There's a way to stay together And my trail Is then I find you no longer here You down and get my life set so pale here And throw the hearts full of the sportswear And I want those things to sound That you don't need to hide It's your dreams I want to find out Of the happiness of the show And I want these backs of like so whole way Oh, those are the best way to be Oh, the shack bones we can see I'm dying out of here 10 out to 5, 6, the WQM What are we going to do about Ricky and Shack and Shack and Ricky And all of this craft now What are we going to do about that cryo Oh, yeah Boy, better keep this thing cranked up all the time 13 every 80 votes on Georgia's pulleys That if we get the marons in the fillets And let me tell you let's tip our hands to those marlins Because I don't care help us in this last rating book Not only are we number one on QA and we're number one by about 400 miles Even a morning show while a morning's number two But once the last time mornings were number two, huh? In men? I don't know It a long time since I think before Abe Lincoln was a baby But at any rate We kicked some serious cash and the marlins at night 7 PM to midnight And leave it to fatboard humanist going to point this out But before he pointed that out he said Hi, howdy But anyway, that kind of like through my day off a little bit But the 7 of midnight, number let's see who's number one at night It's a hot, I believe, hot 105 Louis Care Oh, yeah, hot 105 They must have the marlin came in blackies But how about a rackerel vama for emperor I say man, that guy's great You didn't see him, I didn't, I saw other he's Oh, he's good And he's articulate and he's everything that you dark folks ought to be Another was fired to be This is about what he talks white, you know what kind of crap is that? He's articulate, he speaks like a human being he's great He's going to be president someday, you mark it down Break it out, you're right on your armpit I'll mark it, Dane QBA Look at this, WQBA was number 21 in the winter book You know, like when there's no baseball going on Right, I had a 1.1 share in this screen book They just gave out yesterday, there's second with a 6.5 share at night Because they got the marlins in his body, you old and QM which has the marlins in English A 6.1 from 19 from type 19 to number 3 At night Oh, yes, we got the marlins in the fillies As the marlins try to complete a 4 game sweep against a team that they own They still put up your fillies at 12.30 pre in the afternoon What a clock is the game time Don't worry about a little rain, okay? Don't worry about a little rain, I'm worried about it because boy that would be the bad But they'll get that game in because it's a huge game And it means a lot and they want to get in Plus, when you have an early game like that Zach, what was that game that the postball because they went in About three and a morning couple weeks ago remember that? Yeah, maybe maybe a little longer No, they had a game that went on for, well, you don't pay attention to marlins Oh, yeah, do you sometimes Here, what? Josh Cortis isn't here today because he's after with Dave and Bryan trying to butcher him up a little bit before the game Doing his marlins work, so we got Fedsack cramps in there today Who came to eat with us? I mean came to run the board, which is why the open I guess was screwed up A little bit Was it plain but I just couldn't hear it as Anthony? Yeah, it was played but the right button wasn't pressed there For you to hear it. I see, well, it does make a difference 1380 votes on little Georgia's podium Today, what is the stupidest religion in the world? I would say all the above would be my thought I would see that on here No, it's not because that would be cop out come on pick one Oh, so I voted for a Christianity All right, because that whole nail in Jesus on the cross and drinking his blood thing That's just kind of like that kind of like leaves me limp You know, and eating the way for eating his body Reminds me that all you can eat that thing That's filled it. You know what I mean? Are you sure? Yeah, I might even play that. That'll kill a lot of good times He says the Church is so either Anyway, the stupidest religion in the world's Scientology 387 people that are watching themselves all of you voted They're going to be monitoring your male listening in on your phone calls And that's what I voted for. Making up nasty. Oh, Georgia's a pick it on the Scientologist You better watch your time cruising John Revolta Mr. And at least somewhere you play our pressley That's the alley, should I sit on me? You only wish No, oh, yeah, come on In the alley Yeah, I said he was honest Oh, I was looking at that with that I can't remember D.S. We had to be in Crington. That is a fine, fine photo. She's wet. And she's all wet. She's in the water. And she's like soaking wet. And there's a boobies right there. John Ayescroft, they could be too happy If you sit there and linger Depending on what you do with your finger But just take a look at Cameron D. As if you're with the age of 100 And it's not going to get too emotional. Don't take any C.L.S. Survivor stuff like that. Well, you won't need to. Good picture. So there's a Cameron D.S. Behind the scenes. I got she was born August 30, 1972 And said he was California. Everybody knows Cameron D.S. Wasps is her new movie that she's making right now. Shrek 3 for 2006 in her shoes. But she's she's got 85,000 Project when I write now. She was the voice of Princess Fiona In Shrek 2. Charlie Zangelsville, Throttle Gaines of New York. But she's been an Abin in movies. Everybody knows Cameron D.S. So on some days we're free and good. Other days. I don't know. Right. Yeah. She's got her good moments in bad. But then again, who doesn't? Well, a lot of us are. That's her thing. She's a bad guy. Yeah. Sometimes she looks really hot. Now the times kind of like looping more. Another time like looped Skywalker. Fundamental Christianity was second. The second stupidest religion in the world. 255. Your hope is witness is 158. Santeria 153. We are probably out of play. I bet you did. The cafeteria Santoria. No. Why not? I forgot. What a kills him. Good time. Islam 119. All in mind. Don't be saying that Islam. You're going to have your own. It's nice having your own flying carpet. I don't want to pick on it because every one of these villages has got the most stupidity other things that they get people to do things by wrote. Nobody just buying your right of repetition whether it's Hail Mary's or fallen down on the carpet and do it all in. Right. Slag's and lay themselves with chains. That's like they're. That didn't get on here. Oh, Shintoism is last place only two because nobody knows what that is. Right. Islam 119. Catholicism 70 but you better win my Royal Attachies. They're the beads or all the. Oh man. Chain there. It's great. Christianity 62 just not including course. Right. Right. The Lord and their children. Christianity where we don't have all those other fellows and Terry. Babbles and bangles and beads like the Catholic Church. Kabbalah. Kabbalah. Yeah. 57. It's good enough for Brittany. You're going to be good enough for everybody. Mormon 56. We don't have any more. Let's do anything more. Thanks to you keep picking on him. We just have a more. We want to talk about our number one. No, yeah. Time. The Mormons are great. They're nice. They're nice and in a crispy clean. They were nice white shirts and ties. And everybody's watching the whole. You're step right and try to give you a song and dance about Joseph Smith and Palvaman. You're. Ever been to Palvaman in New York. No. Don't. You don't want to. No matter who you are or where you are. You don't want to go there. I've never been there. But I know where it is and believe me. You don't want to go to even Elmirony York is better enough for Palmiron. The Amos 33 and of course we can pick on him all we want because he can't listen to the way. They can look at it. They just can't. No. Oh, and as you miss, somebody else is ready. So if you have a radio accent in your Amos, we apologize for. For a few sleep. If you hear this. I was in Barbaric and I apologize. So need you are. Judy is in 17. Oh. Are you sure they're separated to put Orthodox to the top? Okay. This is and you should know from your former accountant there. Right. I want my own gear. I want to fur-hone. Never forget that day when we first started on the station. We surely thereafter were down in the second floor and Georgia's accountant was in Orthodox Jew. Rod and need to fill in. Right. And he practically cut off your circulation. Almost kill little George right there in New York studio with his lawyer to fill in. Judy is in 17. Hindu is in 17 which we don't know too much about that. At least I don't. Well, I didn't know that. That was Indian people really smell. Well, I know not all of them. Some of them are very- the Indian people are wonderful people just like a senator said in the godfather 2. They're wonderful people but yeah. Very thing. Was that in godfather 2 or 1? 2. That was in 2 because the senator wasn't in godfather 1. That was about Vegas and about to. Yes indeed. And then he was in bed with a hooker and a came in like. How did he build it before? I don't know what happened. So, I'm four. Which they were all here. I told you the, what's his name was here a few weeks ago? Dali Yada. Dali Lama was here. And everybody was out on the streets seeing hello Dali and it was very boring. And now we're the same purple things but that sash. And since it was in his last place too when nearly 1400 votes on stupid religion which is certainly redundant. No question about that. Because people generally are wicked. They want to be led by the nose and fed a song and dance and you're going to live internally with the other day Muslims have the thing with the 7 of virgins. Also the crap. Believe me once they put your ass in a box that's it boys and girls. Do you have to have a great time right now. There's no doubt about it. Well how do you know Neil I know trust me. Neil god. No. Here's today's pool. Well I don't want to spend a lot of time on these ratings. Today's pool I don't know I do have a choice. You never want to find a bit by got a good choice. You think is the most underrated actress movie or TV of all time. You know who I picked? Who to pick? Gene Stapleton. Well now. Do you mind I know why? I know why but I want you to think about it and I want to say that's all I think of Whereas because she's been a lot of good things. Right. Which he's a brilliant articular woman. Yes. And she speaks like a real person but then again when you see all in a family. Almost everybody with all in the family thinks of a curler kind of artie and she's a good girl. But her acting in that show is just fantastic. And poet. She was what was all about right it. Okay. How do you mean to say eat it anymore? I'm sorry. I apologize for you. Gene Stapleton. You got a choice? Underrated actress? I'm not thinking about it a couple of good words but I want to think of it. Okay. Ponder it. So we'll get some more from the audience for that. That's our pool today. We're only here at 1230 so we're better talk real fast. And tell you a lot of spots. What? What? Well we got him. Hey, let me tell you right now boys and girls. We kicked him serious ass net. We'll guess today we got some bonus money coming. We're number one. So what was happening? Seriously. It's very smarty coming because we in thanks to the audience again. We don't want to want to thank them profusely for a why we're in these. I mean for helping us out. Whatever the hell it was. Whatever whatever it was that we'll take it. Even mo and the yellow. Well we don't know the R by hour but you will in a few days I'll be on vacation but you'll be able to ponder that whole thing next week when the hour next time out. And pass it along and find out whether it was more or Joe or maybe it was we just had our mo Joe work in the morning. And the afternoon was number one. Right. And we had just a humongous eight here. Number one by a mile by threefold points. I rise. Let's see. Look for the QM van today 11 o'clock at the Shell station on Sheridan Street. Do not get gas there please that shell gas. Just west of I-95. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the Marlon Philicame. Oh look at this look at this. Oh this Miguel man. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the Marlon Philicame tonight at the pro. I just finished promoting the game as it won't clock and put it all this Miguel. And I don't know if that is going to let's read tickets you've reloaded from me. Oh Miguel. I hear a football man. That's an amazing one. Then who did it? I don't know. Right. Some of the it. You're an idiot Frank whoever you are. These are good. But okay. So he's a good guy. He's an idiot. Maybe the presidency would guide out it but he might be. But that's also an idiot. When you're moving you're renovating that's the best time to dial 1-800 mattress. Make that first night in Dreamhouse heavily with a brand new top quality brand name mattress and dial a mattress and don't forget you still pick the eight and time for delivery that two hour schedule to fit your move in schedule and dial a mattress on time 99.7% of the time. Nobody's 100% perfect but that's pretty dang close. And nobody's got a better selection of queen and king size mattress that's ready for me to deliver the dial a mattress. When you call 1-800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress at a discount price. The dial a mattress is right number one in Christomers satisfaction they were winners of the 2004 that are business bureau local church of excellence award. When you call 1-800 mattress you'll choose to complete line of silly sird a king corals Simmons never be to aid. Stearns and foster hewitt. Everybody if QM has been doing it I haven't called him for years you ought to be doing the same call 1-800 mattress. They'll be there in no time at all. Log out at macros.com if you want or make that call to have a great night sleep tonight. And for years to come 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. This is for 20-5-6-2-A-N. Don't, don't, don't. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Hewitt time for your animal. But she's mom. None other animal. Kids just hate getting animals. And mom's hate giving them. But now there's a friend. The animal that kids just love. Introducing you, M&N. That can't be go to chocolate and the mother that they're getting cleaned up. Hey mom, can I have another animal? I don't know Billy, that makes your third animal today. Please. Well, okay. Cool. And this time I want a green one. Well, sorry son, I took all the green ones. I did my two boys. You, M&N. M&N. Mails in your butt. Not when you're had. I've seen it five, six, you WQM happy Thursday, two years. So, these two sheets, so that you just said me about WI with these sucks, we already know that. What is this supposed to do? My boy I brought him in for me. Oh, I figured it was from my high boy. WIOD. Oh, I hate that stage. It really is, it doesn't mean anything. Just a butt out. Okay, big butt out. Oh, a fack boy. WI-V went in the tank. Big time in a subbook. I mean, big, big time. Look at that middays. Middays. It's a little bit more than 8.0 share in the M&N 2554. Our target is demographic. And WIOD dropping like a rock. Where did I came and find him? Where did I learn that? Oh, there they are. They're in the second page. From a 6.4 number, three and men in a winter rating book in a screen book, they'd wrap all the way to a tie for nine, so the 3.6. A disaster. And a mitigated disaster. WIOD in the mornings, they went through the four and in the afternoon, the noon's, the schmit, my stupid, whatever it was name is, went from number two with the 5.9 and went to work to a 4.9 number two, number two, number nine, you have to know they're dropping off the face of the globe. Because all that right wing crap is falling out of fashion. Russian, Russian, light and Russian junior, all about, forget about it. And evidently, everybody has. It's a lovely thing to see. John Blondell says somebody, well, there you go. I remember that picture we had a John Blondell last week. I think it was, it was the week before. It says, John Blondell is my nominee, is the most underrated actress, very, very underrated, great assets and a fantastic attitude and a head of her time. This is the same fact that it fact about the perky breast in the last time. Thank you very much. John Blondell, say not there. We'll get a few for the poll. So we did the men the best actor last two day. We go two day. And we've been postponing this one forever. Never, I sure hope we get some names on here. Otherwise, it's going to be a very limited poll if it gets my breath. Now, let's see if this other problem all is on here is as screwed up as the first one. Now, what's the deal? When they go by their shell station, a lot of the talk to Swayer, they're going to get free tickets for the Saf and News volunteer game or why? I don't know. And during the beginning of that break, I couldn't hear the, I mean, we're having a little bit of a rocky time. What is that? What is that? That was that could get it. Zach again, huh? I just discovered about Zach. He has one talent. It's called eating. That's it. For example, when I asked him before about the ball game thing, when you were on vacation, everything you asked Zach, you could say, what? What is it? Yeah. Yeah. That's it, huh? I'm busy eating. Man, don't be bugging me. I'm eating over here. He just carted those up and Josh was playing those. Right. What a joke. We got to go to something. Yeah, that's right. He's good at it, man. He can clean the plate, clean the table. I'll be watching the dude here at him. Anybody drops a few crumbs on the floor. He'll clean that up for you too, man. He'll look it right up. That's what Clarence told me. So, anyway, we got the poor Zach sitting in there. He's waiting for lunch. Who's bringing the food today? How is it? How is his bring the food again? They're great. How is we all the bacon, although let's not overdo it. All overkin little time to how is. Let's get to somebody else in there. And you want to present to the imported beer in QN6 to 8 tonight's the win dixie. Look at it. It's 6.711. It's 40th street in Miami. Stop by the spin that veal for Marlon tickets and other prizes. 6 o'clock tonight at the win dixie out 67th and bird road for those of you who are there to go to date County. Good luck to you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This is the first story before we get to these calls and names for the pool and what it brought us. We're going to do this very brief next couple of hours that we got four to the wait time is slipping away already. And that bad. Oh, right. Oh, man. Love me short shows. Present and George W. D. Votious taking powerful anti-depressant drugs to control his erratic behavior, depression and paranoia. Capital Hill Blue has learned. This is a great website, Capital Hill Blue. And they're not like liberal and I've conservative. They're like right down in the middle. But they rip everybody who deserves it, which is a lot of people. The prescription drugs administered by Colonel Richard J. Tubb, the White House physician, can impair the president's mental faculties and be crease both his physical capabilities and his ability to respond to a crisis administration aids admit privately. His mental faculty is limited as they already are. It's a double aid source says one aid. We can't even fly off the handle at this size provocation. We also need a person who is alert mentally. Tubb prescribed the anti-depressants after a clearly upset bush. Stormdob stage angel, I, a three-fusing to answer report is questioned about his relationship with undiated and run executive Kenny Lay. Keep those mother efforts away from me. He screamed in an aid batch stage. If you can't, I'll find someone who can. How do you like that? Now how come the mainstream media has been reporting this? So come way after read about this in Capital Hill Blue, which is on our website. Now seriously, how come the mainstream media has been reporting this? How come both blitzquake is not there shouting this from the rooftops? And Dan Radar and Tom Brokeh, but his bad freaking speech defect, huh? I mean we saw the video clip of him storming off the stage and that's the end of it. That's all you hear because it's bad for business. It's bad for the bush mice to win for our Nazi leaders. Keep those mother efforts away from me. He screamed if you can't, I'll find someone who can. Bush's mental stability has become the topic of Washington, Whispers, and Recent Months, Capital Hill Blue first reported on the 4th of June 4th about increasing Concern among White House Aids over the president's wide mood swings and Upseen Outbursts. This is the man who was going to bring morality and decency back to Washington and his vice president's drop in F bombs in Congress and the Senate and this mother is dropping mother efforts towards all over the place. Upseen Outbursts, how do you like that? David. Although GOP loyalist dismissed to be purchased anti-Bush propaganda, the reports were later confirmed by prominent George Washington University's psychiatrist, Dr. Justin Frank, in his book Bush on the couch inside the mind of the president. Dr. Frank diagnosed the president as a paranoid, megalomaniac and untreated alcoholic whose lifelong streak of Satan's emerging from childhood pranks, like using firecrackers to explode frogs to insult and journalists glowing over state executions and pumping his hand briefly before the bombing of Baghdad showcased Bush's instability, in other words he's, are waving lunatic. I just mentioned this if you think about voting this year. I was really very unsettled by him and I started watching everything he didn't reading what he wrote and watching him on videotape. I felt he was disturbed, Dr. Frank said he fits the profile of a former drinker whose alcoholism has been arrested but not treated. Dr. Frank's conclusion has been praised by other prominent psychiatrist including Dr. James Grotsstein, Professor at UCLA Medical Center and Dr. Irvin Yalom, Chalom Yalom, MD Professor Meredith Steadford University Medical School sounds a couple of year laughs to me. Dr. Frank is also worried about the wisdom of giving powerful anti-depressant drug through a person with the history of chemical dependency. You follow me miss? Yep. Bush is an admitted alcoholic although he never saw treatment in a formal program and stories about his cocaine uses a younger man stories about his cocaine use as the younger man haunted his campaigns for Texas Governor in his first campaign for president. President Bush is an untreated alcoholic with paranoid and megallamaniac tendencies Dr. Frank gets. The White House did not return phone calls seeking comment on this article. Although the exact drugs Bush takes to control his depression behavior or not know why House sources say they are powerful medications designed to bring his erratic actions under control. Occurrental top regularly releases a synopsis of the president's annual physical details of the president's self and age drugs between the numeracy are not public record or are guarded veilously by the secret of cadre of AIDS that surround ill president. Veteran White House Watcher say he built a control information about Bush's health. Either physical or mental is similar to Ronald Reagan's second term when AIDS managed to conceal the president's increasing memory lapses that signal the onslaught of Alzheimer's disease. It also brings back memories of Richard Nixon's final days when the as soon to resign president wandered the halls and talked to portraits of former president's the stories that the merchant till after Nixon left orifice. One long time GOP can something who for obvious reasons has not to be identified cities advising his Republican congressional candidates to keep their distance from Bush. We have to face the real pot. Oh, this is this is the best paragraph I've ever read on the year. Okay, I want you to open up all right years. Open up every echo more fishing your body right now. And work clearly. We have to face the very real possibility that the president of the United States is loony tunes. That's not good for my candidates. It's not good for the party and certainly not good for the country. That's a long time Republican political consultant who said our president is loony tunes and by the way, Walter Lance and Mike Lance are too happy about that. Wow, 27 after ten and five. Some things, I've been a QAN. How about let's put little merry melodies till 1230. There we go. Hey, if you're on the acumen, the South Beach Sugar Busters are any low Carb Sugar Free Diet and we invite you to head forward to the D. Lights of West Boca for years now. The lights are up thousands of low carb divers just like you achieve their weight loss goals. And now the lights of West Boca celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discuss about the 50% off on low carb product. So I've got a lot of products like Carboli pure delight, carb sense and lots lots more. And as the anniversary super special, you can save half off all atkins brand's goods and supplements. Don't forget that rich, luxury, luxury items like cheesecake's braids, rules and brownies too. And don't forget you can try into products before your volume before you show out any cash. They got a knowledgeable staff to open every day till 10 and don't forget their grudd and tea and lowest price policy on all atkins, Carboli and pure delight products too. The lights of West Boca will not be undersold. The lights is located on the northeast corner of Glej Rodin 441 right next to the Boston Market or Colin Tolfrey. One, 877 low carb that's LOWed WCARB or on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget what a story. Do you like to watch focus your official atkins retail centers? Why do you like to watch focus on your sports video 5668? You A M. We're the way from the racing plane. I don't say why not use the rain. We're like a pre-added man. So do I say. Can you know who you were today? I want to black me fucking good. I'm like the one thing God will be up there. Always I hear new words strange. Find you and be together. I'm the one who runs great. The one who runs great. Happy New Year 5668. You A M. Happy Thursday. We're kicking ass man. We're number one by 50 million miles in That's the story. I'm going to start. My new request. There's a poster. appear and the Joan Bondel has got one and Joan Allen has got none. Elmer says both excellent actresses who barely get any publicity Joan Allen Francis McDormott. We'll give a lot more than some list eventually but I got some heavy fish to fry like this fact you just sent me thanks whoever sent this in it's also from Capitol Hill blue in line with what I just read and let me just read that last paragraph of the previous one before I know a serious like I just see you know what really pisses me off about the Democrats this whole approach that they're using I didn't see how sharp you're not going to see really push and ask you like you did and I thought you made a lot of it yes this business of well we don't want to appear to be sure all and make it personal full craft okay this is one of the promises of Democrats and this goody two shoes kind of I want to get what speaks last night I'll be very honest with you it was okay and then the reporters come on after what all the crowd is in a frenzy and he really a mechanic electrified a crowd it was okay didn't say a dandoo be honest with you right and he's fine he's okay he's better than his mother I mean his wife we have to face a very real possibility that the president of the United States is loony two and says this long time Republican political consultant that's not good for my candidates it's not good for the party and certainly not good for the country we're advising our Republican congressional candidates to keep their distance from the bush myster now Theresa Hanton and way to McDamish right in the capital hill blue today a so-and-present in George's W. Bush's withdrawing more and more from AIDS and senior staff I'll book our red retreading into a private paranoid world where only the ardent lawyer list are welcome cabinet officials senior White House AIDS and leaders on capital hill complain privately about the increasing lack of face time with the president and campaigned vices are worried about the depressed president may not be up to the rigors of a top-reel election campaign good yes there are concerns the top Republican political adviser mid-mid-and-private lea Wednesday the George W. Bush we see today is not the same griguria is backslapting presentable these moody distrustful and withdrawn boshes erratic behavior in sharp mood swings by white house position criminal Richard time to put the president on parfellante the person drugs with his uh... past law this is a president known for his ability to charm people one on one says a staff member to house speaker denny has to it not anymore white house aid say bushes retreated in the way tightly controlled environment we're only top political advisors like Carl rovin curing he was a allowed even white house chief of staff and new car complaints he has less and less access to the president among cabinet members only attorney general john ask coffee fundamentalist lunatic who shares many of Bush's drick religious convictions remains part of the intercircle white house a it's called bush and ashcraft the blue brothers because like the mythical movie characters both believe they're on a mission from god homeline security secretary time where it's the man most responsible for waiting markets were on terrorism complaints the staff at a good little time of the president is most of his marching orders lately from ashcraft some on ridgist staff like privately that ascroth is bush's him or a reference to hindrach him or chief of the ss under eight off itler too many must say to many make the mistake of taking big change the real power of the station says one senior home and security the wrong it's ask croft and that is reason for all of us to be very very afraid how do you like that it's asked a good very well vice president chaney rains part of bush's titan or circle defense secretary dumber rumsfield is all about a favorite tells us that no matter what happens in November I'm out of here good a friend to tell you this week in a hundred can lookers a her mom during four he's out here line house paid to the west wind over taken by a siege mentality where phone calls and emails are monitored and everyone is on the suspicion for disloyalty to the crown I was questioned about an email I sent out on my personal email account from homes has one staff member when I asked how they got asked to my personal email account I was told that when I came to work at the white house I gave up any right to privacy another staffer was questioned why she once stated the register democrat he voted for abortion 2000s he said that it's even a matter very maddled in his meridames carville and that's all right but suddenly my royal royalties question because a former boyfriend was a democrat maddled in a republican political operative and advise the bush campaign is the wife of former couldn't about political strategist the bald hit of james carville so he's a little bit loony to okay let's get some act of things on here not to show who you need we find out we give it marlin tickets away from the staff names gamer not just go to the deal give you some just go there in the take whatever they'll give you okay the qnpan lover talk this morning and listen half an hour to be the shell station shivin street right near georgias house right near where we used to work for buddy bug packs and just twice of i ninety five stop by the pick up a pair for other second in the game of the pro which starts at one of five three game of twelve thirty five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and see I'm gonna tell you didn't see Barack Obama and I also want to make an escape so we're gonna open more rock always I'm gonna tell you if Larry King puts low rock over whoever I'm seeing and decide to put this group take on your talk about a research type he is the fangs what a fan Albert is the black folks okay a cartoon he makes step and fetch it look like judian bond this guy he makes freaky Carlos out there to front desk look like hercules man oh man mole rocker I mean oh brother you talk about more on it is just mole like so do do do do you WQM hello see I thought it was gonna be our first call with our first on there as actually not because I don't hear dead here I'm telling you oh yes you see Zach had a premonition I should have gone with it five six seven oh five sixty who do you think is the most utterrated actress female I guess actor female movies or tv all time we got jeans table and Helen Mirren Francis McDonald Joan Bondill and Joan Allen WQM hello okay this two for two WQM hello into that line three for three alright WQM hello hello why is today no okay here's our first real call maybe yes sir yes sir you know what it's that a ricky going away what is it a bush okay great five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T well it's vacation time man or anybody with a half hour in a steel and that place thunder storms and right and humidity and bull frogs and bufotodes and misquivis the size of watermelon's I mean it's just not a pleasant sight WQM hello four for four WQM hello yes sir are you doing alright I love you and it's at five for five WQM hello okay we make it six yes sir so what do you think of a ricky situation I don't I couldn't give her crap less WQM hello in fact I take that back I'm a static about the ricky situation because now the dolphins will might have been like nine and seven at best with ricky I'm probably gonna be like seven and nine maybe six and ten it's gonna be a disaster what do I think of the ricky situation who gives a crap we got bigger fish to fry like spots okay we can be worried about the ricky situations is that pathetic or what time first this house that a week with a whole five that business and if that wasn't bad enough now it's ricky really isn't so yeah that's it all the same tired boring terminal crap got some dumb jock who wants to smoke a lot of weed and does not have to take any more drug test so he'll do gives a crap wish a while all right thank him for a couple years of fine work and wish a well and I can out when you find a life where you please I have no line what do I think of the ricky crap anyway if you have a lot of crap in your carpets you can call just about anybody in the all pages know how much mirror up a mess on your floor and then rip you off big time or you can go to the supermarket when a bunch of copper kidney equipment and make a real mess and you're gonna be really sorry when you do that but if you want to have a phenomenal job on parallel than the history of mankind call our dear friends at rock concepts since 1979 they've been making carpets look brand new and soft learning including mine for over 20 years and they can do the same for you they give you a written guarantee price before they start to work they dry clean your cup it's that's what their names all about dry concepts they dry clean the carpet just like blacken your clothing with sucks out even the deep down dirt and the pie was your cup it makes him really sanitary I mean just as clean as can be like brand new leaves and looking fantastic smelling woman a first or dry a couple of hours so you really can't clean today entertainment so whether it's your company furniture drapery area rugs expensive or he ever works all of these things you want to call on our friends at dry concepts for a stupidness unbeatable job every time and don't forget when you call dry concepts happen put you understand by list which will save an extra 15% off their already unbeatable price column tall free 1-800-248-507-1 that's 1-800-248-507-1 or check them out in the world wide wicked way but dry concepts dot com pleasure shaping We're meeting again with our hoales down by dark Civil adventure for time, one sunny day So we're arriving, if we don't mind our fare So, what's that? 1047 at 560 WQ and happy Thursday. It's good. And we got every crazy person in the university's will this day, which is sensation. We have to face the very real possibility that the president of the United States has looting tunes. He said sadly, this long time Republican political consultant, that's not good for my candidates. It's not good for the party, it's certainly not good for the country's way said. I just thought I mentioned it again, like on every break. Of course, some of us are totally surprised by that. Somebody says, Linda Blair, which is interesting, because we were just listening. I was watching her this morning on screen TV without being a father. It's just one, two, three. I corrected their spelling for the poll. Okay, Linda Blair, it's just guilty qualified for your poll. Okay, I'll change my vote if you don't. Okay, I'll leave it on the right. Okay, you don't have the right parts. That's what an effort motels me. Anyway, Homeland Security authorities, he's shocked down the port of Palm Beach and evacuated surrounded neighborhoods yesterday after police stopped two men of middle eastern descent who were driving from the sea port authorities said. I swear by current is what I'm hearing. My Kim Curry. FBI agents question the men that released him because they've been this identified and done absolutely nothing wrong in agency spokesman said, but of course we always are wondering, are you sure? We hope at the end of the day this will turn out to be just a very good exercise. Review of each mayor, Michael Brown, be saying. The incident started about 3 30 yesterday afternoon. I remember here a peach police pulled over a car speeding in the 1700 block of old Xie Highway. The car carried three men to a middle eastern descent police said, middle eastern area. Oh my God. Police ran a background check in the Arabic name of the driver popped up on a terrorist watch list it popped up. As a person of interest by law enforcement police spokesman Roseanne Brown said, question further the men of purity, face of and change their answers to the same question that just raised a lot of suspicions, mental police. They have left three containers at the port considered one of the company's biggest terrorist targets along with the next door FPNL generating station. That's when the US Coast Guard closed down the port. The government stations broken after the talk show is to invoke the T word. The terrorist returned to the same county, traversed by 12 of the 90 men involved in the nine-level text. Apparently the answer is, no, apparently not. By 5 PM, law enforcement officials announced that the men in question was not the first on the terrorist list. By 615 they reopened the port. The men were US citizens of Jordanian descent who were shipping furniture by both of the US Virgin Islands. How do you like that? The FBI would not release their identities because they didn't do nothing wrong and they don't want to have like a whole bunch of you folks out there. Stationed down just because they happen to be from Jordan and a bunch of brown-skinned Arabs, right? Right. So leave them alone. Where are they? For the time being. Mother of the terrorists somewhere in Jupiter. 560, pound, five 60, pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Maybe we'll get some more names for our poll today, the most underway to that. Chris, or maybe not? Fwc, wham, hello? Yes sir. I've heard a story about South Carolina grocery store on the ice cream. What does that have to do with that? Well, listen. He took out all the vintage areas ice cream that you're selling in the grocery store. Put it in a pile and burned it and replaced fogging dots because he says that in Jerry's supports some sort of advertisement. Well, I've lost a lot of an half-hounds of night in ice cream so we don't really care. But is that an exciting or what? Have some Yahoo and South Carolina turkatsu vittin' here. What do we care about South Carolina, baby? They're edible anyway. Yeah, let them lose their holes. 560, 05, boy, you people are gonna throw it out. They're totally different way. Like I said, man, I'm like always, I'm doing one show in there. Like I got a whole different agenda goal and I wish you spot with me. Because that clock is ticket maybe before you notice. Gonna be 1230. And we're gonna have that Marlon pregame show come rain or shine or torrential downpours. Come a hell or high water. Man, all the way up to David and Boris armpits. We're still having a game on. And if not, we'll just drag out a tape and play an old one for you. You're gonna have to keep you way and hello. Yeah, I wanted to speak to me. Speaking. I had my husband and I are taking a trip to Amsterdam and we wanted to know if you know good hotels there. Yes? Like what hotels would be good? Like the Barbazon Palace Hotel would be good? Barbazon Palace? Right, or the Grand President Polzky or Betty had called travel agent? 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. How do you like that? I thought she was gonna ask me for a good McDonald's. There's one right there in the day where they got their pet rat. Ben. You put Betty? I've been there a few times and they put mayonnaise on their fries. You'll be really impressed with that. Maybe the job would be full to pop up there. Awesome. Bye, darling. Barbazon Palace Grand President Polzky, the Leo Aphotel, which Freddy or what's his name? Hi, Nick. Open that place. You know that? He's dead. Freddy, hi Nick, and right. Did. WDQAM question line hello? Go ahead to that line. WDQAM hello. QAM? I think you know how you do it. Okay. Could I want to put Linda Hamilton on your list? Okay. And on your, I want to carry on on a convention too. You know, these convention isn't really speaking tonight. I'm, I mean, say, I, before they convention, we're speaking of the convention. And all these people haven't yet just convention and they get up, you know, really loud or roar. It's like really broad in your way then. People get so excited over this because, you know, they're pressed, I mean, because now they got, I'm the impressive, you know, one of the Democrats walked into Republican The convention and got them routed. You know, of course, they're going to be routed up there. You know, they're rooting for their God. I guess what, watch something else then. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't understand. Good mood. It's something you're too good for. They, I don't want to hear all these South Florida complaints. WDQAM. What about that? Rekey thing. You know, like, come on. Already, way to get a life. One guy's complaining about some grocery store redneck and South Carolina took out the bed and Jerry's. This guy's all bent out of shape because people are getting whipped up and Tuesday asked about something that they care about. And I don't, I don't want to hear any more whining complaining. Because if there's nothing I can't stand, it's whimers and complainers, all right? How about some macaroni and cheese, huh? Oh, I got the whimers, remember that? WDQAM, hello. Yeah, I got a name for Neil Fuss. Yes, sir, speaking. Neil, yeah, an old-be-hand lord. An old-be-hand lord. Yeah. What's with that? Uh, she's, um, she's an actress that's been a lot of movies. She was in movies with Al Pacino, Robert Kner, Robert Kner. Do you know who that is, George? Sure, do. Can Alpine and Miller. Do we have a naked picture over somewhere? Yes. Look good, they'll put it right on. Okay, thanks, Pally. Have a great day. See, there's a real call. See, actually we call it our poll question today. Let go of it, no way. Yeah, let go of it. Here's the ballgame. Here's Dave and Boring. Wow, that was pretty exciting. Mark that sound. WQAM, hello. Hello. Hello, hi, dude. You want to, WQAM, hello. Hi, uh, how about, uh, Scarlet Johanson? She's in Lost in Translation. Okay. How about her? How about Enga Marjo Hanson? Okay, we got it. Thank you. I love to put anybody on her day one. What are we care, right? I'll put one as a whole bunch of names. Just give us some names. Scarlet is, uh, really cute and single. And a bit of a ray and likes to mingle. Who do you think is the most underrated actress movie or TV of all time? Jean Stapled and that was my pick and she's kicking ass nice going eat it. She's got 38. Francis McDormand's got 11. She's good. Helen Mirren's got eight. Joan Bondel five. She had a, uh, ample pair. So now, and Scott up here. Linda Blair's got a pair. I love Linda Blair. And Lowe and Hamilton. Yeah, and on her only 66. Okay. Because we don't have enough names on there. And because, um, you know, anybody with a brain like I said is certainly not in South Florida, it's just particular moment. Now, we will be giving away a million dollars in cash to somebody who, uh, you know, shows up. Which, right? I say, where? And that's right. I haven't said where or whose money you're having to learn. First of all, there. Yeah. I just made it up. W to Q a. Hello. I tell you a shower. I want to answer to it with excellent outstanding choice. Thank you so much. Now, there is exactly what I had in mind when I did the poll. See what I mean? Find choice. If anybody would, till say, and give me the top 10 actresses of all time. Very few people would say, tie your share. But Rocky, the godfather, all three parts. Yep. Now they will fear you. She's great. What else do we like her in? She's in, didn't know a few things. Yes, she has. But I forget. I'm so glad I asked. Although, I don't know. I can't remember. I've seen her laugh. She's been around a block. She's been around a block. It was a little kind. 10, 56. And what about, uh, what's your name? Diane Keaton. Is she afraid of? No. She's highly rated. Yeah. That's why I asked. Because see, some people would say, well, how about fade down away? Well, of course, not she's highly rated. In fact, maybe in some cases, a little overrated. All I love fade down away, she was great in network. But then again, I'm the only person who ever saw that movie. Right? I don't even know why I keep talking about network and Howard Beal and all. It's one of the great movies ever of all time. And none of you can film posts out there. Watch it. You've seen watching channel 7, the real thing. 10, 56, and 5, 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulation and increased labor costs. Well, let oasis outsourcing help you. When it comes to the people side of your business, payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management. These are just a few of the services that oasis outsourcing can cover. Now, if your business be more profitable, call oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation at 1, 866 at oasis. That's 1, 866, 2, 866, 2, 866, 2747. But more than 60,000 employees worldwide, oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human resource management. Oasis outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business via leaving the operational details to oasis outsourcing. Let oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable. If you like a free evaluation with positively absolutely no obligation, call them at that toll free number, 1, 866 at oasis. That's 1, 866, 2, 866. 2, 866, 2747. 4, 866 outsourcing. 9, 866, 466. 2, 866. You're going to get ready to hold. Baby launch a couple of missiles. Oh! Tour to place wheat and no. Yes. And name on that of hell. Who's first name begins with? Oh! There's one thing we all understand. I'll pay the money. Until we blow up back to stay. We could chase them around forever. With our tanks and all our truths. But special forces are so tired. I'm jumping through them who sat down. We throw a need in other planes. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And roll flow up that can stay. I'm playing a needs and a nuclear tank. I'll do that. Great while don't we stop to see food. And roll flow up. That's the same. That's the doodly. Oh, right. That's a boom. 1102. That's all. That was by the way. It's actually, I mean, it's interesting. The packs tank connection with my hammered-out-tod and the money that was wired in 911. All this other stuff. Let's do it. It's an old spur. Thank you very much anyway. I don't have a lot of old facts to the other four pages. No, please don't. I just said something extraordinary. Important to pass along and just took my mind. It was just like the end of the world. It was so name-important and it just slipped away. Oh, and here's something important. No forget to join George this Saturday 2-4. I read the Motorsport segue. A block north of Santa Road on Dixie Highway. Registrated when a free segue human transportation device. How much you need the only one? You're blocked to have one. QMQDs will be there. Plus, crew provided by a landing city. Some of our are used to make the difference. I'm here in a room where even here in Toronto. That hour is no longer in Atlantic City subs. Did you know that? Can that possibly be true? Gene Staples and his kick in some serious ass. You go eat it. I shouldn't have said that was accurate. 80 years. He's the most. Gene Staples and 46 Francis McDormand 14. I'm the most underrated actress, radio or TV all-time. Helen Mirrent 12. John Bondel 6. 10 years. 10 years. We love 10 years. John Bondel 6. 10 years. 10 years. 10 years. 20 years. Through the 16 year. 1960.? 560. You might say, no camouflage. 1. 660. 560 on the AT&T and izer, wireless line. When you repair airplanes 1.5 mil, you'reories around front of the house. Holier then. See? How many turns before going on sichle? 12 minutes. 12. 12. 12 noon. Drill them. Smaller. They're gonna play that game if they have to wait till midnight, alright? Cuz I'm sure that they've been boring will just Just absolutely tickle your fancy with some assimilating story Before the vlogging we all like our long-range lane Like a good long-naford be good. WQA and hello WQA and hello I have the absolute definitive answer Neil for the Paul question. Okay Michelle Nichols the who are up from Star Trek Just think of all the years. You had that little thing in her ear always try to handle Starfleet command That was unrecognized genius un- The illegal. Okay, whatever you say you got it Whatever that was Nanny Proudy and when she says just kidding seriously Emma Thompson I put Natalie Portman other what's wrong with that yeah put him goes on there and Natalie Coleman and if Thompson wise That just kidding. I don't understand that But that's okay Just help you kill a little bit of boredom. That's what we're trying to do because I have no right to stay and we can We can empathize Those are the suit of sped long time and stop for a duh far too much time Michael Jackson accused of impersonating boy and making video to see this yes talk about yesterday No, then I will now A prosecutor said to give it pops to our Michael Jackson and Tasty on board and in person him and his family and force them to make a video Exhaustion claims the far-right court presentation by deputy district attorney Gordon Ockin-class wasn't at the Jackie Kennedy family the Ockin-class wasn't at them I thought that's that thing that you would Zach were talking about well, oh no seriously that was their name That was her maiden name Jackland who via Or somebody who somebody tell us who bet is offie Coleman Shut up, sorry This is he is as useless as Humanity on a ballpoint pen. He's just attorney a district attorney Gordon Ockin-class Disclosed for the first time the prosecution theory of its conspiracy case against Jackson Penny panicked after TV show threatened the destroyers were by looking him with them session with young boys Ockin-class made his allegation that he hearing about a defense motion dismissed the case The fact that Mr. Jackson rationalized this behavior on national television was his downfall Ockin-class said it represented a complete and utter rule of his Empire made it made him an object of International loathing and scoring Ockin-class said the Jackson said is private jet to take the family to his never-line ranch and worse them away to make cases in luxury Resorts the fence attorney Thomas Miseraud Jr. Derived of the entire prosecution case is absurd on its face and Demanded dismissal ball charges Jackson was not in court and a TV documentary broadcast in February 2003 Jackson defended his habit of letting children's think in his bed as sweet sweet and non-social It cues the recene in the video Ockin-class detailing the number of the over-attained the amendment which have been kept secret until now Success the Jackson actually lowered the ledge victim to his bed after the video was shown on television The person Jackson perceived could put out proper relations fire was John Darwin his family the prosecutor said Referring to the ledge victim if he could get them on tape describing Mr. Jackson as a wonderful person it would crumb his fire Ockin-class said that Jackson then began to would taste the unborn with booze Jesus do this baby everybody wants to get saved and live forever drink somebody Jesus do The class of it first squeeze exactly right out Jesus to a to cheese 567 and one of Jesus had to jam you think Are you kidding though back in the day man. Oh, say it's in back in the trees wearing him like nasty sandals walking around the desert Golly who probably had corn's two five six seven. Oh five 60 How in the court two bad didn't have Dr. Sholes back in the day WQA and hello Yes, sir Is they then wearing ready yet how about the moves to see ready? WQA and hello, I know how are you I'm great if you like James James Starner as an actor he's okay. Did you see him in that movie the notebook pretty good? No Especially the very handling they both died together. That's pretty good. Oh don't do is that not Okay, I guess nobody else is gonna see it out either. What does that have to do with anything? I guess we're going back to lies to think and doing the actors again. In fact he should have been on there I thought I said he also should have been on it last week and it slipped my mind. Oh, you know who it was? I give up because we did that before with the thing with the actors Joseph cotton. Yeah, I realized that's only for old parts Like me in book a brand all or you know who that is. Yeah You don't agree no, I like Josie cotton saying that song Johnny or you know seriously Joseph cotton Well, you know who that is if I do he was in lots and lots of great movies and he was a fabulous fabulous actor And yet if you asked people the top 10 20 acres of all time probably almost nobody would mention Joseph cotton because most of us remember that our did So many QAM hello Yes, sir. You know how are you today? Sensational Good, my same same Same here. I'm not gonna have you to add. I have nothing but compliments and good news for anybody. Okay, hey I'm head not a soft floor to all those doing joy coming down here occasionally be I'm literally like north of Coco Beach and still getting your signal pretty pretty well Which is kind of a rare. Yeah. I don't know maybe the wind is blown on the right to wrap you know I've George Corse when I'm here and peed on the tower over last weekend No, I've still got you clear as a proverbial dog. That's why that's why it's coming in so good and Had to let you with them as well. I'm here All places had back to a pot top of the day today soft Carolina. Oh boy don't get no Ben and Jerry's there, man Actually the truth about soft Carolina is I'll give you a couple examples. I was a New York States not too pop from your old stopping ground Buffalo Rochester area. Oh, don't say a hospital in Rochester in the same breath please This Rochester is gonna very peo to about that It's so my brother left there so and imagine And you know and you are stay you can't use a soft home and swarrow You can't smoke and a fire, you know what thing about top Carolina is? We may burn a concert to put you know there's still a few silver liberties that they still allow us to have so you know You know, they did was they accepted who some those similarities you talk about for things like civil rights and things like that So, you know, it's good for time Yeah, and lastly my folks for underrated actress I mean she's more known for popularity. I guess other than or acting actressing ability Can I add a metteam into the list? Oh, not her no no thanks I knew it would end sooner later Jennifer Tilly or Amanda Plummer. I put them both on there. Okay two good choices there. I would say No king the christopher plumber Or look with clutter five six seven or mr. Plumber pound five six to you on the 18 team for rise in wireless line Don't forget we got the Marlin game in 1230 pre game. You got the hump or after the game the staff known for might over the game Still seven then we got the rock solid big oh seven to ten which we apologize profusely for that because you don't belong on here for 10 seconds and any chaos And it talks tonight A star set it on up for you including the ball game on there and they will play that game Trust me it may be raining like bucket school wherever to you are we don't care all right? Don't play the whole game in a ring. W to Q a. I'm hello. Yeah, Neil. Please speaking Neil I want to dominate the Louise pleasure Oh, what a good choice. Okay. I love her. Thank you Louise. Let's admit it was a choice nurse ratchet. I'm sorry. I'm this ratchet She was nurse rat somebody called her misratch it, right? She did and now he was spying on her ass And I was so that that's my favorite scene in that movie. Well, no, there's so many great scenes Can't purchase one juicy fruit Yes, I was good and of course I want my cigarettes mr. Ichett Chess work he just died what a shame and so did Jason Miller who played the this morning on screen TV you heard the audio out of that thing I was watching about the excess install three movies and the interview Jason Miller played father Damian curious Well, guess what he died to I'm not going around. I've lost 11.5 pounds in the last three weeks in two days and out of 188 man I'm feeling great. I'm doing it. I've blurtured with sensational. I'm tell I'm eliminated almost all my blood sugar medication to take like a half a pill And my blood pressure is fantastic and sensational by the time I get back to town the end of August I'm gonna be a shadow of my former self and people like Zach and fat boy and Beast like that they're gonna say oh gee how'd you do that? Well, my mother died is what it was So this something to think about George Uh-huh. I think about it. Oh, I'm sure you have many other neuroses during saw that story about the The least baby food with a rice and a mistake and G to my life didn't happen a couple years ago We don't do baby food But It's quit a started 1113 at five 60 W Q and hey the deals are heating up now in the 2000 for a model of year is winding down If you're really sick and tear that old gas goes or you're driving if you want a new car truck It'll give you dependability and reliability and get over to Armstrong Toyota home state today You'll find in my new s1 just 20 minutes after the 86 and no matter where you are it's well worth the drive because they're gonna save you thousands I'm great new Toyota Right now Armstrong Toyota home state is turning out all remaining 04s and passing fantastic on people savings on the you You can lease an old for a canry at least at an 48 month least is 279 a month with no money done if you're looking for a great truck how about the Toyota to come before by four It can be yours and you get a thousand dollars cash back from Toyota If you're looking for the hottest new cars around this is the place Armstrong Toyota homes did locally When they're not for it, they're fantastic do business with their service departments over late to late We'd nice to make sure they get all your work done for you and these folks with the first dealers in town or anywhere Offer free tires and batteries for life and now they're the first to offer your free replacement parts for life That is correct tires batteries and free parts for life nobody be doing that So you won't be getting a better deal on Toyota anywhere in town in this joint so even if it's a little bit of a drive for it Well worth the drive no phony deals no BS no bait and swiss just low on beatable prices every day 365 days year for a sensational deal See David rich to GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead you'll find a Midwest 1 2 93rd street in homestead Grab a little and save a ton on your new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead Crazy like home with the only try to take a race over peel like this I'm just doing I'm just doing She was dry I'm just doing 10 Her Hi I'm telling you I'm fine Be as she's looking at she traded inside I'm one in sister five Just like that I'm joking You and Just like that Tell you I'm fine Be as she's looking at 115 60 Every single day another great one for our pool how do we take this long to get to this Let me give you a clue Yeah Ellen Burston of course She's Burston how can we forget her Outside out of my One of the best Speaking of the exorcist see how the exorcist keeps coming back over over again You can't get away from that baby Linda Blair this morning on screen TV Then we have somebody nominated Linda Blair for the thing we're doing here right right How come I came for all there it is it's under EX I beg your pardon I'm like choking on my sandwich Well maybe we next season If you're bored if here's this weekend go to uh It's syndicated what's that go to one of those video stories do not go to blockbuster because we hit them like poison in a edit the movies And they censor all your crap But go to like a real video story and pick up the exorcist do not get exorcist 2 or 3 got for but George C Scott plays the Elegia Cobb role in the exorcist 3 which really pisses me off Because George C Scott who used to be a great actor then became a real is he dead? I hope Yes Is he right we talked about it? Oh good Because I mean that's a terrible thing to say but I'm just I got tired of him and what was his trish van der van der mir van der Whatever is a wife name the younger brother he married Van der mir and He just didn't become a legend in his own mind. He just got to be Really very marginal and for him to play a role. I was played by Liji a cop Of Liji a cop was dead by the tundid excesses 3 but now George C Scott is so what comes around goes around he ain't no Liji a cop I'm not sure what anybody oh you couldn't say that George C Scott won the great actors of all time. Yeah, you mama He was good in the hospital and patent and what was the movie with that really cheesy movie Reds was at it. I never saw Reds with Warren Bady. No, no, maybe it wasn't reds It was well with Timothy Hutton where he was Military school he was the oh taps taps reds blues whatever everybody was in that one Yeah, he was he was I don't know oh he was also well. Yeah, okay. We'll be poor. I'm over he was in he was in fire starter No, it was a portable. He was the one who was the one who was a poor hard core very good It was a good movie. We like George C Scott and so yeah Cool, I mean the fat and sloppy and real fool But if you get fat and sloppy people like laugh at you know I mean exactly Chris B. Cream's bigger that I don't like it's that oh here Jennifer Jason Lee somebody says get that on the right away She's on the right crispy cream facing SEC pro now how many Donuts you think are like in a box are they're like a dozen? Depends on the box but typically yeah and a crispy cream box I bet you if you brought it doesn't crispy cream center right now the Josh could even buy noon if he was here Where do you go? To the baseball get I mean I mean I The same Josh who's act well he's sitting in Josh's chair by then what do we do with the other 35 minutes? Yeah Chris B. Cream don't I said today that the security is in exchange for machines conducting an informal inquiry to its earnings warning and the company's Repurchase their franchises how do you like that not our friends at crispy cream? Crispy cream has no higher priority than the confidence of our shareholders customers and employees said chairman and the chief executive Scott living good Well, we're confident our practices we understand and respect the SEC's responsibilities will continue to cooperate fully throughout this process And may crispy cream reported that lost 24.4 million dollars in the first quarter It's first quarterly lawsuits going public in 2000 and of course they're blaming all of this because of the High calorie treats which the company attributes in part of the low carb guy phenomena People lot low carb, but supposedly before the end of the year to come out with low carb donuts supposedly wow those those other taste really good The announcement drove its stock price down several shareholder lawsuits were separate with the 725 against the company in morning trading on the In New York Stock Exchange today crispy cream shares were down little over two bucks or 11% at 16 65 and you can buy a lot of donuts for 16 65 and Bring it over their design. He'll die with a real big smile on his post. Sorry Well, hey, last man. That's a bringing a couple of dozen crispy creams for Zach now for anybody else And watch them have a Zack attack right there in the studio run on Josh is true Come in and of course you know what you died you just something else on the chair too, but we don't want to get it with that He's talking to that look at Wild the way they're dying ratings him out yesterday He's going to give me like a little thumbnail run down the fact that we kicked him unbelievable bloody ass in the spring rating book Thank goodness You bet you sweet ass now. Why do I have I thought I had to solve put together here Well, I see this is persons 25. Well, we don't care about that how many women we got listening about How many women listening and isn't it kind of it's almost scandalous when we started on QA with a show We had you know about our 1.5 to 2 share of women in 25 54 which is what we usually had an IOD maybe a two share which is in great right a women to listen to AM radio number one And number two is a sports station for slamma to tell you if we got a I don't When a whole book comes in we'll take a look at that I bet you we don't have a point five in women Right Speaking of a point five your good friend Jeff de Forces got a oh my five on KF T L a 50 whatever the one of the call I think live 85 live 85 and That's how many people they got listen 85 and some of the lower lives So these was got a point five and below Riley You arrive all I know I was gonna say before and I forgot about it It was about Al Franken be on last night speaking of whiny people Aaron Brown how's this for a quinoa Aaron Brown and El Franken I have never seen a Well, why do you think I did people out of Florida can imagine Good golly Miss Molly a lot of people like Al Franken is a humorous desire writer is all of these things But man as a broadcast or even as somebody could just speak Right even Bob Woodward even Bob Woodward seems lively compared to Al Franken with his secretary Holy moly Al Franken is a liney and just can't speak and he's not it was never responded to question area What through this long pond of his I thought I was gonna go into a coal mine and finally even Aligny Aaron Brown well getting back to the question was you didn't answer out. Oh Oh man Anybody else say who I know what we want to talk about which I don't know if you mentioned yesterday, but all Paul and ancient Ron they suck Huh good splash yeah, I'm gonna I'll mention that after the Brad want to talk just a little bit about this because it's not a trend It's a full rating book and I know the audience out there. I don't give a flying crap I mentioned it passing would I right but Paul and old Ron even Jinx and Tinks there from Jackson I've read my car advice guys even Lexington or Shmex Pigs rat is even a be that Paul and old Ron. That's quite a that's quite a day and a Yeah, right out of the box which is most in the box 26 past 11 at five 16 W to go by the way Ben F like all those rumors about Ben F like him Ed Damon Speaking of that guy to call the court. I'm already through their true. No, I didn't start them. No, they're true. Okay. I'm positive I mean Ben F like we've been all over the ever quite a convention like a stink on Schmidt I mean he's been he's just a flameer When you when you see these funny celebrity romance is like if somebody will tell us also who Nick Carter supposedly was hanging with here lately He was gonna what Mary I don't remember who was ridiculous thing Nick Carter So it's like a butterfly. It's like a thing. Yeah, hey if you're tiny. He had about the low carb epidemic that's going on I know certainly the people at crispy creamy too happy about it Have you tried to cook for it and then wasted money hated the food didn't even get the results you were looking for we've talked to you about bounds for life for some time Now is a very intelligent alternative They've come for the unbelievable way Daily before the program for five dollars off the regular daily price now. This is not a special. This is for real a lifetime Ebership to balance for life anytime you want to enjoy their service You can resign at the membership price What if I told you that you could have a company prepare you three delicious meals in two great snacks every day What if I told you all the meals are based on the successful zone diet by Brian Sears? What if I told you to leave in the over right here doorstep? What if I told you they give you a menu so you can make your own choices and by the way that the only company that does that What if I told you that you will lose weight that you will lower your cholesterol that you will lower your blood pressure And it will help your diabetes as well It may sound a good bit too, but it is true because we got loads and loads of people in the audience and all over the place Or losing weight like crazy with balance for life and in fact people on balance for life losing average of 15 pounds a month You could sure afford to lose 15 pounds a month couldn't you jack? Yep So why Here I said to fat turd why wait call right now toll free call 1 866 225 4543 that's one 866 225 4543 or even easier check them on a web at balance for life.com And then I don't see the ad eat it is back from the day It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family Oh, look you did if we name John J. The Wii Now what I have in my little girl look at you why don't you push yourself away from disabled Maybe have a salad once you're the one Don't you know how many the worst people have never had a decent meal again with a charity sweetheart Well, it's true Why don't you send them the balls from the techie you had for breakfast If I thought you was pushing on days I Would choose So Shoulder table I All of the families and then I I'll oczywicie or I'm a canon, done my plan, I'm a Batman, you're so cool! They love Jean Stable not hit it right now, it's 11.33 a QA and we got less than an hour to go. Oh, I'm so long pregame show, I'm looking at the Miami radar and we got good news! Oh, yeah, I just came up from outside, well not outside but you know by window. Right, blue skies, it's fine, blue skies, the game is on, baby. In fact, the huge blob of rain that went through is like a hidden for Cuba right now. I think it's going to take a big dump right on for Dells' ass. And off to the east in southeast, it's like, just a little scattered, a schmere over like the Bahamas here and nothing. Because I'm looking at the old fruit loop on there right now. No more tickets at the Jail Station, you can forget about that. Don't forget to join Presidente imported beer and QM today, six day at the Wind Dixieven, and the 6701 South 40th Street in Miami, stopped by the Spinneville for more marlins tickets and other prizes. Six o'clock tonight at Wind Dixie at 67th of Bird Road. And, thank you whoever affects this information in, Hugh O'Conclus, was the step brother of Jacky, who we can't see. Yeah, it's already, that was all in the family. And I think also, Grovid Al was related to her as well, and Al was a little more aristocrats from the Wiemann. Two in a slot. We have to face the very real possibility that the President of the United States is looming to and since there's a long time to do a people political consultant who probably is reasons as not to be identified. That's not good for my candidates, it's not good for the party and certainly not good for the country. In other words, and they're given them all kinds of medication, no, it's right at the commas, as down. During the break there, I heard my cell phone bringing another room, I thought, who would it call me? And I go in there and look at the number, it's an 800 number. Dear, how about that? So listen to this calling on my freaking cell phone, which I very rarely use. How do you like them, apples? I think it's everywhere, come on and go on. Gene Stapled in God 67, nobody's going to catch eat it. Francis McDormand 27, the most underrated actress movie or TV of all time, Helen Mirren 16, Natalie Portman 10, Joe Bladell 8, Emma Thompson 6, Tallya Sharers, God 7, Jennifer Tilley's, God 7, Linda Bladell's, God 5, Joe Allen 4, Jennifer Jason Lee 4, then Hamilton 3, Amanda Pummer 2, Penelope and Miller 2, Ellen Verstins only got one, Scarlet Johnson, when I Louise, what you don't have any, all my God. That is scandalous, don't you think it is? They probably don't know who that is. They don't. Well, why not? They're stupid. Oh, I see. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, lost record of vote in O.T. Florida Race Concerns O.F. or races of concern. I'm sure you talked about this. Oh yeah, at least. Almost all electronic records from the first widespread use of touchscreen voting in Dave County have been lost, stoking concerns, that the machines are unreliable as the presidential election draws near. The records disappeared after two computer system crashes last year, County of Lexington's official said, leaving no audit trail for the 2002 Golden Aterrail primary. A citizen's group on covered law theory of the swath after requesting all audit data from that election. A county official said a new backup system would prevent electronic voting data from being lost in the future, but members of the citizens group, my many dead election reform coalition said that now function underscore the vulnerability of electronic voting records and wiped out data that might have shed light on what problems the country still existed with touchscreen machines in Dave County. The groups of plot results have been requested that you are times. This shows that unless we do something now or maybe maybe very well be too late, Florida said it to her being the next Florida. Kind of worded the well. Other words, I said, leader Rodriguez Tassaf and attorney was chairwoman of the coalition. Florida said it to her being the next Florida. All right, he didn't say very well. I was going to be the same crap we had for hours ago. I thought he was viewed in 2000 presidential election. Anyway, Michael Morris says he's going to be scrutinizing Florida. Let's see. He's coming on down. In fact, you better watch it, Jack, because if you I would stock up on my crispy creams right now, there's once Michael Norgets in town, I won't be any less over for you. I guarantee that he sell them to a big afford. You can bet your fan ass on that. Fair and height 9, let them tell make her Michael more promising. Yesterday, the train, his cameras on Florida come election day to prevent a repeat of what some Democrats call the stolen election of 2000. I am committed. I'm coming to Florida more. I said to allow chairs from Democrats that they Florida delegation breakfast in Boston. Together we will guarantee that every floor of the city in that their vote will be counted this year. Morris promised comes amid milding criticism and concerns about the accuracy of the touchscreen voting machines. That replaced Florida's punch car ballots and questioned about Florida's ability to hold fair elections four years after the debacle of 2000. In Boston, Democrats will stay at the living of complaints about Florida's election system this year, ranging from criticism of the state's creation of a new possible fell on voter list that contained inaccuracies to concerns about electronic voting machines that do not have paper trails that can be manually recounted to allegations of voter intimidation in 2000. In Dave County, County officials confirmed a report in the New York Times yesterday that the electronic records of the Democratic Governor-Turro primary between January and November, and have been largely lost because of 2003, compared to a higher-compareding cracker like a decision. And until a handshake governor, a jab voice-tube notice and a sign is on presser consecutive secretary to handle the criticism, state election officials are heading to date to investigate. Right. He wants to investigate, like setting the Fox to check into the Fed ass governor of yours who, how anybody could have voted for an act of just boggles of mind. How is that possible that anybody could have been so stupid? Now, if you know this, since you don't know who he is even, but we didn't have one call about Barack Obama, right. Who will be president one day? I'm telling you that right now, or at least vice president, for start. His speech on Tuesday night was sent, stationally, was great, what should I say? You should have seen it. WQA and hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You can't listen to Joe Rose, the end of Joe Rose is showed a day. No. He, uh, that's Tony Guy, we're trying to promote his things. Oh, it's Urban Jones again. How do you like it? Now he's talking about himself in the third person. That's Tony Guy. Well, listen, please probably look at him in the mirror right now. Find a way our friends are digp-fibre, say, don't ever come back to pump an park or they'll horse with you, okay? They'll send Mickey McNickle after you, would I whip? Oh, it's speaking about nauseous people. But what's interesting is that in an era. You know something that's a great pull question. You have to do that. Who's the most obnoxious person on TV, Richard Christ, Mo Rocco, there are two new ones for it. Oh, Guy. You got to see, uh, Mo, that's a good Rocco that is. Is that could you see that creature on there? Yep. Tony, Joe knew in at five, 60. Now do you understand what was like that week you run vacation? I did the show with Zach. Do you understand? Yep. Yep. Wow. Anyway, if you're here as a fall and out in constant, maybe just, uh, you've got a little ball spot growing, you want to fill it in. Look great. Charles out here, it can do either. In fact, if you're as bold as a bowling ball, Charlie's the guy you want to see because for more than 30, five long, excruciating years, Charlie's been taking care of Guy's heads. He's appeared on Good Morning America. The today show of CBS Morning News, introducing his patented hair system. That's the best looking in the universe. The most amazing natural halloween system ever invented. Keep in mind the most critical area of any hair system of any piece is that hair line. If it looks real like it's real hair growing out of your scalp, it looks like a mince. If it looks like a musk right dot on your head or it looks like a bunch of straw that's fell out of a barn while they just laughed at their ass off at you. And Charlie gives you this 30 day guarantee. But, you're turning man. We try his system for a month if you don't love the way it looks in fields and smells. We turn it for a full refund. So you have nothing lose but that ugly balls spot that makes you look old and not so great. And Charlie also services and repairs existing here systems while you wait including shampoo and trim. So don't wait call Charlie Day and change your life forever toll free. It's 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. Forget about those toes and potions. Those dead musk rats you want to look really like a mince. This is the way to do it. Call Chuck Alphay or 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. A log on their world famous website, CharlesAlphayore.com. I am the one who has just pushed 20-5-6 to the point. You wait a minute. Sock it in and hold it. Ricky William said goodbye to football. Ricky of 10 new duties. I want to scroll through my legs and stick your tracks with my breezy nose. Sock it in and hold it with your feathers so close with now up fully up my mind. Order to see soon. Dash my boat so far underneath this. Here's where most of my eyes. Oh no, what there are freezes. And I find myself so close to you. There's the way to see my trailer. And then I find you no longer here. You down the day high night, so tell me. And throw the hearts above those forest waves. And I won't know what those things are. I do know what you're like. It's your choice I want to invite out. I'll think half of those things. That's my choice. I'll give you a slice of meat. And I'll give you a slice of meat. Fourteen kilo. Five, six, do you know what you're doing? I'm just a magnificent. It's a beautiful thing. Ricky and five. Who do you care about the most, huh? I would say I need to be a bum. Is that new? Yeah. It's probably out in your lobby. I'm sure you have it by now. I doubt it. Oh, and by the way, speaking of actors and actresses, actor Anthony Anderson, you know who that is? No. Oh, he appeared in films. Me myself and Irene and Barbara Chop black dude. Okay. All right. Yeah, no. He was charged yesterday with aggravated rape. After a woman told authorities, she was assaulted on the set of a movie. Anderson 33 and Wayne with her school in 42 both of LA, were taken into custody to the internet to the woman reported the assault. Said Steve Schuyer, the relation to the former dolphin coach, Shelby County Sheriff's Department of Public Affairs Officer Anderson was in Memphis shooting a film titled Hustle and Flow. With this film's crew, Chargeny and her father against both men, he has to be in the afternoon. Schuyer said bond was effective. He said it's 20 grand for each man. He'll be right in general. Says in court this morning, quite a Jennifer Donalds, communicating director for the Shelby County VA's office. Schuyer said the crew had been shooting at the Shelby County Correctional Center, a work farm for jail inmates, and the assault allegedly occurred at the state at the site after production in two days. Schuyer said a nice to trolled up in these that she was lured into a production trailer by Widdyspoon. He told authorities that Anderson was already in the trailer, and that both men sexually assaulted her Schuyer said. Widdness is reported seeing the woman leave the trailer screaming and without any clothes on. screaming. Time like that. Hacking guy. Did that be any driver's enough? Yeah. Why don't I do that? I don't know. I like that. I just thought like it. What's his name? Jeffrey Hacking. Michael Hacking. O.J. Hacking. The woman was taken to hospital authorities. We're not saying she had been released. Spoken from Granderson, L.A. released a brief statement when they sang the actor absolutely nized the heinous heinous charges that made against him. He's a hapling-grade family man. He's never been accused of such crap. In addition to 19 movie critics, Anderson co-created and starred in a TV sitcom all about the Anderson's on the WWE channel. Got the idea. There you go. Another famous actor in trouble. No unusual? Oh yeah, they're out of this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Things are sitting up just fantastic for this afternoon's volume. See, at Carerson they're getting all all bent out of shape. Always raining and I think we may have a, you don't have to do an extra hour and a half. No chance sweetheart. No chance. But as much as I do in that today is so you didn't laid some time this year. I'm Josh Pekkin. WQM. Hello. Hi. Dr. Neil. Speaking. So I'm Neil. Yes sir. Just called to confirm that yes indeed I run no long visit the Atlantic. Oh no are you kidding me? About 45 days ago. I'll be damned. I haven't found that worries moved on to. But second thing I wanted to dash is you seem Fahrenheit 9, 7, 9, 9. Yes, sir. Why is it that there were no senators that showed up to sign all these people's petitions? You mean including John Edwards and John Kerry? Yeah. And Nelson and everybody else. I mean at any Senator could assign that right? Yeah. I guess one. No boss man. No boss. Not Larry. Larry's self. Right. Unbelievable. You got a new year. That's yours man. And when I, and I, I'll let you know. You have a big kiss for our Staxelot Valley. Where was Bill Nelson where was Bobby Graham? That's it. It's kind of the same philosophy now you know the Democratic Party decide well we don't want to continue doing this and for the good of the country we'll just let it go and right. Of course there was gore himself standing up there presiding over the session. Did that not make you want to cry? It made you want to screw not cry. Maybe want to scream. What is wrong with you man? And he's gathering in the shouting them down and shutting them up instead of in someone. While they're trying to do like a real pubic servant say hey this. This was a fraud baby. Democrats. That's a problem. I mean you want if you're a, you know, to the left of Hitler, then you certainly are probably going to vote for Kerry or at least to hope that he wins. But the fact that a matter is that if I'm a credit party for all the hoopla this week of the convention is so weak need and yell a yellow belly that live or live or do all these other things. Which is why they're trying. We don't want to make any personal attacks. We don't want to be a shrill and so why not? Every this minute time and history of this country where we got this rampant fascism going on where we have an illegal war based on a pack of lies that there's no question about. Then it's right now. And instead well we want to rise above that and provide a positive message. Which was right and which was on their last night and for all the hoopla about it. I didn't hear anything new. I didn't hear anything really strong. I just, you know, he looks fine. You know, he looks like a guy. As a canned spam speed. Looks like a 51 year old guy who looks about 40. Okay, more power to a misrespected one is wife was about 51 looking 80 when she comes on here with her to resahines hairdo. And I do think that Theresa May have been heavily medicated when she made her speech on Tuesday night. That's the rumor. That hair man has just got it on course when he was a billion dollars. Right. She said she looked her hair ain't quite as good as what's on it was wife. I don't know. I don't know. Bill. Yeah. Bill is bills but she's trying to catch up as what she said. There was a man. How come they make the Heinz Cage of Nouners upside down bottles? How many years they've been doing that? Not sure the man. That's the greatest idea since sliced bread. Yeah. Then we could buy all's upside down. We're at least with the variable. Don't get that watery stuff. At the top. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Can we catch a B1 and a Y? Catchups for Goil? No. It's loaded with. Oh, carbs. Sugar. Yeah. That's a carbs. It's loaded with sugar. In fact, if you look on the label on Heinz Cage for a hunts or any of the other ones, you'll find the lots of azukar in there. But I don't eat sugar anymore. No more. I just mentioned that. I want you to jack up. I'll eat sugar at all. I love sugar. I'm fine. You're going to die. I will bring a couple of bottles. I'll say, and who's a pretty good guy. I have much to say. And he couldn't speak because his. See your vocal cords are being the reason you have such trouble speaking. It's because your vocal cords are being choked by a sea of fat inside your throat. We'll get a nice bouquet of doughnuts for his calm. Yeah, that would be good. We'll get a crispy cream bouquet to stick right on your tombstone. How's that? I like it. I like it. Watch your back, Zach. I want to tell you that right now. Absolutely. 560, 750, 50, 60. Pound 560 on it. Is anybody going to talk about baroque Obama? Man. I saw Cartillion where was that? I guess it was in the National Post here this morning. They showed a picture of the TV was on. There was Obama speaking at the convention here tonight. And one of the president's aids is saying to him, Oh, it looks like they finally found Obama. Oh, you had to think about it over the way about it. Yeah. Well, what do you know Obama from more son? From Abu Garza. Right now, either. Come to QA and hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good, pal. I'm not sure you got many moves to go. When I was a good looking guy. Man, it's a job, Georgia's age. Back in the collection, Chevrolet. You bought a core of that for a month. Okay, great. Just call it a lecture. You know, one thing that's on my mind. I was in my love house last night. I watched it as far as TV. And I got all these mayoral candidates throughout there. And my god, what up? Jack and cards. We got the shoes from here, Miami. All right. But I want to borrow. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I want to hear views on that. I'll hang up. See what you think about that. Okay. Now, I don't five, six, seven, five, six, six. I couldn't even. But Tom five, six, three on the AT&T in Verizon. Well, Carlos Scott, I think that got lined with date. Yeah. Well, what was that all about him? He told me a card collection, the collection or whatever a core vent. I don't think I ever bought a core vent at the collection. Now, what he said? What do you say? I'm sure we do. Whatever. What ever he said? I got a tune about when you're being picked up. I see. And excuse-fouting bushes busted by the 911 reports is Robert Cheers. time to read this whole thing that now I know. Maybe in the last half. We only got like 35 minutes until a free game show. Oh no, I think we're getting screwed. That's bad. Anybody believe it? No, no, you're right. Hey, listen, we deserve, like I said, a little less work, a lot more money. Everybody made bonus this time. Even Clarence are a little bit of a program to record a sentence. You got a bonus. So pointless. Yeah. Yeah. It's not a finger sweet, all right. But like a finger. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And here I thought tough was on vacation. 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Don't forget to join little George this Saturday. Big big event happening Saturday. I'm everything. I'm sure why. But I guess there's been a lot of money. So I think they are. Okay. Well, if there's been a lot of money we're here to promote and give all kinds of freebies and encourage and etc. Join George Saturday. Two till forward. We've a small sports segue. A block north of San Francisco road on Dixie Highway registered when a free segue human transportation device. The QMQD is will be their post food provided by Atlantic City subs where our use to make the difference. But regardless, we're not the food is still pretty dang good. And it's free. There anyway. So get there early before all is a good shop up the free food. Four minutes till noon at QM. I've been telling you about a laser recharge, the toner, recharge, cartridge specialist for the past few weeks. A lot of you call 1-800. Oh, and by the way, before I do this spot. Oh, yes, you did it again. If you have something to do, you can leave now because in the noon to 12 30, are we have nothing but spots? We got three breaks to throw again. Proving beyond a shadow of a doubt. All we want is the money. Maybe we're still number one. They still have a so much they can't turn it off. We got spots up the old uh... Recto mass. I haven't heard about a laser recharge. The toner, we turned cartridge specialist to the past few weeks. I'm sure a lot of you have called 1-800-2-8-7-9212 which we're glad to hear. And you save a lot of money on your printing and office equipment supplies. For those of you who haven't called yet, what are you waiting for? A laser recharge is about injects, thermal carbon paper supplies. They provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make them run just like brand new again. When you call 1-800-2-8-792-12, you'll talk to just Bob the solar and earth vince of plan, but this isn't so float or what they need. In most cases within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges as compared to depot pricing. And I want you to keep in mind that all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured not refill. Just about anybody can sell your cheap refill cartridge but you only get what you pay for. Re-manufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go and a laser carries a complete lot of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes, along with brothers and girrox drums too. A laser recharge is proud of individualized service. Anyway, no questions asked satisfaction guarantee. So if you need toner cartridges all of these things just pick up that phone and call just Bob at a laser recharge at 1-800-2-8-792-12. That's 1-800-2-8-792-12 around a wicked web. It's a laser recharge.com. What's the boss? Well, of course, 4-20-5-60-2-S-U-A-M. But it beaded with the word I hope on W-Q-A-N. In rip water, a separate body all the time That's a way of life is far better For this I'm afraid to neither In household, dead people With everybody, and taste, never apply all the time So, to prove it, drive in my tolerance and fear It's where it's a fresh, odd, cloudy day And play the old, once you hear You go, there are two bright flowers With a much better interest, life's too to the fall For those who don't know it There's a red lot of a tower I go, and those who someone calls you I don't know it's great, but Everybody, hey, everybody, all the time So, I'm dying, that's me, here is the season Stopping in the prison, this is what day From Pablo, he... Come on to it, five, six, you W.M. Marlon's pre-game It's 1230 Marlon's host of Philly's of PP Park at 105, we got it for you Dave Van Boring in the other booster Now, during that bit, he said something about gridlock I would have thought for sure he said gridlocks No, no more gridlocks because Ricky's, he saved his head In fact, the hero that he's been a very fine 2004 March photo Here, Ricky Williams, who's looking almost human there, pretty good For Ricky, even if he's carried off and running back, Ricky William changes his mind to the sense of return of football The season says the hero that will be forced to survey four games to the suspension After failing a third drug test for use of the W.M. Oh my God! Williams admitted today that Marlon played a large role as a retirement that he originally indicated That he learned of a third failed test and upcoming suspension Just days before informing coach Dave Van State of his decision to retire and quit football William said however, there were a hundred reasons for his retirement Maybe that's a hundred probably God, third man! He said a hundred for his retirement that is desired A continued-scorking Marlon without inhibition was merely one of them He said it was not addicted to the drug but merely that he didn't believe in government NFL laws banning it, he said it all right decided to quit football Even before testing positive for a second time, for marriage We need to use last season in Korean a $650,000 fine He's appealing that fine five to New York to our US case before an arbiter with his attorney The received work last week that his appeal had been denied While the appeal was pending, William said he continued smoking marijuana While on tour with rocker Lenny, Kravitz and Europe Oh, and Europe, the group Europe and failed a third test upon his return See if it would have written with your group, your service and what do you say? They screwed it up. He said he'd been using a masking agent to cleanse the system of being randomly tested for two seasons But said he didn't even bother before the last test after returning from Europe So you see it is from Europe That's what it's supposed to say there but a Harold screwed up bad man You can't even figure out what other try to write You idiots got you a bunch of monoconies I didn't quit football because I failed a drug trade at test He said I failed a drug test because I was ready to quit football In other words he didn't give a flying crap, how do you like that? He's smoking up a storm and don't give a crap who don't like it You're a planet, fucker Tell us what you mean about Zack What do you mean? When you were saying it continued smoking throughout his time As the dolphins stepping only for a month here in Europe A past random test by drinking 32 ounces of a mask in the agent called extra clean And chasing it down quickly with 32 ounces of water Palmer camera when he was originally sitting hand-run yet at the results of his appeal At the NFL's drug rules didn't run him off But rather merely reinforced that his lifestyle didn't belong in the regimented world of football Williamson suffers from social anxiety disorder Was a spokesperson for the anti-depressant taxis that marijuana helped him once he had stopped using taxis Because it didn't agree with his diet Marijuana's ten times better for me than taxis he said he says he didn't see anything wrong Marijuana because it's just a plant and a zero Bob Marley admitted smoking it daily William says Marley said to his olovers body named his first child Marley And his friends with Marley's children even like Bob Marley from a Christmas carols I wanted to say I didn't want to go into it. It's a drop from meat the parents And we let that go on here. It's a name. It's not a fact the new movie. I see is how about Jackie Moe Well, it gets an ending Sovo six a QA and his company suffering from regulations increased labor cost load away Just outsourcing help. It when it comes to the people side of your business Payroll administration 14500 company employee benefit human resource services and risk management These are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing. You can have it help your business be a lot more profitable Call oasis outsourcing today for a few of I'd a way to send one eight six six got oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven But more than sixty thousand employees worldwide oasis outsourcing that is stands as many facets human resource management outsourcing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business Why you leave the operational details to oasis outsourcing what is it let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable For your vehicle call them toll free at one eight six six at oasis and it's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven four oasis outsourcing I Loose Real five six And This sleep if conventional sleep machines with settings like jittle rain and babbling broke don't help get the john carry sleep machine It laws you to sleep with the mind numbing sounds of a john carry political speech I used to toss and turn for hours But now I just turn on my john carry sleep machine I International strategy is centered on an arc and before I'm going to put your Good john carry sleep machine offers four different policy settings to suit every mood from tax reform My new payroll tax credit with more and getting some sleepy To the economy Before we can lay the foundation I can I'm a Thank you I'm sorry Please the foundation I can't get the john carry sleep machine today and with any luck you'll sleep right through the election I'm john carry and I approve the john carry sleep machine available where ever I'm going to be speaking at the Democratic Commission in Boston 55 minutes I speak to you's going to last you think you ought to take up an office pool everybody see who's going to stay wait I got plans. I'm sure hope inform I'm pulling the hope and for the best In fact Michael more if he take back a route America rally at the Ross and I still tell him Cambridge. Let's see it was two days ago two day And a fantastic speech and he's erges carries stand up for the progressive agenda that the majority of America already agrees with and don't be wimpy and weak Need in wishing washy okay don't lack the corgi or convictions is what Michael more says his entire species on our website It's way too long in fact if I started now would be in the middle of the same thing Says my pleaded john carry stand up for the agenda by a Michael more read it and the week okay and then hope for the best tonight We hope for the best Well, you know is maybe all of a sudden he'll love me dynamic well No, you'll never guess I was ten this is a true star I was channel surfing couple days ago and I came across On one of those oldy channels you know an episode of the monsters Yeah, and we joke about it, but there he was sure there was John Kerry In fact there he is right now standing at the podium. They're practicing. They're going to the dry run and he's in fact earlier See an input to son and he was like drinking from a bottle of water and standing looking around. What what is going on there? What the he'd be doing that he's just he's practicing for tonight practice makes perfect Don't forget John press and it's important beer and W. M. 60 tonight at the win dixie look into that 6701 southwest 40 of street in Miami step by the spin the wheel from on tickets other prizes 69 the win dixie on 67 and bird road and Join George this Saturday 2 to 4 p.m. and we have motorsport segue a block north of Sanford road on dixie highway Registro win free segue human transportation device those segways. Remember everybody's going to be using one right right any minute Well, maybe not any minute, but some someday somewhere maybe on your way to secway q q m q these will be their first food provided by the Atlantic city subs. And I'm here in rumors about iR Are we doing another break right now? I warned the audience don't say that I'm not up front and forth right with you. Okay, I told you this is a half hour spots we apologize profusely because we did it's a greedy outfit we need to catch badly I have to Just the way it is all right. This is basically no show here when we got these marlin games up at the upside is we get out of here early which we're very happy about here And thanks again for making WQM number one and mid day number one and the afternoon number three at night number two and a morning number one overall in 2554 makes us a nice extra bonus money and we're very happy about that and thank you so much It's a miracle I OD on the other hand took a big dump. She can play that Think about it Listen to it. Oh, it's a good thing we're no splash Even mom and the box might be listen for the splash When you're moving or renovating that's the best time to dial 1 800 mattress make that first night in that dream house Heavenly with a brand new top-body brand They mattress from dial a mattress you still get to pick that to our window that eight and time for glory to fit your move in schedule And dial a mattress will be on time 99.7% of the time nobody's got a better selective queen and king size mattresses Then dial a mattress ready for immediate delivery when you call 1 800 mattress right now you'll get it that's just a can when Dia is taking a splash on our behavior When you call 1 800 mattress right now you'll get a great mattress at an unbeatable discount price Now an after strength number one and customers had a spectrum in the universe. They were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torts of excellence award When you call 1 800 mattress you'll choose from the complete line of silly sure to king cruel Simmons temper pd again students and foster you would you know it's better App like this year that I'm a quite a convention you who was one to caucus was running in 88 Rob low Huh everybody a Q and is called 1 800 mattress for our bedroom. You ought to be doing the same log out of their website mattress dot com or give them a call toll free right now And Garrett he yourself a great night sleep for a year is to come they come in take away the crappy old vetting stuff your brand new one And also charge you'll be having a great night sleep like I said for our coonsage call 1 800 m a TTR ES Oh Jack Jack All Yeah Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Rock on the end. Look who's here! It's Jack! Who's here? I don't care about any you people. I just spend your money. Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! You're my name, Ding Dongy. I give you all money. I don't care about all of this. I give you all my credit cards. It's the 21st. Come on, 20 at 5. 60. You can't be too young. These pulled it over like falafels in a landscape. I don't care about short show. We don't care. Who do you think is the most underrated actress? Movies are TV of all time. Well, we didn't take it up names. Well, we only had 2.5 hours. I thought I had my duty to do. You know what I mean? I'll say. Gene Staples in 84. That was my choice. And she is going to win this thing hands down. I was going to eat it. Francis McDormand 35. Jennifer Jason Lee 22. Helen Mirren has got 20. Natalie Portman 18. Jennifer Tillie 16. Adam Thompson 13. Tidy a Shire. 11. Now they will fear her. Don't bond that 11. I'm sure that's called wrong. Linda Blair 7. Huh? I'm sure it's called wrong too. Linda Blair 7. Linda Hamilton 7. Amanda Plummer 7. Joan Allen 7. Ellen Burston 4. Penelope Ann Miller 4. Scarlett Johanson has got 3. Louise Gretchen's only got a pair. I don't know anyone votes. I can't believe that. But that's our audience. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I guess we've got to do another break. It's a new impression. No show. Another break already. There you go. Hey, listen. We have no shame. We don't care. This is the one place where theivity exactly the way it is. Right up front. Honest on the line. There is no time. There is no time. So. We're going to get a free test. Maybe we'll take one quick call. Like line nine is always a winner. QAM. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. What are these reports about how are coming to QAM? It's all over the internet right now. Says who? All at best.com and fmqb.com. Howard David. No Howard Stern. Never heard that. Now check it out. Okay. When in doubt we'll check it out. I'd like that if you heard that. For what? Howard David. Howard Stern. Never heard that. Now check it out. Okay. Howard David's coming to QAM. No. The new improved. I have no idea. It's all over the internet. So the chances are is probably a full of credit. Yeah. Howard. He's got a whole new attitude along with his whole new dude. What is that? He's like a totally different person since the head shaving incident. More Howard David. I'm telling you. He's up the friendly. He's beat up. That's good news. Yeah. Well, I mean, maybe it was like chance. And reverse. Yeah. I've got a new haircut done. I'd like Ricky Williams. Look, he finally wiped up. It's good enough for Ripley and for Shadhan. It's good enough for Mollum. All right. It's a good. Twenty two past noon and five 60. W W M. when you go out to eat or you're sick and tired of trying to figure out which menu items are low carb. What if I turn to there's an affordable fast food low carb restaurant that actually cares about your nutrition offering an entire menu that is low carb. Cut and carbs Cafe is that place of fast food low carb restaurant that keepers all you low carb diners out there. Be sure and stop. I've been to try their pounds away pizza that's low on carbs but high in taste. And if you've got a lot of other fabulous things on a menu like way out of raps, carbodeas, so be salads, soups, of all kinds, healthy way treats and, even, fat free, soft your ice cream. Cutton carbs can't fail, find it just outside the salt-reshmills mall on sunrise of the board. Call of it, 9-5-4-5-1-4-0-0-1, or check them on that wicked way of it, cutton carbs can't fail.com. And right there you can take a look at their delicious low carb raps, pizzas, casadillas, soup salad, snacks, and like I said only moments ago, even delicious low carb ice cream. Cutton carbs can't fail, where you can die in or take it out. Just outside the dog rest mills mall on sunrise of the board. Stop fire, call them today at 9-5-4-5-1-4-0-0-1, that's 9-5-4-5-1-4. 1. My deck of local, the 665-60, the way is all yours. Oh, I got you in! It's how it, how it's famed. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of local, the way is all yours. My deck of places. And all box news, burdenship, who live and live. So o' order's clear,rivs day heads to be paid in their immical marry. It's OK! Stop hunting on normalisted I'm going to love that if P.P. Far, George tomorrow I'm going on vacation. I'm going on vacation. Wow. You know, all of the stuff these doors on the internet, I just, if it's all over Man, I'm just in the search, did I find anything? No, no. Look it up. All right. Look it up in the book. I got no right. So we're whole family. I love which I love. I love you. I love you. You love me. See you again. See you again.