A little feel, I'm sorry. In ninety, glitter 87, while while West 84, Freddy got... Thank God. 72. But no, a sky 48, the Hulk 46 matrix revolution and booty tag 45. Don't say that. The crying game 40, Batman and Robin 38, come power, under the 37. What? I'm not saying, enter the fist, I'm not saying that. Don't. A set of a woman. 304, just an absolute embarrassment, just unbelievably bad. Titanic and the Mexican and Paul Fitchney Chet 32, Pearl Harbor 28. In spite of the, or lovely old Ben was in that one too, Ben Watson and... I, yeah. But also Josh Hartnett, who's got, I don't know, kind of a pasty complexion if you look real close. The master of disguise nineteen, sixty-reases separation that was George's choice 15. The matrix 14, Lord of the Rings 13, Crossroads 13, born on a Fourth of July, which I liked it a lot ahead 12 though. Phone booth 10, Hard Rain 7, a beautiful mind six, because we're pissed off a Russell Pro. I'll pray you do a kiss for my own private Idaho with the evade dead river Phoenix Head 3, U-turn 3 and Passion of Mind. Head 1. At least they all had at least one anyway. Way to the heroes gonna be doing afternoons on our effects, speaking of radio shenanigans, this is exciting. What is this kept in Rickfax? Say last night, Lou Dom's had a gun as program named David K. Johnson, who has a book out now called, perfectly legal, it has to do with our current tax system, and how this White House and the IRS can steal it for no other words are harder and money. The Bush-Mister can fly all over house creation in Air Force one of the cost of $1.6 million per hour at the tax fairs expense, yet my VA benefits are cut where I can't even get a decent sick call of the VA. I guess that's the American effin' wases kept in Rick. You gotta kept in Rick. Time to handle like a real country as what I'm saying. Like a Haiti. And by the way, how come we were took so long that they're finally well, you know, we're gonna send some people in there, some international atroops. I just we just don't care about Haiti or Haitians or things like that, do I? No, we don't care about it. No, if that we don't care about this hemisphere when you come right down to it. Because the evil doers just aren't in the hemisphere. Anyway, we can't this is in the great. What's his name? The White. The great big rage him, sarnies calling to the innocent, sensitive joke. He's so obnoxious. Anyway, this is supposed to be about radio a sports radio and TV. I don't know the way that the like I noticed that little dog there when it comes to the top there, QAM Sports Time. This is not done as different. Is it? That was my question. I never paid attention that before, but QAM Sports Time is ten o'clock as it puts like regular ordinary pedestrian Eastern stay or time. Tly asked about it. Yeah. Yeah. And time is much more manly than regular. Always. That's in time, sure. Uh huh. In other words, if you have like a really big clock on a wall, right, that's the sports time. It's D-Fee. Right. Real big one. TOOT! Okay. Well, at the very ass end of Jim Sarnies calling today, he gives us the breathtaking news that Stu gotts and toast. We'll take over the 360M slot on WRF-940A and March 15. Jorge Sedano moved to the 60APM slot, whoever that is. He's the best. Now it seems to me that toast used to be on there with old Ron and old Paul, didn't he? Correct. Right. And then he got kind off of there the little falling out. Now with all his toast got to do with sports. Anything that he do with sports at the end of the road. From toast. I see. I think he's a hostess. I think he read the updates to sports updates. Ah, well, that makes him a qualifies then as a sports sign. Whole. Stu gotts, of course. The very, very decent guy who doesn't belong on the air type of guy. Shouldn't be on the air just to say hello or goodbye. Much less even to read numbers like you know, Tampa Bay 4, Toronto 3, shouldn't be allowed to read the numbers. Stu gotts and toast 3 to 6 and of course the irony of that is that they're going to be on against the Humper. And Stu gotts even though he's been working for the competitor for quite some time out for several months. He's still getting help in booking his guests on a show from his boyfriend, our program director Clarence. Oh my God. He liked that. That's the room around the building. That's a scuddle but I heard some more of today's matter. Somebody wanted to mention that to me. So Humper probably ain't too happy about it. He probably wants to say something to Clarence. Stu fit. As to cut the crap, you know. He got some guy who's going to go on opposite us. Need to go get fractional numbers which that station's gotten since they went to all sports and even before even before they went to all sports. Nice going, Pete Fulger. Nice going, Chief Channel. That's another one of those Chief Channel stations you can avoid. Now let me see which are the stations they own big. Let's use them Howard Stern. Big. They have lug 94, right? They got Zeta. Don't they have Y100? Don't they own that too? I don't know. Let me look up one of their business cards. No, no, seriously. I don't want to say something that they don't. And then what's the other one I'm leaving out? MIP men in black. They got that. Okay. Right. I think. Yeah. And then the two AMs of course are INZ which is now WRFX and WIOD which speaks for its self all spin all day all up or right wing crap WIOD. Oh, I hate that stage. Right. And so does everybody else. All right. Wing. Let's do that. Crap all day. Didn't do too much good though. Sure. And Deep Hot water up to their armpits. Had that John Hogan guy just sweating up a storm man. And I'm from Kendall says. Check out this form letter. Chief Channel. Send me when I told them they suck. It says. Thank you for your feedback regarding the Howard Stern program. We were very much value and appreciate your opinion. Don't. Do the large volume of emails. We cannot personally respond to each inquiry. Below is the statement of John Hogan president and CE of the Clear Channel video regarding this matter. Hogan says. Clear Channel drew a line in the sand with regard to protecting our listeners from Indies and content. And Howard Stern showed blue right through it. It was vulgar offensive and insulting not just to women in African Americans but to anyone with a commissative common decency. We will not air Howard Stern or third channel stations until we're assured that he show will conform to acceptable standards of responsible broadcasting John Hogan president and CE of third channel radio. And then Adam says this is a joke. I need about 30 seconds. About 30 minutes. Could pray for us. Okay. Manish Tana Hala Hazaba. Hata Arnoye. Kaksahoy. That's it. That's our message to clear channel. So those are the seven stations. That would be assiduously avoiding. Wouldn't you? I do. And I'm going to do it anyway. Love you.화 where the traffic jam for surveillance. Interlude by DrCap� Andrew Haard. Think of the right thing. Right, right. Okay. Let's ride. Lot's of violence. Born the next day. Saw a minute. Manish Tana Hogan. Good job. Come tonight. что What about the 81? Why great, hey! My ex- brunch. We're going to lose them. What good job for you. Not a good job. I'll give you some paper. What about this bird. guy he is. Here's today's poll. Let's see how this turns out. I keep in mind and I did give her a vacation on this morning, but... These are broadcasting is running the Howard Stern Show on a West Coast in their Fort Myers station. WL-OFF or what a bit of color is around them. So that's our poll question today. What's your reaction to the Clear Channel Drop of Howard Stern Show? It's where it kind of strange. But that... what do I care? Clear Channel Drop. They drop one. I'm filming at the mouth. I'm angry. I want Stern. I'm QA and Monday. Fashes him as alive and well in America. Absolutely. It's about time get the fill-thaw for a year. I don't care. Not a Stern listener. Or this is the last straw. I'm finished with the right wing. In other words, maybe some people might have been turned around by this dramatic turn of events. We can always speak of turn. We got Christine Arichee as our nearly new, nearly completely new celebrity this morning. On our website neararages.com I just mentioned that in passing, for anybody who wants to see her Christina. Not a... she's not looking all that great to be honest with it. Well, we've been working on that. Ah, what? Whatever you're going to say, just don't do it. I'm sure it had to do with whatever she's showing there. Oh, it's bigger than that. We got boob. That's what the G. Boob for the Mad Dog at 2 the Humper. They Hebrew hammer. That's 4. Panther Preview at 7. A cap said they have Panthers tonight. Why not another win? How they're only 7 points out, I think. Aren't they? Yes. 7 points behind the staggering islanders? Capitals at the Immac arenas 730. Any cap to the hockey game in the Uptus sporting news radio overnight. The boat boat boat boat. That reparted him which. The boat boat boat. Ah, the M.C.V. He's present in the T.C. Repalented muscle live and in our kingdom in India. I don't know why. They won't want to shine but not even hear. First comes the net for you. The zoo president loves. Oh, what I get to know most most more. And get to we go hold it more. If you want this, don't don't go. It's drunken stupid. And it's drunken bitch, kid. Don't go, don't be even. Lumber than me. That should be the case. President comes. Yeah, don't care what it's all. You got him in by a firm rock. The Christian rock. No one's present for you and I. But help don't be. We've got a great leader here. Oh, a president. I'll say what they mean. I'm a preacher and I think I've sent a station. They're excellent. I just want Brian. Thank the Lord. Oh, oh, they're perfect. They're pristine. Am I right? Yes. You better be. Yeah. And thank the Lord for that. In about six to seven minutes there, I would say about six. You got 103 votes on a full already. They're worked up about this and rightfully so. The public is finally starting to catch on. That fascism is alive and well. 103 votes. What's your reaction to a clear channel dropping a Howard Stern? Fascism is alive and well in America. That's what I voted for and so did most everybody also. Far 55 people out of 103, 53.3%. This is the last draw I'm finished with the right wing. 16. Wow. I'm angry. I want Stern on QA Monday morning 13. Well, I'm hearing some things. I guarantee one way or the other. Howard will be on Monday morning. I'm forming at the mouth 11. I don't care. I'm not a Sternless near five minutes. About time get that felt off the or only three. Only three. 2.9%. Out of 103 votes. Only three idiots. Who don't understand what that little dial is? They're on their radio. If you don't like it, turn it off. That kind of thing. See, as we isn't a Howard Stern issue, it's a freedom of choice. As you. It's a freedom of everything. As you wait till we get to that story a little bit later on. This one will, if nothing else got to you, this one will really. It's unbelievable. US regulators should consider whether radio and TV services carried by cable and satellite must adhere to when decency standards, FCC commissioner Kevin Martin said on Wednesday. Oh my god. And they're even talking about satellite radio like Syrius and XM. Whatever that is, except for whatever that is. Both of them. They're talking about satellite radio, which open in Anthony are on satellite. Now that they got came to New York at any W. They're just going to do it. They're going to censure everything. In fact, if you got one of those, you know, a cell phone is going to go fancy rings to what, you know, like a music ring. They're going to censure that too. That has to be a Jesus, too. Right. It has to be a religious tune sung by Anne Murray, by the way. If you want to put you up on the ground, I'm glad. Nice going in. You go boy. Boy. So Tom Jicker writes a sensational column although I probably should take a call or two. They probably want to say happy 20th anniversary, Neil. 28 years in this god for sake and town. WQN. Hello. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? Pretty good. Yeah man. How are you? I'm talking to you. Yeah. I'm Howard this morning for two hours. I wanted to talk to Howard about the whole month or two. I know I really appreciate what you're doing with the freedom of speech and everything. And then stick and buy and how. And I'll explain with guys that are on 94. And then I'm just pissed off about the whole situation. What are they saying? 94. Yeah. Good enough saying nothing. Oh. That's a problem. You're not seeing nothing. So, you know, I wish I was going to do on this and I'm going to warn you if you go off I'll listen to you because, you know, we should guys speak the truth. We want Howard on Monday morning on QA man. Do it. I mean, how you out man. You guys are awesome. Can you imagine we have triple digits? We'd have 110 shares. And you're cool, Neil. Good luck to us, pal. Hang in there. Hi, buddy. See you at the border. See you right there in the middle of Niagara Falls, pedal and around. WQA and hello. Neil. You're sure. Maybe one of the first to congratulate you in your anniversary. Second, very much. And you hit a right on the nail man. Our feet are going down the drain. Right. It was great. I don't know if anyone noticed was hearing the same thing on two stations. That's that's a glimpse of what you're doing. That did it. 100,000 watts FM. Big and Zeta. And they're putting their cymbal cast because they haven't gotten any idea what they're going to do on. They're now in the course. The good news is that all the revenues since you're only running the run in pause spots from Zeta. All the revenue they would have had from Howard is down the toilet. That's the good news. But of course they don't care because they're peeing in their pants. Exactly. That's going to be a glimpse of the future. And four stations playing the same thing. You got it. Three months are pocket baited over. Have a great life, pal. So we're going to have no choices. No mole. And like I said yesterday, Howard Stern then just go on the air like a week or two ago. There's nothing revolutionary. They're in fact if anything. He's a hell of a lot of teamer now because he's been fined as it in times. So I don't know what the big deal is all of a sudden. They're looking for escape goats. They're looking for excuses to come in just like what's his name over there. Rubbed love sponge in Tampa who's also been on the air for a long time. At least was. Oh no. This is disgusting and filthy. We got to get off. And we talk about just caving in. Spineless broadcast. You're meant that's that's a that's just redundancy. Spineless broadcast is this is the problem in America. Very, very few people in this business will really stand up and say hey, we're not going to put up with that. We'll take out of it as supreme court. Of course they do that and they don't have to much chance anyway. But nevertheless, they can force all of it for a long time. But they just come on to pay those legal fees. See that's another thing that they do. Is they just beat you right down. They, you know, force you to pay $0.00 in legal fees to fight them. So yeah, and then you want to back up anywhere. Or losing your ass. Time jick or right to the Sun Sentinel. In fact, this is a tomorrow's paper, but it's on the website. Nice going, Tommy. But I tell you, Tom jick is one of those people who really turned around. I used to think of him as kind of a little a little to the right. Now one of those fanatical right wing religion is not a Bible bumper. But a little bit to the right, a pretty dependable Republican vote. Not no, no, I don't think. Tom says TV did the crime and radio is doing the time. More precisely radio listeners are doing the time. Just in Tinkerbell didn't bear Janet Jackson's breast on radio. However, radio is where the ramifications of the FCC's grandstanding crash. The grandstanding crackdown are most being felt. The clearest and most outrageous manifestation is clear channels decision to pull Howard Stirn from six of its radio stations, including WBGG. Jackson flashes a breast on TV and Stirn who's been on radio for more than a quarter of a century, suddenly becomes a persona non-grata. A university class in logic could spend a semester trying to analyze that. Every clear channel executive member of the FCC ought to be chained to a chair for a screening of Lenny, so that at least have a clue how narrow-mindedness stupid they are going to look in retrospect, they certainly don't have a clue now. Third channels, how to link and be traced to a much more significant issue, media consolidation. The San Antonio Basque and Grammar dons more than 1,200 stations nationwide, a deathrattle for localism, which is supposed to be the hard-of-brug casting. One executive in Texas has the power to dictate what'll be heard in Florida, California, Kentucky and Pennsylvania. This is what happened with Stirn. David Ross, the anxious regional vice president of the Clear Channel station, said in a phone conversation once we have to know that Stirn would continue to be heard on WBGG with several safeguards against in December, to go over the year. A few hours later, the evening came down from Texas that Stirn had to go, in Fort Lauderdale or Lando, Rochester, San Diego, Pittsburgh and Louisville. Ross knows the sensibilities of this market, from more than two decades running successful local stations, however the only authority he had to carry out was the Texans command. Who will out this unacceptable domination of public airwaves? None other than the FCC. More than a few legislators back to vista demanding the breakup of Clear Channel a broadcast part of the Sun Channel by the way, right, Tom? We'll send you a few bucks. However, it's friends at the Commission of Turn to Death Year, this explains why Clear Channel is so ready to defer to the FCC's morality posturing. This also might explain why the lineup of issue-oriented talk host syndicated by Clear Channel is top-headed with champions of the Bush administration, Commission Chairman Michael Powell O'ses job to the president. Not that Paul needs much encouragement to give away the farm, his Commission also voted to raise the penetration cap, the percentage of the national audience reached by network on TV stations, from 35 to 45 percent. Clearly, on route to 100 percent. If that is ever-loud localism will be dead in TV 2, one executive in New York, Los Angeles, way below the side, but will be seen more than 200 markets nationwide. Luckily so many members of Congress bought at the elevated limits that the FCC had a bite back down, eventually a compromise was reached in the bar was at 39 percent, which is still being challenged in the courts. The spanking the FCC took on the issue had not been related to the indescribians he cracked down, stung it being perceived as sitting in the broadcast industry's pocket, pals FCC chose the Super Bowl Comparers he's an opportunity to flex its muscles while doing anything truly meaningful. The barwa corollary to one of Murphy's laws, when all is sitting done, more will be said than done. The FCC summoned broadcast teeth into the Washington Woodshed for a public flugging, some finds will be issued even at the inflated rates being discussed in media cost to doing business a very lucrative business. Once the public moves onto the next cause, so let radio will gradually return to the pre-super Bowl norm, but pals FCC will apply to the Republican base and to run up to a national election. It would be a misnobred to describe the Super Bowl flashes the catalyst for the crackdown and reality it's the excuse. Suffolk put it moral guardians are forever waiting for any opportunity to attempt to enforce their personal rigid codes on everyone else. The actions of Jackson and Tinkerbell which were inexcusable were like mana from heaven for the moral mafia. No one has ever been involuntarily subjected more than a few seconds at most of Stern, Neil Rogers or any other personality now in the crosshairs of the FCC. Given the notoriety, the shock shots have achieved anyone close-pems to been offended by tuning in unaware of the nature their program should look beyond the commandment, stealing with sex and focus on those dealing with false kindness. Moreover, the FCC's actions here constitute a single issue of abandonment of the bedrock Republican principle of letting the marketplace decide. The people who would like to deny others the opportunity to listen to Howard Sterner watch in my PD Blue of ample alternatives that followed in the parameters of their sensibilities. There are scores of religious radio stations as well as an national Disney radio never throughout the US. The combined audience for all of them doesn't add up to what Sterner transitive evening. Is Paul suggesting that the millions of Americans who enjoy Sterns at Altum are all perverts? What packs and created a TV network to cater to those turned off by the content accesses of the rest of TV, the ratings are so low a skywriting plan would be seen by more people. The decision of the marketplace in this instance clearly doesn't matter to Paul's FCC in the lawmaker's neighboring its witch hunt, but they should be wary of another marketplace decision in November, which they'll be unable to ignore. What a great column by Tom Dick, let's hear it. I've gone little Tommy. Wow. I was that great or what? I know he added it. Man, he just mustered all of his energy in his little bald-headed body and just wrote a phenomenal column. That should be posted on every adorn America. Shall Eric put it on the site? It's on here. Okay. I think, it better be. I'm sure it is. Hey, I'm way ahead of you guys, man. It was on our last night. 28 past 10 at 5.60 WQM if you think it'll buy in the new car truck if you want to save yourself a lot of cash and who in their right mind doesn't. Then you really ought to do the right thing by visiting armstrongs, Toyota of Homestead. You'll find him on US-120 minutes south of the 836 and armstrongs, Toyota Homestead is worth a drive no matter where you live because they're going to save you thousands and thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out these unbelievable great prices waiting for you right now. In O4 Corolla loaded, including here they own for just $12.90. In O4 canry with their automatic and lots more to $16.90. Need a truck? How about an O4, Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the country from just $14.90. And when you buy your new vehicle, armstrongs, Toyota Homestead, you get a free sun pass. This was the very first dealer when the entire south-load airied off your free tires and batteries for life. General manager David Richen is staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a brand new Toyota 2 day. So it's experienced the armstrong, Toyota of Homestead difference. They're locally owned, locally operated, they're committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. And their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done and done right. Easy to get there no matter where you are, the US-1 in 2.90. Third Street in Homestead, just 20 minutes south of the 836. So if you're fed up with the mega dealers who over-promise and always seemed to under deliver, here's what you ought to do called David Rich the GM. At Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, column 305, 2 4 2 3 2 3 2 3 4 2 3 4 2 3 2 4 4 4 Armstrong's Toyota Homestead, drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota. 1 2 3 2 3 2 3 1 1 2 3 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 3 2 1 1 1 2 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 2 3 1 1 1 1 2 3 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 3 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 1 2 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 1 1 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 2 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 2 1 2 2 1 1 2 2 2 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 term 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Speaking, it sounded really crackly as if they just flipped your channel held a microphone to it, and then we played it on TV. Wow, and I thought channel 6 sucked, but they took the cake with this one. Says you get no respect that today, I'm shame. I can only hope the thumpers don't sound suborce. No chance to that, Michelle, because we get it. That's the difference, we get it. And it's just now worth it. And as far as getting no respect, I do get a lot of respect twice a month in an envelope. Trust me when I tell you this with it. That's all I care about. Now, when we get to this, this is, like I said, this will put some people, I think, over the age. So this is like at least NC17 this next story. I think it ought to be triple x rated myself. All right. Writers sum it, FCC's Martin Ponders and decency on pay, TV, and radio. This is so far in above and beyond. Now, that other story I've been reading every day about cable maybe next. That was like just a little speculation. Here's a little more meat to it, okay? Can we say that? No, can't say meat. First the poll result. Look at the votes. 277, 179 in about less than 20 minutes. What do you make of that? I'll tell you what I make of it. They're psychotic. They're forming it to mouth. They're pissed off and fired up. And you know something just like that constitutional amendment to Bush might just proposing. As if anybody really cares, this is going to blow up right in their face. Because once you start, you know, we got on the one hand. Here's Ascroft. That's so related about the abortions. And he's demanding these records and names and all of this other garbage. These are Nazi's man. These are absolute Nazis who have taken over this country. I've been trying to tell you that for three years plus. Oh, no, no. And you're getting them to carry it away now. You liberal bastard, Brian. 293 votes. What's your reaction to clear channels dropping a Howard Stern fascism as a live of a well in America 154? I'm filming at the mouth 42, rabbit, just like that William Donahue guy. I'm angry. I want Stern on QAM Monday morning 37. This is the last straw I'm finished with the right wing. 30. How many? About 30 men. I don't care. I'm not a Stern listener. 20. And it's about time get the filth off the year only 10 out of nearly 300 votes. Only 10. See, and of course, that other category with your Stern listener, not the, that's not the point. That's not the issue at all. Because it was Howard this week. And Vubba loves Bung earlier in the week. And next week it could be me. And the week after that, it could be as somebody else who like all the work anime. I can't imagine. Could be the mad dog. He might say a complaint with these, a boobies one time too many or whatever it is he says, but don't say it. Now here's this story. Strap yourselves in. Okay, you strapped in. You strapped it. nauseating. Pooke inducing. Yep. U.S. regulators should consider whether radio and television services carried by cable and satellite must adhere to indecency standards. FCC commissioner Kevin Martin said, I wanted to let me interrupt myself. You know what this is like? What is this? This would be like if they rated Hollywood video, or one of those stories tomorrow that isn't blackbuster that doesn't censor the movies. And show you like Mary Martin, Peter Pan kind of a version of whatever movie you're watching. Right. Like killed Bill Part II. Um, this is insanity. This is madness. You're paying for a service. They haven't got any business even knowing what you're watching much less censoring it. There's no difference that if they were doing this with books. Right. Well, that's next. And don't forget they want to go to library and see what folks you've been checking out. Right. True. So what you've been watching on the internet, they're two. They want to take books out of the library too because they might contain language. Right. Press has been building in recent. Of course, don't forget about the Ken Star report with Bubba and those BJs. Okay. And the love sponge. You know, so I just had to use the it. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. You can say the in spots, but not the love spots, Mister. I said sponge. You said spots. Okay. And why do you get out spots with a sponge? You shouted out. Freshers been building in recent months to address the growing courseness on television and radio with some law. See, first of all, I don't know what that is. The growing courseness. I mean, even Bob and Tom, see, I was thinking about this yesterday. Two Bob and Tom, who are two of the funniest guys up there in Indianapolis, syndicated all over the place. Unfortunately, not in data, brow, but in Palm Beach. Bob and Tom do a great show. We, uh, they like this show. They love this show. We've been playing her bits for years. We get the copies of their best of CDs. They're funny guys. Yeah, they do a little bit racing now. And then, but they do it so tastefully that's so obviously just, you know, it's a joke. Right. You know, they don't come anywhere near what a normal person were considered the line. And yet, well, they've had a pull way back. I had that serious at a pull way back. Then I could go anywhere near the line because everybody's peeing in their pants. So, well, everybody has to be treated like a little child now. That's what it boils down to in America. Why? Because your government's decided the bureaucratic Nazis have decided the word police have decided. Anyway, precious has been building in recent months who had rest of growing courseness on radio and television with some lawmakers and regulators pondering whether the limits of over the abroad cash can be applied to cable and satellite services. Oh my God. Making to the rotors technology media and telecommunications summit. Martin noted that shock shots, open and anti-fired after a stunt and bombing sex and famous places, were now on satellite radio. I think you're hearing from the radio side to complain that will live by whatever rules, but we think the rules have to be feared everyone who's in this medium. And you're hearing from the broadcast television side as well, he said, I think that's a legitimate issue, which is why I think we need to take a closer look on a wider survey Martin said. That light radio and TV providers are licensed by the FCC, which could potentially hold an accountable issue, but he can see that companies like Syria satellite radio and could argue that since consumers pay for their product, they would not have to comply. FCC officials have said court decisions are given cable and satellite companies free-speed protections, much like newspapers. Thank the Lord. Not to mention the internet yet. Congress so far has authorized the FCC to go after over the abroad cash, since they will license to use the public airways, but lawmakers have questioned whether the agency should also be looking at channels higher on the dial. Whatever the hell that means. Right. Fifty satellite radio, cable TV, and of course next, you know, it's the internet. Suppose I'll be in Anthony, why do they show online, which I and I put yesterday, I really believe this, that's the way of the future. That's where it's at. Because, but you'll see, that'll be the next project once they finish up with cable and satellite TV and radio. Then the next thing will be, oh, well, we have to crack down on the internet and they make exceptions. I mean, Kitty porn, which I agree with then, that should be illegal and should be a trace in those people should be prosecuted, but nevertheless, I mean, that's just the opening they were, they were looking for, they wanted more than that. If you recall. They wanted to attack all adult sites on the internet. Well, what they'll let businesses at them, these are the same people who keep talking about keeping big brother out of your bedroom and out of your house, not your life. We don't want big government all the other crap. And they're the worst offenders in hypocrites. Oh, it was Democrats with their big government, right. I rather have big government that like takes care of people and doesn't threaten us to cut our social security benefits. I rather have a government like that that uses our tax dollars to like protect the environment so that Earth doesn't like a fall apart in 20 or 30 years. That's just liberalizing. Alright, more of those liberal-freakin' lies, man. But that's true. Sorry for the times I couldד like! Why me, Rogers, you're the best You really put my amy to the test You're a dress, always gets no new day You're a dress, you're buying taxes to the bear We're a church, the only thing I miss when I go When a wave, we're weak and excited, how far to close But happy anniversary, me and you always love each other Oh, oh, that 47 at 5.60, WQAAM 28 years have been during South Florida, it's a really miracle Although, during it from far away is even a lot better Yeah, a hell of a lot better trust me when I tell you Sonny, shine and it's going to be 40 today, man About 40 Now this memo that you just sent me that was passed on to us by obviously somebody inside clear channel in South Florida Was this yesterday or today, do we know? I just got it today It says excerpts from a clear channel internal memo So it's a lot of been yesterday I know a lot of you have questions slash concerns regarding Howard Stern There will be a meeting today at 4pm in the warehouse to discuss everything We will have pizza and beverages, cheap channel management signs this I do like that To have it a big meet or it was for a clock yesterday We'll have to find out, we'll find out We'll get the inside story, the scoop Now, here's a great Column by Madbibon's very short The Daily Outrage and the Nation on the online Compaction at George, and he's not talking about you either George with a G G Says when the economy's sour as we traditionally Gene up some extra aid for the unemployed That's just Marty economics It keeps people alone to work but can't afloat Just long enough to find work when the economy survives Otherwise they sink beyond helping end up being far more costly The society But this year the bushes have decided to turn off that federal aid Spigot even before the job pictures improved Column might need to send the money set aside for more deserving people So what do we have? According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priority In the 1970s, the 7060s job workers So far this year have exhausted all unemployment benefits And fact data from bushes on Labour Department shows That 350,000 individuals exhausted all benefits in January The largest amount to do so in a single month ever since Records started being kept 33 years ago All of which has economist and sensible people Arguing for reinstatement of temporary unemployment aid If only to help the children of three quarters of a million American families The bushes administration response A bold new stance on gay marriages That's going on that In the nation 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line In fact, maybe we'll even get if the meeting was yesterday But cheap channel maybe some of our insiders over there Might pass along some information you know kids might drift Maybe Always happens WDQN hello Yes sir I took to me along the pharmacist I just got laid off when I need to talk to him You're speaking to him Neil Yes sir How are you doing? I'm still struggling Sorry to hear that Just bought a brand new car three days later they fired me Oh, beauty Oh man What's going on Neil? What is happening here Thank you President Bush Yeah 83 billion for the war and I rack and look what's happening to Americans You got it And not to mention the tax cuts for the rich I'll never be rich So I don't have to worry about that There you go Okay good luck pal Hang in there Thank you Well that's sad A pharmacist gets laid off Maybe Rush can subsidize him for a few months To get rid of this huntum man To get rid of these Nazis in November Bye bye W Like I said, there's only two jobs that this crowd is going to create in November There's going to be an opening for President and Vice President And they can film Trust me Make no mistake about it As we need is the Democrats are I think they're going to be a real serious problem Where are the Democrats when it comes to freedom of speech Anybody here at my site or that debate talking about that No, you bet they didn't As the idiots they're asking the questions Ron Brownstein and our good friend Larry King And by the way Larry got booed by the audience Good one point I forget I figured what the idiotic comment that he made to a carry I think the audience was like I thought they're going to come up with lynch his ass Thur snap and his suspenders Just pathetic But you know it's half to spend at least at least ten minutes and more on a game Arranges again and try to put everybody's feet to the fire And of course Edward and Kiri don't have the balls Unlike cocinage and sharpen They don't have the balls to come out and say well you know we're for it Now while we're against the defensive marriage act But but it would be better but about also the crap But it's the best we got So we can do that so we can come on the best alternative we've got 433 votes George Yeah over half an hour I think this might be a record We might have a record break and they hear today's ladies and gentlemen Because the public is pissed off and fired up And like I said they woke us sleeping giant with this Howard Stern crap And I'm going to tell you something if it would have been more than just a six If infinity gets pressured then carmas and has to actually dump Howard all together Or if Howard gets disgusted and walks out because of all of this Which I wouldn't blame him he's got millions and millions he doesn't need to crap Then you're going to see in New York and in LA even Chicago and the major markets in the country Then you're going to see some screaming and trying to carry on Right Here is the most listen to personality in South Florida radio And I have no problem saying that Number one And of course the FCC says well ratings don't mean anything because yeah nothing means anything to them That doesn't establish that there are jittens of people out there who enjoy and are not offended by his program But if one or two wackos out there want to start sending letters making a big sim as well He did this and he did that and can you imagine you this on Tuesday and all the sort of bull crap if you don't like it turn it off There is nobody who ever died Because they listen to the Howard Stern show of is nobody who's child ever went out and raped somebody because they listen to five or ten minutes of the Howard Stern show or an hour of it or ten hours Oh, you don't know that I do know I'll bet your life on it I'll bet your life on it and I'll throw a Michael Palau to for good measure 433 votes what's your reaction to curchandled up and Howard Fanges him as alive and well in America 226 and you people are I'm so really correct Folks I'm angry I want Stern on QM Monday morning 69 people say that and I'm not making up that number just to be a smart ass 69 I'm forming at them all 58 they're forming their rabid The Gillette phome is on the corners of their posts This is the last draw. I'm finished with the right wing 37 I don't care I'm not a Stern listener 35 you should care And it's about time get the filth off the year only 13 out of 442 votes 2.9 percent get the filth off the year get it off now I feel on clean. Yeah, right then listen to some lovely and Mozart Just like those people with the classical music those idiots that were screaming and the carrying out about TMI when they took out the classical music Because they could make any money with it over their a cost broadcasting and they lie through their teeth You know go you got a CD player If you don't have one go steal one Go steal some great CDs man that music sounds so great on CD a few imagine Chopin and Bach and Brahms and Beethoven and Mozart and Hundle and who am I leaving out list? Franz list As a matter of fact I was I was going through my CDs just the other day and I was looking and looking and I thought to myself Yeah Took me while to get there, but I got it Oh, god, I think it's enough to make you lose your mind What it is While a country is sitting back on one of these morons like well blitzkrieg are sitting on there and that brought they had a yesterday after the she really pissed me off Pretty into the show remember that one been bet the they have on CNN. I don't know what her name is. She was asked. It was about the Howard stuff She was asked get a most idiotic. She had the two talk show people on there, you know the right and the left and all the other contribble crap I don't care where you're coming even rush Even the anxious right wing pill pop and rush was pissed off and fired up yesterday informing at the mouth Because anybody who's in his business can't possibly be I'll tell you even while they had on yesterday on MSNBC I'm sorry that I saw the right wing lunatic Michael Savage was on air and He was decrying the idea says well, they've got dump buttons. They've got the you know There's no reason in a world that anybody should be censored on a radio and he's right and so is everybody else who says that And so this business about get the filth off the area why you listening to it See there are some people as you and I know very very well. There's some people who want to be offended Right, that's why they listen. They wonder their massacist. They want to inflict it upon themselves Oh, this is disgusting. I feel unclean they go to a great change the dog One more on W2QM hello QM I know that they're I can smell it QM Not there WQM hello me on hey happy anniversary first Thank you Secondly, I just want to say about our guys that are dying in Iraq. Yes. I have two boys They're eight and eleven and I'm not raising them to die for someone's political agenda You're the grinder Yeah, do this George without going on. Well, this is George and me. Oh, I mean, oh, I guess I also just Wanted to say two I have been unemployed since no death on my son. Oh boy. I Instead of living beyond my means put money away and the new book myself financially to be able to survive Good So you know, it can be done. It can be done even for the bush mice. They're right Well hang in there till I'll be into the year that's the best I can tell you. Oh, I know I'm full Canada Good lucks. We now I'll see you right at the right at the Ontario side Bye Let's see join George tomorrow. We got some stuff coming up now joined George tomorrow 11 a one to bill Sitals Boulevard of Savings at the the Samachigai gonna be their George see Northwest 36 we just wasted 27th Avenue money. I was you just get there early before the entire stand He told the sandwiches from Atlantic City subs free food and we got our usual crappy a low budget Q and prizes too That's 11. I wanted Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings with George Northwest 36th street just what West of 27th Avenue My means then 3 to 5 tomorrow afternoon stop by at the singular wireless located at 63 11 North Andrews 7 when Cyprus Creek stop by there to win tickets to the Beatles classical mystery tour Happening at my is the park this Sunday other prizes. Who's gonna be there at that one do we know that? What? That'll be Josh is gonna be there at me and I hear that George Harrison and John Leningo be there too Sports for the inspiration Excellent Martian in the basket you I know, this is Peter. Just see the way we don't want to leave. I still don't. George just grabbed me and said, I wanna hold you hand. I wanna hold you hand. Who could that be on the bat line, hello? I'd be on the rest of the day, Neil. I knew it was Jeff Cohen on a bat line. I thought you were coming with food today. I'm on the way and I was running a couple minutes late, so I wanted to make sure I called. Jeff Cohen, I'm a real famous pizza lot, scouring for another plug on the ear. We're always letting the blush because he's bringing Josh and George pre-lons today. And more. How's things? How everything going good now? Everything's awesome. It's so busy. I have openings for cooks. There's any cooks out there looking for work. I'm going to help the job situation. I've heard you've got some openings, but I'm in the present time. I won't talk about them in detail. Okay, I'll probably be a good idea. Yeah. In fact, when you come to studio from now on, no more of those, you know, we're going to talk about his business. No more monkey business. Just business, pizzas and calzones and things like that. No more of that filth and disgusting accram. You know, I couldn't agree with you more because I don't want to get to it on off the air. Right. And we don't want to lose our licenses to sell you some more pizzas. Right. There you go. I'm coming right here. You're saying, she mighting another anniversary for you. See the rumors lately? No, you know, he's today been travel and a lot. You know, with the team, he's been travel with the team a lot. Teams in town right now got the big capitals game at the McAureen at night, so when we're surprised if rumors might pop in for a nice lunch today. I'll see you there on the phone. How about you, Will? Okay. How long have you been on the show, about 20 years? Something like that. We've been open 27 and I was on the open a few years when we started the other. Pizza law for the longest standing sponsors on this show. Let's see. Paparoa Park also. A drag concept about 400 years. Chuck Alphieri. What are some people been advertising on this show for a long, long time? In fact, I remember that I didn't even know who you were when used to stop there and pick up pizzas. Ooster stop where? I had the original pizza loft in my hand. I did? Well, I was right. Oh, that's right. That's how it all started. You spent a week here. Don't let the word out, but you know, Jimmy, I was going to return. I'm going to be doing the a panther play by play on radio in the two years. Really cool. Don't let the word out, don't guilty, give it a half cent. All right. Yep. We won't tell anybody. I'll get that food in there, Jeff. Thanks for calling. 10 minutes away. Happy anniversary again. Thank you. Take care. Thanks. Bye bye. Jeff caught up the pizza loft in Davy on the University drive between Griffin and 5.95. And the pizza loft plays a BNP1 imports. There's a free plug. And why not? Why not? He's a great guy. He's so I've been with us a long time to thicken thin to his mistaken plantation. I mean, well, look at, I tried to tell him, but you know how it is. You can't tell anybody nothing. They have to make their own mistakes, right? Right. 5.670560. Paul, I tell you, Michael Mayo has got a great column Tom's chicken. Oh, and I, you were right. I did forget to put that on the website, but Eric Bing. He is a sharp as a piece of broken glass these days. I don't know what got in the hand. Staying glass at that. That's right. And he got that on the right way. So it's the lead story on our website today. And he will Rogers.com. And of course with the lovely picture of Christina Ritchie with her hanging out. Airs. You don't even have to say the word. They know the word. Yes. Right. When I go to my Yahoo. It's right there. All updated. Yeah. Now, how do we explain that to people? Because I'm, you know, how technically oriented I am. I can actually get these things done, which I'm Eric. I'm so excited. I came big and tell him right to pee in my pants. Because we have this new feature on here where people can put the O'Rages.com on there. My Yahoo is their daily a page. What are their daily pages? They can add in as a module. Right. And they can all the stories on there. All the headlines. And then if they like, you know, it sounds interesting. They can click them on or read the whole story. And then they can link right over to our website and look at those, and they can picture. I mean, look at those great stories. Vote on our poll. It's a fabulous thing. Nice going, Eric. God. It's, uh, it's amazing. It seems like we're turning the corner just at the time. Other people are getting beaten in the ground. We're still turning the corner. Now, of course, we got a ways to go. Just like Al Pacino and Sena of the woman. He was turning the corner, but not sharp enough. Chris O'Donnell was okay in that movie. Keep taking his pants off. 558 is not interesting. That's one of the few things. I remember how that movie. Because the rest of it was so forgettable. Makes perfect sense. 558 votes. What's your reaction to clear channel drop in the Howard Stern show in Florida? And five other clear channel markets. Fascism is alive in well in America. 23. I'm angry. I want Stern on QM Monday. 93. I'm Howard. Absolutely. I'm fooling at the mouth 76. I don't care. I'm not a Sternlister 47. This is the last drum finished with the right wing 42. And it's a bad time to get the filth off the year only 17 out of 558 votes. 3%. 3%. 1 until the other 97% what they can't can't listen to. tragic. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. With kneel shut. It's kneel. Yes. Speaking. This is kneel. Yes it is. Jeff Remer citing last night. Yes. Yeah. Have you dinner and cold springs with Bobby or? Oh my god. With Bobby or? Yes. Oh my god. I'll be hearing about that. Yeah. He was in the last night with Bobby or. And Jeff's wife. And who's wife? Oh, Jeff's wife. Oh, Jeff's wife. Yes. I wonder who picked up the check. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Number four. Bobby or picked up the check. I'm sure that. Am I right? Of course. Well he's got a few bucks. Even though he got screwed out of most of his money by his agent by that. Crook. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm surprised. We're more hasn't called him yet to say happy anniversary. Happy number 28. Happy a tie. Don't mean number 28. Don't mention anything about the leads. Please. Go. You're a big fan of me. So you're my day boy. I told you they're going to coma man. They're really. And if people here again in total denial. Oh, well, I've had such a great record of head such a great year. Ah, yeah. Have a good time with the goal. Let another screen. Calm down, Joe. It's brutal. I want to. Thank you. Thank you so much. um, If that's uh. Only the people that complain are the ones that are heard. So the majority of people, of people I don't think we're offended and I'm 30, seven years old and I have never posed in, not going to the practice, 30, 40 votes. Oh, right. Excellent. It's just expired, because my vote is for the first one there on the poll. Spaces and is alive in part on America. That's it. And you are. Absolutely correct. Good luck, Pal. I'll be back to your four times just to make sure they can at least one. Okay. All right. And I'll share it to you. That's the motto. You know, I think I got all those 90 rolls at the polling places. You know, they haven't got no idea which side is up and which side is down. They haven't got a clue. So, go in there a few different times. You know, put on like a phony mustache that grabbed you a thing with the nose and the mustache. Yeah. In fact, that's what we ought to start doing is pedaling fake ID to get even with the bush mice during cats and heres and jab bush, the hunch is fat as governor. What they ought to do it. Oh, brother. I'm going to tell you, you know, who else really pisses me off speaking of fat asses that Dennis has to do this again. And you put all these pieces together right now and none of the people are screaming about this. Screaming. I got in my pile here. Hashtard from and who are they kidding? On one hand, a bush mice just says, oh, well, we agree with the two month deadline for the 9.11 inquiry. But Dennis has to, of course, who's the house majority, later says, oh, he's against the not going to permit it. Now, do you really believe that the house majority, especially a puts like any hashtard, you really think that he's just doing his own bidding and just ignoring the president, of course not. So they have in it both ways. They're saying, oh, well, the president agrees he wants to give the a too much extension, but then he hashtard has hardened his opposition to extending the deadline for the independent commission, stunningly 9.11 attacks, even as the panel's leaders pleaded yesterday for more time to complete their work. There shouldn't be any deadline. If we really want to get to the bottom and get to the truth, the truth for the American public and for the victims of 9.11 and their families and relatives, then there shouldn't be, how can there be a deadline? It's like saying, well, we're going to have a deadline for the investigation of the assassination of president Kennedy. How can you do that? There's no investigation. At least the individuals are. Hashtard and Anxious Fat Illinois Republican public in law makers the meeting yesterday he would not bring up any legislation to grant the commission extra time said spokesman John Fiery. Hashtard rejected a personal plea from the White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card on Extension Monday. Right, Andy Card. Oh, sure. The president said, hey, Andy, go in and tell him to do this. Get the cheeseburgers too. Why do I have to? Andy. He still doesn't feel the commission needs any extra time and should complete its report as soon as possible. Fiery said, adding that a later deadline also would make the commission a political issue to the presidential campaign. Well, if they have nothing to hide, if they didn't know anything wrong, they're what's the problem. In other words, they fear the truth. They fear that the public could fight out that the Bush might just screwed up and con the Lisa and all the rest of these Nazis and that the Neo-Con's already had this in a works anyway. The Iraqi business. And that they were busy sleeping at the switch with all the warnings they had about 9. 11. There were two busier working on other stuff like the, or a pipeline through Afghanistan with their friends, the Taliban. Don't forget about that. Well, I want to tell you what, what a company of crap you could put together right now. It's only the end of it's only beginning of March in a couple of days. Not only March, but what a company of insanity you could put together a damning garbage against these bunch of Nazis from this story here to the Halibut and scandals, which now it's a criminal investigation to the brutal censorship that's going on to the kids that are dying in Iraq based on a bunch of lies, the constitutional amendment based on a hate and on and on and on. It goes into course starting with the election that was stolen from the public right in broad daylight and we're better to do it then of course in Florida. And we're going to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to be the first to these aussi Hey, everybody! I was mad at you! But I was just gonna think of you, bro! Big Arnie says, Why don't you ask him to go to their window stick and you're hit out in the air? I'm as mad as hell. Never has this been so violent thing to do. You're right, Big Arnie. It sucks. It's a pile of crap. All the stuff that's going on. And I'll tell you one other thing that's going on too. For example, at the top of the air when I played that Beatles bit, Yes? Now, I was gonna play this one. But, I find myself now, and you ought to get in the habit of doing the same thing. Do it on breaks, auditioning, and listening to something before you play it. Right, because I found out that that one is a mother, well, I don't want to say it. You know what I'm saying? It's a bad word. It's a bad word, and the bleep isn't all that ought to be. And words are not completely right. Last half of that word is not completely taken out of this. So we're gonna play it? No, because if they hear the word, So I thought we had over 100 bits in there that we were taking out. Now, I think it's more like about 4,000. Right. 4,000, because it affected my defense, somebody. It might have a word in there, and I believe might not really really good enough, but they might be talking about sex on a radio. Oh, no, I might have something to do with a body part, or God forbid, an ex-category activity. Come on. Grow up America. Your kids are dying, bloodshed, and hysteria. And people are worried about a few words on a radio. That this, and a boobie, of course, just like Tom Jick has said, as an excuse, don't let me forget in the last hour, what are we to Tom Jick or article again on here? That's one of the great articles ever. Sure was. What a comeback for little Tom Jick, he must have got religion, or lack of it. He must have got rid of it. They speak of that. I said, way, Daytona Beach passed your suit for allegedly molesting teen girl. Oh, here we go again. Well, at least it was a girl. A prominent pastor in Chaplin at the Thuncookman College has been sued for allegedly molesting a teenage girl who saw his guidance. The woman now in adult accuses of the Reverend Michael A. Frasier of molesting her during a six year period beginning in 1998 when she was 14. Frasier of pastor of Stuart Memorial United Methodist Church is also an adjunct professor in Chaplin at the Thuncookman, Frasier referred request for comment was attorney, Grady Irvin. No can I'm sure to Monty Irvin, or Grady Hatton, who said he had not reviewed the law suit late yesterday. Irvin also represented Frasier in the sexual abuse investigation by Orman Beach Police Last Summer. No criminal charges were filed in that case. The suit filed in Circuit Court Monday, six more than 15 granted damages from Frasier of the Church and the District. College spokeswoman Kathy Kursha said, officials interviewed the girl members of a family and Frasier after learning of the police investigation. The school dropped its inquiry when no criminal charges were filed Kursha said the college would be guided by the findings in the season of the course. If the lawsuit goes to trial and said, Here's a George fan who says a few years ago I became embarrassed to be in American Now a Machine. Well put. PR Ralph says, Now don't talk about the fire at the pizza locked on Flag vest. Thanks PR Ralph, whatever you say. There's this watch your language and the facts is to don't be facts you know up see language. If it was on to the right thing with the facts police, that's another area. Not just your satellite radio, not just your cable TV, not just your internet, not just your over the air radio and TV, but your fast machine. And talking dirty over the phone. Oh, that's going to be the absolute worst. They'll come and get your ass. Let's see. It says I don't know if you heard about this. Yes, I did hear about his matter. In fact, this morning most suggested that WQM management take out a full page in the paper saying, how it is on the radio referring to himself. Absolutely. Can you imagine the shock and horror and revulsion, I think you left out. When people would tune in expecting Howard Stern and instead get poopy caca, Howard absolute. No Howard David. Well, it is an idea though, it's I mentioned that to moth. Oh, thanks by the way, moth for the email. Happy anniversary. He says think just 28 more days. Our years. Whatever he's saying. Very cute, though. Don't cry too much at the funeral now. Do you hear he was going to a funeral today? Yes. And I don't forget that he used to work with. I see I don't go to funeral. I don't have to worry about crying at the funeral and getting all upset because it doesn't accomplish anything. I mean, once those people are dead, it's, you know, right? Yeah, to want to be nice to people, be nice to them when they're alive. Not to wait until they're in a box. Oh, you're best intentions. It's kind of a waste of time. And I would think part of that is also guilty conscience. Well, I really have to show about a respect. I respect for what? A dead body in a box. You know, show up when they're alive. Why in him and dynam and be nice to him. Pick up the check once it's a while. What? Oh, I'm just saying, I'm just saying if he showed up in my funeral, I wouldn't impress me. I wouldn't, I wouldn't get the job done with me. I still don't see him calling in here to wish me happy 28th anniversary to you. No, I don't see no. Now, this article by Michael Mayo, I can't believe I'm reading two great columns in the same program from the same newspaper. Now, this one was from yesterday. But better late than ever. Michael Mayo, Michael holds a Mayo with the Sun Sentinel rights. Mills movie, Rob Visceral Insighting. He says about halfway through this two-hour horror movie, somewhere between the lashes tearing out chunks of flesh and nails aren't really being hammered through palms, but Trisha Alkins leaned over to me and whispered, this is horrible. And when it was over after a heel Jesus exited screen right to the light and the credits came up, the first words out of her mouth were, well, I'm glad I didn't pay to see that. So there we were a lapsed Christian atheist, her and a lapsed Jewish agnostic me, trying to gather our thoughts in the darkness of the regal oakwood movie theater in Hollywood after enduring Mel Gibson's much valleyhood and debated the passion of the Christ. It didn't really offend me, I'll consider to stick in me and board me, I couldn't wait for it to end. My idea was to take an atheist of the film and get her point of view because we've already heard him well-continued here from the various religions and religious organizations, which states in his raw and unspearing retelling, it was my treat. After the 1240 showing on Wednesday, which ominously was interrupted by a power outage, just as Jesus was being seized for his trial before the Jewish high priest Jesus Christ. Alkins and I were both in a state of disbelief. It was overkill with the violence Elkins said, as if he possibly could still be alive after all of that and how do we know that any of this happened as it was portrayed, this didn't convince me or prove anything to me. Me, I couldn't believe that a movie discrathic revolving around the torture mutilation and execution of one entity, whether human or deity, didn't mirror it in NC17 from the ratings board that supposedly protects our delicate impressionable children. No, this film somehow leaked out an R rating, meaning the parents and passes can bring the kids, must be because there was no full nudity or sex, having forbid that kind of display in our films. In a way, this movie is already a triumph for Gibson, I mean, how many directors would be able to orchestrate a median marketing frenzy like this, generating so much controversy and futility that he could turn opening day into a news event, all for a film an era may have been Latin with subtitles no less. You mean it's done in English, grown to woman in the ticket line after reading the bad newsplastic, the cashier's window, she bought it ticket anyway. The film was almost, on the present ones they show non-3 of 18 screens at this multiplice, our showing was about a quarter full when it ended there was no reaction just silence. I don't know what good to come of this in L.C. 65 or retired psychiatric nurse and British ex-paterate who was baptized in confirmed in the Church of England, and then just kind of fell away. Now she's acted in the local chapter of the Florida atheist alliance. The group holds a non-prear-breakers to remunct the dennies in Hailea. When you're in Hailea, believe me. You need a prayer. If you go and believe in the story, it'll merely be enforced those believes I'll consider but she expressed concern about a leading extremism, said the whole debate about who gets the most blame the Romans of the Jews can only lead to more hate and divisiveness, the crux of her problem with organized religion which he calls catastrophic to the world. I don't think this was entertainment else and said I think Mel Gibson is a bit fanatical and he's trying to push and home with his movie. He's trying to fire up the believers. He's trying to fire something up with that. I mean, that was intense. So intense that it's hard to predict what can be answered or consequences might be. Gibson, who he said, who said he spent $30 million. Not good, man. I was so lonely to make this project said he did to communicate the tolerance love and forgiveness of Jesus' teachings, but the film was so brutal, visual, and violent, it's easy to see how those lessons might get lost or manipulated in the wrong hands. Before Alkins left, she expressed concern about having her full name used. I might have said some of the religious people would think have said she said, I found that all that love one and other stuff goes out the window when they get angry. When they want to make you an offer, you can't refuse. Like the inquisition and accruesates, all of these things. Oh, we want to give you the good words. Or else. Oh, okay. Speaking of that, and we'll get into this because today's that ended to finally releasing this grotesque story. A lot more people ought to be talking about this instead of game marriages and instead of how it turns upon a mouth and whatever else they're talking about, 4392 priest accused of sex abuse. Oh my God. 4400 minus 8. And that's just the ones who've been accused. Right. That's just the ones where people have enough coho and finally to come forward and say, guess what, he done it. He done this and he done that and he wanted to do this and maybe he thought about it. Stuff like that. That's what there ought to be just wild hysterical outrage about, but the media think I've bigger fish to fry, like for example. I think you're appropriate. Very, pinch that. The Oscars, things like that. Sure. I do like Vio Oscar though. 26 after all. In fact, I do like my baby cow. I sure hope that the Vio lady is listening out there. The Vio lady. I'm going to have lots of Vio. Effect Venus, not so I think. 26 after 11 at 5.62 am. Why? And you local about that. Who your sports winning in 5. So it's you a. You a. You get a lot of it. Why? The Vio Rogers on sports all made the O.W. 2 a.m. I can be perfect. I could make the O.S. Cool. I said when I broke up the chart I wanted to. I've got what's right by creating corporate options. That only pair up on the bottom line. Not you. They are a pinch. If their power has no win. That message is filling the empty design. You guys who are kicking 앞으로. They call it a Dogger. Jetzt put them in facts and then they don't just like to get the second care they show they in inside. They're going to they p. Sorry. Think they're going toe Then the scientific One, what I say, one thirty one, what is your shirt is gone by a fan's dinner? Come again. Now let's see, this is interesting this name that you said, but we're sure not gonna put that on the air, the thing from Tampa. Right, like I said, we're certainly all that permitted there. I thought I was gonna have to dump that spot. Didn't you? Hey, that's none of our business. But he said, how is that? The spots? Yes. All right, let's dump them all. All right. Dante and the focus is yesterday that God has returned the air from a week long trip to New York. She said she has good news to announce on today's show. Now I guess as she's moving to New York and will follow Al Franken on the Liberal talk radio and that we're still carried by W.J. and I'll tell Greg we need to go up here and put Stern on power. Oh, right. Hey, that's a good idea. How about here? QA would be better though. For I and the audience of course will take either. Robert Crack, I got a great calm which I think I'm going to read that before I do the pre-sting. We hit it on our website yesterday the most Christian of virtues. Don't look into that after we take 400 calls. WQAM Hello. QAM. Gone. WQAM Hello. That was line one by the way. Just meant to. QAM. Neil. Yes, sir. Joey. Hey, Joey. Pretty good. How you been doing? Happy anniversary. Thanks. All I can say is that this country has gone to Hell in a half. Hey, man. And it just scares me to death because I've got one child and one coming in. I only terrified the legs. I'll see you in Columbia, man. I don't think I'll be hit in that way. I think I'll be in North. Okay. Well, I'll greet you at the border. That's probably only foolish because if it continues, it's just going to get a good luck to you. All right. Take care. Good here for me. Let's all enjoy. Long time. And is very lovely. Indeed. 720 votes in an hour and a quarter. 720, are you counting those? One at a time. What's your reaction to clear channels decision drop and Howard Stern show? Fascism is alive in well in America. 375% 52%. The radio police, the pod police, the word police, the J walking. The pleasure police. So anyway, the game marriage police. Yes, judge dismisses security fraud charges against Martha Stewart. Oh, well, how come that's not on CNN yet? I had their speech. So you were considering dispatching Marines to a Haiti. 2000 plus some Marines would sit on the ships off the coast of Haiti. And the CBC has it. MSNBC has it. Well, let's put it right over there. Thank God the coast is clear and the vote detail in on there no more. I've heard the evidence. I've heard your case. I've heard your witnesses. And you know what? I'm just not convinced that there was any evidence of security fraud such that I can even send it to a jury. Well, good. Judges, Mrs. Security, describes how it's against Martha Stewart. She's not everything is A.O.K. And that's good news because not that I really give her crap about her or her. Peter were whatever she's peddling. But, you know, we got a bigger fish to fry. And now the media won't be able to waste so much time with Kakarire like Scott and Lacey Peterson and Martha Stewart. And all these things. Maybe get down to Bradstacks, but I doubt it. Anyways, that was saying 720 votes. Fascism is a live-a-well in America. 379 just changed again. 731. I'm angry. I want Stern on QAM Monday, 125, or power. I'm filming at the mob 93. I don't care. I'm not a Stern list of 63. Like I said, you should care. You don't get it. This is the last-drawn finish with the right wing. 52. That's 7%. And it's about time to get the fill-thoth the year. 19 only 2.5% out of 731 votes, 2.5%. Or 2.5% or 2.5% of returber and change the dial. WQM, hello. Hey, New Jersey going. Pretty good. I am telling you if Bush gets re-elected this next election, I will jump on a wrap and head back to Cuba. There you go. In fact, I think we'll have to go a lot for you there. Yeah, absolutely. And also, you know, that's not a span of stations. They get away with a whole lot more than the English. Yeah, we know. They say whatever they want. They swear. They curse. They liable this lander people right. So I think I could say that from the least. Okay, great. I said 7. Yeah, you didn't say it. Just don't say it on the Euro. Yeah, you didn't say it. Oh, man. That's what I mean. In fact, I think we may be getting the memo this weekend to careful where you say about CD2. I am CD2 cruising. I am dead now. But that re-number when I was alive. I will listen to the live more. I will listen to the well. CD2 cruise, Michael Powell and Condoleez. I think they've all morphed into one person. You can see what that person looks like now on the arages.com, by the way. Not a pretty sight. Oh, come on. The person here's one says that to insinuate perversion and cover up of those German somebody. There's relying on South Beach at 15th Street. 15th Street has been recognized as the new Toppas Beach since the new hotel in Shopkins, Starsna at the North End of Ocean Drive in the last two years. There's a lot of rubber necking going on there. You don't think maybe the cop is looking east, rock-driving South Doya. No way. Not in Florida. And by the way, cover those grotesque loins up. Frank Serabino, who's this? Gender-tally tips voters blanks slates. What does this mean? Since I was, I better read this before. What is this all about? What? It's a stupid thing. Thanks, but it's stupid. I don't have time for stupid stuff. It's a bomb beach, you know? What are those bomb beach post articles by somebody who thinks he's a writer with them? We have those two great columns today by Tom Jika and Michael Holden-Meow and I Scaw and Mike. And by the way, don't see any of them, Goisha movies anymore, write your brains out. Wawder crunkite. This isn't written by some rabid reeling wild eyed liberal. This is written by the row respected Walter Crunkite. That's the way it is. The most Christian of her choose. He says the forthcoming presidential election will be decided on several issues of profound importance to the nation's future. It's unfortunate that the debates about them will be confounded by a religious issue that doesn't belong on the political agenda, the issue with same-sex marriage. A majority of our people identify themselves as Christian and many of the faithful believe that they have a mission to pass on the word of God, those who don't believe with the same purfer of themselves. Their faith is admirable indeed, this might be a better world if we all obeyed our religious lessons with similar devotion, but that of course is not the case. And the Zellotu, follow the leadership of the so-called religious right, our threatening us with religious war, fought on the battleground of the presidential election. The Zellotu are determined to make a political issue of their conviction that same-sex marriages are so immoral as to threaten the well-being of the nation if not civilisation itself. The more fanatical among them even claimed that same-sex marriages would encourage homosexuality to the degree that the nation's birth rate would be endangered. They also fear that they also fear that children adopted by same-sex couples would choose to follow the lifestyle of the adoptive parents and this perpetuate even exacerbate what they see as the problem of homosexuality. Whatever the likelihood of its more drastic fears coming to pass, even if it's successfully in successfully legislating moral behavior, the conservative Christian right is entitled to its beliefs into its determined pursuit to criminalize same-sex marriage. Our constitutional guarantees, freedom of speech, press and religion after all. That wasn't till the other day, by the way, Walter, freedom of speech part. He says there are many of us Christians who we call our Sunday School teachers and later our ministers dwelling upon these simply and respecting the tolerance for others that they taught was basic to our Christian religion. As the prophet Isaiah summed up this need for tolerance, come let us reason together. I thought that's what the... what's the name said in Godfather 3? You know what? I thought we could reason together. Oh, Zack him off. The Iwall is a political canolees. Anyway, Walter Cranker says, we who believe this are compelled to ask, where is the tolerance? Where is the Christian spirit and the effort to criminalize the personal choices of our fellow citizens? Personal choices that do not physically threaten others. Where is the Christian tolerance and he concede of those Christian leaders who dare suggest that they alone can be trusted to properly interpret the lessons of their Bible, and who would impose that belief on this nation's highly diverse peoples by threatening to throw them in jail if they don't agree with the Christian rights version of God's wishes. Besides wishing to criminalize individual behavior, the more radical members of the Christian right would like their proposed federal law to dictate what individual churches could do in regard to recognizing or performing same-sex marriages. This is another abomination. Shouldn't that decision be made by the individual church or denomination? What possible excuses there for government intervention this decision, except an unreasonable, un-Christian intolerance for freedom of worship? Where is the Christian tolerance in those right-wing Christian leaders who would impose their religious beliefs on the entire diverse population of the United States? Even in the extended a constitutional amendment curtailing our rights of religious freedom. As the conservative Christian leaders, leaders here presse this matter, which they depict as a moral issue, they threaten a religious war that will split our nation at a time when unity would be helpful in attacking far more critical problems, are foreign policy, the economy, education, medical care and the environment just to name a few. In the difficult days ahead, the tournament among us, Republican Democratic Independent Christian Muslim Jewish or non-believer, I'm going to have to try to preach another morality and that is the morality of tolerance rights, watercrank art, and that's the way it is. I will tolerate that. Oh, 20 till noon at 5.60 Q and the man and the mind does often, we got the booster, that's with a G, say very clearly, we like Bugallot, B-O-O-G as in God at 2-7. The storyion of the truth, somewhere in the vicinity of $700 billion, did you know it was that much? No, $700 billion. Billion, yes. You're kidding. Heiming is everything, you know what they say? Yeah, bitch. She, my new. Montestort fraud. That's true. She's falling apart. Thank, Crofts, the actual. On this edition of Larry King Live, on call 16 till noon at 5.60 WDQM, study show is almost 4400 priest accused of sex abuse, two church-sciation studies documenting sex abuse by US Roman Catholic Churches, say, that about 4% of tourists have been accused of molesting minus since 1950, and blamed the bishops more likely in disciplining offenders for letting the problem get worse. The diocese of Yakima Washington said in a news release that a survey compiled by the John J. Collins of Criminal Justice found 490, 2 of the 109,694 clergy who served over that 5 decade period faced allegations of abuse that survey was overseen by the National Review Board, a lay watchdog that sits at the plan words a lay watchdog panel to bishops formed at the height of a molestation crisis. The Review Board had a news conference this morning scheduled to watch him discuss the John J. Report in a Companion study that examines the causes of abuse troubles. A source was read both documents told the AP on condition of course of anonymity that the causes report places much of the, what is that? That the causes report places much of the blame on bishops, whatever that means. It says there more will actually be created an atmosphere that allowed the abuse problem to Fester, number Fester, Uncle. He got done. DIC's nationwide received 10,666 abuse claims since 1950, according to the study of those claims by approximately 6,700 were substantiated about 3300 more were not investigated because the accused Court of Human would dead. Another thousand of so-fins proved to be unsubstantiated, the National Review Board also tell the abuse related to cost at 533.4 million dollars. That's only so far because we've got all these other suits pending. Over a half of million dollars people are starving. People are out of work. Children are living on the streets. And your church, the Catholic church, these Getskis, have already paid 533.5 million dollars and that's only the tip of the iceberg that they've only just begun as the old song girl says. The causes report acknowledges that some bishops recognized the gravity the problem early on in spend years lobbying the Vatican to change church law, so they can move fast against abusers. It also said the bishops are sometimes ill-served by the therapists and lawyers they sought out for guidance. Still there have been widespread reports of bishops who sheltered abusers and the review board used harsh language to criticize churchmen who failed to act. They said these bishops were guilty of neglect and in sensitivity toward victims had allowed the smoke of Satan to one of the church. The smoke of Satan, you ready for that? I wonder if it was that effeminate Satan that had the thing hanging out of his nose and patched into the Christ. The Bouger? A Bouger? What about an aaaahhhhhh. Bouger. That's Bouger. Shombie. Not Bouger. Shombie. Got it? Okay. I'm serious you better like that. Don't even come close. Just back away. When in doubt, leave it out. Just walk away. Right. When in doubt, he read out. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 28 years to the On the year in Miami it's a pretty exciting day for me the phone is just dead as a door nail. Lots of way it goes because I've been ramming a lot here we're doing a lot of reading. That's okay. Do I apologize to that? No. No. Because we got some excellent stuff here today. You got stuff? We got some good stuff. WCWM? Hello. Pretty good. I can't figure this whole section. The homosexuality is married each other. Right? And? Well, I mean, homosexuals, they get married in 50% of the time they get divorced. So maybe that's to give the gay people a chance also. Right. It's okay. Just to say what a bad mistake it is. I mean, I don't get it. I'm done. I don't know. Well, you don't get it. And so, seriously, it's all about the rights that people have. The rights to visit their part of the partner in the hospital. The rights to a social security benefits when they dead. There's a zillion different things that the, from a legal standpoint. That's what they want. But if somebody is some, if some right wing Christian wants to go out and get very four times, that's okay. But if you get divorced three times. Or some sort of like list, Taylor wants to get married 85 times. That's okay. That's that's all right. And if it's all the views are Catholic priest wants to do what's the Mary, them for the four times. That's okay. Right. That's correct. I still understand. We straighten you out. Okay. Good. Think about it this weekend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's not that anybody should care about or worry about anymore than who's sleeping with home as long as there's no children involved. And nobody's been molested or reviewed. That's it. There's nothing else that's anybody's business. And nobody's business. And like that article just said, I read by Crohnkeye, all these supposed to do Christians. Mind you on for a can business. If you want to live according to whatever theory tells you believe it fine. But when you start believing in those part of the fairy tales that excuse you to persecute other people and discriminate against other people and trying to change the laws of land based on your knee and Ethel mentality, that's where everybody else has to step in and say, this is where we draw the line and the answer is no thank you. Which is why it's so ludicrous that, of course, the TV networks he put not here is Jerry Falwell and James Dobson and all these other right wing. You know exactly what they're going to say. The same old hate, the same old scriptures though. The Bible said, fine. Take the Bible and wipe your ass with it. Okay, we don't care the rest of us. Not interested. Just like that facts I read yesterday from the idea, Jared and my me Beach of all. Gaze, oh, to kiss the ground, the enemies are grateful they made such great strides more than any place else. Right. Man, talk about a knee and a thaw. Talk about somebody who lives with probably with a never been off the beach. His life is so narrow. He probably lives with a 10-block radius and don't bring radius into it. WQA and hello. Feel. Yes sir. Hey, are you pretty good? Happy anniversary. Thank you. Hey, I want to ask you about a couple of things. Do you know why they picked Miami for the whole stern thing or not just Miami, but one of the cities was Miami? No, because it's clear channel. I mean, how is it like 770 or is it 170? I don't know what the number is. A tremendous number of stations, but clear channel owns 1200 stations, but only six of them carried the stern show. And one of them just with your bad luck happened to be big in Miami. So the other ones were Rochester and Louisville and Pittsburgh, San Diego and someplace else. Right. Orlando. Did you hear what Bush did yesterday about something about some Cuban visas, so people could go to Cuba and which you thought on that? So would people could go to Cuba? Yeah, like they don't need a visa or something like that. I thought they were making it tougher. I heard that you signed some kind of something that now you don't need a visa to go to Cuba. No. No way. I'll check the story, but because I read it, but I don't think that was the crisis. I think they're making it harder. They're cracking down. Did you see how many T.A. checks? Oh, more. No. Yes. Robert DeValph. George saw it. Robert DeValph. Was your head seen as a good? It's like what America's turning into. Really? Yes. Check it out. Okay. I'm Mal Render right here in Canada. Thanks a lot, Palai. All right, buddy. See you around. It's a 1984ish kind of a thing. Ooh. That couldn't be coming true. Good. Hmm. Like I said, you oughta watch network. Patty Trasky's network and you oughta watch her this movie. Whatever was T.A. checks in 1984, George R. Wells. Right. All of these things. The good thing is that you say, boy, this is your son's familiar. This is your rings a bell. And when Howard Beale is standing there, writing and raving about the Saudi deal must stop now. Wow. The Saudis. And then he goes on writing and raving about how they own this. And they own half of the country. And all this other stuff. It's pretty amazing. Considering that was like how many years ago? About 30 minutes. Yeah. 72. 74 something like that. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Does that feel? Yes, sir. I need a lot of guns. Pretty good. Hey, the guy that just called is a moron. Why would Bush want to make it easier for people to go to Cuba? Is actually he's trying to make it harder for people to do business and Cuba? Right. Cracking down, cracking down those assumptions. That's right. Yeah. That's what he was doing. Hey, Neil. How'd a question? But I was saying this. If you come to Canada so you can hop on a plane. Air Canada would be more happy to fly it. Anywhere in Cuba you want to go. No problems at all. That's true. Yeah. I'd love to go to Cuba. I heard that that's sick. So they're pretty hot. There you go. Anyway, how'd a question for you Neil? You think that President Bush in order to win the election has a sum of been laden hidden somewhere and then right towards the end is going to pop out and say, hey, I just found a sum of been laden. I think you're going to have a top out of a wedding cake. Yeah. And it may be a decay wedding. And the other thing I want to say to you, the other thing I want to say is that, you know, I think I'm a Christian. You know, I follow my beliefs and whatnot. But I think it's totally unfair that as a Christian. And we try to impose our thoughts and, you know, a force. You put a do other things that they really don't want to see. Seems pretty simple, doesn't it? Seems very simple. If you read the Bible, you know, it tells you, you know, preach the word, but it doesn't say, hold the source to someone's neck and make them, No, it doesn't say, making them out for they can't refuse. That's a different movie. So whatever, Neil, just wanted to say those things, and I hope you have a great one. Thanks a lot, Pally. Yeah, it doesn't say making them an offer they can't refuse. Like I said, that is the movie we like. I want to make them an offer again with you. Good. And then of course there's always, do you know who I am? I'm more Greek. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. Nice glasses, I'm all. I'm sorry, I'm all. That's a lot more. That name, I was seems to be like a little bit unlucky, you know? Oh, what do you mean? You know what I mean? Well, how we're did, all right? No, how we're David? No, the other one. 567, but he was always banging guys on the head with it, whatever it was. 567, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. We have a record-breaking possibilities here today. This is shocking. What's that really shocking? Like my good friend Ricky Tiki would say, it's just shock radio. Not anymore, Rick. See how I turned him around, but he loves this show now. I wouldn't surprise that if he's trying to call and get in, Rick Shaw. Remember, on my last anniversary, not only did he call, but was that on my birthday? And he sent me those CDs with all the CBS special. Right? What a great guy, even when that's still musty cap. He knows what a brutal business this is. Over 40 years, Rick Shaw has been playing that old crap in South Florida. Keep it going, Rick. 820 votes and it's not even noon yet, man. It's not even noon yet. What's your reaction to clear channels drop on a Howard Stern and those six markets, including a duck? Maybe clear channel to one who put the duck in Florida. You think things are help? What are crap? What are they syndicated crap? And the one showed that people are syndicated that they wanted to hear. Oh, no, you can't hear that. If you want to hear right wing propaganda around or clocked, that's okay. But if you want to hear an entertaining show, a show for people that IQ over the age of five with a sense of humor, you can't hear that. No. Faces him as a live and well in America, 43, 52.8% said that. There's that cover up artist that built the Wuxib, what's his name? Bishop Will and Gregory or Bill and Will murder them. No. A playlist of Bishop. Yeah, good. Screw him. I'm angry. I want Stern on QM Monday, 139. I'm foaming at the mouth of 109. I don't care. I'm out of Stern list. There's 67. This is the last drop finished with the right wing. 7%, 58 votes on that. This put them over the age. And it's about time get the filth off the year. Only 20 people, 2.4% who just ain't got no idea how to change that die. Come on, my wife and little sister, this is for 20 of my 60. 2.8% who ain't. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12-to-one hour on QM. I want a full investigation. The children should be killed. They know that they're killed. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They can kill. They hit. There are people going away from the land. OK. • 50 years on time 50. I'm thinking of 1984, thanks to George Orwell, Boyne and his band of Nazi. Right. I was listening to the Chairman of Pax Communications testify yesterday. Yeah. And this lunatic makes a miststatement that is the responsibility of the broadcasters and the FCC to protect and preserve the quality of the air loads which are after all owned by the public. Right. Well, if I only airways, why can't I listen to what I want to listen to? Shut up. Was this buddy bud Pax and by any chance himself? Yeah. Was that to find? Yes. Oh, my goodness. What a phony and a hypocrite. Oh, I'm going to, you can look at the guys he's a phony. And then they have some talking head who's some associate deputy director of the FCC who goes to, I had to quote that in 2001. They had roughly 16,000 complaints. 2000, 2000, 2000 numbers like 34. 2000, three, it was a big number. It was approaching 100. Mission to expect a somewhere between a quarter of a million stranded thousand. Yeah. So if I got half of rain in the end, I think I do. The last sense is said we were getting pretty close to 300 million numbers in this. Right. That's right. So the complainers represent right now less than 110,000 of the percent of population. Right. But the tail's going to lag the dog and I'm going to lose my first amendment. That is correct. Clearly country, I gotta find it. The border, my friend. Okay, pal. I look for you. We'll keep the search light on for you. Thank you. Good luck. Thank you. Squeeze that passport. I'm telling you, you people think I'm joking. You thought I was joking too when I told you about the fashion government and the fashion that CCC and how you were going to lose freedom of speech, freedom of choice and how the right wing religion is they're going to take over the whole damn country. They already stolen. They've already stolen with all the history about the passion of the Christ and all the other bull crab. Mel Gibson looking to make 25 or 30 million. Not third man. Books. With spewing hate and fantasy. It's all fantasy. There is no historical recorded record of any of the stuff in that movie. No, except in the most general sense. He just made it up. Oh, but it was so realistic. It could have told me the story. Actually, whatever story he wanted to tell you, what he made up. Of course, like the historians have said to people in that day didn't have long hair like this Jesus. They didn't, they spoke Greek, not aeromatic. But don't confuse Mel Gibson with the facts because he's a genius. 560560. Look at this Martha still faces two counts of lying to investigate. So she's not out there called together. There's Kindles coffee. They're not going to have the kind of discussion in the courtroom. If I can't tell, coffee's got something else to talk about. We said, Ali on these days. Isn't that good? Isn't that a breath? Oh, I'm here. I mean, things for the legal profession of really turned around. Now we got Ellis Rubin defending all kinds of gay marriage. People, oh wow, wow, wow, wow. Who? Man. Next norm canlby after trying to get the death penalty for smoking pot. Wait, wait, wait. Don't take my turn upside down. I know. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going, bro? All right. Happy anniversary, man. Thank you. Hey, bro, I'm so pissed off today with these political thugs. I think these guys should be forced to read 1984 and Fahrenheit 451 Until they're isolated. Exactly. With toothpicks. Exactly, man. You know what? I want more things to say. We're both pilgrims in an unholy land man. Have a good one. Okay. Right. There you go. We're pilgrims in an our holy land. It's unclean. It's unclean. Get the leeches. How about Brian Leach? Unlike Brian Leach. He's just over to Hill. Wash up at a young age. Brian Leach of the Rangers. Rangers, by the way, pounded the islanders last night, 6-3 with their new coach. They're pissed off and fired up. So that's good news for the Panthers. I just mentioned that in passing and speaking of the Panthers, I know somebody hasn't called us a happy 20th anniversary yet. Probably having a couple of free lunches at the Appetra Lawthand Devi. If it's free, it's me. What's your reaction to fear channels decision to dump the Howard Stern Show? That's our poll question to response is unbelievable. So more you're an idiot if you really think by Monday people forget about this. This is the most popular show in a market. It's one of the two or three most listen to shows in America. And this smuck that we got on his S.M.R. broadcast to his my little dog used to say, he's a broadcaster like Tony was a broadcaster. He's making comments about how my Monday they'll forget about. And your dreams, baby, and your wildest dreams sounds like swishful thinking to me. You bushly jerk you. 869 votes in less than an hour. Because we've been two hours. Fascism is alive in well in America for over 59 almost 53% are finally sniffing the Adafidil's man. And they have that anxious, putrid smell of rotting flesh. I'm angry I want Stern on QM Monday as in Monday morning at 646 say that. 16.8% does say he thought it was a great idea by the way. Oh, I shouldn't say that. I'm foaming at the month 111. I don't care. I'm not a Stern listener 70 8% don't care. They're oblivious. They're literally greater picture here. This is the last drum finished with the right way. 61% and it's about time get the feel off the year only a mere 22. 2.5% on nearly 900 votes 22. And then you know there got to be somebody vote for, because we put it up. There's probably half of those aren't even serious anyway. Just to kind of like bust our chops a little bit. I mean, I want to say bust our balls, but that's not the FCC. We just don't want to get down a shalyly, y'all. I'm not a shap because there's nothing worse than having your shalyly all. Then I'll the shap. Oops, see there you go again. It's got to crooked anyway. It's an Irish thing. 10% they own it. 560 WQM. ToppoDoc Park is hosting its business not erasing the season tomorrow night. It's Alica prenight at the track headline by the 160 thousand dollar final of the Alica Pre pacing series. But that's not the only action on the track is tomorrow's program also has the 75,000 dollar maclabel trotting series final and the 50,000 dollar red bite of a red Botanization. That's exactly what I said. And the first 4000 fans at the track tomorrow starting at 6pm will get a free Isle pace t-shirt. There'll be free vacation drawings for trips to the Alica Pre Casinos both in But Luxembourg, Mississippi and our Lucayon Grand Bahamaham Island are free family Fun Night Live music to tomorrow night. Tonight there'll be a money machine at the track fans can enter for free Wins to chance to add a chance to grab a thousand dollars in cash and vetting vouchers throughout the night tonight. Just a half mile from both 95 of the turnpuckets easy to get to Pompano Park. You'll have a great time. Maybe you can get lucky when some macaish. Pompano Park features free admission, free general parking everyday. Live harness racing in the poker room are open tonight. And of course, if you Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Pompano Park. Poker stars a new goes until midnight. Live racing gets underway nightly at 705 including tonight at Pompano Park. For more information call 972-2000 or check them out on the work at worldwide web at Pompano Park.com where Donald Brainer is gone. The money went to take it up to noon now. Oh, I look at this. I just got a facts from Chris and New York who's pissed off that I just made a comment about Brian Leach. Right. It says screw you Neil. Brian Leach is better than anyone on your Panthers. It's run on make believes. I guess he's flexing his muscle because the ring just finally won a game last night against the owners. Brian Leach might be on his way before the trading deadline, which is less than two weeks away. Now much better. He could go to Toronto while you're into that. Well, Toronto still try to get gone, sure. Yeah. And the police still and they still suck. And the capitals happen to be here tonight. Yeah. Yeah. My old blood chest partner from Washington, Craig Rockland. Yeah. I'm going to put some stuff in the basket. Was he power to his knob when you were talking to him? Yeah. That's what I heard. Anyway, happy anniversary. Thanks, remember to always talk about six tries to get to know how do you pronounce that cool next first name please. You're eye. Yeah. No, not my eye. You're eye. No, you're eye. In a pig's eye. You're eye. Because I don't know how to because nobody knows who these guys. He's a hell of a player. He's turned into a real hockey player. Yeah. Matt Colen, all of a sudden, is certainly leading that line. I tell you those two guys click really. Don't get too hockey intensive now, remember because I need to maintain the audience here. Okay. This is because we got Chris in New York. Those hockey, it's he was from New York. Keep going. I mean, probably the other night the weeks were there and yet I'll tell you right the long goes still. You still had the right idea and talked about what a great goal tender. Yeah. He's the best in the world today. There's nobody could come close to him night after night. Not just every now and then. I mean, it's really amazing. And by the way, this this crap up here. I'm so sick and tired. Well, Eddie Belfer is coming back tonight. His back is finally okay. And then you turn the game on and there's that damn telch was not ready for prime time yet or even worse Trevor kid a couple of weeks ago who really sucks couldn't stop a bowling ball. It's pretty depressing. Toronto's little concerned about the future with. I think you're right now and you know it as well as I do it for worse for that 17 game hot streak that they had earlier in the season. If you weren't for that, they'd be struggling just to make the playoffs now as you watch now Tampa, tied up in a standing last night when I went. They're dropping through that conference like a rock. They're going to be on the rampers with the rongo every night. He did it in the chance to win. They still got a shot. I mean, the island is looked like they're ready for a swim. So I think they still got a shot. And I'll tell you one other thing. I was thinking about this morning if twice and Horton wouldn't have got injured. They'd be in the playoffs right now. They didn't have a lot of pressure. Yeah. Gordon was the best player for the four to pan. Yeah, those kids are really a players. And license at six points in the previous six games. But you know what, we're going to be in Toronto on March the 9th. That's a trading deadline day. That could be a very, very big game for the four to four. So I think it's too bad to stop the 10th because they get paid on the 10th. And I'd certainly be delighted to buy you a dinner. But of course I'll be a little bit short. So the 9th sounds good. Now I want to ask you this because I do have, I don't want to get too, listen to me. I think I should buy dinner. Yeah, nobody is believing that. Who asked so who bought you or probably your last night? How did you know I had dinner with my viewer? I had a spy report. Really? Yeah. I bought dinner. Do you bought dinner? I bought dinner. Do we believe him? I can't find the article. I had about a jigs McDonald. Where the hell is that? About how he's retired. Pretty good. Jigs has been a retired after the season. Unless they have a short year last year. And they're going to have a new or radio guy for the Panthers. And Jeldi wants it really bad. And the Yaniya. What's the inside store, Annevermer? Well Michael, your mark was on your radio station this morning saying that Jeldi is a serious candidate. Nothing along those lines. Yeah. You think so? He's he's guys. Let's talk about the Panthers. Let's let's keep getting in the call, Romer. Try to stick on hockey. I just want to say one thing. Yeah. You were a big part of it in 1996. And got no credit for our for it at all. Even from your friend Doug McLean got no credit. I devoted the entire show. I sacrificed my show for about two months to hockey into the Panthers. And all I got when he got up there on stage. And we're all kissing each other's heads. I didn't even get a mention. We're even a snack in the head. No, you got credit from Doug McLean. You didn't get enough credit from the community though. But all I want to say is with the Panthers recent play and the play of Romer Longo. The genum at Williams and MPP candidate. Not only for the Panthers, but in the league. Yeah. I'm growing the right now. It's been the most exciting at here in Florida for hockey since 1996. And what are you talking about since the totalbury Ray Whitney days. Are you off here in Roger when we had a great record breaking season? No, that was great. But I'm just talking about the Panthers starting play off. I heard it's still two from month at the Panthers games. Well, I'm telling you they're selling tickets. And people are excited about the Panthers. Thank you for that. By the way, here's the story finally from the Harold Panthers. Pre-game radio host, Steve Goldstein, say he'd be interested if the team and QM wanted to take the job. Craig Winterfee also says he's interested. Well, it's a live in Florida and the Bradshaw's Florida Panthers hockey games. Let me tell you the list is going to be long. Yeah, a lot of people. Well, I think, well, because Pittsburgh will be folding up before they have another hockey season. So I think Mike Lang will come down and do the radio. Well, there you go. There you go. Well, listen, say goodbye, remember. I'd say happy anniversary, you know. And if you remember, there was one anniversary that we shared came into your studio and back when you were WIOD. We had Larry King call in. Yeah, sure do. When are what are you doing there? Yeah, I remember that. That's your good buddy, Larry. You're my big kiss on the answer. I mean, next time you're seeing. Good luck, you remember. See you, say goodbye. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. It's Friday, you besties. Oh, what's the problem, officer? The poor are from the vehicle. If you're God driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to win four seat belts safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorists tax such as mouth noise. Perfect. And fighting. Who would be annoying to others? So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the desigrated eating area? We'll also be shot. It's the law. We like saying that. The law. The law. The law. It's the law. 1221 at 560 WDQM. Maybe this is that call. Who's back? Larry. Oh, hey. Can I hear him now? Larry. Oh, there you go. I can almost hear you now. I'm going to move around the plane. Yeah. Well, don't move too much. And I'll ask you not to put that to the moon. And I can't throw it to the plane. Yeah. Sounds like the plane landed. Anyone there wants to look at it over the way. You're still in the air? I'm in the air. How about the plane? Good question. Hello. Now you didn't really say. The worst talk video I've heard in my life was on WDQM. You didn't really say that. I did. I can't believe that station except for your meal. I know what I do. I love me. I know it. I left you. I just left you. I left you. This is the only one in Miami. There's a limited amount of it is. Bob Green. In fact, Bob. You know something Bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes from the last conversation. We said we got Larry King on the phone. He's in the other room right now weeping like a woman. Seriously. He is. I'm going with Bob. Are you? In about four or five years, he's not old enough yet. When he makes it together. How about going to his wrist? That would be even better. With the guy in the afternoon, those 1000 boys just right. Yeah, I feel hungry. He doesn't. He's a shandard his own. Huh? He's a shandard his own. Are you sure? Yeah. He's a shandard his own voice. That's right. He does those of the boys. Right. How do I feel? How do I feel? I feel like my thuslan a bad day. That's how I feel. I feel like I just sat down with you. Call a cats and tie in a WKAT and started my first day. And I went to the first national bank on Alt and Roton. She said, you feel rich now, Neil? For 215 bucks a week. That's how I feel. Incredible. What was your first break? Listen, this one. I went to work and knocked on doors and got a job. A small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida. I did everything. I was a idea. I did the board. I did job. I did sports. I did news. I did everything cleaned up. I cleaned up. Is that true? Yeah. When you play those things. Yeah. Why do you do that over and over? For emphasis. We want to make sure they try and why you do something new. Our audience is a little bit slow. We want to make sure they catch it the 40 or 50 of the time. Just 15 years old. Exactly. Try to stop ten of it. Okay. Top 10. That's good. Tell us. Start ripping off David Letterman. That would be good. That's a good idea. Hey, listen. There's a guy here that wants to talk to you. You're going to pee in your pants right there on your plane when you're this voice. How are you, Larry? Larry. I said, Larry, how are you? Who is that? How should they forget? Who is that? You're hockey friend. You? Who am I? Right. It's the green roma. Who am I? Who are you doing in a studio? I came to see my good friend Neil Rogers. You're the guy he liked. And not all I have much in her, Larry. Don't get carried away. I knew he liked him when he liked you. Hey, can't be that. Join it. We've been a little friend. I'm sorry to you. I know I thought you'd be here last night. Oh, now he's a couple of fans. I was a couple of fans. We all of a sudden we got lucky and got a point. Now it's me and I's going, Larry. I'm on a recap and I'm on a recap. We're on a recap. Yeah, he's on a very catalogue. Yeah, you and I Craig Barouby. You make a good pair. I'm going to come down and two weeks to swing training. And I'm coming to the Rogers studio. All right. I'll pick you up and break that. That's a deal. I'm in fight and you're right now. Any time you come in here. I'm coming you way or show. I'm in a field. I'll feed it. We'll feed you. We'll get the from the Villa Deliano on the Walden Road on the beach. We'll bring it to West Deli of head since that crazy place you keep plugging on the air. And it'll be a real it'll be a picnic. Thanks, Larry. Don't drop. Don't drop. Pat too hard. Pat, wait. Did he ever show up to we slated? No. Just another light. Larry, it tells me it was kind of fun. And forgot the bird was actually on that luckily here. It was in say too much. I heard them. How do you like that? So that had to be a long time ago. Let's see. Six and a half and seven and eight. About 15 years ago, huh? What that call? Yeah. Eight years ago. No, because the bird were, are you crazy? The bird was only with me for a few months. That was in the beginning. We were very crazy. And I had a grocery party that I got yelled at for helping Cheryl to contrived. Well, what that was the bird doing there. He was there for your anniversary. Oh, so there was he wasn't still on the show at that point. Correct. And he actually came back. We shipped him in special. Holy moly. That's almost as embarrassing that time we did the weeks with a show from Tampa. And he kept showing up every day. No, I don't think I think got more bird. Oh, that was amazing. He just kept show. Well, this is a big great plan. It's been really a lot of fun. We can let me roll deal here. And next morning there he was again. But he won't be back no more. Unfortunately because he's his tackle lives on. But the bird is dead. Nothing worse than it did. Oh, watch yourself. He had a little carried away. It's all rumors for all. But I remember he's a showstopper. I mean, I mean, yeah. 26 past known at five, 60 W to kill him. If you're starving, and you want to break from the kitchen. Let somebody else do the cooking like Emerald Coast do it. Because they cook up a storm. Start out your mouth writing eating. Oh, I shouldn't have done that tonight. Th right. Start out your mouth writing eating experience with six different soups. And then sample dozens of delicious entrays like New York strip made a order. There's sizzling Asian grilled the brand new seafood saying, Jacques, which is out of this world, they got your oysters on a half shell. Alaskan stone crab, middle night clams, jumbo shrimp, scampy every night. It still have room. It's a sense. Oh, careful. And it's just to get even with you. Saffle the handcar primary with the new Thai specialties too. And of course, no MSG, no corn starch, no crab at the Emerald Coast. They cook only with cholesterol for your oyster to make sure you walk out with a big smile on your Puss and not an MSG. The buffet features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh from cocktail and Emerald Coast even has a full dessert part for your real pigs out there featuring Belgian mothles. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, a lot of your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too. The perfect ending to a perfect meal. Three Emerald Coast locations for you. There's sunrise, pineapple at a 44th street. There aren't columns seven. There's just no one's 63rd North by me beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads and prestigious Pembroke Pies. So take the whole family to got some espalja or book your next business lunch and right now and let our good friends Richard and the gang do the cooking for you at the Emerald Coast. Take out an delivery available too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22. 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 for the unbeatable World Famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Here's the watch where the Elfife's is full. You a-m. Okay. Spreading like crazy. Oh my god. Spreading their charms. Soon they'll be buried. And eaten by worms. That's a loole. People don't come together. People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. Because we are all scared of SARS. Don't go too Asia. Don't go too Hong Kong. Stick clear of Toronto. If you want to live long. People don't live forever. People must all be part. But no one wants it to happen now. That's why we are scared of SARS. People don't come together. People they stay apart. Nothing can stop it now. 32 or 5-60 WDQAM. I think we can get back on track now. Okay. Remember how he has that tendency to throw us a little bit off. Just a little bit off. Remember the spokesman I guess he is now. He is the self-employment organization. I think we just make 1000. If we don't make 1000, I'm going to go on vacation next week. What's your reaction to clear channels decision to drop the Howard Stern show. Fascism is alive in while in America 560 2.4%. I'm angry. I want Stern on QA Monday, damn it. 167. They are pissed off and fired up and foaming it to mouth. They want to say damn it. I don't care. I'm not a Stern listener 74. This is the last year I'm finished with the right wing. 69 7.1%. It's about time. Get that built off the year. 25. I'm not a Stern. It's interesting that percentage has been the same right from the get go. Right? 2.5%. Oh, I can't turn the dial. I can't. I'm just fixating it with the butt. So disgusting. You just take it away. WDQM. Hello. Not there. QM. Hello. Oh, uh. Winners. Pardon this. Not there. 560. 560. On a AT&T. And for rise of the level. Thanks a lot, Mervor. WDQM. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Congratulations. Happy anniversary. Thanks. And I just want to ask you if you caught an article in yesterday's USA, USA today, we're guarding a gentleman who was elected president of Smith and Wester Firearms. We have that on our website. He went to jail. Oh, yeah. It's like something. He went to jail as it in times. And he had a resum when they found out that he's a jailber for all these armed weapons. He said, like, the red lighting mentioned is nobody actually. No. No. Right. He had a record longer than you are armed. There's incredible. I mean, you think that, uh, you know, any company before they would, you know, nominate somebody for their presidency would, at least look at, you know, whether or not he's a. How do they, they've been right here. He'd be perfect for their company. There's a lot of experience. That's really something. But, uh, you know, I think you're seeing that, what happened with, with the, how it's a, you know, the thing that it made is me, you think that if he was in more markets for clear channel, if they would have, you know, dropped them. Yes. I think the pressure was that great. Really. I mean, even the fucking was saying, like, half their markets. I mean, that's a lot of advertising work that we're going to turn down. I know, but this about, uh, what can I tell you when they, uh, when the man, when, uh, home and they put the, they speak to the fire, they had no choice. And so they made him the scapegoat. I mean, I just kind of thought they didn't let him go because, you know, you wouldn't even, in a great majority. And don't forget, they got that $755,000 fine in Tampa that they're still, uh, they're, uh, they're, you know, protesting it. They're appealing it. But, uh, they're already in deep crap and plus the fixed contest and all the other stuff. Yeah. That's true. Well, I let let's just hope come November, you know, we would make some changes in, in the White House and hopefully it'll trick trickle down to the right to the country. Yeah. Okay. I'm breaking up with the public. Thanks. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I mean, you think it was a coincidence that Bob and Love Sponge got a can on Monday and that Stern got the act out clear channel of two days later. No, you're just one of those conspiracy. You're right. Just the cynic. That's right. Because I know what a bunch of graver lovers they are and how they, how much damage they've already done to our industry. Would the help of course from the commission, the government? Oh, why don't I let him buy up every radio station and we can have Glenn Beck in Russian, Todd, Schmidt, and Schnip, whatever his name is. We have them on every and maybe even a few with Dr. Laura on every station in America. All rush all day. What do you say? WQM. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. FCC is a bunch of neo-Nazi. Amen. And Jewish gay Lord's rule. Okay. 567. You're not going to hear you with that? I'm 60. What is it? You said you're not going to argue with that? Of course not. 550 on the AT&T. The rise of wireless line. Don't forget to join George Samar, 11 of them on Bill's side. Those boulevard of savings. He'll be the 7th of guy. Northwest 36th, we just watched the 27th of them in my 27th ad. Stop by to win our half of the... That's just two imprisors. You have what? Beverage is that we can't say the name of anymore. My side. Oh. Oh, that's going to be great for you guys. Are you guys going to have some of those? Yes. You're going to have some... Insider. And they have the new sugar free out now. Sugar free? Insider? Great. Can't say that in a more certain way. Can't say that bit no more. No. I'm telling you, is I go through this DCS. I might just throw it out the window. Yeah. I mean, almost everything I'm coming across now. It's like, oh, can't play that. And now that we realize just how psychotic they are. Just how serious they are. Just with just looking for an excuse. It would be like if he had a copy behind you. Every time you got in your car and it was a copy behind you right on your tail with his radar gun and every single time you want him to go anywhere just to the store to work. He's on your tail with his radar gun and if he went one mile over to speed limit, that would be at 50 bucks, 75 bucks. And of course they would keep increasing and you'd lose your license in about a week. That's what they're waiting for. Won't find it here. No way. WQM. Hello. I'm Daniel Mike and Dolan says for 20 years. Thank you. Hey, how are you? I wanted to tell you, I thought you might get a laugh wrap in your brain around this one. I've worked in the adult website industry. And there are so many people I know in this industry who voted for Bush in 2000. How can that be? Well, let me tell you, because I asked them that in 2000. I said, how can you vote for this stooge? And they said, oh, well, Democrats like to stick their nose and everything. Republicans believe in personal freedom. But you know what the real reason was? They said, if we vote Al Gorein, Tipper will censor us out of business. Yeah. Well, Al Gorein run on this year and either is due Lieberman. So maybe we've got a shot. Yeah, but you know what? Some of them are saying the vote for Bush again, because they're... Based on what? Democrats will take away our guns. Hey, I know where John Kerry's got all kinds of guns. I know, well, in any way, you know what? We vote Bush back in and when the GOP shuts down, the adult businesses. You ain't going to have the money to buy a gun anyway. So wait a minute. Just last week at a week before they started there, they're... they're... they're... they're also going to be starting a whole new crackdown on the entire industry. They're doing everything they're power to put all those people out of business. Praise the Lord. Yeah, Hallelujah. Yeah. Hey, have a good vacation. I'll wait for you from Ambassador Bridge. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right. Bye. 567, how do you like that? Right, when you... I don't understand it. I'm going to tell you right now, if there's one gay person, if there's one woman, if there's one black person, if there's one unemployed person, if there's one person in the adult industry, we're just talking about. If there's one person who enjoys freedom of speech, any of those people who are per Bush again, good luck to you. It's all I can tell you. Don't forget anyone who works for a living. Right. The only people who ought to be voting for him are the right wing fanatical religionist and the... then the ultra rich. That's it. The multi-multime millionaires and the religious nuts and some of whom are the same. And nobody else. So how many of those people are there? About 30 minutes. You can lie and lie. This is sports, winning of my 60 year old. You a-yeah. Eric, I love to watch boobs and butts and boyking. What's the matter, Bob? You know, painful rectal itch? Ah, yeah. You know the kind of tragic craziness crunch around in your chair and your weight, we'll know once looking so you can read. Hey, what you need is preparation age, here. Dri-some. Ah, for it's all the same to you, I'll take it home and try it. Oh, hi, Bob. Hey, I was just out shopping for juice. Here, take some home to fill in. And how about a few condoms, Bob? I just bought a gross. Oh, do you remember? Ladies and gentlemen, this station of apologizes for the use of the word condom in this advertisement. We strongly object to the mention of this disgusting repulsive term over the airwaves. We now return to our hemroyd and doshad. Mmm, you're smart. Yeah, that's subtle. Do we have any of that stuff for swollen, oozy, athlete's feet? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, talk show host, hemroyd sufferer. Folks, above a 300 pounds, I know the aggravate of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellence depositories. Now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhoidal tissue. Just look for my picture on the box of depositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB, the obesity and broadcasting network. And wait till you see those depositories on our website and the arroggies.com. It's a frightening thing. It's a little scary. The applicator tube. And I know what you can do with it too. Charles and you're, oh, and you know what? What? Before I get into Charles Facts. Mark Morgan actually stopped in the studio before the show this morning. And I had never actually encountered Mark Morgan in the flesh to speak to him. And he's the same spasm off the air that he's kind of like for well. Only, yeah, he's still working for L. probably won't be too long. But Mark Morgan talks just like that and he wasn't putting it on either was he? Did you get the picture of what? Mark Morgan. Is it on our, my email? I sent one to you and Eric. Yeah. I don't think so. I better check it out. That's great. And you know who did not show his face today. Especially on my 20th anniversary in a market was old number 23 to our Stratford's playing. He's hiding again. He's playing hard to get. Isn't he? I gave him a little, even the umptious little skipy came in and said, hey, happy anniversary. I thought I said, is this guilty? No, it's skipping. Same person. Well, that's going to be great if guilty does the panther games. Both that be good. Hey, yeah, here comes the question. Move line. Somebody knocked him down. Charson and dear field beats said, 71 years ago, Germany's parliament building the Rachstad caught on fire and event for which the Nazis blame the communists and used as a pretext to suspend all civil liberties. I guess it would idea still a good idea to met who thought it first. Not to take any way from here bush. I mean, prison motion is very bad of patriots, but I'll be, believe it's important to give credit where credit is due. Which reminds me, speaking of suspending civil liberties, that treats the James Woolsey made several months ago. Maybe it would now it's like he or two ago right after 9.11. Now, why was just a few months ago? Is I right here on the year about if we have another terrorist attack on America? That means that we'll have to give up all these civil liberties that we've enjoyed all these years and we'll have a different kind of society. What do you mean by that? I wonder. I just mentioned that. 567, a whole five 60, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous line. WQM, hello. Hey, what's up, new? How you doing sir? How you doing, man? I'll be on the Russian. Thank you. That's 28 years in this hell of a. Exactly. Yeah, I ain't even have a question. Yes. And we're all the bright young Americans ready to step up and fight this country. Where are they? Yeah. Everybody got the mall, picking their head loose. Got the head, getting ready for it. Well, friends knows, right? Okay. Scratch one for us, pal. He's got a scratch and sniff. 567, a five 60, pound. 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous line. Yeah, how come you guys, Georgian, Josh? How come you're not out there? Save it America from pastures and right now. I am, man. Are you? I don't want to say how though. I'm doing the best I can by long distance. Thank you, man. WQM, hello. Hey, I'm good deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. I've got a couple things. Yes, sir. In honor of Black History Month, can I hear Kiss and African American good morning? I will work on that. I like that. Also, congratulations on 20, big 20. Keep it up. You need to wait. Two eight. Two eight. Wait. There's only been 20 of that at that. Okay. Okay. Hey, keep it up. No reason to change now no matter what Mr. Hogan says. Okay. Is that the driver or the guy at the FCC? Oh, thanks a lot, pal. Hey, why don't you leave last night? They suck. That's right. So, Panthers. At least do suck. I mean, that's just the panther game. But I mean, last night in Tampa, and they kept getting down my two goals. They already gave it a little bit of a shot. They kept coming back. But they lost four, three. Pac-win, measure the stick there. We're less than a minute ago. And that's right. It's an over-size sticky. They get a penalty. They do want a good? No. They just, they're falling apart. And the people here are like in total denial. All these so-called experts. The talking heads. Wow. But I mean, but about, then everybody goes through this. All right. I know my leafs believe you me. Folks. New York Village Mayor to marry gay couples. You ready for that? I'm ready. The 26-year-old Mayor of a progressive college village in the Hudson Valley says he'll begin performing game marriages today, calling it his moral obligation. New Pulse, Mayor Jason West, to one office last year on the Green Party line, said he intends to marry at least four same sex couples at a private bed in breakfast. So I guess it's, well, I don't know whether they were in better had breakfast or what they ate, but we don't want to see it on here. The move could make this village 75 miles north on New York City and other flash point in the national debate over game marriage. We are a society and we as a society have no right to discriminate a marriage anymore than we have the right to discriminate when somebody votes you when somebody wants to hold off his wife said in the telephone interview yesterday. The people that would forbid gay's from marrying in this country are those who would have made Rosa park sit in the back of the bus. And he is, I'm so lonely correct. I wouldn't even let you sit in the middle of the bus. The people he's talking about now, that having been said, here is a sensational editorial in the New York TV news from yesterday. Ready? Right, locked in. It says, keep gay marriage out of the Constitution. The Constitution of the United States has meant to chart a relationship of the federal government to its citizens not to regulate those citizens behavior. That is the Constitution's genius and its white president pushes dead wrong to push for an amendment banning same-sex marriages. Tempering with nation's founding document for that purpose would be a disaster no matter how pleasing it might be to push his political base and election year. Once before in history has the Constitution been re-tooled to permit national guardians to but their noses in Americans' personal affairs, that was called prohibition. No leave the judgment on gay marriages to 50 state legislatures. Those bodies already have jurisdiction over the laws governing family relationships, and then remember speak with the authority of elected public representatives. Unlike for example, for justices on the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, who deem themselves competent to decide how marriages to be defined. That court went far beyond the nation's comfort level when it held that Massachusetts gaze over entitled a marriage, not just illegal rights that it turned marriage, never mind the thinking of thousands of state legislators, the majority of Congress, Presence, Bill Clinton and Bush, and great minds through the ages. And so the country is reaping a whirlwind as Massachusetts ruling fast becomes a case study in the Perils of Judicial Activism. But roughly two-thirds of Americans opposing same-sex unions, as many as 20 states are expected to vote on fake constitutional bands, and more than three-ousin states have passed laws defining marriages a union between a man and a woman. Meanwhile, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has wronged head of the open-to-city hallway tour in a illegal gay marriages, which I disagree with that part for the state's rights part is right. The Constitution is too precious and instant become entangled in this mess, and pushing for an amended Bush as he wants to prevent more courts from following the Massachusetts example, even if that were wise, Bush's action is extremely premature. There's no rush in its heartening that even some leading congressional conservatives appear willing to let the controversy play out before acting. The result is likely to be that over time legislatures will move towards civil unions, affording committed gay couples some are all of the more than thousand legal rights and obligations that automatically come with marriage. Though a spell opera example, a property is jointly owned and inherited and divided in the event of divorce. They also cover mirri-ed lesser issues that married heterosexuals take for granted, the ability to make hospital visits for example or to control remains after death. Describe that way civil unions are likely to be accepted by any mercants as entirely practical. Meanwhile, Mr. President leave the Constitution alone. And like I said, while I disagree with the part of their premise, the fact is that states rights is just fine. Whatever the state decide, why shouldn't that be good enough, especially for the party, that's always screaming about gay or us states rights, show me about states rights. But that was only when Roosevelt wanted to sit in the front of the bus against. Right, we want to let those black kids in school in Montgomery and Birmingham. 560560 pound 560 and I should point out that those were Democrats and those people like George Wallace, but again. Fixie crats. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? We public light. Right. WQM hello. Hello. Happy anniversary. Thanks, Pally. Oh boy. How come they let him out two days in a row? Back in the cage, sweetheart. WQM hello. Yes sir. Happy anniversary. Thanks. Let's try with over the Netherlands when all the state and the jacks and stuff was going down. I got the keys on the news over and over again. No whistle. Right. No pixels. I only complained about that place, and all the times I've been there are the Koka XSC guys. No, no worries. I got mugged by two of them. Did you really? Yeah. No. Really? It didn't get nothing. Anyway. Anyway. The Lord for that. Yes. Anyway. I told the FCC to do my duty about what I think is going on in the country right now. And the woman that I got on to the bus that I talked on the phone with. She's totally greedy when she said she's just doing her job, but she thinks she told me the right wing lunatic is taking over. Good for her. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, you're doing service to humanity and in closing. Can you play police? Got my pot for me. I got busted smoking a bowl by some playing clothes the other day. And listen, I see on that damn square. I'll see you there, buddy. I'll still leave. Okay. Okay. Do we. I tell you he was popular. He didn't win the election in 48. Then he lost a Rosalind 44, but that do we. They even named it through a after. Oh, I'm wrong. I'm wrong. A filing system. Do we decimal? That's right. I forgot all about that. That Thomas he do he. He's digging the Deutsche. I mean a Dutch land. See, I haven't seen a lot of the difference between Dutch land and Dutch land. But nevertheless, I don't want to get to that. It'll be like, I'll talk about the Austrians and about what a bunch of Nazis they used to be. And maybe they still are, I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. The lots and Nazis man. So many Nazis and so little time. Pound 5, 60 on the AT and T in Verizon. Wireless line. Got an Arnie story. Artled. Gropenator. And a little bit. And don't let me forget to read that Tom Zick thing. The shot heard around the guy. What a great column. Little Tommy nice going, baby. Man. Seriously, that should be like all around the country. They should have his that syndicated put it everywhere. They should stick it. Well, it's all around the world now. WCN. WCN. Hello. WCN. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. And I too. Congratulations on your anniversary. Thank you. I was wondering in the light of the great day that we'll be burying the hatchet with the great ones. What does that mean? Oh, no. I, so now he's got his boyfriend calling me. I've been Jones. That's the guy. The other guy. The other guy's what I said is boyfriend. Right. Well, I hope they're happy together. WCN. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thanks. And I keep up the good work and it started to feel like a bad moving. The off feels like a vision of the cross matches, you know. Exactly. But keep up the good work. Don't let him stop you. And I guess he snatches again, man. Watch it. They're crazy. Good luck. See, and he was he was smart. He got up the whole field fast. He knows. He knows their recent all these calls. He knows they're just waiting to find you to slip up. Even if you're far from the wrong flavor, man. That's it. The fart police are going to be next. You'll see. You got the pot police. The fart police. The J. Walken police. The sex police. The dirty word police. Oh, those word police are just working overtime. In fact, we don't have enough troops to take care of all the things that we want to do in the world. And to bring some of those kids back so they can finally get off the firing line. But we sure got more than enough of these good stuff. Running around America just to make sure that you can enjoy life. That's basically what it's all about. You do understand that. All I do. We have people that are having too good of a time with the listening to Howard Stern, smoking a bull. Whatever they're doing, those people are enjoying themselves. We don't like that. We got to stop it now. No, no, that's the mentality here in Washington now. No, no, no, whatever it is. If you're enjoying it, no, we'll cut it out. If it's good, stop. And look at that. Three hours. Well, not really. I mean, we started 10, 15 like usual with the pool. A thousand and 59 votes. Even Ali on. Hey, eat your heart out. Sweet heart. Huh? Yeah. Even a little Ali on. Whether without that happy meal. Never provoke this kind of response, didn't he? No. A th-a-n-n-mo says, you know, most stick to something you know about like gay feeders. But talk about something you understand like Halifah. I'm kishki. I mean, don't be talking about radio because it's something you have no concept of. None. Zero. And if nobody don't believe me, just listen to that show sometimes. I'm a boy and local. You're sports radio 560's you and you A-M. But heads is the one to two hours. I'm not going to ask. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. Poison. I had quite a lot. Police got my gun. Police got my gun. But heads are ready for me. Because it was scraped with badkg. That's a good idea. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas for the smoky, hall of my body. I have to wait. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas While this walking all of my past Holy Skant my birth Holy Skant my birth Holy Skant my birth They come to scared it all I got Holy Skant my birth Holy Skant my birth Holy Skant my birth Holy Skant my birth They born to meet in a parking lot I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas All of my fathers I don't want to be in a 506 Do you want to come there with your wife? Yeah, what else is there? I know. Rebels who have over one half a Haiti sees another town today enclosured in on the tense capital were looting erupted in supporters of embattled President John Baratron Aristide fired guns in a year. They're revolting. A new rebel group sees Haiti's third largest city at least Cays, Cays, and I had no idea how to pronounce that frog stuff. I'm a Southern coast in the three-week-old uprising. As the U.S. and France make clear that Aristide should resign the Rebels' street about 67 prisoners in Mary Ballet. Remember Mary Bell? See? About 25 miles north east of Puerto Prince witnesses said, please ran. They grabbed everything in just a ranny. They turned tail as if the old saying we go. Can't say tail anymore, can we? Oh, they turned ass. Oh, anyway, we got over a thousand votes on the poll already. It's a shocking number because people are contrary to what the mole mice just says because you know it's nothing. I'll us to love a hundred. Thousand 89 votes I got on there right now. What's your reaction to clear channel dumping our earth's darn show under 60's, including big in South Florida? Let me say it again. Don't forget those 17-channel stations. Avoid them like they have the, the bubonic plague, like they have leprosy. Fascism is alive in well in America, 574. I'm angry. I want Stearn on QM Monday, 189. I'm foaming at them out to 136. I don't care. I'm not a Stearnless Dur 87, 7.9%. Don't seem to see the bigger picture. This is the last drum finished with the right wing 74, almost 7% and it's about time get the filth off the year 29 of nearly 1100 votes 2.6%. Not many. But enough to convince Michael Palman. Oh, yeah, they're pissed off. They're discussed that they've had it. They're fed up with his filth. Permersion. WQM, hello. Hi, now how are you? Okay. I was, I was, I was inspired to find out that you're a shock-shock according to your article, you read. I've been listening for years and I haven't been corrupted by it yet. So I think what they mean is that shocking, I'm still on the ear in this market after this many years. What I find incredibly ironic is that these right wing idiots call themselves conservative. Money in fact, the conservative is against the government and all these people getting into our lives. Yeah. If you're conservative, it's very much against all this kind of nonsense. And these people give themselves this label in order to kind of pander to the middle of America and it's just incredible. But they're not pandering in the middle of America. They're pandering to extreme right wing America, which they're going to discover in November is not middle of America. Well, that, I think you're right, but I think they, I think you're, I mean, you're exactly right. There, they are under the impression that this is what's going to get real active. And I don't think the Americans are quite that bad. The right wing friends just spill the French. And I don't think they've been elected anybody, although I've given last last election who knows the year. They didn't elected anybody then either. Well, that's true, but that's true. They were there with a stolen election. We just can't afford to make it so close. That's all that's why you got about 670 times, man. All right, I'll try. Okay, good luck to you. Thanks. Bye. 560, 560, pound 560. Don't forget 3 to 5 tomorrow after George's bigger parents had built silos Boulevard of savings with his sandwiches. 3 to 5, somebody will be at the senior wireless Joshua. And we're forgetting, well, he's moving up in the world now. He's moving out there on a weekend, making a few extra bucks. That's right. Any in Joshua parents, we're both going to be there. Well, how can we didn't say that before? I did. You walked all over me like you did this time, too. Oh. Like I said, don't pay attention to George. Joshua be there and George. 3 to 5 with the singular wireless at 63 11 North Andrews Avenue in Cyprus Creek. I thought you said, where? What? Yes, sir. Step out of the way. I was tickets to the Beatles, classical mystery tour at Meister Park this Sunday and other very, very low budget of salute. QA and prizes that you are embarrassed by and so are we, but that's how we're going to for it. But the queen. And therefore, that's right. It'll be for you. You have a wonderful time and you can bond with Josh and George and George and Josh and Auburn. Run the way. God. And Jay Feele, of course. That's great. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was looking at yesterday at some staff on CNN. They said a million gay people voted for W in 2000. Where the, how do they know that? I don't know. Another stat was 75% against Leslie and spoke. That was a good stat, but the million to million gay people voting for W. Well, probably, yeah, I can believe that the log cabin Republicans, although they're threatening now that, uh, they're thinking to happen again, hopefully they're right. Would you, did you see 43% of the Jews in Florida voted for Joe? I mean, that's a standard. Yeah, I saw that. I was screaming about that. I don't understand it. When do you people are going to wake up and stuff the mouszes are already managed? It's ridiculous. And yesterday, did you see W is a little speech? He said, if it was only on the economic strength of his policies, economically, you should get a second term. What is he talking? Yeah. Well, he, he, he, he, he, he forget about all those unemployed people. I mean, that's a small potato. You know, the 2.2 million jobs that he's lost. Forget about that. What he makes it up at the goes and his reality, that's not a reality based conversation. Well, I got news for it. All the conversations he can make and can change anybody's mind who's been out of work for a long time and is a struggling to stay alive. I goodness, you know, when it's cold up north, and you don't have a job, you know, worried about Gaines and Lefian. They mean, it was the cold winter of people and haters scared to death. Yep, you got it. And Ohio and a lot of other places. Good luck to us, Pally. Bye, bye. I'm going to be voting. I'm going to be voting, uh, absentee ball at first. I'm going to show up and actually vote in person three or four times. I know where some of the polling places are. I'm going to get several pieces of fake ID and vote to numerous times because like I said before, it's a good plan to adopt. You got a bunch of 90-year-old farts and like I've always said 90's old enough. 90-year-old farts who are like, you know, hanging around in the polling place. They ain't a, where do I vote? I always hate to say, I don't know what you name again, uh, like that. So just to get even with the rape of the election system in 2000, this time in 2004, you're going to say, man, every dark person in Florida is going to vote 40, 50 times. I'm not talking that silly about black people. I mean, even if you got a sun tan. Donnie says, if W wants to do something, why don't address divorce instead of marriage, getting married is easy. You should be open to all people. The problem is that the fourth of causes depression, suicide, domestic violence, drug and alcohol abuse, splits families, murder, like O.J., and first and foremost, giving half to some no good bitch who sits on her ass eating bomb bonds. I don't want to say Donnie sounds a little bitter. It says, you are God. Thanks for many years of great entertainment PS. I miss Howard. And a lot of people miss Howard. Let me say it again. Whether I listen to a show or not or whether George listening to a show or whatever, the fact of the matter is, this is fascism, and it's worst. And it's worse than the threatening more. That's the best part. See, in the words, they got along with, they got away with this by threatening cheap channel. So they got to meanked off those six markets of theirs. And they're just going to keep making threats and more threats. Well, you know, satellite will be next and then the cable. And then MTV is a lot too racy. We don't like that. Make it boobies and stuff like that. Well, almost close to naked. And then those reality shows, you know, real, the world and all that other stuff. Right. Oh, we don't want that on there. Too many hot young people. Get everybody all worked up. And next thing, you know, they might be actually doing something. Now, all those videos and DVDs. Yeah, DVDs. And of course, inkiverse, you can't be playing that no more. Too many Hitler's flying around in that video. And of course, that's a, that's a civil message to the public that we got one in the White House. When you see all them little guys up there flying around with a mustache. Uh-oh. Don't want them thinking about that, especially in election year. Just a disgrace, a shame and a shame. And here's Rush on here yesterday from what we heard. What are we? What a joke. Well, you know, when there's the Democrats, good in term of callover, what he'll do to well, my right, you know, the Democrats aren't in Fatsau. Pills popper. They're not in. Your people are in. Your boy is in. Your fascist are in. Feel Clinton didn't appoint Michael Powell to be chairman of the FCC. What did he get in there? So no, look it up. Okay. Michael Powell ain't doing the Democrats bidding right now. Can be damn true that all of the Democrats on the FCC are just equally anxious and obnoxious. They're all the same bunch of lunatics. But he don't get that. No one understand that because obviously his people could never do any wrong. It's only the Clintons that murder people. And so the scumbags that, you know, poppills and drugs and our dangerous and our society, and ought to be in jail for men and a year. Rush. 10 minutes after one at five, 60 WDQM. We got the booster for a mad dog at two mad dogs out of town today and well deserved. Two three days a week that's plenty. I've told him he says you're right, right on. The Humper, the Hebrew hammer, stupid. And for this afternoon, Panther Piguot 7, the now very much hyped catch the Panther game that I think macaroon is 730 is a game time. And rumors been hyping and promoting and going nuts. Roberto Lungo, maybe the greatest athlete whoever played in South Florida. Nobody knows who he is. Any can't do the hockey game and sporting news radio. Or is that sporting news radio? I'm not sure. Well, no, I'm sure. No, no, no. It's sporting news radio because let's face it boys and girls. Nobody with a brain cares about all these things that we discuss on this show. This is a waste of time because it has absolutely nothing to do with TUTS right. Just ask parents or Greg. They'll tell you. It's where it's at. That's the beginning. That's the middle. TUTS and that's the end. TUTS. Behind-end. TUTS. The ass ends. TUTS. Yeah. Parents you an imbosil man. You also didn't come in there this morning, didn't he? I remember. No, he didn't come in. Because I would have just ripped him an ass with that comment the other day. Well, why'd you do this to sports you one time just for fun, huh? Yeah, the joke to the audience. We're doing it. We've been so censored now that all we need to do. Michael Paul, bio, coming at you. No, I don't know. What year was he appointed? Oh, you're going to make me read you. Yeah. Just a number. I mean, yeah. It's not a big assignment. He was nominated by Clinton in 1997. Oh, no, are you kidding me? Like I said, Clinton put him in there. I can't imagine why though. Can you? No. Not the fact he was rolling coal in Sun and I don't know what to do with it. So it's now night by Clinton in 1997. So he's been in there for a while now, or Sun, if we're yet. But nevertheless, he's not doing the Clinton's bidding no more. He's doing the Bushmeister's bidding. That's my point. No matter who stuck his ass in. Remember, we thought his dad was also a dove once upon a time. Yeah. I heard he ate a dove bar in Japan. Poof his guts out. That's what I'm hearing. Probably not. So after one night of my journey, you ever eat the chocolate covered chocolate, dob bars? Chocolate covered chocolate, dob bars? But the chocolate does bar with the thick chocolate coating on the outside. No. I'll be back. Don't do the now. Even non-diabetics will soon and go into a coma morning right now. Oh man. Hey, let me tell you right now, but the best low carb diet joint in the universe in that's delights of West Boca. That's right. Low carb diets are in. Everybody in their brothers, how long those? And if you are too, you know how boring it can be. It's monotonous. Even though it sounds great at first with all the meat and the cheese, the steaks and the seafood and butter and eggs and all these things, it gets pretty limiting after one. But if you watch him for a ride, he's some things with some sweet taste and good taste. The lights of West Boca will absolutely do it for you because they're the number one low carb store in the universe. They've got over a thousand low carb products to choose from, including breads and bagels, cookies, crackers, chips, brownies, chocolate days. Ice cream pasta, sauces, ketchup, cheese cakes and lots more. And to light you find the biggest solution anywhere, they're open every day, seven days a week from 10, 10, and you can try anything to stir before you lay out any cash for it. They've got an eligible staff and knows low carb guiding inside and out and they carry the most complete line of atkins, brands products you're going to find anywhere there on sale all day, every day even on some flostora. So if you're on the low carb diet, here's the story you're going to love shopping at, the lights of West Boca on the northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 right next to Boston Market. They'll help you stay on that straight narrow path. Call them toll free at 1-877-low carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B, or run away at yourfinementlowcarb.com. There's only one deal I saw in my spoke at your official atkins retail center. I saw in was over, they got silent in I-Rack. Well, the jokes on you, you pathetic booze, the one of them came back, woole the boole oh my, he's the person who's four, I love. I tried to tell a reporter, but none of them wanted to hear. These are naples, dude, with the bomb art too, and no one dares he's here. Once 17 at 560s, here's the story. Michael Powell was chairman of the FCC, was sworn as a member of the commission of Ember 3rd 1997. He was nominated by Bill Clinton July 3rd, 1997, was confirmed by the Senate October 20, 1997, but he was designated chairman of the FCC by President Bush on January 22nd, 2001 after. Almost immediately after he was sworn in. A lot of the rest of us were sworn, and the president they was sworn in. See, there's the rub, right, we can't swear anymore, though. You're going to like this story, though. Come on, Arnold Schwarzenegger's campaign. I remember he was going to investigate all those allegations against him back in a recall election. I'm going to look into it after the election. I'm going to conduct my own investigation. And then after the election, after he won in that landslide in California, I don't need to do that because I am a governor. Governor Schwarzenegger's campaign, Aatesh, they believed that a woman's suing him for defamation really was a prost-to-hutin drug addict when they suggested to be portatia to history of felony convictions, court documents in the case show. Because several people had mentioned her drug use and wanted suggested possible participation in prostitution when a prostitute, I believe very strongly that the criminal records were of the same rod to member campaigns spoke some in Sean Wallsett, a deposition filed last week, and lost Amos superior court. Then a position was one of several fathered the motion requesting this missile of the case. Wash was wrong about Miller who is one of more than a dozen women who came forward in the waiting days of California's military will be called election to allegedly have been grouped or otherwise sexually harassed by Schwarzenegger and unrelated incidents spanning three decades. Miller's attorney, Gloria Alredd. On Wednesday called the campaign's argument, pathetic. On Old. Miller told reporters in a news conference a day before California's October 7th recall election that the actor turned candidate had lifted her shirt and photographed her bare breast without her consent, in January 1991 during the filming of Terminator 2. She also said he grubbed her breast during the 1994 filming of Two Lies and Speaking of Two Lies, all this stuff about her while guess what was another Ronda Miller. Campaigns that members responded to her allegations by sending reporters an email suggesting a searcher name in the LA court database which contains records of convictions by another Ronda Miller, different woman same name. They also wish it's statements by Schwarzenegger and Two Lies longtime film collaborators. Denying Miller's claim all three-sage Schwarzenegger was not present when the photograph was taken and mounted on the scene of the makeup trader in that Miller post-Bird problem terribly. Got ya, how do you like that? I like it. So I'm old maybe a little bit of hot water but he'll wiggle his way through because after all he's the Terminator and the good of the grubinator. Gomez with Arnold. And of course we know that there's no partisan politics going on on either side of the Al Missouri Democrats say Viacom refused to sell them billboard space. Oh no. That's kind of like when CBS refused move on.org and those ads on the Super Bowl right? Conspiracy theorist. Now just maybe maybe if CBS would have said hey let's put those move on.org ads on just like even at half time we wouldn't have seen that big flap and the Viacom and CBS and MTV wouldn't be all that hot water right now since they poured off the FCC and Michaels Polls. The Missouri Democratic Party said yesterday that Media Giant Viacom which is CBS and which is infinity and which is the MTV. Back out of a deal of the sell at Billboard Space for a political ad prompting party claims of political favoritism in rejecting the ad. Party chairwoman May she rear awarden said the ad was set to run for a month beginning this week along I-70 and predominantly black sections of St. Louis and Kansas City. But that Viacom killed the project without notice. The Billboard ad features a black man's face against an American flag. It says Missouri Republicans have a plan you are not part of it. The ad encourages readers to visit a Missouri Democratic Party website show me issues.com. Party executive director Jim Kottmire said the Viacom out to a office in St. Louis had accepted the ad and was preparing to run and but he said the ad got the attention of a manager in Chicago who ran at past the Viacom executive in New York who put the hammer down. I'll put the hammer down especially the Hebrew. Yeah. Viacom out to a general manager at Kyle Dorton in St. Louis told caught my an letter Wednesday. The company viewed the ad as negative. Viacom said it reserves the right reject and add that personally attached to an individual is obviously falsely misleading or deceptive relates to an illegal activity or offends local standards of decency and good taste. The ad clears all of those standards but was still rejected said weird and adding the ad is not an attack with his fact stating an informative. The Republican legislature has sliced a budget and education in social read services causing pain to the African American women as he said. The party alleges corporate censorship and said Viacom is sitting a proper public in pattern. Viacom's CBS division refused to air during the Super Bowl those online activists de movon.org TV ads critical of president Bush the old Bushmeister. Viacom spokesman Carl Fultus said the company saw that Democratic Party billboard as an ambush ad that used racially divisive way. He said the ad didn't meet Viacom standards the same reason given for refusing move on out orgs ad. And Wagner chair of the Missouri Republican Party said there's no place in politics for race painting right like Willie Horton you mean race painting things like that. And applauded Viacom's recognizing the ad would be divisive and offensive. He said governor Bob Holden after public and legislatures with holding money from education. The party ad. She says Viacom, wait a CBS and his parent company Viacom don't strategize to screen out certain ads of political ban and my response today would be get bent as well as a get bent. Get lost get bent bitch. 560560. Oh and here comes another great story. I like this one a lot. Do you even idea what the fear the group and viewers are doing? The moral sensors attorney general John Ascroft is demanding records of abortions performed on hundreds of women at six planned parenthood affiliates across the country ABC news has learned. How do you like that? Huh? Oh my god. In a motion for discovery filed Wednesday against planned parenthood Federation of America and subpoena style the same time against planned parenthood affiliates in San Diego Los Angeles New York Washington DC Western Pennsylvania and the Kansas mid Missouri region Ascroft is demanding medical records of abortions performed in the last year, some on fetuses aborted early in the second trimester. Ascroft's actions are a sweeping invasion in medical privacy said Elizabeth Toledo as Rick Weber would say Holy Toledo. Vice President of Communications for Plan Parenthood Federation of America. He has been overzealous and is desired to attack access to legal abortions in this country. Oh, I speak of that. Do you know that a bunch of these right wing Christians when we were doing all the marriages really heavy duty there in Frisco? Nice week? I think it was on Friday. That a bunch of these born again lunatics got together. They were blocking the door. They just liked the way they blocked the door to entrance to abortions clinics. They were blocking the door to the courthouse so all those gate couples that had come there from like everywhere. Yannamis felt and the next to it. It's clear that they didn't get in love with you. It kind of reminded me of reverse of those crashes. They sent to Miami back in the fixed election in 2000 who were all banging on the door of the courthouse going. But I was in. Prado-Sin. Remember those people? Oh, whom were covered back is by the way none of those people were from South Florida. But I was in. And this all happened in broad daylight under the watch of the beautiful media. Okay. Let me say it again if you want to find somebody to be really pissed off at BP. The media is sick and they pop badminton. At the damn media because they're the ones who are just letting us all fly right on by. All of this lies right on by what we hear lots about Martha's story and Scott and Lizzie Peterson and this trial and that trial and this trial and Mr. whatever. Pile a crack. Don't bother them with the important things because they can't be bothered with it. It's too controversial. I'm going to put somebody off. That's why they were like given Mel Gibson at 80 billion dollars with the free publicity because after all they shoot them on a piss off the Catholic church. It's bad for Bennett. We know what they're capable of. Yeah, we sure do. Am I making an offer? I can't refuse. I think it was just a coincidence of course that that's as I'm seeing in the crowd father. Don't you? Yeah. I think it was just one of those things. Yeah. Do you renounce Satan? I do. Let's see how many votes we got. We might have a shot here at what? 1300. Like that. If Rimmer wouldn't have screwed up our momentum we had phenomenal momentum and of course I did ask him to call that in a spectacular a ten minute to preach on hockey there. Oh, why didn't you expect that? Because I thought he had the decent seat just like Jeff Cohen called and we had a minute conversation. Because I'm an idiot. I never learned my lesson. Okay. Pappa. Pappa. He bought dinner for Bobby or and now he's going to try to tell me about all those meals at Ruth Crest, right? Sure. We just might imagine it should have bad memory. You know, oh, don't say that. 1160 votes. What's your reaction to clear channel dumping the Howard Stern Show in their six markets, including Miami? Britishism is alive in World America, 610, 52.5%. I'm angry I want Stern on QAM on Monday, Pronto, Tonto, 204. I'm filming at the Moth 143. They're rabbit. They got rabbis. I don't care. I'm not a Stern listener, 94.1%. Okay. This is the last drum finished with the right wing, 77.6%. And it's about time get the filth off the year. Now they're making a little bit of progress. 32.7% want to evil doers off the radio. The perverts, the perravers of smut. Get off. It's about time. 2.7% out there that'll win the election this time to you. Not a good one. That's too much for you. And look, this is 4.056. You're way too way. You do not belong in here you damn crack in. Go smoke your crack, please. Okay. This is the last drum finished with the right wing. It's about time. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're Way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. You're way too far. Well, it's not how the audience is on this screen. W uneven, it'sENSAtz. webcam never touched you. telling you. W Wire. W On. W B W. W! W. W W! W ligne. W케이. Wound. They were popping out of there like... ...the real. Yes, without a C-section? Aquino-Hio. An Ohio woman gave birth to sex puppets yesterday, doctors said all six babies in the mother were doing well. Jennifer Hanselman, 29 of Kyogra Falls, gave birth to three girls and three boys within one minute and Aquino-Hio medical center. The speed at which the babies came out was overwhelming, was like a popcorn popper, the baby's gritting father, Keith Hanselman, told reporters, she was popping them out. All six. The babies' liver biases are in section C, if you just calm down and listen. We're listed in critical condition, which is stated for premature births. They ranged in weight from one pound nine ounces, the two pound ten ounces, which is average from multiple births at 20-1.5 weeks to doctor and and can't pack, director of neonatology at Aquino-Hio hospital. The babies were transferred to the neonatal intensive care at the Children's Hospital where their expected stay for nine weeks. All will be on respirators because of the imiturity of their lungs context. We're very optimistic about their survival, but any major handicap CBCAN, six of them. Pop that like you said, like, popcorn out of a popper. Do you like that? I popper. 567, 056, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. We haven't done out of line nine, I don't think all day. That's because there's no real unit. WQM, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good? Good. Ken, one's talking to me. Speaking. Neil, hi. Haven't talked to you a long time, but try to get touch with you. What, here you go? Well, good deal. Hey, um, yeah, I called most of this morning at Campo Wee, he doesn't see the bigger picture in this. It's kind of a line to you. It's kind of a line to you. It's kind of a line to you. It's kind of a line to you. It sounds to me like a weapon Jones. Yeah. 567, 056, pound 560 on the AT&T. I got news for it. They even sound like they once walked past River Jones in the elevator, and pomp and o park. That's enough for me. Bye, bye. That was him. WQM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy 28. Well, thank you so much. The guy that called earlier, I don't know who he is. He's not my partner. Oh, that's him. So you want to pause him? I got right before this one. Oh, he'll have to call this one. I'll have to call this one. Huh? One call per station per day. Yeah, one per day, okay, you schmuck you. Manny, act you learn and take an ad. It includes the two. You can alternate. Otherwise, we're going to come and just scrape your ass until it's like, like a piece of meat. George, a handle that with gloves. Get out of your steel wool on the SOS pads. KWQM, hello. QAM. Neil, guys. Yes, sir, speaking. How are you, sir? I can't take it anymore. Yeah. I want to put the road in. We want Howard starting there on Monday morning. Climate matter. How? All right, look, let's take the road. I can't believe these people. They won't quit. The difference between the liberals and the right winners. The right winners. They, that doesn't better, especially attack our base. The liberals, we burn their offices. Don't want to be bothered. Amen. I see it's a bullet deal. Good luck to Pally. We'll have a search part there to find what's left to you by the time you get there. Steve, through there in the Darken Eye. I get some sort of like an underground railroad building to get you. That's a good idea. Or maybe they can come over on a new, that new boat that they got from a Rochester to Toronto and come in through a Rochester convertible view. No, no, seriously. They started a crew. What were they call those? A ferry. I should know that. Excuse me. Excuse me, stupidity. A ferry. George wants to apologize to the guy three calls ago. The guy that I said was, he did what? He said he called Howard this morning. Oh, that's there. One call is enough. I didn't get you drift. I was thinking, you were talking about the real one. No. One call from my real one. Okay, what are your phony baloney. I even I'm getting real tidy. Okay, we're from Jones and your boyfriend and your silly ass crap. No, it's really amazing. This is a hobby. Sure. This show has become a hobby. You got the little Julio circles you're crowd. You got them. And then we got the reference Jones and his buddies. Right. With nothing else to do for the nothing. And we got Chambam, which even even on my 28th anniversary, didn't have the, didn't have the decency say happy anniversary. Chambam, you know, that would have been cute. That would have been funny. But they're really amusing. Right? Anything. But no, no material. That's the beginning and end. That's the essence of his material. Chambam? Great. Anyway. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. It's hockey talk today. How about it? You're eye-colnic. My what? WQM hello. Sounds like a body part. Yes, sir. How are you Neil? Pretty good. Can I express concern about something if you don't mind? Go right ahead. I'm very distressed about the way this country's been taken over by the, the right way. I would, I would have not had a tour of saying how bad it is. You're not paying attention to the LA times. Because they're so liberal, liberal mind you the run by, by, organizations that are very type to the Jews. This is very distracting to me. I'm the Jews. But they think that the York Times is controlled by, by the, by the Jews. It's so ridiculous. Yeah. And I'm telling you, I mean, this guy's actually a sanity. The guy's like, Scarborough. I mean, this, this, this, this five me. Yeah? What do you think about that? I think it's a great amount of money. What do they speak and what do they want to learn? Why do I do what? I should, I should just try to about the way, what to try and the do the media. Well, but it's a way keep screaming about it. Sir, what would you like me to do? Have a stroke here on the air? Would that make you happy? What would you like me to do? Well, I like to think of the voice of reason. Well, I'm doing the best I can to your on the air on our website. And we don't need any instructions from a screaming wild ass. The lunatic like you, okay? Good. God. I'm a woman that used to call me a woman and used to go, I better to the might be one or two of our old time listeners. Remember, oh, it's so terrible. Screamer. Shall mine in. Oh, what are we going to do about those right wingas? The right wingas. Oh, man. I remember him like it was only yesterday in this guy. He must be his, uh, illegitimate twin. The right wingas. What are we going to do? I mean, and it's just a radio show. I'm doing a best I can. I'm trying to motivate people. People are pissed off. We're talking about what people want to talk about. What's really important to them. And then that's it. People are forming a tomat about fascism and censorship. And no more freedom of speech, no more. We're taking a poll on a Howard Seren thing. What more would you like me to do, sir? Would you like me to croak right here on a ear? So then if you happy and convince you then I'm sufficiently Ben out of shape to please you. Don't put them down a little bit. I can't you now hear the voice of reason. I think he was speaking in tongues. Do something with tongue. Maybe he was having it for lunch. I don't know. I'm right. I'm right. Why how can people eat that? Oh, tongue. See, I don't know. Two things that I'm braver. I'm braver. Be able to understand. And of course back in the day before this week, I probably could make some kind of connection between the two things that I want. But no more. It wouldn't be a good idea. But tongue and head cheese. Hey. I'll tell you when you go into the supermarket to the Delhi and you see those two things in the case. And you look at that and I asked myself, how could anybody possibly dream of consuming that? To understand? And come to find out the head cheese has that nerve tissue in it. Oh, the good stuff. They can get like all those man cow and holy cow and um... You're a good. Maybe even a little bit of SARS in there too, just for good measure. Twenty-tilt to a five-sixty QM, where we're just not doing a best week came. I'm going to butcher up your lunch. I want to. I'm blind. I'm blind. This is five-sixty. Reuse all yours. QM! My amy. Good night on Fox News. It's Kennedy and what's his name? Star-ing Sean Hannity and some funny-looking goofball with Phil O'Pad hair. Well, Sean, I really think it's a pretty unbreakable. Sorry. We're got your name again. Whether you're on the right, like Sean Hannity or on the left, like that other geek. Watch, Kennedy and what's his name? With calls from viewers like you. Yes, Paul, you're on the air. You have a question for me? No, Sean, my question is for who's his face? Come again? What's McCall and what's his name? It's the best thing on cable news. Don't believe it. Just listen to what Kennedy and what's his name? What's his name? What's his name? Hi. I'm Sean Hannity and biting you to tune in every week night. For what's the degree with you there, Sean? Hi. My name is, hey. Oh. Um, I'll be on here part your, uh. Would that get my now? I don't know, buddy. And apparently neither does anyone else on earth. For insight, you can ignore. From names you can't forget except for the one you can't remember. See, how many end what's his name? Only on Fox News. Both your command are with you. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. We like to watch. 144 at 5. We might find a play that we don't have too much chance to play that. Right. Or too much time to hear it. Right. Exactly. We've got such a heavy duty a full play. Mitch has got a facts. Here he says. The Howard Stern Show has got very high ratings in every marker words broadcast. To me, that's clear indication that the show is not considered offensive by a large portion of the population. If anything, it is something that people like and enjoyed listen to. Right. The FCC doesn't care about the name, more Mitch. More likely, instead, it should reflect the beliefs and feelings of the people. The situation seems that the government is using the morality of a few phonetics to place restrictions on the listing and reviewing rights of the rest of us. Absolutely correct. People have the ability to decide for themselves if they find something offensive. There are plenty of other channels that they can tune into. Unfortunately, many of us have lost that ability since the show is being won't listen to or being taken away. Take away the other clear channel stations that I'm boycotting and the only thing left is more Howard David. That's a loot early in the morning. Guess I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. You'll be listening to me. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. I'll be listening to you. Oh, okay, great. Wish we had some here. The celebrate. It's like you and I can be pretty good. Just like guilty for the best of the show. I'm going to do those hockey games. Oh, look at that. It was a tough shot man. He stopped there. Oh. Come on, Judy. Who you kidding man. squeaky one. Just a little but kiss and goofball. WQM. Hello. Can't stop that. Exactly. Happy anniversary. Thank you. on after all these years we do appreciate getting a good laugh out of the day and you do provide that I you listen any a chance of updating the website at any point I love that I miss been on a dime a plan for friends my night at town but it's not on your website any idea well if you had a case every quarter you could I'll play it on the ice break I was at uh... can't do a palio appreciate it I love listening to it I'll play it again and even home to him and then on the money that it is at the end recording of that uh... yes matter affected is that on the money and you know who yeah you're right whoever does his voice which is your just never mentioned this which he should who ever does that voice if it doesn't sound like his twin brother man maybe maybe it's a friend branch and you have the other body expressed is a shamelessly hawks is other chausties exactly have a great holiday when you back on the eight uh... yes sir have a wonderful holiday thanks a lot we are put that out of the website you'll be back not so much to them concerned the George might lose uh... you know if you're willing to be honest oh but but we ought to put it up on the website and the return is one day uh... uh... march eight march already uh... march in the open there's April and May and June and of course it's your line of all this one we have those two weeks the jack uh... people are always talking about two days we have two weeks which is where like it jacked jack anybody out there wants to study jack ha ha ha ha they're here and studying one of those in person lately uh... we are supposed to be a five c four you a m mornings will never be the same on five sixty w q a m starting this Monday it's the big a huna roe b young from six to ten a m Monday through Friday only on five sixty w q a m i miss this boring what's better than a live radio show every morning on TV well just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as in bc from teeming up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like an s the old readless a party i'm a cell i didn't turn this coffee so i'm a yes every morning see i miss listening to a tape of other people's counting bits live on the air i didn't have it a bite into this muffin also a best first one play see his wild behind the scenes at it and i'm a new albor as cook hook at you and i get me some fresh coffee or fire i'm a he's irreverent so i want to deal with a poll and the topical so i want to deal with his water game he's in coherent i'll tell you what that uh... there's a double of a little but what that is not a rake he's i've been he's going and he's only on ms and bc a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of a m radio stations go but he listens to and there's somebody it's i'm a he is brutal man dead man in a chair one fifty five five sixty wqm next to albasa think he's probably the dead guy making most money honor to when surprised me keys us wqm hello i think we just discovered up until this day we didn't know that's the same guy that's somebody's in guy sure this is at least got variety going wqm hello why do they wait till the very end all of thankfully why do they wait till the very end when they were i guess they went on a material about three four minutes ago wqm have a anniversary line hello java uh-huh uh-huh still be the way hello mr. Rogers yes sir just called a withu uh very happy anniversary thank you i found you about the six years ago on a radio by accident i've uh been hooked ever since and i just want you to remember one thing bush no more in all four i ride excellent job pal thanks bush no more in all four no more mo mo i mean no more bush agency tells airline to wave passengers this is disturbing so we don't have enough things to have to go through now before we get on a plane this is really great air travel would be safer if airlines wait their passengers all from time to time to make sure they know how much weight their planes are carrying says the ntsv following its investigation way commuter plane crash in earth your line will ask you the ntsv said yesterday airlines should at least periodically make passion your stuff on a scale you know what you did all man thank god i got a good memory i don't think i have time to do it though if you hurry to read the jiffy column again the shot heard around the dial tv did the crime and radio is doing the time more precisely radio listeners are doing the time just in ticker bell didn't care jented checks and pressed on radio however radio is where the ramifications of the FCC's grandstanding crackdown are most being the clearest and most outrageous manifestations clear channels decision to pull the Howard Stern from six of its radio stations including big jackson places of breast on tv and stern who's been already from one to the quarter century suddenly becomes persona non-grada a university class in logic it's better semester trying to analyze that every clear channel executive member the FCC ought to be chained to a chair for a screening of lany so the least had a clue how narrow minded and stupid they're going to look in retrospect they certainly don't have a clue now clear channels cow to link and be traced to much more significant issue media consolidation the san Antonio base conglomerate owns more than 1200 stations nationwide a death rattle for localism which is supposed to be the heart of broadcasting one executive in Texas has departed dictate what will be heard in florida california can tuck in Pennsylvania this is what happened with stern david Ross regional vice president clear channel station said in a phone conversation went to the afternoon sirdwood continued to be heard on big the with several safeguards against indesum material going over the year a few hours later the evening came down from Texas that stern had to go in four laudadale or land or ratches your sandy ago pidsburg and loobail Ross knows the sensibilities of this market for more than two decades running successful local stations however the only authority had was to carry out the Texans command who allowed this unacceptable nomination over the public airways none of the the FCC more than a few legislators back to the committee of break up of clear channel however its friends the commission have turned to death ear which explains why clear channel is so ready to defer the FCC's morality posturing this also might explain why the lineup of issuing the tour of ishory and a taco syndicated by clear channel is top heavy with champions of the bush administration commission chairman Michael Powell owes his job to the president not that poll needs much encouragement to give away the farm his commission also voted to raise the penetration cap the percentage of national audience reached by never-con TV stations from 35 to 45 percent i'm moved to a hundred percent if that's ever allowed localism will be dead in TV as well one executive in New York or Los Angeles will be able to decide what will be seen in more than 200 markets nationwide i don't have time to be the whole thing david it it says it would be a misnomer to describe the superbowl flashes a catalyst for a crackdown and reality it's the excuse self-appointed moral guardians are forever waiting for any opportunity to attempt to enforce their personal rigid codes and everybody else the actions of just in a thinkerbell and janice which were in excuseable were like man i from heaven for the moral mafia no one is ever been involuntarily subjected more than a few seconds at most of stern the arrages are any other person outing out the crossers of the FCC given the notoriety of these shock shots have achieved anyone who claims to be defended by tuning in unaware the nature of their programs should look beyond the commandment dealing with sex and focus on those dealing with false witness more over the FCC's actions here constant today single issue abandonment of the bedrock republican principle of letting the marketplace decide but pacicated TV network to care those turned off by the constant access of the rest of TV the ratings are so low a skywriting plane would be seen by more people the decision to of the market the decision the market place in this instance clearly doesn't matter to piles as the cc and the lawmakers enabling its witch on but they should be aware of another market place decision in November which they will be unable to ignore bye bye bye the way it works to be in Augusta buster