My heavy Ford's mother-jee. Here we got our new TV here, baby. Oh! There's George Tenidou said... This is your company. Uh... That's doggy. Hello! Hello! Hello! Tabimotova residence. Oh, who is this to me? No, this is the wife, Talia. Pracha! I like to speak with Tommy Mitoya. Hello! Tabimotova residence! Pracha! What are you saying? Girl! No, no, Talia! Talia! Talia! Let me talk to the devil. Please, hold on! Tommy! Tommy! Yeah! Tommy! What is it? You got the phone! Oh! Oh! Hello! Tommy Mitoya! Speaking, this is Michael Jackson. You lost your job! You lost your job! Oh, no! Hey, I didn't lose my job! I stepped down! Or sure, however you want to play the picture. Whatever you want to tell yourself in order to say some sort of face you'll do it, but you will lost your job! You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice. What? Kind of nice to hear anybody's voice. If you're talking about... Yeah! Can you hear that? That's my Mexican wife! Let me tell you! It was cute for maybe five-pin minutes a day. But if I got to stay home on her every day, I'm going to go crazy. You're getting your justice, search, Tommy Mitoya, that devil. Oh, we do! Is it Mexican food? Chimichangas, burritos, toastitos! I got more gas than Exxon! And you deserve to have the bloat! Oh, listen, Michael. I'll reserve for somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can destroy the career of other budding artists. Oh, we going to Chevy? Yes, Tommy, we're going to Chevy. Thank you very much, Clara. Oh, geez. If it's not Chevy, it's it's chea cheese. If it's not chea cheese, it's what's that driving place? I don't know what you're talking about. I called to be right you. And all I'm getting is dribbled and chimichangas. Mmm! And minute, I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right, I know, because I'm very, very, very devilish. Mmm! I want to live in a mess! I want to live in a mess! You're living in America! Alright, hey, look, Mikey, I got to go, okay? I got to take over the Taco Bell. Chevy! Okay, Chevy, you want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you. Mmm! Alright, alright, alright, alright, I got to go there, Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to find right now, after neighborhood, would go up. Mmm! Oh, God! Don't do it! Don't fart, Tommy! It looks like life's as baby. 10, all 3 at 5, 60, WC, and there is no point there. We got a Taliya story today, and a Michael Jackson story. Oh, it's not to life. But look at those eventually. Here's the most important story of the day. And say, let her to the editor in a herald. Or should I give the death count first? I ain't. 83 US troops killed an Iraqi in April. Nobody cares. For American forces in Iraq, these are the deadliest days of the war. At least 83 US troops have been killed in action so far this month. But the most recent death announced yesterday. Also this month more than 560 been wounded and two soldiers declared missing. At least four American civilians were killed. One contractor was captured by gunmen, six others missing in fear of abducted. And our president, he last night says, ah, oh, we're fine. Alright, that's basically what he said. I didn't watch it. I saw about two minutes. I was enough. I can't take it. I guess, then, can I watch it? He just makes me gag. The number wounded so far in April exceeds the total for any other full month of the war by more than 220. Should every death sentence again? The number wounded so far in April exceeds the total for any other full month of the war. It's only the 15th by 220. But El Presidente says, oh, we're fine. It was worth it. It was worth it. It was worth it. We're going to have good months and bad months. I like that idea. What I had politics, religion, money, and golf. And professional victims like our mothers, both our mothers. Professional victims. Oh, my God. I thought she would never leave. Oh, it's got the crap. I know. She just, she drives me up the wall. Oh, I speak to my mother and your mother. Here's the letter. Judith Cohen, an adventurer, writes to the Miami Herald this morning. You'll love this. Listen, the heading is wrong word choice. Ah. Ray Leslie, a bravinel's April 9 column. New Yorkers have planned to bully you over. I was extremely disappointed. The choice of words to describe the people who may frequent the Ivy restaurant in Avintura. Oh, the term Yenta is derogatory and bigoted. The Yenta is who subscribed to the Herald frequent the restaurants and support upscale merchants, other ones, who make Miami a desirable place to visit. Why choose to offend asks Judith. Let me answer your question, Judith. Yenta. See, Yenta's not just an offensive word. It also was accurate. And not only that, but first of all, how many Yenta's are there really in Miami? Aventura ate Miami honey. But if you talk about South Florida, the Yenta's are one of the reasons that this place is so disgusting and despicable and obnoxious. Just like the Yenta's who were gathered at Pompeto Park last Saturday in the Alob either, screaming and hollering for their free programs. That's a Yenta. Okay. That's a quench. Oh, no, that's my mother. A professional victim. But at any rate. Is this perfect? Oh, me. Why choose to offend? In other words, the truth hurts Judith and Aventura. Okay, you can't handle it. It's obnoxious. It's disgusting. The behavior is subhuman. I wish I had her problem. Don't be a Yenta. Okay. Oh, I could be having like a coin in the barbarian times this year on. Okay. Here's the poor result from yesterday. I'll be for that. Patsy Kenset. I have no idea who she is. But she's behind to be the curtain. If you're over the age of 65, if you're not a Yenta, if you got 55 pieces of ID, if you got 45 grand parents who will vouch for you and you never freight train all of these things, then you can take a little quick peek. Keep your hands above the counter at all times because John asks cross eyes are following you. Oh, he said Clinton did it. He did. And then when they didn't believe that, he said the dog did it. But he's dead so we can't testify. He flew the planet. But he, uh, buddy done it. Maybe that's why the Lord's smoke. And he's smitten by the Lord. Don't forget he is risen, by the way. The Lord is risen. And just like a bad spun cake, he just fell right in again. Yeah, he keeps falling down. Somebody must have slammed the other. He's kind of like fat boy tries to rise in more. He just keeps falling down until he gets that nice cane. He's got. What a, what a tub. Patty Kensett. I mean, I'm fat. But I just, what did I call her Patty? Patty. So Patty, Patty. I was thinking of fat boy. Why would I want to say Patty? Patty Kensett is our lovely, whatever she is naked. Naked. Oh, no, let's not ask cross-five out about it. You have to be over the age of 75 to see it. So don't worry about it, John. She was born March 4, 1968, Hounslow London, England, and the UK, which makes her 30-6. If my math is correct, it is. Here's some of the films she was in, who's you daddy? Shelter Island, celebrity naked ambition. That was a TV made for TV. Darkness falling. One and only. Bad karma. Let's perfect for this town. Bad karma. Don't be a yenta. Loves music loves to dance. That was a made for TV movie. Things behind the sun. Aladdin, best worst. The pavilion. Janis Beard, 45 words per minute. Eh, I don't know what that is. It sounds a little strange to me. Made for TV, a human bomb. Oh, she's been in like, oh, brothers. Isn't it? Leitha weapon too. Their skipper. Chicago, Joe and a show girl. Does this mean we're married, Blue tornado. Blame it on a bellboy full of clips. Boy, the video collection. Better harvest. Fall from grace. Turn of the screw. A turn of the **** can't say that. No mole. Am I right? Absolutely. I'm listening. I'm responding with my close personal buddy this morning. The a moment. If I count my card's right, I can miss him next two mornings as well. Because the last thing I want to see early in the morning is him. Absolutely. God, what a thought. So do you think glue or tape? I'm thinking, no, he's not a snappy guy. So we don't have the snaps on the forehead like those other people do on rail. Now, they have a snap on piece. I'm thinking like Elmer's. Elmer's glue. They're thinking spirit gun. Spirit gun would be interesting. Maybe we can get somebody to spirit him away. I know Greg would be happy to see that. The Holy Spirit. Right. The Holy Spirit is the risen by the way. Ninety never had 71 votes on a poliest today. Which of these people are things? This is we're going to do this every day the same question with different categories. Which of these people are things you care about least? Almost 2,000 votes. 2,000 votes. 2,000 votes. 2,000 votes. 2,000 votes. How come I can still say that? It's not a word. What is a lot of things that aren't a word? I mean, it hearts not a word, it's hard sound. But anyway, the Pope wins 387. Silly old, cheeky man, who's like only a breath away from death. The Pope 387. Rush Limbaugh 334 who's only a breath away from another oxy. Kate Moss 320 is only a very thin breath away from a fell falling into the floor. Mirah, the mommy he 265, I'm delighted to see that because the NBS pure crap. It's not as much crap as golf. Because the right actually, some of the flutters has been involved not too much. Because you got 12 foot guys. Jan was slam a jam in an attend foot high basket, not too tough, you know. Game marriage to 16. Al Franken 1802 is just awful. Ralph Nader 148. He's the anti-Christ. Mindy Dolphins 94, because nobody down here unless you're a fan of the Patriots like some of us who have got better taste. Nobody don't love the fins. Mindy Dolphins 94 and the Warner Act 25. That's almost enough to, we needed 40 to counterbalance to a swap for the hostages. So we'll start with the first 25. Just line up at about 230 outside Melissa to have the bus waiting for you. But whatever you do when you get there to bag dead, don't be a yenta. I don't think it would probably be good. I do to be a yenta and bag dead right now. And in fact, I would change the head gear is what I would do. Sure. The more I see these stories, you see the story about the little girl that was of been picked on. Yeah. That was in Boyton Beach, I believe, that's some school up there. And she had the, what do they call that? Not the Berkha, but they have the, what are they called or head gear? Smata. Well, yeah. It has a real name. I don't know what it is. I know. And I'm thinking of myself, the whole world is, I keep making a joke about that. But we do that's what it boils down to. It's a battle of head gear. I head gear's better than your head gear. Yeah. And that's what it is. I got the yarmic and I got the Pope with a bini. I got the the Berkha, the Jerka, whatever whatever I got. Right. It's a battle of who's got that gear. And of course, we got the women behind the whole thing. You were certainly don't want to see those women. I believe you don't. Yeah. No, trust me. The ones I'm doing. You don't want to see him either. I don't want to see their feet anymore. No, change. You want to see nothing. In fact, I'm not sure they got what you are interested in seeing. 5, 6, 7. Okay. Here's the pull for today. What's it these people are things you care about least least. NASCAR. Thanks to our friend in South Carolina who facts and that's exist in yesterday and we got today. Which of the in fact, you might see you make suggestions for tomorrow. On the fact machine, not on the phone. We want important calls today about head gear and golf. Which of these people are things you care about least NASCAR, horse racing, CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, Israel, Donald Trump, Sports Talk, or Arnold Palmer. By the way, happy she was. 12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WMD, by the way, speaking of a human sacrifice, Todd REC sounds like a way to go idea. In fact, it all dance. I will come in and dance when there's a big flag outside it's as he is falling. That's an Indian, I'll tell you. We're so happy. We're so happy. I'm so happy. Yeah. Wanna try? Yes. I'll dance, I will come in and dance when there's a big flag outside that says he is falling. That's an inhuman sacrifice. Oh brother. You can't complain about the job the Todd's doing for his clients because quite frankly he ain't doing any. I mean not a bad job. He just ain't doing any job. Talk about a slacker. If you look up the term slacker any, whipsed his unabridged, uh, my mom boy, whatever her name is dictionary. There she is, Todd Drek. In full regalia. Are you in a really bad dead end job? Are you underpaid and overworked like so many of the underlings here at QAM will get treated like crap? Do you like to get out of that rut? You like to have little suffering, spec and some cash of course. What you just don't have the cash or the four years of time to waste and college if this sounds like your situation at the moment, if you're in a bad, bad rut. And you'd like to hop out. Hop to the phone to call fast train today, toll free at 1-866 fast train because they could have you train and certified for a high paying computer network professional career. At the best part of the deal is I can do it by the end of the summer just four short months. You can be fully trained already for that new career in no time at all fast train offers day, evening weekend classes to fit around your schedule, the offer job placement assistance financially to people who qualify them with seven convenient locations to serve you. There's about to be one fairly close by you. So don't wait, pick up that phone right now and call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train or check them on at WickedWorldwide Web at fasttrained.com. And just four short months you can be on your way to have a big fat one and a good paycheck two. Don't delay call them today. Like I said check that website fast train.com and make the call that can change your life. 1-866 fast train. Don't forget to mention Todd Dreck told me to call. We're supposed to be in 5-6. You a-yeah. Nobody should talk to me at that way. How are you talking to me that way? I mean, how can you talk to me that way? I work here. I didn't come in here to be as creative. Not a much, please. That's what I, I, I, I, I can't let a work today. That's why I come in. I'll let you know. That's why I came in here. I thought lunch. I don't want to go to the line. Go to lunch, George. Where does he get off talk that way to a working man? Well, you take it outside. We have people trying to do business. That's what I came in here for. That's what I'm trying to do. I mean, I mean, I mean, to stop with that excuse me. I mean, to stop with that. I mean, to stop with that. That's not right. Cough. That's not as long as I do. You get out of here. Will you get out of here? Will you? I'm trying to run an office here. Now will you go to lunch? Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? When you really rather have a pizza, a pizza, a pizza, a 15-on-fuel. Now for 15-on-fuel. A pie with all the sauce of bars. I was really with rather have a Cuban dewy with all new Cuban engineering that converts a boat of a car into a boat, a ride on Sherlock Joriously in a real juvenile. With tailwinds high enough to sell your throths the lanes and into the sea. Has it inflows? When you really rather have a Cuban dewy. A Cuban dewy with a pizza, a 15-on-fuel. I'm trying to run an office here. A car that always was a thought. It's 10-17 at 5-16. I ordered from Bokeh. WQAM. Anyway, here's the face I can't figure it out. Marcello and Pemberg Pines, who are kisses my ass, which is fine. I really love an enjoyer. I never communicate with radio programs, but yours is the exception because it's the only sign left in our airway, but there's still hope for us in this crazy town and country. I have to say historical, puritanical junction. You see that sign when I was coming in off the turnpike. Right. Puritanical junction. Yeah. If I may respectfully suggest an idea for a poll, which I'm always wide open for polls. One of the things that I can't make this out, it's got to get some ink, man. Get some ink, man. Get some ink, Marcello. That the struck me is unbelievable when I moved to my amuse. The fact that I'm almost anybody can get their own street name. Any other city to world streets in and after national heroes, world renowned artists, philosophers, other intervals, like a president for example, and howly would they do have all those presidents name. Here in Miami, however, we have Jose Conceco Street, Emerson Fiddepaldi Street, Jorge Mosconosiblevard, Jorge Lestconosiblevard, Christina Serailegui. I don't know who that is. See, a pattern? The criteria here is different. Right. As long as it's a spick-lass name, then it's okay. Has to be a Cuban. Alex, but Picania. Alex Lungle Reagan. Alan Rangel Reagan, turnpike. It'll be a bitter and white thing. That's a state thing. No, no, no, no. There's a Ronald Reagan Avenue. Alex Pincous, I mean. You know this has to say in George yesterday, we really hit the jackpot. He didn't realize how big he hit the jackpot. Golf, we can't say, uh, a fool anymore. So I said, I'm about golf hole. And of course, there are 18 golf holes under the course. It's a sports. And I said, we can't say, Bags, come up, golf bag. Right. I can't play golf without a golf bag. So we got two new things. If we said a president say, golf bag or golf hole, I think we're actually going to both counts. No, I did not watch that stuff last night. I do want to repeat something else you said. It's morning, you're on a roll. And that is that this is just these 9, 11 hearings. They're a dog and pony show. That's all this crap is for the victims. For the victims, and of course, for the talking, they had never worked. Oh, yeah, they got to have something to put on there. Because quite frankly, if you listen to the interrogators, the question is, it's almost all political. And they make these long like Bob Kerry. I don't know why he just doesn't stand up and start, you know, pumping his fist in here. All they do is just making speeches. The question last about 10 seconds preceded by a three minute speech. Right. To show us how much they know and to give the country their opinions and their take. What's your take set of the Kerry? Or somebody should have told him that was Dr. Rice and Dr. Clark last week. That would have been nice. Well, Dr. Clark, he must, I'm only times did he say that. Bob, good. And he finally got, I was even rooting for her once. He said, I don't think I look like Richard Clark. And I was saying to myself, no, he's probably pretty pleased about it too, because oh, brother, is she ever me as? Anyway, thanks Marcelo. I don't know what to pull it. It says, I'm sure that many more are names. And brothers of the people as much as you know, maybe what does the, what's street name bothers, I think it's a bad idea. Thanks anyway, Marcelo, but it's a bad idea. Right? I don't understand the question. I don't really care about the names. I don't know, I don't either, but I think what he's trying to say is like, which name or who does the re-sweet night after them or so. Yeah. I don't get it. Like Apple's way. Who was he? Computer guy. Oh. Anyway, what do we got so far out here? Which of these people are things? Well, I just said that because you hate Bill Gates so bad. I don't know what it is, but I've been buying all this computer stuff. Yeah, we're not going to be happy because it's making Bill Gates money. I don't like why. About a new world. Well, they're a choice. I can't even get that nice Sony. Well, that Sony isn't him. Sony a flat screen monitor. 19 inch. He gets a cut every day. I don't got a great new brother, a fax, a scanner, copy, or just like the one I haven't teoned. Oh, no less. Because I, you know, actually, all by myself, nobody ever taught me any of this stuff. Not that I'm such a genius. And I didn't need to call a friend last night for a couple of little pointers to finish up, but installation with a printer just make sure I hit everything right. But I'm like, learn in myself, and this. I, that may be the best way to learn the computer stuff. Right. Well, it's easier now that it used to be. Right. Even more on like I can do it. Right. Well, not all more on. I'm listening. Okay, just calm down. A good close. My main man. My main man. My new main man. I see, is he pathetic or what? I don't realize how pathetic he is as much when I'm by long distance, you know? Right. But even though I haven't really bonded with him in these three days, I've been back. I just just being in the same building. Maybe I can smell that piece that you listen on the way in. When you're coming in. Oh, sure. This morning, he said he was promoting using my Joe Rose show next. And then the man who has been the, the biggest ball bust there for the last 30 years in town, he'll Rogers must have been watching you. The biggest ball buster. I thought that was kind of a nice. I think he's still trying his own desperate way. He's reaching out. Well, he knows that ain't going to happen with Joe Rose, you know? Howard from Boca? No, it just ain't going to happen. In fact, Joe was ripping him and asking in today. Bad. That's going Joe. Always like Joe Rose. And mad dog. I mean, even though it's he, man that you won't say it because he can't because they have to work together on those games. And the dolphin broadcast. That's the centerpiece of man to his professional life. You know, he talking about his construction business. I'm not talking about financially, but I'm just saying that. I don't even have to ask him. That's where it's at. The jewel in his credit. Right. So that's he, he will even make the ultimate sacrifice. And he's working with a man he despises like poison. So he kind of like a down plays at the soft pedals it. Hank, of course, began to shadow about. I think the hopper despises him were the night. Which I never thought was possible. So he's reaching out desperately. Did that the last time was here when we had that sit down. Confed on the bench outside in the, you know, in a parking lot. Right. It was touching. And that lasted one day until I came to my senses. Cause I kept thinking of myself. And then he spoiled it himself when he came in and started ripping the rag and on the beast again. I see when you get to be that agent you start carrying that much about the little people around you. What is the beast? I mean he's annoying and he's incompetent on the ear and he's a yenta. Oh, I'm sorry Judith. But, uh, seriously, but why would you care about him? I do it. Right. Exactly. He's like a fly and just the brush it off. Not really. Oh, he's just a few things. I'm going to be friends with him about. Oh, come on. After all the stuff this old man is pulled. All behind the lens. All behind the scenes in his place. That's the thing on the ear. Oh, I'm just a wonderful guy. And I'm a great play by playman. And I'm the expert on this on this. Whatever. But behind the scenes the most cherished, the most obnoxious, the most disgusting, the most unacceptable. And I guarantee you that there isn't anybody in this building. Anybody who wouldn't kiss the ground if they could find some amazing way just to make him disappear. I'm listening. I'm just making him go into this. Just to find a bucket of money. Oh, look at this. Here's the money to pay off. I'm all Howard David and bye. Have a great life. You know that. Yeah. I do. I'm going to. Which is why Greg keeps feeding very jacks and all those lines about well, if we could just find a way to put Howard's third in a morning. And of course, every time, over here's that he's like probably hyperventilating. Right. Because, uh, I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I mean, how could you put Howard's third on there? I'm working here. Yeah. And that's your reason he doesn't. Anyway, well, how did I get off on that 10? He doesn't take me much to get to go on him because he just he's just a creep. He really is. And my point being, more you've just, you've just done too many vicious nasty, hateful, destructive things. And most of them failed, by the way. I mean, he did get Carolyn off at that show. But of course, he's got the inside in this place. So she's over to down the hall of power. He got beast off that show. But he's got the inside with clearance. So you'll never see him dump it out here. He got Zach off the show. Which means Zach can do his other job and, uh, hang around with all the hookers. Strippers at night. And, uh, you know, it kind of sleep a little, uh, extra late. So I, and I will say this, you know, well, what's his name, uh, shy? Shai. He's a reproducer that he had brought down from his, uh, pyzons up in New York. He seems like a pretty good guy. I was, he was sitting in the bullpen. They're this morning. I thought, and I met him yesterday. And I thought to myself, how does a guy who's like seems like normal? I mean, I could understand like Scott Junior or one of those people. Like, you know, what he, I did this guy. But how can this guy possibly, uh, it's just going to be a matter of time. Is that, yes. And, yes. For that already happening? No, nothing like that. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, if something were to happen, we wouldn't know about it because Shai, the kind of guy, he's a little shy to fly. He's a little drum-shai. Right. He'll, uh, he'll keep it to himself and keep the job. I'm going to tell him to start the festering. He'll start boiling over. It's like, yeah. Yeah. The point, critical mass. Uh, and then, of course, there's Galilee who, uh, has a lot of fun, but I'm just going to tell the ex behind the most back to me and everybody else. Maybe with a couple of drinks, let's take him up for beer. Who killed that? I hear Galilee's little shy, too. And if you had a voice like that, you probably would be as well. Anyway, well, look at that polls, got some votes on there already. Which of these people are things you care about, least, the least. NASCAR 38, Joe Costello would be upset about that. Any updates on Joe Costello? Oh, I'm sorry. No. Hey, call me Joe. But he hasn't heard of word from them. He's just just being just posturing for the public. Just like this dog and pony show with these 9-11 hearings. You know, like you said, it's for the families of 9-11 victims to pacify them. But it's not going to accomplish anything. They're going to find anything out. It's just, it's just the blame game. That's all. Well, you did this and Bush did that and tended to this and the FBR and Competit, well, that's, we all know that already. Right. You know, so what are we going to do about it? That's the obvious question. What are we doing as opposed to having all of these geniuses sitting there and showing us this, participating in how Bob Kerry knows this and Richard Benveniste knows that. And Jim Thompson's a Bush, you know, sick of that. NASCAR 39 Donald Trump, you know, say, didn't say liquor because I can't say those things together anymore. NASCAR 39 Donald Trump 25 is real 18. If you do go as real don't be a yenta and don't be a sitting target. It means multiple. Arnold B. Arnold Palmer 16 sports talk 10 horse racing 9, Fox News 6 MSNBC 2-1-1-1-per-cNN. CNN's on right now. We need 126 total votes so far and it pull. It's important. 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQAM, Pompano Park racing and poker that's important feature only the only night time horse racing in town. In the entire state, as a matter of fact, come out to Pompano Park for an Outer of excitement watching wager and live harness racing or come play poker. And I guarantee you, anybody listening to me right now. If you come out to the sixth floor dining room, I guarantee you'll be the youngest person there. Coming this Saturday, April 24th, Pompano, what? I don't even know who I'm talking to, but no matter who it is, they'll be one of the youngest people in the They're appearing works. I had, but when you get to Pompano Park, Dick Feinberg and Steve O'Remyg, you do not be a yenta or they'll hook you up with Wally Hennessey. Coming up Saturday, April 24th, now let's see, that's a week from this Saturday. Pompano Park will present National Recording Artist, any Cornedious will perform his hits 2-Late to turn back now and treat her like a lady. Remember Cornedious brothers and sister Rose? Yes, that's him. Plus there'll be hot action magazine motorcycle show too. And I can't wait till Gary Puckin' and Union and Gapshoop. Located just a half-mom factor taken all the artist that Gulsry wouldn't take anymore. Located just a half-mom from both I-95 and the turn-pike Pompano Park is easy to get to, and best of all Pompano Park features free, admission, and free general parking every day. Now we're talking south Florida's language. Live harness racing in the poker room is open every Monday, Wednesday, like tonight Friday and Saturday, Poker starts from noon and goes on till midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 705 p.m. And as for a simultaneous concert you can't beat it because Pompano Park is open every day, 7 days and nights a week with a best and harness, through a bread-high-high action all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts out, watch out for Ray McLean Junior. Pompano Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road or Don McElroy, for the current race schedule called 9-5-4 or watch out for Dave Wall, he just turned 90. 9-7-2-2000 or go on a web at Pompano Park.com. Horsepower you can plunge on at Pompano Park post time tonight, 7-5 into P.A. Get in the water, and roll! This is Port Witton 5-6. 2 AM. Those annoying curds, a seat trying to rid the world of Hindus, are a Christian wanting to eliminate abortionists, is only one place to shop for all your religious weaponry religious weapons supply company. At RWS we believe in the bites of all religions to physically preserve their prejudices against other religious groups who don't agree with their sets of values. RWS, RWS supplies all organizations with a vast range of weapons, and we ship all over the world. For all these small extra charged, we offer an important service to have the name of your faith and spread on each weapon indicating to your God your level of commitment. So before you start in this G-Hod, stock up now at RWS. Religious weapons supply because you know your faith is going to be. Pompano Park, 23-5-60-27-4-LM, we got the Mad Dog at 2, we got the Humphorate 4, another 2-1-1-1-1 show he's working his ass off his way. Probably this as well, losing out through 2. Marlins on deck at 6-31 aren't they televised in those games? That's bad. Their plan in Port Witton, it would be like a service. Marlins are 6-1-1-A after the best out of any team in the major leagues. They got actually some real interest plus all the other yentres they want to free your ring. Marlins at the Exposion, Sammon Puerto Rico, will have the game at 7-5, and I'd edit half of the game and then after that was. They're actually our people who are building talking about the fan, 1400 about that other sports station at the we referenced yesterday. Of course, which makes me wonder what in God's name is wrong with these people. Didn't they do that the first time with the other people? But that station had some people I mean, you know, they may be a little teeny tiny book on a Witton scale I was about it. But this station first of all you can't hear it anywhere that's number one. And number two, Carl Foster, I'd rather have bananas foster, okay? Any day of the week. I mean, nobody knows who, and there won't be anybody on that station, anybody knows who from, oh, they are. Plus nobody can hear it. But I'll not do that. They're going to do great. Sports. I said, oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. Religion, golf, politics, money. What's not to like? We can't talk about sex anymore. We can't have any. So now we're left to that. So sports is right in there. You got it. Glad that clearance got you brainwasse efficiently. 167 votes, which of these people are things you care about least. NASCAR 51 Donald Trump 32, we'll get change in. So a book of rangam you inspired me for yesterday about era America. Okay. She's been listening online. All right. Since they got only four stations, but at any rate. And I've been reading great things about the goddess about Randy. She didn't Reveuse. Good. A gugogurl and one of the reasons being that she's a broadcast. I know that sounds silly on my part. What a concept. A radio person on the radio. Oh, no. Yeah. And Brian was told me that it sounds like a bunch of kids sitting in room. They have no boardops. They have no technicians. I mean, it's a technical disaster. You know, just some people who wanted to like, you know, put across political opinions. And all of a sudden, they're broadcasters. It's pathetic. You know, it's just like taking somebody that's been hanging around the locker room in Soul Life. And all of a sudden, you're a talk show host like, I heard from Boca. Yeah. There's a good example. Happens all the time. Right. Poof your broadcaster. In fact, I'll give even a better example. That part of the job accuracy is Coach Salus de Colette that really frost my old ass, which is one of the reasons that nobody can. What's what's happening with this thing? Did I kill this thing? Uh oh. Wait a minute. One moment, please. But I sure hope this thing go down here. And I got it. Just relax. Like, uh, Merit, Merit, Merit, Merit, Merit. Yeah. My late little dog, my menpin, Restin piece. He could have been a bit of broadcaster than the crow. I mean, you've got to be shmentin' me the crow. And then we got that little element out there order. That's a racial thing. You people need more black talk show host out there right. Like Jim Verri, he went over big on the fan. He was really, if they were out there. If they were available, if they were articulate, if they could speak the language, if they could get gerade an audience, they'd be on, I guarantee you that. They'll kiss your ass for like us five or six year in man. For a seven or eight year, like some of the rest of us got. Well, I can't tell you what they'll do after the finisher with that. Thanks by the way, Clarence. Good job. What are you laughing about? Oh no, that's all the stuff I got here. You think you have more people? Yes, he in, muffle, boat. Ha ha ha ha ha ha obviously when we can't share during these trying times today obviously not Well, we got a lot of crap here today. I don't know. There's just something about the whole ambiance of being in this building I can't even describe it because we can't see those words anymore, but yeah, that sums it up that one Latin singing star Taliya so di I never even know she had a last name video. No, she's a so-ty pop It just found out. I'm sure she had a last name, but you know, just like share has one There's no hell if it was with an L soldy, you know what soldy isn't tagin? No, didn't it? Oh? Okay money Anyway Taliya soldy will appear in a Spanish language print and TV ad campaign Hershey food said Monday All right, you think she's gonna be out there on your whole Hershey Wait The nation's largest candy maker also pence and do this a line of talk of products featuring her name and Designable appeal to Hispanic tastes. Oh, I didn't know that Hispanics a different kind of talk a lot Tays them not Hispanics neither did I oh well, you better get with it those candies will feature Hershey brands with oh No, yeah, you did like that hog and us all the dulce and the luch there. You know what chocolate It is now Those candies will feature Hershey brands with chili-based flavors and dulce de leche filling chili among other flavoured flavor variations The company said that's all in her and Pelia already's got a line of goods if Kmart then include women's clothing That's probably why they're out of business here include women's clothing accessory food where eyeglasses women's and home furnishings Yeah, yeah, yeah, so Taliya's going to work for Hershey. They're gonna have like a spick chocolates Gonna taste like chili and dulce de leche Chili chili chili chocolate. I'm gonna have one at taste more like Argentina. Oh And then you're the guy Peru no you're gay Padaguay Ever know if anybody that went to perigway? Actually now What the hell about it? Chili see I sense you on isn't that the capital of perigway? You I'll take your word for it. Yeah. Oh, you better get your south of our here models mister no interest Lima in Peru Right, Lima. You let's set the ego chili. Yeah, real now is real the capital of Brazil is at Sao Paulo I'm thinking south. How long is it really? See how like any train people That too an almond that over here. Well, no, let's not get off on a tangent like that We don't want to do a spick talk here, okay? I'm thinking if you want to know anybody that's visiting town if you want to know There's always that big argument about who made Miami what it is today. I'll tell you right now. It's not it's a no-brainer Old Jews and old Cubans. They made south forward what is today? And I personally want to apologize for both groups me too And by the way, Judith and haven't you're all I can say to you is Okay, you Quit writing what is to the editor they set the tone for this town. They they have made it what it is today Festoring a hostile nasty hateful obnoxious place where our favorite word is we That's our favorite phrase We know can't stand you all if you like to be a professional victim you can move in next to my mother Well, actually, what you can do is move in next to my mother and help her continue being a professional victim With your mother story of her life and really do this story of her life Can you believe it? I never thought she was gonna leave. Oh my god Who invited her in ma huh who invited her in to sit there in Haca, China for a four hours Boy, oh boy, just amazing every time I go over there heard the same stir-out a new you don't want to say new variation to the same old story About how this one did this to her? This one did that there and how they were abusing and using her my 90 almost 91 year old Limot driver mother. Maybe I got a get you're that little toy out of get her a limo Can you see my mother driving a stretch limo? Oh, yeah good in that cow By the way, now their story barely even makes the news anymore We had another old yenton create a drive through it local bank yesterday Yeah, only problem is they didn't have a drive through but she decided she was gonna make one they saw that they do now. Yes So that will teach any of you business people out there people want convenience if you're too lazy to make build your own drive through or too cheap They'll make one for you trust me just a matter of time Look at that NASCAR they're not too crazy, but okay, sorry Joe Custell. I bet you if you're still around. I'd love that NASCAR round And round around in this big circle wait for something to get killed Wait for a big crash Which of these people are things you care about least NASCAR not a 70 Donald Trump 44? He just he leaves me limp like his hair is real 28. Oh Come on now Arnold Palmer 25 sports talk 20 horse racing 17 fox news 12 unfair and unbalanced MSNBC 4 and CNN has only got a small pair Your sports radio 560 That's true then a touch tone phone no Lounder than a pneumatic drill Ablesy side stability in a single bound Look they're on the phone it's a rabbit move. It's a brilliant jacket No, it's yentermann. Yes, it's yentermann Strange visitor from another market for the phone growing out of his head Ring warning is gonna do morning's on What do you think? Yentermann with the bizarre compulsion to pass along radio gossip Oh, they thought it wasn't a glimpse of the sun but it turned out to be On Beally Yentermann who can change the course of any discussion dial two telephones with one hand And who disguises Lee Huller ill-mended tacos for a semi-professional radio station fights a never ending battle for rumor in Ywendo and Arbitron advances Yeah, Neil is leaving my area to buy a station in Leicland Diabolie Whatever happened to Jim Scholar. That's our poll question of the day We ever heard of him. He just disappeared right vanished off the face of the earth was calm less time other radio casually man just vanished just disappeared No, they radio casually. I just would have been leaf follower. He's still dead You never met Lee followed did you? No never never let him this in Oh, then that's bad. That's a terrible thing to say, but it happens to be true What? Walmart sells anti-smut DVD players somebody just facts this in. Thank you very much by the way. Just facts a bunch of stuff in especially poll suggestions Walmart is selling the world's first DVD player that can seamlessly skip over violence swearing new to the other potentially offensive movie content The $79 unit features technology by clear play and is manufactured by Thompson and converts RCA brand This product comes in a wake of the Super Bowl halftime controversy as well as the FCC firing clear channel for In our was it finding clear channel for a decent content in the Howard sperm show, but clear play C. E. Oh Bill Ahou said the timing is coincidental. Let's just name a. H.O. How else would you say the Ahou? Bill Ahou said the timing is coincidental is Bill Ahou It's just fortunately said there's a lot of interest in sensitivity in the topic around the topic of potentially offensive media content It's called censorship alive and well in America. Okay. That a lot of soldiers are dead, but censorship is alive in Wales in America When it doubt leap it out right right you golf hole Well, don't be a golf bag Anyway RCA's player is the latest and development illegal battle between the Salt Lake City based software company and Hollywood Steven Spielberg Martin Scorsese and Steven Satterberg and other members of the director's guild of American file suit against clear play September 2002 when the filtering product was available as a computer program the legal proceedings are still underway in Colorado Well, it's hard waiting for a ruling the DGA for its part director's guild of America stick into its guns clear play software and its movies to conform to clear play his vision of a movie instead of letting audiences see in touch for themselves What the writers wrote what the actors really said what directors envision the DGA? This is like a blockbuster all over again, you know water down movies for simple ends with very very week minds like the religious nuts and then interesting How the same people who are offended by everything generally tend to be the religious nuts three week minds You know they've been brainwashed and he is risen and he is falling and he's wearing something He's falling how do you know to be offended less someone I guess if you pop the vibrate my quit falling so much, but anyway What how do you know to be offended Let's the preacher. No, it's just like that super in court justice said I don't can't define pornography But when I see it I know it when I hear all the time I hear it for example That's pornographic. I'll tell you who else is really pornographic. I've seen hard from both that's another one Believe me Make no mistake about it, right? Absolutely sure even he knows it I don't want to go through that song to dance again every time I come down here. It's the same thing I there's a part of me that would I know you don't believe this. I don't believe I would like to like him Because you're a softy You're not know that's not no that's not what I'm talking about I would like to like him because I still see That part of him. I mean he's he's got a great voice He's like He's capable of being something that he just isn't obviously totally ain't gonna change But he's capable of now I The ingredients are in there somewhere. They're just like all jumbled up You know what I'm saying can't see that part of him because he's got it covered up Then is that what it is? Well, he was pretty pretty snappy the other day All the one of the snaps was like kind of loose. I think it's magnets. Yeah. You got a snap both sides down Oh otherwise it starts flopping around a little bit You look kind of 560 056 pound 560 on the 18s. He's it's good that we can't play those first sounds because we got some of the useful things on the bottom line like yeah like that I mean, that's better than all the first put together anybody to agree with that In fact, when guilty first that's the sound of me What now I shouldn't have said that oh? You just really find the sound. Oh, see now you want a golf hole. I am there When guilty I cut to the cheese it sounds like like that So they Michael Paul and Michael uh whatever cops and all you other award cops up there DFCC guess what? Y'all they just farted See Provin okay take us sniff I don't smell nothing. Yeah, if this Which of these people are things you care about least? 274 votes NASCAR's got 80 what a pile of crap that is good choice folks Donald Trump 56 has in queue 56 Is real 35 don't be a yenta oh Our old pommers got so our little mr. Palmer. What did you do all your life? I played golf I keep thinking that over and over and over and over again and of the golf holes in his industry Who over the years have made these people? Celebrities know I like to be able to be a celebrity when you play golf. I don't care if you shoot a 53 I mean I don't care what it is what what difference does it make? You're still playing golf Wouldn't you like to be rich when you like to be a famous miniature golfer? Yeah, yeah signing out a good million right and then mole and all the sports holes on his station The golf holes can come on he's the greatest miniature golfer did you see that shot on the 13th Wow That was on the seventh I don't think they had like 18 holes in miniature golfers like now I believe I like you know air hockey and fastball there are a lot of people how many holes there are miniature golf Yeah, thanks Robert you're like what air hockey and food ball what it be? I'm the bravo hockey in the last night by the way. What a shame about the covalve of getting slashed in a hand They're in running it was on teammate Boston scored a winning goal in a double overtime there beating month You're all that was a shame because I'm like soon Boston getting eliminated get him out of there And then how about those Nashville predators? All right, that's my new team. I mean man. Well, at least in that conference anyway Shuttin I'd teach right three nothing they'd tie up the series two a piece Leafs and out of it in Ottawa. I sure George will be watching that Um Calgary should have been Cooper for Ziplas night. What was the other game and saying sand Lewis got beat by San Jose for three But I was really tensed at the end man right out of the wire On your hockey and tensest I heard man that she has today going on a mad dog I love your great guy, but forget about the hockey talk okay. I mean coming on here and saying well, let's talk about something I don't know nothing about it and then try to explain how nobody else cares about it anyway just forget about it Right Forget about what hockey Nobody have yeah, unless a tear hockey he's going on about how he can't imagine that anybody could name even one NHL coach And they said well Scotty boom, I guess he had around no more now. How about talking about playing? Why he had to coach no more Columbus and rightfully so but What can I say it's very sad and There's a big pup piece about the Panthers in the paper again here this morning about how they got 70% they're leaving the league 70% their season tickets from last year have we new doll ready For next season course they're going to be in next season number one and number two they only had seven or eight thousand season ticket holders lie under eight thousand So 70% of eight thousand will be what? 5600 Let's have my check So in other words just over 5,000 season tickets have been sold for next season which is going to be an X season very likely it's pretty unlikely So if anybody's got any money that they want to send over to the Panthers they'd like to hold on to with for you for a while What no keep it safe or better yet? We'll keep it safe for you We'll let any K take some invested will it interest a crew will it? Any K take it to highlight I'll take some to Pomp and O Park a few thousand and we'll quadruple it for you Or by a big maybe now we might have a bad run but you never know Come any QM hello Little shrill there today Ron Not off not right off the bed take a couple of pros act lay down in the couch, okay? Have somebody stick that thermometer in where the moon don't shy and then call us back later not Don't ever call us again Ron We're gonna send a word police to your house to beat the living stop out of you. They're gonna hit you right now for head WQAM hello QAM yeah, how you doing on cool mail, okay, sir? I don't know if you noticed this story in the pay people they made it into a sick in the daily news in the daily news on our burn tups A new jersey man was busted yesterday for setting two was puppies on fire. Oh Jesus Ronald Frederick's just charged with animal cruelty Frederick acknowledged placing WD40 on the heads of two puppies All lighting them on fire How many how old is this guy does it say? Does it say how old he is No, it doesn't get an age This is an adult. This is somebody over the age of three Yep when the SPST CA agents and police arrived at Frederick's house they found a 12 month old black laughing shadow Which severe burn to the air scalp in those? Top in 18 month old mixed breed had less serious injuries both doors in the hour saving medical treatment and photos because in Ocean County jail in 5,000 dollars fail I I wish they would let him out. I if I what we ought to do is take all the dog lover All the people are on pit bulls just to surround his home for a few weeks before they pass it The people be so sick you know, I don't know if you'll do something to people okay, but you know animals well All right, as a children or women how about that people people things who can't defend themselves right It's a pretty sick world on Oh, yes, but making me last during the day okay, I have a great day life paly very uplifting call I mean, it's you know, we need to know about those things. We don't like hearing them, but we need to know about Just like this story here. You need to know about it. It's also depressing priest house lawmakers in Colorado not to emulate JFK See one thing one thing about you people with a Catholic church especially the people in the hierarchy Mine your own damn business. That's my own decision. They want your own damn business remember the inquisition? Oh, yes, they didn't close that office a Roman Catholic priest in Colorado Cous de Sturon the House floor the state house floor two. They when he urge lawmakers to let religious faith guide their votes and be the antithesis of John Kennedy I can't imagine too many priests could say antithesis Well, not without this right while delivering the chambers morning prayer the Reverend billed Carmedy said too many politicians are followed the example of the nation's first Catholic president by pledging to separate their faith from politics All mighty God please change and convert the hearts of all the representatives in the house. You said May they be the antithesis of John Kennedy May they be women and men of God and may their faith influence and guide every vote they make he said house sick Representative Alice Madden at Democrat took the floor to denounce the prayer saying it was unfair attack on the Democratic president Meaning Kennedy in an interview Madden said Kennedy had made his decision to separate his faith in his politics In the midst of anti-Catholic bigotry Representative Bill Sinclair, where I can't even say it Republican defended Robert is telling lawmakers the prayer was not an attack on Kennedy Ridiculous and a telephone interview later Carmedy acknowledged that Kennedy faced opposition because he was Catholic, but he should have stood up for his churches beliefs This bigotry would have died eventually we wouldn't have politicians who advocate their faith to be politicians had Carmedy a pastor of the church near Colorado Springs And of course this all ties into the churches John Kerry was okay in a Senate he was in the Senate for how many years About 30 or how many years and he was okay because he was just one of a hundred US senators So the Catholic church just kept their mouth shut even though his positions on abortion all of these other issues Well no different than that is right now But now that he's running for president now all of a sudden the Pope says this and they are special in Boston says that and they shouldn't give him communion and Let's take a we want to go to do they're gonna give neck away for his next time. I said run his neck neck away for his that's probably what they would like to do 1057 at five five 60 Q a m my That's a Oh What One Yeah, I love that one that's the the expirated version there It just died. I had the good one up in Toronto, but you don't have it too bad 1102 at five 60 W Q a m while you know for here any slot we don't care right? Just toss it in there the slot shop right Don't forget politics sports religion and money and golf and golf So here's the Michael Jackson story. I'm probably should probably take this one call W Q a m hello Pretty good I wanted to call and just comment about ask cross comments yesterday. Yeah, I saw it and I cannot believe it's all patents fall man Cleanly they play clean completely Then he says he doesn't have enough resources. He said that they asked for all the money Didn't get the money and that's why it failed Amazing Just remember John ask golf locked his Senate the election to a dead man, so just keep that in mind, okay? This guy and then yes, I say cover his ass up with that cloth with that drop cloth uses for the statues cover his ass up I could not believe that he did it and then a darn yesterday's why are you watching that crap though? I mean, what were you gonna get with it? Okay, just a dog and pony show it's just a right You know you're right, but we're still in vision and go watch some porn movies do something constructive You know all I can hope for watch David is dear fear while you're still can buy it. Are you done? Yeah, okay? No, we're done You kept interrupting the main well, I can because I'm trying to lighten it up a little bit He wants to make this into the light bulb show. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna do you know It's just what's the point? Every now and then I get you know sucked back into that old with that stop Fcc see the we're not gonna change the world It's a radio show. We're trying to give you a fuck a few laughs a few You know what I was gonna say a few you got it came out is one way to stop myself Wow holy cow What's the contraction of a few yaks don't say it of course? It's five times fast. Why didn't really say that it was closed? It was close enough to make my finger move to that but real quick. Oh, man Too close for whoa I think that was an active Yes, me way think yeah Anyway, what was I trying to say oh, yeah, I mean, don't I'm not gonna get sucked into that I'm sorry sir, but you know if you're wasting your time watching that Good luck to you now. Here's George Tenon Well understood between us good New Jackson abuse claims pro and I don't want to get too newsy either we don't want that real New Yorkie guy calling How come you're so newsy you know my girl in business get your own show LA police are investigating new allegations of China. Abuse against pop icon Michael Jackson from the 80s According to a police statement One of the singers lawyers said yesterday expected the stir would eventually be proved false. Well, what a surprise that is The one paragraph police statement said police were contacted by LA County District attorney's office a month ago The victim alleged is the actual place in the city of LA in the late 80s the departments juvenile division child protection section is currently investigating the allegations LA PD public information officer Jason Lee told CNN that a part-owned release no further details about the investigation or the allegations Or the organization So there goes More Michael Jackson problems is this there's and is there any question any doubt? Oh no 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line which of these people or things do you care about least least 345 votes NASCAR 105 Donald Trump 72 Israel 39 Arnold Palmer 35. Oh god. What a great American huh? What a great blue nose golf hole error that is Old Creen he's in tears. He's stopping its his last masters Seriously you people an immediate who've elevated these people anything more important than a janitor In fact the janitor at least if he does a good job, he's the place clean And doesn't expect other people to follow him around clean up his mess Like all these golf holes you've bring everything into a game like cards like pinnacle my job Very briefly. We're gonna be great to be able to be millionaire by playing my genre I think would be good all these millionaires in hell and they'll they're playing my genre Look at the way she handled those tiles It's a beautiful thing piles of tiles. Yeah, no, but the piles part look at what she handled her pile. I'm sorry I can't say that no Israel 39 Arnold Palmer 35 Horace, he probably don't like juicy. Do we don't like anybody else horse racing 32 fox Jew a news 28 The anti-Christ the fox news sports talk 27 MSNBC 4 only four people You know care about they just didn't even know what it is Right what is what exactly and see an N only for because everybody nobody don't like CNN Even though it's certainly not news It's nothing but sugar coated propaganda. Can we do commission a group? Well, that's good 5 670 560 it's a dog and pony showed all waste my time with it. I don't want to hear gender We know said this and this one said that then but it'd be better. I don't really don't care Right it's it's real here No, the people ask the question. Oh, let's start. Well, I mean, it's so obvious so what a Schluck government we got about how everybody's too busy bickering with each other and care about protecting the public They don't give a crap about your lives All this baloney about a politicians care about your lives if they cared about about so much about your lives How come the neocons are nobody are fighting the Iraqis instead of sending all the kids over there. Shut up for you right I'll be out here soon WQA hello there online one headline one is got a real problem man. That ones they cheered in a wood pile WQA and hello WQA and hello Neal you're already had your own three hours this morning. Oh cut the crap. Yes, sir. Hey, did you guys figure out the capital Sailpolo It was really my friend. Oh really yeah, well don't get middle-looking about it now. You don't have to get well. What's the capital? What's the capital in the or state? Yeah, right there you go see see this is the problem and it's time we got people running about a No-one capital of Brazil, which nobody gives a flying crap about but the capital in the York All-body man one of the tri- cities all-body's connected to the in Utica I know that yeah because it's in North America right because it's a North American city, okay? We're an American band And it's an American city Got it get at it and quit worrying about all this spiccrap, okay? Enough of that stuff this town is just is is drowning In a sea of that garbage drowning in it In a gigantic septic tank a professional spic stuff and I'll give you the best example I can That CMQ FM garbage which nobody has any idea with L. R. Plan Hey Right she couldn't sing her out of a paper sack all of she was a snappy dresser Maybe she wore a snap on I don't want to say snap on what could we can't say that there? Oh no wig Nine minutes after 11. Hey, you think you got a snap on mo? Absolutely he's got a snap on but it ain't a wig That's what guilty said Nine minutes after 11 at five sixty WQA and it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group The benefits are incredible you pay zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points Get that new low interest rate and just 1.25 percent if you have a hundred thousand not alone you pay just three thirty four a month If you have a 200 thousand not alone you pay just sixty eight a month. What's not to like and don't forget Once you get a or obtain once you refinance you get you no homework from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again So column toll free one eight six six three nine five land get that low rate mortgage You deserve the move to the next property with no further cost to express you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fees Zero in fact the what you pay is just like Todd Drex IQ zero underwriting costs closing costs even when you moved to another property Get that new low right or financing rate. It just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group Here's that toll free number one more time for those of you are mighty slow one eight six six three nine five land That's one eight six six three nine five L a N D the Renekwell housing lender Restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly four point two one AP oh my Yeah So I can tell now when the mortician lifted at my skirt He said I live a little low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low low I get down to like a cow like a cow like a cow like a cow Another thing What a big star That little fix week boys I think they get anyway a little beauty milk We see you Oh You You why you I know my smell attract you But unlike that you You still got a job I feel just like That you My dear And we need to another That's why you are so bad fire You Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do Do It's 11 15 at five 60 our from broken W2A I'm serious a fact I'm Sean from my curl springs not to be confused. He says with Sean from Hollywood that sense is all those great poor ideas He says I think I have an idea to pass along to bulk of Brian last week when you were having the arm or the alarm problems at Toronto and Kept playing the guilty scream over and over again Had me laughing so hard and have book a brand of a car alarm parody which we already discussed that last week, but that's okay Sean you're a little late the makers of the big black guy name Ben Carl arm Using guilty as the Carla somebody already 75 suggestions already and I put thanks Sean good idea. I'm sure he's working on it right now and the a bit too Which of these people are things you care about least rescue today on the arrages.com? That's our poll question the week with a different nifty list of unconnected crap every day There's nothing worse than unconnected crap NASCAR 120 Donald Trump 82 Israel 43 and quit building that fence already will ya? No at least get an herb contractor, please no horse racing 42 Arnold Palmer 40 oh Arnie Arnie what are we gonna do without you when I'll go stuff what are we gonna do? Sports talk 33 Fox News 29 MSNBC 4 and CNN 4 See in Canada they don't care about golfing only care about Mike weird because he's Canadian He's golfing what he's Canadian a he's weird Never heard of weird Mike Yankevik no, oh, did you see about how weird else parents both died? Yeah, and at Carbo not so poisoning All the one of his record you morons, they probably one of those records yeah It was just like what's his name just Jason Williams dog suicide Oh, and you think they gonna grab the charges on Jason Williams? Did you see that yeah They might say oh, wow, well, you know we know you kill him, but They did this wrong and they did that wrong so on a technicality return elution the go back and Start your career all over again. I'm shit somebody else shoot some other people It's man you talk about justice There ain't no justice in America. That's why the smart people go see don't go wrong. That's right He's the only one you're gonna find justice Maybe Dave justice but even what's your name dump Tim? Halley Let's see NASCAR 120 Donald Trump 82 is real 43 horse racing 42 Arnold Palmer 40 sports talk 33 33 that's Eight what is it 34 now 8.3% of the Saudi and say they care least about sports talk and I say But that's a good idea. I voted for no I voted for what did I vote for? I don't know Arnold Palmer I know I'm I'm milled in I'm Is the every day that I live I become more and more anti golf and the whole ambiance of this it's a sickness And yes, they now here's keep in mind Here's our good post personal buddy macho Jimmatic joke. I'm not not gonna mad dog you just can't do that But Here came waxing eloquent about what wonderful guys the these are and unlike Team sports were even if you play like you know I don't know what the point was in other words in golf if you if you don't play well you don't catch a check Well the same is true in tennis right at least even you would admit that tennis tennis people are athletes That there's some athletic involvement in tennis you have to move up try I have to move a little bit of stuff When you watch a great tennis match even I can be transfixed with that especially if like our good buddy is playing what's his name in the court of coke and the erotic Andy corner cova But at any rate, but by me in golf This is an athletic end endeavor It's a game. It's a silly ass game when the weekend the bar is how blue knows is Well, both they walk the course well, gee, that's some real heavy duty Athletic skill man. Yeah, you got to have some real skill to do that to be able to walk that course When you go to Disney world you got to walk from one ride to the other well how about let's put some busy crap on here. What do you say sure? In fact right after the show today hour range it. They call it I'll make it Call it I think a good thing I did that right there 409 on at the and let's see MSNBC 4 and see it in four everybody's glued to CNN because they think it's really a news place Which it's not well there's a what's his name? But the plans may be long range plans, but Bob Frank enough to be confused with Al Franken all they both have equally boring personalities What a shame about that Al Franken thing Oh, well, you knew it. If they had had real broadcasters put it together put real broadcasters on here and Michael more even though he's not a real broadcaster There's a guy with a great enough sense of humor. He's glib he's right out spoken. He's an ass kicker He would have been great there is the guy to put on not Al Franken maybe put Al Franken on with somebody who is a broadcaster I have Mr. Guess you are so well I have Mr. Guess once in a while just like those little red jokes that they have on it on this station in a more absolute oh man And what is this thing now on a rejoins this must be a clear-in-sing. I want to stir rip in the station But what is that and in fact Miguel was in there with you in the three of us like be we're looking to each other was like eight the 957 and Joe was playing at the closing theme, which really is the pressing by the closing time and And then they got some like on the rejoin. They got some really lame as so-called comedy with that somebody in this place thinks is funny Oh my god, what was that I got her low play when yesterday two before to be done So that must be a clear-in-sing to try to um, I'm used up the station out of try to make sports talk to butcher up a little Hey make it really yeah What's funny yeah good idea right that's right now that Howard sperm ain't on a morking anymore for you Just have a few funny drop-ins man. Yeah, let's deal some of the old drop-ins In fact I mentioned him rather gonna stir playing every five and two minutes Which I think if I'd only bring more people it could only bring a lot of people's force if they play a lot of those Now speak of these dog and pony show hearings that we're talking about The head of the CIA a George tenant more you talk about a lightweight he's bad in the FBI people FBI people are being prison Yeah, I shall let the mafia guys out let the FBI people in there the The mafia people just want to give us a good time or else so anyway George tenets is a time what is it? On that day 9-11 2000 well this is written so poorly on CNN's website. They should be shot to it says the United States was in effect Unprotected on 9-11 2001 you hear that the ineffective run protected and And I really appreciate when the director the CIA makes this public announcement for the world of here Like Osama and all the Alcatra people I want to kill us and that the country needs five years to mount the clandestine service it needs five years So in other words basically held up a big sign over said it says all you terrorists out there if you want to come and get us You got five years to do it because we are unprotected we are as useless as Boobies on a pencil I could use boopies on a pencil. How much you could and I'll tell you where you can put them to it a little later 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T you want boobies made just walk around just open up the door look out in the hall You'll see plenty of boobs trust me when I tell you in fact There's probably boob shamis out there. No, he's in Puerto Rico How come we're not getting like tons of calls here today man? We got a real intellectual show going But five boobled boobled call in boobled Yeah, I'm gonna do a search on my boobled Booble search there a lot of guys out there doing a boobled search good luck to you and most of the guys that we do searching They need they need all the help they can get WQA and our only call on screen was QA and hello WQA I don't I just don't like that No, I don't like that. What a wind up. Yeah. He's like white like he had all the gas and then we I'm afraid You're gonna start making farting sounds so we don't want to have to dump it 560560 pound 560 on it's unlike he started at his ankles what all went to his armpits I was afraid of what was coming next WQA and hello Pretty good I was looking to you yesterday you said that you'd put a white on this network in your house right For your computer right Huh make it when you're guys down there to put up a fire wall for you because it's not people can sit up in front of your house He's just doing internet sharing. He doesn't have that work. No, I don't have that all I just have is like Computers in the house talking to which other you know Oh, yeah sharing in our sharing it's cool. I just wanted to make sure that nobody was gonna steal your internet service I honestly am I internet service. Yeah. I got news for you No chance they can have bell-felt right right all right Thanks, Sally. When you get home. There's gonna be these the homeless guys with their laptops You know sitting right there next to your house and in your driveway right check in their stocks right Now they're gonna have a big flag on their car one of those car flags in the window. It says he is risen I can only hope like a fine to make up for the one that disappeared across the street I swear 5 6 7 0 5 60 if I you when I like I swear yeah ever see the two of them together I swear same person I think What a Mickey Mouse operation. Let's see if they let jackass William's I'm giving a pan on the back for slaughtering that innocent limo driver Maybe they can give a star and a walk of fame for shooting his rod while I'm in the side in the head and Threading his friend with the same fate of he didn't bury the animal in shallow grave All right, there was a suicide the dog trust me, okay? Says man. I wish I were violent just think of the fame. I might just get juiced All the golf bags all the time. That's our new model here at QA. Thanks to George came up with a you didn't realize how popular that was gonna be golf holes golf bags Commerce a lot of territory Yeah way too much WQAM hello Hi Neil Roger. Yes, I am speaking hi I had spoken to you all about a year ago when my nephew went to Iraq are you Jewish? No, okay, you sound like He's okay. You're happy to be Jewish. You're joking You were a boy and you're talking wow Anyway, he came home from Iraq and I said you know some yes, thank God. I said Something to him about war and he said that's not a war. It's just politics Very well very well put Yeah, I just went to pass that by you let you know the boys know well I'm glad that that's a good news. Thanks a lot Thank you. You know somebody came home alive. Thank goodness for that Very well these people being just like I said all the people not just the bush people in the O'Conns But the people who supported people are defending it. They all got blood on their hands And that includes all the Democrats the week-need Democrats who were saying well, you know like Joe Biden You're full of crap Joe and by the way go go change your name back to what he used to be Cannot stand people are changed their names well Well, he ain't no entertainer. He ain't no broadcaster. He ain't no showman celebrity He's a senator for trying to be a leader. Right. Yeah, I heard that's so about the band leader For crying out loud Joe Biden. He's just Biden this time All-starland change day. I run on this year. He's just a nice name. Yeah, to what? Shikkel Gruber that's what he changed it from And by the way this business by you know the early days in Germany in fact the nut and that's so That early there were many Jews is supported him there's plenty of Jews that support bush to by the way just Passed along yeah Robert plenty of flags that support bush to Alice Randtell and all you have this self-hating Log cabin faggot's out there shame on you Disgraceful I'm gonna say it against like Jews for Hitler is no different no difference whatsoever Man and of course miss fudge. Don't forget about that one Good golly miss Molly that's screamer screaming screaming Baming queen just a pawn of right wing lunatics that's all you are just looking to mirror okay Look at him here look at that big bald spot and it's silly as heck you got in there Matt look at that This is a human being no this is a person no this is a man show wow This is a sellout you know it is to be a total I mean those have us on the year wall prostitutes I said that for 100 years. That's true so least I'm honest about that but when you just totally sell The evil doors then right then we have nothing but contemporary are you sure positive there's another one Maybe he can lope with the misfudge Oh, it's so sad they can rub their bald spots together 27 after 11 at 560 WCM you know I mean Absolutely you can even enter to it me the pivot man If your carpets look like there's been all kinds of nasty stuff going on there on the flow I'm maybe there has been here's the answer for a colloquine people to dry concepts because Whether it's your carpeting your area rugs your furniture or poultry your drapery all of these things Nobody anywhere does the job for you the dry concepts to because they dry clean your carpet It's their own exclusive patented method nobody else in the world does it that's why your carpet's look just like brand new They smell them any fresh to grind a couple of hours. They look vibrant and color they're soft to the touch It's like you add brand new carpeting laid right there on the flow So why waste a time in a lot of cash Slip it around town with that heavy equipment or calling some of an ax murder when you can make one easy call to dry concepts They show up on time they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start to work And when you call dry concepts, be sure to ask how you can be put on their stand by list Which will save you a 15% more off there already on beat of a low price call them today I've been using in my homes for over 20 years of the best in the world call tool free 1800 248 5071 that's 1800 248 5071 or check them on the web The dry concepts dot com Well this Why the hell don't you go home And stop all of that or why there's The rumble of crazy you go Go back to you will with your pop up Where you can play in the mud We'll back to Phoenix and then to Lottas Just go away we're all fed up Any under the list Why don't you go home? I have no one Daily under the list Go home and read the song Oh, maybe on easy I don't want to go back I like shopping for free toys better You've got your poppy mug, T-shirt And you're making us here You've had your buns start packing So they can get you out of here It's at the point where we can't stand it Everybody's not enough Above all the rules of cracker Who could you do this while in the Hey hey hey y'all good dollars Why don't you go home Turn They don't go to the list Go home and see my son Oh, I do a lazy look they're giving away free us in age green cards Can I have one Oh, that's what the newsboard Like drivers like just they would see up on it if you're a random public anyone who likes Trump too Having some real problems there. I just like you One of the problems they discovered behind how to we trace these people and plan on who they are Do I'm gonna flow right uh, huh the other problem is that nobody likes the idea right on either side But other than that yeah, yeah, it's a great idea way to pander You don't know he's pandering to but he's like bent it over back where let's get the Staff contortionist and Carapractor up there to tell I see before it's too late Before he twist himself into a pretzel and a bush family we know don't like no pretzels Well, they do they just pretzels don't like them Man claims doctor operated on the wrong eye look at somebody just facts this in from the New York Times so it might be true Suspected Taliban kill seven Afghans People that is not hounds oh Yeah, and somebody jokes on a bottom where I thought we liberated Afghanistan. There's a good joke Sometimes you're sure free but wait what kind of a station is the big oh? What what is he doing? I mentioned that this morning if you were listening me like what what are you talking about? He doesn't do the sports format to do he's got his own Format his own station his own Gig he I don't know what what goes on with him. He is just awful. He's a good guy, but I mean on the air. He's just horrible I know the hopper just can't stand him on the air. Boy, he's sure you got to write hack you got your thumb on it. He's brutal And talk about somebody who takes a definitely serious that mean he talks about her with that like everything is so You know, I mean no intense intense like it means something These games But then again he pays his own way to the NFL combine. What does that tell you that farm equipment? Yeah You better watch he's gonna run a tractor right over your acid. You don't cut the crap The big I don't receive KLW the big eight we got the big instead Yeah, poppin somebody was jingo's okay. I wish I had that documentary I taped it, but I didn't save it from Canada history channel about cklw and wins you to try it Boy, I tell you one thing if they still want to head that sound they probably still be popping out the hits on the big eight And then of course the Canadian government to see RTC said well you got to have more Canadian content on their a got a 50% Canadian music Yeah, but we can't play and Marie all day long and rush Right, or this is before Ryan this is long before either rush the group for the pilpa guess who Right guess who they could have played now. This is also before the get well whatever One was the guess who eighties guess who no 60 late 60s and 70 70s. Yes. Oh they could have played the guess who you're right mom sure they did Anyway, this is pretty depressing Here's a facts from Pete and country club of Miami here's a reply got from built Nelson Another form letter Dear Mr Thank you for contacting me regarding in decent broadcast I appreciate hearing from you and respect your views form letter as you know recent media events have prompted a serious debate on what constitutes appropriate content on an Nations TV media where waves potential action by Congress and the FCC Proposing harsh your penalty to punish India incidents of broadcast and decency is causing concerns that broadcasters rights to free speech Maybe impacted what an other understatement senator of bill While I share the concern about broadcast and decency. I believe we all have the right to express our views After all the right to speak for you is a basic tenant is that a George tenet of art ofocracy However, I believe that the FCC legislative bodies and media entities have the responsibility to ensure that an appropriate Balance is made between the right to free speech and decent standards for broadcasting content over the publicly own air wave As a member of the Senate Commerce Committee which has jurisdiction over the FCC I'll be participating in hearings on this subject. I'll continue to monitor the debate in the progression of related legislation I will keep your views in mind your communications important. It will enable me to serve you better in the Senate Sincilly bill Nelson. Well, that's not a bad response. You know it's a formula. It's not bad. It's just crap bland generic Yeah, well, but do you want it to be T- I'll listen to it. It's a boy right Didn't integrate oh man. You got to sense the humor or learn brinstone so I'd be bombarded since he of course is On his Senate Commerce Committee which has jurisdiction over the FCC over these word police Nazis that we got now who just keep making it up and expanding and expanding see This is what a lot of you people don't understand It started once upon a time. What's ahead? No business in doing it in fact. I got a right story here if I quit Babylon I'll get to later on eventually. Oh, yeah Bob bachelor is the FCC working hand in government Republican party good story But back in the FCC acted 1934 they were a regulatory agency to regulate the technical aspects of broadcasting period There was nothing in the FCC act of Congress of 34 that gave them the authority to like start being the word police Then a few radicals like Jesse Holmes radical right wing lunatics and then this idiot out there in a Kansas Sam Brown back and a few others They just keep egging them on and imploring them. Oh, you got to pass more laws and pass more bills So that we can clamp down to get all this forth and discussing crap off here so we can censor anybody We don't like we said that's what it really is all about And so they just they make it up as they go along first it was George Carlin seven words Then it was they think within decency sexual activity expatory or is now we got a new list of words now we got fart sounds Now we got this and we got that and you can and we got any million reasons why you can't entertain anybody Or have a sense of humor or do anything anymore so forget double on tundra I've double on time and triple on time. They really hate quadruple on time Man, it goes and it goes and it goes and it goes on and up about that All I heard that I'm mad I'll say the people yesterday P. I word hey, no homin and zither I don't want to be telling on my colleagues, but what's good for the goose is good for the gander? I guess you missed it clearance okay because I was driving home and I heard him say something about P. I something Let me just talk about that movie pin maybe let's the inn on for insurance. Yeah Or maybe it's time about P. I P picking in peace insurance for no speakers What what is this thing that somebody just affects me about oh? What do you stop already? Okay, we're not gonna save the world from right wing lunacy on this radio show. Okay, you're killing me with this ponderous stuff Here's some already pressing stuff. I just said it Suspected Taliban fighters have executed seven Afghans including five government officials in Southeast United India the Pakistan border residents and officials say gunmen stopped the car carrying the seven in barmail district of Paktika On Monday it opened fire they said yesterday a woman in child were killed along with five local officials see we didn't take care of Afghanistan just like we didn't the other time And we lied about it and the Taliban are regrouping and they're killing people and Yadiyada yada all of these things and if we could have taken the hundred and hundreds of billions that were gonna spend in a rack before we've done And worried about finishing up in Afghanistan and really eradicating the Taliban and Looking for the real evil doers like Osama and his crowd and mobile or Omar then and we might have been able to do something As opposed to continuing to make excuses well this one did this and it was all built Clinton did that then But I mean, but it's just a bunch of winter dressing in the public says, oh, this is really riveting This is really riveting and you know what John Ashcroft said and here what kind of leaves is said, you know I mean, I put that stuff on our last week with the music in the background just to kill some good time work like a charm Yeah anybody good today? No Just George Tinnon, which we already heard George Senate. What's he gonna say now said hey come and get us because we got five years before we'll be ready coming get us now And that's basically what that amounts to What's that bit by our friend about the the Taliban? You know listen to the latest troop movement son CNN, you know, you know our friend that did the Arab stuff Bruce J. Rock what's that one call? Good question Taliban rock something like whatever it's called Huh Something like that I don't even know let's see is it this now and I will find it. I got a back here somewhere 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T M Ramlin and they will have just all over the place which is good I like being a Ramlin man like Bob Seger without the drugs Bob Seger didn't do no drugs. He was like he was cleaner and Tommy Kramer back in the day 513 votes on a poll Where did this come from all of a sudden at back in the day crap? Who started that? It's uh ebonics it's uh It's ebonics it's against a thing don't know yo yo yo Back in the day what's the discontinue language for Yeah, yeah man word processor Which of these people are things do you care about least? NASCAR 154 as you live it as we want to be Donald Trump one oh wait horse racing 56 as in Q 56 Israel 53 oh don't be a yenta Arnold Palmer crusty old fart 51 is matter of fact what he does fart oh can you all man what I thought Sorry it took us to lunch sports talk 41 Fox News 40 MSNBC 6 and CNN full It's 18 till noon a QM we got mad dog at two of the Hebrew hammer at four who's gonna really bitch out that lady worth a letter about yenthus Hey here's the good news for it. Do we have that in here? Is it in here yet? Let me do this. Oh look at that. See you all right. Nice going. Josh Lobster fest is back at the ammo coast of you've never been there you don't know what your missing This is no ordinary Asian buffet the services unbelievable and you'll never leave out an empty stomach It's a pig out man fit for a real pig and Because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there kids six and under eat for free in addition Amold coast all offers you all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes even elmer combat loves eaten there Start out with six different kinds of soups you can have a couple of more all of them if you're real pig Then sampled dozens of succulent on trays like near stiff made order. They're citizen Asian grill along with their new home on fish Enjoy main lobster thermator style Jonah crab. I remember him and oysters on the half shell Ember Jonah and the whale Yeah, no, we found in there bus through the crab See him and if you still have room sample their handcar primary and plus their new Thai specialies and keep in mind You'll never water out of there and you will water believe me with a headache because they don't use any MSD or cornstarch The stuff that gives people at Chinese restaurant headaches syndrome. I forget about that and they cook only with cholesterol For yourals the buffet features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup the brand new sushi bar and fresh Cocktail and because you deserve it and recost features a full-deserved station with Belgian motholes pies cakes Pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit They even be having water my money. It's unbelievable. I remember back in the day Amold coast relocations for there in sunrise sunny miles my mean What is it Pembroke likes what am I talking about in on any of those places? There in sunrise sunny miles and pepper pine start building right now Okay, right you start building be done by midnight So take the whole family of book your next business lunch and right now don't forget to fill out a membership card So you can get a monthly newsletter to let our friends at our most cook up a storm of feast for you It's unbelievable take out and delivery available to call 9 5 4 5 7 238 22 9 5 4 5 7 238 22 lots of Amitators out there just like you way everybody's got a sports station lots of amitators But there's nothing like the Amold coast Chinese team buffet Two a yeah Put  Let's say they both sing another poem.  And say, ouroni, aux Sabres, shak displaced in burn-off, Today the man, He, he say they all have the hard choice. Do ya think this against me? No no no tell my heart you will be free Yeah I promise toahnj als  zuzilla You're one to be under a hood. She's gone, they're made as cold as I get on a desert. You're the door from the desert. Like young men, you're the fire. She's the door to catch the fire. On the old, flashing heart to be. She's gone, she's the door to catch the fire. On the light of history, got it back to you. She's the fire to catch the fire. She's the only air to steal the order from police. She's the fire to catch the fire. She's the true, false, and a free. 11 till 0.560 WQM happy Wednesday 2 a man at Humpty. Wouldn't it be something if we tried to do that all one two hour with the comedy bits now? Well, it could be interesting. It could be interesting. I could do it without playing one all the way through. What do you mean by that? As soon as you have to dump one, just fire and off another one. Oh, just have a while when I'm locked in loaded, you know? I'm trying to think of one that starts out like real, I know. No way, man. I know because I think we have the un-escapable, yeah. Here's one. Right? That's it. That's it. Here we go. We're going to the way. And so we can play one in the way. Yeah. Well, I remember back in the day. We could play all of these. Back when we used to be a lot of fun. But we're just regretting it now. We're just squeezing the cash out of this joint. That's all. So you didn't know that was the bonnix? No, I did not. Well, it's making up new words all the time. I don't want to hear white. I never heard any black person say that. Not that white people don't see you bonnix awards and pick it all up because they want to be, I don't know. I want to be like you up to date in this day. Yeah. Because it's a new one. You know, I was supposed to back in the day because you were confused when I said, God, I think I'm wrong. I don't think black people see you back in the day. I'm present. Huh? Trust me. Really? We're came from the back in the day. It's in rap songs that it's rap. Oh, it's rap. Oh, it's rap. Oh, it's rap. Oh, it's rap. Oh, it's rap. Oh, it's rap. The wrong way. I'm the old dog. We got the mad dog, little dog, the big dog. I'm the old dog. So then we got the hound dog. But it's like somebody asks you if you're thirsty. Yeah. You're not. You say I'm straight. No, I don't say that. Well, no, but that's what is said now. By whom? Why people say that? The youngsters. The people who are the young punks that want to be like, oh, I'm radical man. I'm a head, I'm cool. I'm radical. I'm a hunker. It was. It was like you did when you were young anymore either. That's what you think. Let's cut a rug, Daddy. Oh. Anybody else is cool. And of course, cool never disappeared. That's a problem. And of course, there are some people who everything, no matter what you say, hey, it's raining out there. Cool. Yeah. Somebody just got killed on 441. Cool. No matter what. They just drop bombs on homes that cool. They drop the all on cool. No, no. It's just cool. Cool. Cool. Bob Bachelor says is the FCC working hand and glove. We haven't taken enough calls before I get to this. I don't want to get too newsy, but I do have some important things to pass along. Not for the audience, but just for myself to make it feel like I did something. Oh, really? I mean, look, look at this. I'll never get too any of this stuff. But I'm going to sit there with my new brother, uh, facts copy or prettier. It's a nice number. Yeah. No, seriously. It's the brother MF, oh, we can say M. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Back up. 4800. That is one fine machine. About 275 bucks. Yeah. Black and white, but you know, who would I want some color printer? What? Cool. It's cool. Now back in the day before they invented those. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. What's the poll again? Because I just tuned in. What do you mean what's the poll again? I don't understand. Something about who doesn't like people or something. Yeah, who doesn't like colors like this? All of us. We don't like colors like that. Okay. We don't like people like Connor. What's the poll? Go to your computer, okay? I'll tell you. Or listen to the show. See, you know what frustrates them is that this all this week. Now that I told them I'm making my own list. Oh, yeah. Yes, they were trying to do additions to it. It would be like, which was your favorite present? And we list all of them. And then they tried to add other ones on. You know, like we had them all on there. About rock fell. Yeah. What about Bill Gates? What about V Gates? Which of these people or things you'd care about? At least that's our poll. Okay, pal. That's our poll. Get with it. NASCAR 165. Trump 120. Horse racing 61. Israel 56. Arnold Palmer also Q 56. C.K.L.W. Mark and Tom. Sports talk 43.7. 7.7%. Carol East. They don't want to hear all these scores. And they certainly don't want to hear the big. Oh, I mean, he may be the nicest kind of world. I don't know very well. But the approach that he takes to the whole thing is so humorless. So deadpan. So deathly serious. And I really think he believes that. That's what scares me. You don't better than I do. Yeah. And if I were wrong. Nope. Well, that's scary. How can anybody, how can anybody that's lived more than a week? Take all of that cockarise? So seriously, man. He's just, I don't know. He's like, oh, and the big news from Puerto Rico. I mean, he just approaches it would like the fact that every pitch, every scratch at a cross, every, every part of every game is so freaking. It's so freaking important, man. He's passionate. Oh, really? Sports talk to, I said, you know, better night. It was sports talk 43, Fox News 42, MSNBC 6, and CNN still got only four out of 553. So if you do the inversion layer, then you turn them upside down. They, they were glued to, which is sad. But then again, they don't get the BBC, even the CBC A. So that's what they have to count on for news is that sugar coated propaganda with that simple idiot that the solid, ethyl Brian. I'll tell you, I'm starting actually like a little bit. Got Judy Woodruff, Jack Capretty. Okay. Yeah, on occasion. He has some lucid moments, you know. He's like me, he's getting along in the tooth. But he has some lucid moments where he's really, he really kicks ass. I mean, he's, he really ripped the crap out of Bush's so-called press conference last night. Good. You go, Jack. He ripped him an ass. I was like, I like it a lot. He said, well, he tells. He said, the same stuff. He's been saying, and he's a speech is all right. He's always nothing new in there. Why didn't answer the questions? He was, I couldn't believe it because he doesn't know any answers. I mean, this is on the certainly not news network, which are the AOL time order people are getting fine by the SEC because that $400 million of revenue that turned out to be bogus. But, you know, what's 400 million? Yeah, right. Queen friends, what was it 400 billion? Well, I don't know what it was. They probably don't either. It's kind of like the Parmalod people in Italy. Yeah, so, 14 billion to support. No, well, I'm sorry, was 17. I was 18 billion. Well, what's 18 billion Italy? Right. When you talk about it, there's a number of scones got that much in small change. That was a mattress. And by the way, we got to go to the mattresses now. What does that mean? What? Going to the mattresses. You don't know what that means? No, but more to it come from. It came from in a mafia when there were wars between the families. Yeah. They had places like an old factories and places where they had all these mattresses. And all the mobsters would hang out there and they would sleep there and they would live there. And they would find the hide from the other families. Go to the mattresses. You didn't know that? No, I didn't know that. I can't believe I knew something you didn't. That's a mirror coming about that anyway. I know a lot of things. That's what you want to know them. That's exciting. Yeah. Come on, man. You're saying it right swear. Can't swear anymore. I'm a shoulder, my grandchildren. And I will not be able to break the peace from me here today. I'm a shoulder. I'm a shoulder, my grandchildren. And I will not be able to break the peace from me here today. All right. Where's the rest of this? That's my goal in life. I want to know the entire dialogue of Godfather. Not two and three. That's as can to my. Somebody set you the script well, man. Right. I can just watch it over and over and slow more free. I can write it out. You're right. We can't be here. It's different from the movie. I don't want that. Because you don't have some time. They're like up ad-loving and they haven't even a medic. But they forget their line and they just leave it in there because it works fine. It's always great when you go like in the film. When you go to the godfather and I mean back in the day. And there are people talking out loud because the one, the one, not you can make kind of movies that the dialogue is very hard to hear and understand at time. At times. At times. I talk. Right. Especially in the opening there. It's very dark. And there's what's his name. The undertaker. Bonnet. Bonnet. What have I done to make you this script? Never came to a sense for a couple of coffee. Why? Because you were afraid. Right. Yeah. The police to protect you. Right. And you didn't need friends like me. That's right. But if you came to me, these same mus... Oh. Orp. These same old bang. Wait a pull up on the radio. Oh. Oh, I listen. I know how to capture those runaway. This is. Ryan or cross. I need. Gotta last so do you. Speaking of Brian or cross. Wow. What a great thing to be back in time for a very brief time. Yesterday the way Harry was out of control. He's heavy too. He's during. We had the tornado warnings. This is out. There's also fear. Yeah. I mean, me. Where's the worse thing? I want to do it. I get to the real thing. You know, thanks. Well, she is just a wild. And I thought he was the weather history, especially. Storm. Storm. History. Weather. Storm. The great hyperventilator. Mr. or cross. I'd love to see him do it out with the. Miss Kamal man. Can you see them get into a hissy fit? The slot fight. Hey, spring in the savings right now. It's saved like never before. The great new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of homestead. There are US 1.20 minutes out of the 86 Armstrong Toyota of homestead worth a drive no matter where you be hanged it out because they're going to save you thousands and thousands on new Toyota's. Check out these great least prices waiting for you as I speak. An old for camera for 100 just 269 a month before the eight months. How about an old for a highlander you pay just 309 a month. Need a truck? How about an old for Toyota, Tundra the safest truck in America. You pay just a measly 179 bucks a month before 48 months. And these are just a few of the great savings waiting for you right now. At Armstrong Toyota of homestead general manager David Richardson the staff will do just about anything short of standing on their head. They might even do that to make sure you get into a new Toyota today. Experience right now the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference. They're locally owned and operated a committed 100% customer satisfaction too. Their service department is even open late till 8. We'd like to make sure they get it all done for you. Easy to find them. They're right at the corner of US 1.293rd Street in homestead 20 minutes south of the 86. And Armstrong Toyota of homestead offers you free tires, batteries and replacement parts for life that is correct. Tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody know where it does that. So don't waste your time with those big over price mega dealers and car drives. Who give you a big son to dance. Do the smart thing called David Richardson GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead for an unbeatable deal. Call him at 305 242 32 47. That's 305 242 32 47. Drive a little and save thousands and zillions on that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. This is for 205 602 AM. I owe my favorite Republic in this is Madras. It is time for the skills they are floating. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. I'm listening. I'm going to the right place. I will plan. I'm going to go from eat some higges. I'm going to the room for the rules of the way I've been looking this. So now I'm going to the highlands. I'll get Ray's land rebuilt. I can't hear my gold job suit. I'll look for a yellow coat. Because now I'm going to the Fritter's skull. I'm going to the rear room from... So is this a maribob. No Michael Jackson. Here I go. The blue suit is what I'll do. How will I keep this? With that land journey. Oh, that's the sheet. Ritor's skull is back. Here, girl. I have no life. I have another bomb. I have a shirt and a hotel and a bag. I'm not going to make any long trips to the shirt and a bag. Last week, they were shot and they didn't do well. They just did it again. I'm not getting too much information. We're not getting anything from your favorite news. They were seeing in. They were oblivious. They're putting out a bunch of old crap. It's what they're doing. Oh, no. Jaff is in circle for a possible move on. Al Sardar. You know, mo- mo- mo- Taba? What about how his name is? Oh, and of course, if we're actually going to get it because he goes into these mostly, surrounds himself with thousands of his supporters. Right. Right. So it creates a little bit of a logistical problem for us. Well, no innocent bystanders will be there. So if we're going to get him, we're going to have to do is kill some people. Right. And it's not what we've been doing over there. Kill some people. Right. R is there. Is one over here if you're over there. Thought a pain in the answer is in bystanders. Right. We'll be more than scared away. Oh, look at this. Here's somebody sent me a couple of blank pages on the facts that's good. Very good job from on hold productions. Oh, here's here is the link. I don't understand why he sent three pages to send me. Oh, Charles and your field beats. You're slipping, Charlie. He's under a lot of pressure. Not that I'm back in town for a while. He says, here's the link that will take you directly to the original script of the Godfather. I got it simply by bringing up Google and typing in Godfather script. You can find this script for many major motion pictures this way. I don't want that, Charlie. Thanks anyway. I'd rather watch the movie over and over and over again to get the inflection right. Right, exactly. Reading it off a page. Don't do it. You've got to hear. Daddy Fontay will never get that over. I don't get how many. Take over. Get any what? Great. Come on. I don't know what one word. I'm so good to hear. Well, let me tell you something. My crock, Nick, friend. I'm going to make so much trouble for you. You'll know what it was. Come and lawyer. I have nothing. I know almost every big lawyer in New York. Who the hell are you? Who the hell are you? 205 at 5.60. WCOM. He's now starring in horse heads New York. Which of these people or things do you care about? There is a place called horse heads New York. I know. Oh. And 20,000 troops scheduled to come home in a weekend or what is it say about a fruit? But they may have to stay down to the three months. They lied to him. Again. Yeah, they're looking for. They got the date marked in the calendar. Oh, guess what? Get another calendar. Mark another date. Because you've got another three months. And then they will decide again. Maybe another three months after that. We didn't say this year. Right. Good planning. That's going W and all your neocon chicken hawks. 595 votes. We're doing fairly well considering considering that we're I don't understand one thing. Yes. Yesterday. Well, when Voker came in he said, but this is like a ghost town. There's nobody here here in the building. Right. Well, both. And this morning I came in here. It was like I'm not coming fairly early. But geez. It's like, well, I thought the holiday thing was all over with. They've been having these meetings around here. I mean, I was worried about why. I don't know. I'm not included. Who's having the meetings? Well, I've just came out of one. Let's ask him. I don't think we want to hear about what that was all about. Not on the year. Which of these people or things can you care about least? 595 votes? NASCAR 180. Donald Trump 126. Horse racing 66. Israel 61 Arnold Palmer 59. Samuel Coot. Golf hole. Fox News 51 sports talk 48 7.9% almost 8%. How do you like that clearance? And by the way, get off those horrible things off the year. Those regions they're doing on the sports shows. Those attempt people attempts at comedy. Man, that stuff is cock on man. It's horrendous. It's awful. MSNBC 6 and CNN still got only 4 out of 601 votes. They trust MSN CNN. Even OCN right now, Scott. Of course, we'd like to see other countries. That bitch on here from the Pentagon. They even know that the shirt and hotel got hit again. I don't have time to do this before to break. Don't let me forget this article about the FCC. Right. The public ends in ball of stuff that's going on. Nothing's going to change anything. Also, panel says, Bursa repeated warnings. I got time for that. And Brittany. Brittany may get a wrong reality TV show. Nicky. Well, maybe not well. Back in the day, she might only make it. I didn't know. No, no, no. That's since that Janet Jackson deal. Depends on the channel. She wants to show it. And somebody's somewhere. You kidding me? She's. We want to see it. Hot to try. Brittany's spirit's naked in Pompano Park in our hot to try celebration this weekend. Wouldn't it be something? See it. I'm going to go ahead. Brittany is. So, sister's brother's rose. Joe and Pete. But at any rate. It's the best we can do on a low budget. 560. Here's the ideal. By the time a CIA briefer gave President Bush the August 2001 presence. Daily brief. The PDB. Headline. Been allowed in the term of the strike in the US. The president had seen a stream of alarming reports alarming reports on al-Qaeda's intention, so says this morning's Washington Post. So, advice President Cheney and Bush's top national security team according to newly declassified information, released yesterday by the Commission investigating 9.11. In April and May of 2001, for example, the intelligence community headlined some of these reports been lawden planning multiple operations. Been lawden networks plans advancing and been lawden threats are real. The intelligence included reports of a hostage plot against Americans. It noted that operatives might choose the hijack in aircraft or stormy US embassy. Without knowing when or how the terrorist would strike, the CIA consistently described the upcoming attacks as occurring on a catastrophic level indicating that it would cause the world to be in turmoil, according to one of two staff reports released by the panelists today. And that bitch, Condoleezza, goes on and says, well, you know what I mean? We knew Al-Qaeda was bad, they were evil to us, but we didn't have the exact time placed in date. They didn't set a telegram saying, hey, be waiting for us over here on the street corner. Like those geniuses that were shooting up the cars, you know? Now, hold in my hand, my hand, my shorts. Reports similar to these were made available to President Bush in the morning meetings with George Tenith commission staff said, The information offers the most detailed account of today of the warnings the intelligence community gave top Bush administration officials, and it provides the context in which the CIA briefer put together a memo on Osama, Yama, and the logistics briefer Bush. So if the Clinton people wouldn't have had to be tied up with Monica and a blue dress in the stains in all that crap for like two or three years, and a $70 million they wasted on that, and if the Bush people wouldn't have been so intent on worrying about when we got to be able to invade Iraq, what excuse are we going to use, et cetera. And of course, the drug, the war on drugs, and the war on porn, and all these other real evil things in the country. Words and war naked statues and the word police, all of these things, maybe then maybe something might have been done. And when the FBI's got two of the guys addresses and phone numbers, phone numbers, they're going to give them a call. Well, what did you planning these terrorist attacks? Thank you. Yeah. Oh, that's right. I forgot. We had a couple of interpreters, but they were facts. So they got a fight. Yeah. We had to get rid of them. Err, it's speaking fake. Yeah. Thrat, smoth their heads. 10 past noon at 5.60. WQAM. Bush, Mr. Terny General, Governor, thanks very much for joining us. Well, my God, the things he's the former governor of Pennsylvania. Yeah, we know. He's boring as you are, Wolf. Hey, if you're going to do that in job like Wolf Blitzkrieg. Oh, he's good. He's man. Whatever they're paying him, it's too much. You know what I mean? Yeah. I tell you how many dollars a week I'd pay him. But third man. If you, that's all you're making. Maybe you're underpaid over work. How'd you like to get yourself? If Todd's wreck doesn't give me some copy tomorrow. I know. I'm going to burn this in F.A.G. if him. I'm going to burn a statue in a, he is the worst. There is nobody I have never in all the years have been in this business. Worked with anybody. In addition, which I've never worked with people who just don't care who won't make these people responsive, who will not hold their feet to the fire. Wouldn't you love the hold of his feet to the fire? Because he's insured and you are. Thought you tower over him. His feet? Oh, no. Yeah. His ass. Would he like to hold his ass to the fire? Talk about that thing. Burning Royads. Do you know what we can't play that normal? Anyway, if your job sucks, if you don't have a paycheck, it's what they mean. Call fast train. That can't be trained in certified for a high paying, computer never professional career in his little foreshort months. That's correct. You can be fully trained already for that great new career in just four short months count them if you can. Fast train offers day evening. We can classes to fit around your schedule and they offer your job placement assistant. Financially, the guys who qualify and with seven convenient fast train locations all around. This body will in your by you. So if you're sick and tired of working for nothing, if you're like a worth of crap and you want to start getting yourself some real training. So give a real job and a big paycheck goes along with it. Check them on to the web at fast train. Come and then make that call at 1 8 6 6 fast train. And when you talk to our friends at fast train, tell them, please get that Todd Rekoff as ass. My local, we're sports radio 5, 60, 20. Yeah. So, see what those greatest piece of ass I have. I've not had them all over the world. Ah! The little Eastern world will be exploded to dumb and people give. With the gas that we sold him, first time a grister nation and they only won that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going. Forget about Korea. The nooks they're toasting that the right queen is really hit over and over and too hard it. Ah! Daddy Rekoff has some. The weapons of past instruction. 3,000 people killed. Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be clouded. Going after satown to play Kato Sama. There's no longer mention of, and may be in lot of it. But no one seems concerned of, comfy and complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel it in a station. That controls us by fear through leading a manipulation and a right queen. It's thrilling and over and over and too hard it. And I recognize the weapons of past instruction. Ah! The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash crop this season. I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying, I know beauty and cattle don't have any reservations. Out of provoke, fatta lents, world and isolation. Old regimes must fall and have a virgin and stoke, which know objection that old, till the crap don't have the balls and the right queen is really hit over and too hard. The rate was hit. I racked myself and made the past instruction. Oh my God. Only I racked myself and made the past instruction. Ah! From 18 to 560 WQM, Fox viewers most misinformed. What is it? Or did she surprise that a different study? No, it's the same old study. But back in the day when they did the first time. Viewers of Fox News are the most misinformed and national survey reported October 2nd. October 2nd, this is from 11.103. If you're going to fast me stuff, at least have it sometime in my lifetime. God, why not that long, go away? That's that low. The PIPA knowledge that was pulled of 334 adults found that 67% of Fox viewers incorrectly thought U.S. had clear evidence that Sonom was working with Alkhara, compared with 56% of those of a lot on CBS, 49% NBC viewers, 48% for CNN, 45% for ABC, 40% for readers of news papers and magazines, and just 16% for PBS slash NPR people. Fox viewers also led misconceptions about in other words brainwashing is what they're talking about. Fox also led in misconceptions about Iraq's weapons and mass destruction is 33% breed wrongly that the U.S. had found WMDs in Iraq followed by 20% for viewers of CBS, 20% for NBC and CNN, 19% for ABC and just 17% for PBS NPR, 11% for people who read print readers. How do you like that? Yeah. You're going to like this. Minister dies from snake by during Easter Churches. You're right. How you like that? A lot. Rose Hill, Virginia. The Minister of a Church in Far South, Wife, Virginia has done after being bitten by a snake during church services. He has fallen. He ain't rising no more until you're that. In fact, that's what they were saying about the snake. Oh, look, I'm afraid of his risen. Authority said that Reverend Dwayne Wong of Rose Hill was bitten by rattlesnakes on the afternoon and refused to seek medical treatment. He died early Monday this home. He refused to seek medical treatment. Faithful. He'll hit not. Lee County Sheriff Kerry Parsons says long was a minister in a petacostal church. Well, that's plain's that. Where members practice serpent handling. They wrestle with him snakes. Back in there, I could say something about that, but I can't know anymore. Parsons says long was holding a rattlesnake during an Easter service when the snake bit him on the back of a finger. He says the congregation prayed for the minister, but no one, including long sought medical treatment. The sheriff says he doubts any charges will be far because his words it's their belief. Why don't they take a day charge the snake? They also drink strict night. Do they really? Yes, they do. What? Talk to how God will not let them die. Oh, all right. So God must have been picked off in here. To show just how strong you believe the more you drink, the more you believe, right? Right. So, right. If you really believe to put a gun in your mouth. Yeah, and pull the trigger in. Yeah. Just like that dog, maybe the maybe Jason Williams dog was a pedicoster. Could have been. He was just testing the space in the Lord. That's all cheese. I hate when dogs often themselves like that. 560560, pound, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Got many, many open lines here. Man, we're doing screenless all this year. Maybe next year we'll put him on whole of anything. I'm lucky. WQAM, hello. Yeah, John. Hi, John. I want to talk about local politics. Well, I'll talk to somebody else about it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, man. The pain is so where's my strict time when I need the most over there in that meat jar? Give me a glass. Give me a jug full. Oh, now back in the day we could say something about that too. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Hi. This is one of your favorite PO officers up here at Wayne Beach. All right. Got a quick question. I'm on Amazon.com. You know they got a were 11,000 books about AT&T. And? And I'm trying to find that one that you recommended a couple years ago for that. Charles Stempleton. What's the name of it? Sir, well, we got. Very well to guide. Right. Okay, that's all I need to know. Thank you very much. You're a love at Palli. All right. I'm going to be a quick meeting. Thank you. Farewell, though. Oh, I can't wait for that day. Oh, Halle, Lua. I'm thinking I'm planning now. It's only 2.5 years away. Plus, you see, here's the way I do it to keep myself going. I think about those two months in a summer time when I only worked two days a week. Right. July and August. So we got like, uh, what? Two of those? Correct. Or three of those? Three of those? So there's six months right there. So now it's that a two and a half years. Now all of a sudden, it's two years. Just like that. And then, and then there's the six year weeks of your six years of week vacation, I get. So six weeks times two and a half is what? Fifteen. Last time I tried. So 15 weeks is like another, uh, almost a third of a year. Now we're down like, uh, you're in the two thirds. See? See the way this is going? Then you get those holidays, you know? You get the major holidays and a couple of the jewel holidays. Now we're down to like about maybe a year and a quarter. Keep cycling. I'm a little bit more old. Right. Bye. See ya. See ya, girl. Bye bye. Bye bye. Maybe we could have guilty in Justin's Higabra with a little, uh, Rukhontas going here. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. I love it. So where the hell is Gildy really? Okay. He gets a can or something going on. He's probably looking for a job. It's just on vacation. No, he's not. 560. Let's take a some story. Okay. That's what they like in these sports nerds. Oh, yeah. Well, you can make up anything you want. Clarence, you win. Okay. You're so sad. He makes me want to cry. WM. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing man? Pretty good. Welcome to Children Playing Radio. Uh, uh, is your postal about things you, uh, uh, think about the least or whatever? Yeah. Yeah. I went out to say it's Shannon's boobs. Oh, I'm good. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and ride me to Genet Rina. Yeah, Genet Rina was boobies. In fact, wouldn't that have been something during hearing yesterday? If she said, I'm going to show that Genet check to think you're doing this. Ripped that one of those red. Oh, man. Oh, woo. I think I think emotions might have been sagging at the hearings. And that wouldn't have been all. Man, oh, man alive. Can you just see that now? No, thank you. And then when he starts seeing that thing shaking like her hands in the. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's a fantastic. Woo. She takes us like a bullfoolgeal. Anyway, 658 votes, which of these people are things you care about at least like that last call? NASCAR 196, Donald Trump 136, horse racing 75, except of course for Pompeo Park. Israel 66, Arnold Palmer's 60. He only wishes it could see 60 again. But then again, so to why? Fox News 59, sports talk Q 56. Now, how appropriate is that? Army 56 that's 8.5% 8.5% of the Saudi and city just can't stand sports talk. MSNBC 6 and CNN still got only four. The number of votes keeps rising dramatically. Here's 650, but CNN man, they know what they love it. They trust it, which goes to show it's a problem. PBS NPR, do you want to learn something? Go online and read, go on our website. Read the bedtime stories. You find something out like, I don't have time. Make it a part of your year. Yeah, you forget to remind me. Oh yeah, read that thing. To a read this thing about the FCC. And I, you know something, I don't want to get even. I've done my thing, you know. Right. But what's the point? But what can you do? Not much, but I will read that story. If you remind me. Okay. Don't forget. When? 26 past noon back in the day, I would remember myself, but I'm getting to be very long in the two days. No, where did that expression come from? Your teeth don't go long. Not even. Bonyx. Actually, I think they do. What? Grow longer? Your teeth grow longer. No, you don't. Your teeth don't grow. Your teeth are like, sorry. You explained, J. That's a cober. Grow. Some dead. You know, you've got to go on any more? No, no, no. Or any less. Yeah. And you get those long teeth. They get from a dog. As Bella, I think what they do is like dog thing. Like the dogs get long. Oh man. K9s. Give us your golden retrievers teeth. Yes. Man, it's good thing the real gentle and gentle. You know. Man. Starley. They could do some real damage, especially to like a little 10 pound dog that wants to like grab a bone away from there or something like that. That's when you really see those gentle, wonderful breed of dog. Yeah. Like that. Oh man. He would just get psychotic. When a little piece of crap would come dancing around. See, the thing when he have little dogs, if you give both dogs a bone. You know, the little ones that are happy with the one he's got. They're like, we did. Right. That's her. Oh, I want yours. But that year's over. I don't want it. I want yours. Here's his better. But it's the same. Now here's his better. I want it because you had it. And then of course, the big dog. Ah, like that. And just about takes his head off. And then he kind of like backs away and goes and takes a nap. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Zero cash. Three nine five lend. And get the low rate mortgage you deserve. Then move to your next property. We know for the cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fee. Zero closing costs. Even when you move to another property. Get the new low financing rate of just one point. Two five percent. Never pay closing costs. Again, with the only one mortgage from financial. Group here's that number for all the details. called one eight six six three nine five lend. One eight six six three nine five L E N D. The Renequil housing lender. Which you should know by now. Restressants apply rates. something to change monthly 4.21 APR Each week about 40 million households tune in to CSI Cramcy Investigation, featuring the cerebral guild grism, or CSI Miami with a compassionate heracial cane, the success of the franchises both of the CBS fortunes for several years, a CSI New York is even in a works. In addition to familiarizing the public with various lab test chemicals and other tricks of the Cramcy Intrade, viewers also get a realist to compete with an actman of various violent crimes, a kind of inside the body of view of death. A recent show, for example, depicted a bullet rattling around a victim of skull, then lodging in her ear with accompanying sound effects. Is this in decent programming? Depending on the view as squeamish level, a reasonable argument can be made that these scenes are more in decent than either Janet Jackson's breast, or remarks made by radio personality Howard Spurham. Should Congress the FCC the Bush administration and various pro censorship advocate groups target CBS and its top rated shows? Since Jackson's ill-fated Super Bowl halftime wardrobe malfunction, the nation jumped on the indecency bandwagon perhaps like no time in its history. Suddenly the laws that have been placed for years are being revamped and finds increased geometrically. In the first three months of 2004, the FCC leveled in decency finds totally more than a million dollars according to the Center for Public Integrity, this amount exceeds the previous nine years combined. Finds and not only becoming more frequent are getting costlier, rather than hand out one fine, regulators are penalizing each utterance of deemed illegal. A recent published report in Trade Magazine broadcasting in cable reveals that the FCC is going to find an infinity broadcasting more than a hundred thousand for a stern broadcast. This round of finds will add to the nearly two million already paid by infinity for stern show since 1995. And to the upheaval the House voted 3901 to 22 in favor of the broadcast decency enforcement act, which increases the maximum find the FCC can end out from $27,500 to a half a million dollars. More importantly, the new legislation enables the regulatory body to find and retains directly, not just the companies they work for as court guidelines stipulate, the Senate has yet to vote on this bill. It's not much of a stretch to see the political motivation behind this movement, and general terms the kind of people of support restrictions against the decent programming. Our voters George W. Bush is seeking, while those who don't want limit free speech are usually in democratic challenger John Kerry's camp. For a bigger picture perspective though, these changes lay this down a slippery path. The issue at hand is adding to attempting to adequately define an decency profanity of sending other terms used to label art and expression. The FCC's in decency for example hinges primarily on sex, decrying language or material that in context depicts or describes in terms patently offensive as measured by the problem is that the FCC has developed its own universal definitions for these terms, but they fly an opposition to the idea free speech with Zative 5 which is a defining American trait. People simply do not want a governing body or anyone really telling them what they can or cannot watch, listen to a read. Established by the Communications Act of 1934, the FCC regulates interstate and international radio television, wire satellite and cable communications, however during the great depression and had a simpler charter to ensure that radio that is latest technological innovation serve the public by broadcasting valuable government information like weather reports and educational programming. Oh, here's the weather. The scope of the FCC seemed clear but a closeness charter related to the notion of public interest gave the regulatory body almost a limited power in exercising this power the FCC concentrated on fraud and enforcing standards of decency. The star reaching powers backed by federal appeal score in 1975 which declared Congress has made the FCC the guardian of that public interest. Despite the government decision social norms change and performance such as comedian George Carlin fought back, his indecency case went before the Supreme Court 1978 the Supreme Court ruled against Carlin effectively banning the seven swear words from being broadcast during hours when children could hear them. The challenge in today's battle is that supposedly non-political enforcement of FCC regulations sniffs of a political agenda. FCC chairman Michael Powell is particularly suspect considering that he sent a secretary of state colon Powell, the bipartisan commission appears to be waging a political witch hunt which has both sides of the dispute in an upper or critics contend that a bit of panoring the conservatives especially in the name of saving children from indecency helps the current administration in its re-election efforts. As soon as the reports surface about possible fines against steering he told his audience that the battle was political since he'd recently started public criticizing Bush. In a tight election vote the radio person now is approximately even in listeners could have consequences if properly mobilized. Ironically for all the bluster coming from the FCC the regulatory body really has very little power over what people view its jurisdiction is limited to broadcast television and radio stations. Yes the FCC may succeed me moving steering from the air waves but can do little or nothing about cable TV satellite radio the internet other forms of media outside of its boundaries so far. So where does Janet Jackson's breast fit into this mess? Like the Lucco crystal violet grissam and cane used to detect trace amounts of blood at the CSI crime scene Jackson's ridiculous plea for attention serves as an assalamant giving today's puritanical crusaders reason to go after people in ideas they don't like. Think of what you can see her latest seat is think of that when you see her latest ed on the shelf when you walk into the election booth in November. What do you say? One of the parts that I like is about the FCC wasn't created for that in 1934. It was so everyone could have a place on the year. Right. You know you fill out your little you're doing your community service are you putting a weather on you have some public service programs on a weekend when everybody's asleep when you're eating. All right that's right you're not the you know running 85,000 watts when you're supposed to be running 500 if the answer is yes you're okay think of there was a federal print commission who would put up with that to censor newspapers, textbooks, and cycle you will put up with it. They decide that you will put up with it. They have that. They have a right 221 at 560 WQAM as the beat goes on. Let me just say it again for my good friend Troy balance for life. Your food is excellent. Your program is sensational. Stop delivering food to my house. I've never had an experience like this before. I keep telling Troy Stratford. All number 23. Call up your other butter. Your other Troy and tell him stop. Stop. I'm as big as a house. I don't want any extra food. The food is delicious. You'll have balance for life because they bring a little black sack in fact Maybe they ought to bring you the black sack instead of me. I don't want it. I don't want it. I'll take it. No. Inside your black sack is the food you'll need for the whole day. Every day they bring another sack. It's by your door by six o'clock at a M. And inside your sack three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks fresh delicious goodies. No preservatives. No chemicals nothing frozen just fresh great food Just imagine it's kind of a program for you. No shopping, no cooking, no cleaning, no calories to count, no carbs to count nothing to finger out. In fact people are losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with this program called balance for life based on the zone diet and those own diets have been proven to lower your blood sugar high cholesterol and high blood pressure too. So if you want to stay alive, this could be the answer you've been searching for. And now if you ever wanted to try the South Beach diet here's your chance because balance for life is the closest thing you'll ever find because it's the only meal delivery company that offers you many choices that let you go from phase one to phase three of that South Beach diet. Field the difference see the results on that scale like almost right away. Call them today what it got to lose beside that debilitating fat called balance for life at one 866 2 2 5 45 43 that's one 866 2 2 5 45 43 or check them on a web at balance for life.com and get that black sack yeah I took a call for the e-bonics they said the future be bad for me now again gets no job cause I don't got no delivery fee as talking like a no big roll if I didn't talk the how this way now I can't do nothing but my heritage says that's okay change my name to shoot road driver do send a code in a can I remember when I was stealing all the white men cause hanging out died the building their bro the blues bought a tea white Dallas cups old yeah I's to go and como rwe  thank you Lonnie, what a boring song. If I'm a snake, it's sound funny. God's nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make my money. Live a fool, sounds good to me. I've got plenty of nothing. If I'm a thing, get me anywhere. Maybe I'll look in a old white bitch. Steel a first and full of hair. Then I gonna take some money by a stereo and a fridge a day. I remember when I was dealing all the white men's golf hanging outside the building day of the barn, ground the blues that bothered me. Why there was got so job-oving and... I thought he'd find a good kid, my life would change now. God's the go win their mow crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. Crack-o-k. He's that day's unnoticed craft inside a car wreck. Up next to the amazing stupid guy. I'll give a little tease they should have had. He'll be in tradition John Kerry at City College in New York, CC and wine. And I put it on. I thought they were gonna play a little audio. And as soon as the U.S.D.E.Y. would commercial break on CNC. But these people trust CNN, man. They love it. They can't get enough of it. Which of these people are things you care about the least? 718 votes CNN's gonna only five they're in the bottom. MSNBC, only seven. Sports talk, by the way, has got 60 tied with Fox News 60. That's 8.3% of fees. 8.3% of the Saudi is still on a heroes' sports talk. They'd rather croak. They'd rather drink strict 9. They'd rather wrestle but a damn serpent. Then listen to sports talk. I don't blame him. 60 for that, 60 for Fox News. Arnold Palmer, 60, it is we climbed the ladder. Although Arnie, he has fallen. Israel, 73. He can get past the first run. Forget about the second hole. He can get past the first run. Israel, 73. Don't be a yenton. Oh, he's racing 81. Donald Trump, 147. And NASCAR, man, is the killer. 217. So John and South Carolina, remember he facts just they suggested. But not leaving well enough alone. See? Can't leave well enough alone. Today he facts isn't says. And I really am so sorry, John, because I try to be a good guy. NASCAR was not only a good suggestion. It's winning the poll. But he's not happy enough with that. It's got the poll position. This is, I know it's your poll thing, but I just thought of one if you don't mind. Well, I do mind. Especially when it's this. It says being that Bush couldn't remember. In other words, he wouldn't answer the questions. Last night's what he's trying to say. Being Bush couldn't remember how about a poll of the biggest mistakes he's made since being an office. We don't have that much room on the poll. Okay, Joe. The time to build it. Right. There isn't that much time left, especially if he gets elected again. Believe you me if they steal another one. Does anybody believe the election results are going to be like the MS? No, no. Now. Bob and Tallahassee as an explanation. Our dilemma about teeth. We have a dilemma about getting along on the tooth. Oh, that one. He says the reason we go along on the tooth is because as we age, our guns received your teeth don't get longer. Just stay here. It looks like he's like right. And prison. It comes to our poor. Your eyebrows used to be. He's right. That's why Mo looks like that. Absolutely. But it does look like it. Like old people had long teeth. I'm listening. That's good. It's Mo. Squeeze the bag once for us. Now back in the day, we could make the sounds of most squeezed in that bag, but not no more. Well, that's the sound he's making. So we make it with our mouth. No. You can do it a little raspberry. Once a while. That's it. That's as close as you can come. No fart sounds. Where did that come from? Are we just made it up? Yeah, they did. I thought it was two bag words, too. Right. The golf bag and golf hole. They just made those up. They even pulled them right out of their. I'm going to tell you the A. Oh, I don't buy that. I'm not. I don't care what. I don't give a crap. I don't buy that. It's not a word. I know. But especially if you're a spent time in Canada, A. Oh, a day keeps the ground hog away. That's what they say. Leafs and Ottawa and I game four that series boy at least could somehow steal this one man. Being good shape. Being the driver's seat in that series. It's always choking and gagging again. They can't beat any of the eagle baby. Keep him alive and healthy. So we can't say that figure of speech either any of that. He doesn't know his ass from a. See golf. From a golf in the ground. Right. From a golf in the ground. You can say golf hole. Okay. If my Parker approves of it. Random Sandler. He doesn't always ground hog from a hole in the well. Whatever. You just said it. What? You just said a hole. 5. 5. I mean, that's just. Seriously. I can't deal with people in our soul. No, look at it. I mean, if you're that nervous about it, definitely because you should just go home. Okay. Go home. I have a good time. I can't even imagine what you'd be doing with each other. But just go do it and enjoy it. Laff a lot. You know, but. Oh, please. I mean, you talk about caring things to an extreme. And that's my bad. I mean, I told you I asked them. And no matter. Oh, let's call corporate and find out. Can we say hello? Oh, goodbye. Have a nice day. Wednesday, Tuesday, Saturday. No, no, no. No, no, no. Right. None of these things. All we can do is give ball scores. And then put the big on here to talk very seriously about. Seriously, I thought he was going to have a stroke this morning. He was so like whipped up about this stuff. I mean, it's one thing to be enthusiastic about your work. Right. But he takes this stuff in the most humorless. I mean, like he's delivering earthshattering news. Man, oh, man. Big. Oh, yeah, that's true. He's got one of those two. Oh, calm down a little bit. Lighten up. Lighten up. He's passionate. No, he's not. Well, obviously, there he goes again. I hope you had a good time. You know, this Cubans man. Talk about being in bed together. They give a new one. Me and do it. Oh, which of these people are things you care about to least? I just got through doing that. I just want to make sure they understand the poll. They don't get it. I had nothing to start to get it. You think? By Friday, they should get a real good. I was thinking of getting it. Britney's getting wheel for TV series. Is broadcast television ready for Britney Spears? No. Representatives for the pop princess are shopping a reality series featuring backstage footage of her life on tour. Now, we're sure it's how not going to have to see what that little tour parway. Bye, bye, bye. Or that redneck from Louisiana that she supposedly was married to for about ten minutes. Being pitched with a pun style title on tourage. Or neckhute on tourage. I get it. I get it. The series would follow the lives of the Spears and her fellow dances on the upcoming European leg of the onix hotel tour for steamy concert series. Oh, I think you can forget about this. On tourage is being described as a cross between MTV's The Real World and 1991's Madonna, Truth or Dare. Spears would I don't remember that, do you? Yes. And well, what the truth or dare movie? Yeah, bad. But what a surprise. Spears would narrate even wheel the digital camera. Oh, I can't even imagine where she'd put that. The chronicle her adventures with her dancers, body guards and managers from the tour bus to the stage to the toilet to the bedroom to you name it. Get a 98-year easy. Even Michael Paube, watch an ad. It's a good thing he said him that towel. The six week shoot, excuse me, the six week shoot would produce six episodes that Spears team would hope to have on a year as early as the summer presumably providing a boon to the already healthy ticket revenue. She's generating. Spears speak at a boon, I think, or more likely to get a reality series featuring Pat boon and Britney Spears. Speaking of boon, or maybe Debbie boon. No word on whether any of the particular networks host a deal, but the front running network will have to act fast. Spears European tour kicks off in London April 27. Another potential hitch. The budget is projected to run north of a million dollars per episode, which is mighty expensive by unscripted standards. Represent Aveshorspears, which service executive producer declined comment late Monday. Not exciting? I'm excited. I can't get over that part about her wielding that digital camera. Where's she's going to put it? Right. I want to see Britney digital. I bet you do. You want to see her digit? Where do you want to see it? Oh, I'm sorry. Ah! Up where? 567560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Oh, I love this one. New reports on the US Pantheon WMDs in Iraq. So those of you who are waiting for that October surprise. Oh, look what we found over here. See if he keeps making jokes about it. I'm not over here. Oh, here they are. Finally. Finally, find a persistence pays off. Take a lot of time to file those serial letters. I'm going to go to the website by the way, it's on theorgias.com. Which we work frantically and feverously. I mean, we got a lot of you people out there. I just want to see the nude pictures. Like today, we got Patsy Kinsit. See. See, isn't he? 50,000 movies at least. Maybe not 50 more. About 30, man. Thousand. Every movie that ever came down to Pikes, she was in it. WQAM Hello. Yeah, I'm all in the big O. They blew. Thanks for the good news. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. I was watching our third last night and it was our house. Frank, it was on and it's kind of nice to see somebody that's so against the public and come on the air now. I just had a quick question there. What is basically just the bottom line as far as why we have higher oil prices? What does that mean? What do you mean what's the bottom line? In other words, is it because another, it's far as the record. As far as the push. You know what I mean? Is it something that he's done exactly for us? Well, go notice the all that great oil is coming from a rack every day. Not. I'll get nothing. And go to see the public, don't you see the bush in the house of south that they're in business together? Sure you better get with it. Okay, better wake up and smell the daffodils. Yeah, it's a real tough one. It's a real brainer. Let's put it. OPEC No, no. No, it's starting again with our friends. Okay, that's all of our buddies, all right? It's called rape and we like any rape that we're like moon every time. Absolutely. Yeah, telly eight to us. Right for our evil deeds. Right. And there's a reason for a good deal with it. So just to pay up and cut the crap. Okay, quit complaining. Who's complaining? Here's. I don't pay a dime for gas and Toronto. Right? No car. Don't need no car. You got that radiator? Why? It's gonna choke. That was an Amsterdam. That was an Amsterdam. Yeah. Rainier. Yeah, electric heat in Toronto. Yes. And it's very dry and it drives out your nasal passages. It's hard boogers. Yeah. And then if you pick them in chew them, it's really good for you. I can't get over that story. It was like a real news story. Only the bris would do that, you know? Yeah. The bris of course enjoyed their spotted. We can't even say that. No more. 1257 at 560 WC have been putting off that home improvement night. And this is the end of the year. Because you're afraid of a home improvement night. Merin. Instead. Well, here's the way to get some sweet dreams. Because diet and design concept builders is the answer you've been searching for. Design concept builders has been more of the top home remodlers in South Florida. Since 1983 for the following reasons. They're 100% customers at a special with their no excuses policy. No BS. They refuse to have any unhappy customers. They offer quality work for a price and design concept builders exclusive five year labor warranty. So why take the risk of a nightmare or anything you do into the house new addition kitchen bathroom windows any other project called design concept builders at nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six or find them on the web It design concept builders dot com. Find an incident available with no payments for six months with a proof credit. You can also get you a 10% discount on all your remodeling through the end of this month only with design concept builders. Check them on the web again. And that is a design concept builders dot com and make that call nine five four seven one eight sixty seven sixty six five and local this sixty five sixty three years old yours. You. You. But heads it's the one to two hour. My name is president George S. W. W. W. Bush and approved of this shag and because I thought it was pretty good. And I know you will do. I had someone in office who would be concerned about perils attacks from Saudi Arabia. This is pretty spend or been sorted. You are likely not to be aware that city bank visa and master cloud up at a few aspects of your life that are owned by Saudi Arabia. Just take a look at the small print on the back of your credit cards. President motion has loyalist realize it would have been foolish to retaliate against Saudi Arabia for the 9 eleven attacks. So we are patiently providing funding for attacks upon your country. Do you mind. Yeah. So there is no harm in telling you who same was a tip. It was the sort these all along both for the Bush and teacher thanks for this message made for the guy your friends at city bank and the international Islamic. What he did for the nation. Well, to a five sixty W. W. W. W. Maddo come up and talk about Jim Manich. Mr Hall of Fame college football college. Whatever he is. I can't believe that he's a golf guy and I just it just is so in it just didn't make any sense. You know. I don't I got friends. It would be like if he came in one day all dressed up you know like in Lace and Nailans and stuff. It just you know that would make more sense. What did he's a job right. Oh, that's right. He takes showers with other guys. But I mean this idea of a golf. Oh, it's just so pottery. It's so boring to hot. Right here. Yeah. Well, am I anywhere when they play when have the big tournament generally? And like I said, Canada, the only thing if Mike were like Mike were didn't make the cut in the mess. Here's an that's the end of that. What a curb by the rest of it. Work too busy with the stand a couple of offs baby. Oh, but he did have a good point yesterday when he's channel surfing and don't stop on a hockey anymore. That's the NHL's fault. That's Gary Bebman. That's Bob Goodnan. That's a bunch of idiots who don't know how to promote their game in this country. I hate to break the news to you boys and girls, but other than a few of the like the original 16s like Boston Detroit. New York meaning the ranges which don't have no team and Chicago which don't have no team. But other than that, the hockey strictly Canadian sport and European. It's so regressing. It's making jog in and if they're dumb enough to like to have the lockout next year and have no season. Well, good luck to them. Good luck to them. Good luck to Rimmer. Good luck to Jeff Cohen. You think Jeff Cohen's going to bring us a whole lot of soda because I know this way you're just right on the edge of a caffeine-free diet. Pepsi to combine and say hi. Yeah. And that would be fine just don't bring any food which is- No, but it can bring some caffeine-free diet soda when it comes by tomorrow. Pepsi, Pepsi, not Coke. We don't like Coke on a show. No Coke, Pepsi. No Coke. I think the president though if he had a choose he likes Coke better than Pepsi. And Rush, he's a popper. He blows. Girl and Rex survives 10 days on noodles and gatorade. Do you see this cute little girl? Yes, and did. Are you saw the story? This morning. Ruby Booster Monte. Oh, oh, oh, and I don't tell me it's the end of the world out there again. If it's raining again, I'm out of here and so it begins. Seriously, we just had another Florida flicker in the craft and though- Careful. What is that? No seriously. What the hell was that all about? I don't know. I'll talk about flicker. Go take a quick run and look out that window out there. I mean, if this is going on again today, I thought, well, you know, it's just a couple of really bad days. It's my bad luck. I brought the storms in the rain. Everybody's been telling me how beautiful the weather is here. And yesterday was like 87 degrees for us to fall away. It's like the summertime already. Hot humid and cold. Not far south partly cloudy. So what the hell was that? Just us. Was that an act of God? Oh, God. Oh, a five-year-old girl is in stable condition. They had day after she was just carried by high-war workers near the scene of a car crash. And killed her mother about 10 days ago. Ruby Booster Monte survived by drinking gatorade and eating dried noodles found in the car. This is, this is amazing. And that? Got tilley beat. Police believe Norma Booster Monte 2016 drove off a highway in your abandoned California about 70 miles east of downtown LA, plunging 400 feet over the guard wheel to her death. It appears that the crash to collision occurred 10 days ago. We're not exactly sure how long it's been. We're assuming it's been 10 days because of the amount of time that they've been missing. Clark said, police believe Ruby and her mother reported missing from nearby India, California. And a bunch of workers found her 150 feet down the Stephen Bankman surviving by, oh, they also found the very decomposed body of the child's mother. Oh, brother. Oh, there it is. What a story. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Screenless of course, we got one blind ring and boy, this is pretty weak. This is not what I had in mind when I was born. WQA and hello. Yeah, I mean, listen, I love this show and I think the administration, I don't know if you kind of misconstrued what I was trying to say. I mean, I mean, I mean, you called me for getting out of here. You didn't misconscrew. No. Don't, you know, I went to like part two. This isn't part Harvey page two. You know, what I'm doing that. You said your piece and I gave you a little answer, whatever, a little shot. And that's it. Don't I get all defensive about it? Call me back for like a picking up. See, if I want to do that, I can go home and talk to a bunch of yentres. Remember what that woman said in the newspaper? Don't be a yenta. Okay. Whatever her name was Sally in the deer field, right? Whatever it was. And haven't sure. Don't be a yenta. It's a very derogatory term in a very accurate one too, sweetheart. Okay. That's the problem that has made South Florida into the pit that it is today with lack of humanity and humility and consideration and decency and a friendliness. Old Jews and old humans have made it what it is today. Just like Montreal. Old frogs have made Montreal. What it is today. That's what English speaking people bailing out of Montreal. I craze. Are they? Yeah. See, one thing about Toronto. Guess what they speak English. Oh, no. Indians, Pakistanis, Chinese, Koreans, Canadians, everybody. Even the frogs have to speak English in Toronto. And you what's right into it. Are they? They're into it. Well, all depends on which way you walk. They're definitely into it. A lot of them. Five six. That's why I'm there. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon world. I wasn't looking for a. Like you're looking on the floor like his dog came in here. One idiot comes in and looks down on the floor like there's somebody crawling around. Oh, he's looking for most peace. His way is looking for. I'm listening. How is it that I'm the only one in the whole building that finds that it's just, I don't know. I'm dreaming. You're not the only one. What? That's what you're going to say. No, that that finds that there might be something we're deeming and know how we're David. That just, I don't know. Maybe you're not. The problem is obviously that it's like 100th of 1% of him. If it was like maybe 10%, you'd say, hey, he's got a chance. Maybe if we like try to get along with the better. If we go along with his new Cold War or hot war, but you know, this they are going to be a great event. But it's just too small of a part, too small of a, you know, peace, peace. Give peace a chance. What are you saying? Absolutely. WCWM, hello. Yes, sir. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I know I do who that is he mentioned it he just said that you're back in town and he got a Tom vows I didn't get to hear how to go, but Tom vows you're talking and we're talking and now you come down, you're, you're Tom Fox again. Well, what does that mean? Well, like, you know, you come down and you va Vielen people, but you don't, you're not like a player in the high and you come down from Trona, he said it's not like its really the top from a couple hende miles away. He mean like 1,200 miles away. What what, what decisions you make where you're sitting when attach. What kind of grandpa's act? I don't know this. I don't know this can't know as you or whatever. I never heard of him in my life. Have a great day, Pally. It's really easy to talk from a lot. Talk about what? What you talking about? Talk about how their station blows. I guess he's just looking for a little publicity attention over there because now that Stern is off big one. Oh, six. You saw that first week in the train. Yeah. You wait till the 20 out to this month, which is now only, uh, let's see. Two weeks from tomorrow. Buckets of tears in the sales. You talk about desperation, man. And there are numbers. You can't complain about the numbers. They're going to have because they're not going to have any resumes everywhere. Right. In fact, they're changing the logo now to not so big. 106. Yeah. They're going to say, hey, remember back in the day when we had audience? Dude. Dog. Remember their numbers before? Pre-howered. Right. Now the big. Oh. And now after Howard. Oh. Right. I mean, the drop that they miss seriously in just one week out of 12 weeks in the train, that is shocking. So it's going to be precipitous because it's going to include an entire month minus during the morning. Yeah. And I mean, I like the guess who when I like a step in Wolf, you know, what, uh, an up is enough already. You know, I'm saying, first the crap that they're playing over over and over. They're like a magic one or two points seven on acid. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, pal? I'm doing okay. Pally was up. Uh, nothing. Sup, just I just wanted to call you. What up? Hello. What up with that? Yes, sir. Um, then I've got a chapter. I saw last like presidential conference. No, we don't want to talk about that. Uh, why would I waste my time talking? I didn't watch it. And I wanted to discuss it. I mean, there's nothing. The idea of sitting around and talking about bush socks. He's a moron. We already know that. It's boring. Okay. It's terminal. It's ponderous. We already know that. Scary. And the point of it is you got a chance to vote against him in November to get rid of now if we vote by any humongous numbers and say bye, bye, bye. He's making human sacrifice out of hundreds and hundreds of American people over there. He's killing thousands, uncounted thousands of innocent bystanders who are just getting into the way of his plans. And you got a chance to go vote. So, you know, call me every day and I'm tired. He's boring to me. And when I'm boring. No, no. I watched the hockey games last night. And George would make fun of that. But in the meantime, it's much more exciting and interesting than watching Alfred E. Newman, right? Anything would do. In fact, I apologize to Alfred E. Newman because at least he's funny. Right. Which this guy is not. I just, I can't deal with it because he blows. WCWM. Hello. Not anymore. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Who cares what the president says? As long as I got my marlin string, right? There you go. Hey, exactly. Listen. I'm listening to Bob and Tom on the morning now on 90.7. And excellent choice. They're great. The best. Love you, Neil. Thanks. Bob and Tom, baby. Good choice. Two bad we can play most of their bits. One. What? What about Hitchham poop? Can we play that? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. What is coming in? Oh, how was it? Prison. No. Literally. Can't. No. Yeah. Oh well. But we, I tell you one thing. Oh, and you don't even have it in here. You know what? That's one of the reasons that I can't, I just can't be here. Because this DCS is like sterile, right? I'm, you have no idea. This is better here. I know I don't because I've for keep forgetting that you don't have anything in here. Because it'll send it to us. I mean, as soon as I get some good stuff, man, it goes to my DCS. It's loaded with all kinds of stuff. Especially now, now in the day, in this day, in age. When I have to make sure that everything I stick in, it would little star as to risk on it. So it's much easier. Right. It means a little septic. I've got like a little symbol right next to it. Yeah. Make sure I realize that it's been approved for a adult and juvenile audiences. And juvenile members of your government, including the FCC, and those five holes, golf holes. What's your these paper or things you care about least? NASCAR, leading the way to 137. Crap. Just garbage. Hillbilly Heaven. Donald Trump, 164 and spite of that TV show. I'd rather see the sorcerers of premise. Horse racing 92 is real 79. Boy! Enough of them already. Good no. And by the way, speaking of our fun, I've put a Yamatsa, right, aerial. He's eaten it by the box full. Arnold Palmer's 77. Fox News 70. Sports Talk 62. 7.7% of our audiences. There's nothing in the world they rather hear less than sports talk. Sports sports sports ball games. The big. I'll serious and better shape about. Oh, this one did this and this one did that and it's a really he needs help. Maybe you can counsel him. No, Miguel saw it. No, the better night. Miguel's pretty tight with him and. And what's the verdict? What is this? He had his tooth out. No, well, what's the problem with the big. Oh, well, what is he taking everything so seriously? Why is he so intense with his sports garbage? He's enthusiastic. No, no, no, no, it's not that. He's just he's like. In the same is what he is. He's like a crazy person. That's a bonus here. Yeah. 5 News 70. Sports Talk 62. MS and BCA and CNN still got only 6 votes out of 795. Almost 800 votes. We trust CNN. So we're in a lot of trouble folks. Because you people trust CNN. Can you believe that? Well, I mean, compared to what I think. I have any good choice. Oh, man, the lay person. Where are they going to go? Uh, you're right. No, that is the correct answer right there. Even though I voted for Arnold Palmer. That's that correct answer to be on the bottom. Right. Right. Now they're they're good. Well, patchy Kenseth. She's on our, uh, behind a be the curtain. If you're like over the age of 55 and he got 45 pieces of ID and you drive his license and social security card hold it up to the screen and 16 credit cards with picture ID. And John ice crop eyes don't move and look down at your crotch as long as you can do all of those things and pass the mustard test and the mustard plaster then you can take a quick peek at her. She's on there. Boobies and all. Now, once they got to come on, we have to put like, uh, some kind of curtain over there. Oh, that's just the regular beaded curtain. But like, you know, like a sheet over our people. We'll do one of those drawn bikini things. Mm-hmm. You know, or maybe some grouch or glasses. No, it'd be good. Or maybe we can put them on there in 3D. There you go. Yeah. Or we can put them on there in 3T. Ha ha ha ha ha. The order of their special classes for us. 3T. What's the T stand for? Can't tell you. 560560. It is so embarrassing and so juvenile and the rest of the world once again is looking at us and thinking, mhm. Mhm. What is going on there? You know what they say about how if the fish is rotten. It's rotten from the head down or, uh, it's thanks from that. Whatever. Think it was you. And this, this is what America's all about. We've got a bozo. We've got a simple thing for president. And, uh, this is what America's big enough that we ever had any rocket scientists. So many of them. But they've country is becoming dumber and dumber and dumber and less informed and less given a crap. And more religious. Woo. Now we're talking. WQA. Hello. Hello. Hello. Listen is. World coming to an end. All right. Think a lot of money on, uh, car insurance. There. Good. Good. I did. 560. Yeah. Easy. We've seen that spot. Hmm. Pretty weak. WQA. Hello. Yeah. Now you lost the listener. You're okay. Good. WQA. Hello. I want to find a way to get the online George. It's going to give it to me. Okay. Remember nice. Remember a hole. Uh, here's the deal. It's another guy. If what it takes, if what do we, I will, you've lost those. I don't care. See, if what it takes is for me to let you call in as many times as you want. Like this last bozo, uh, if you listen to the show, I'm sorry then. Bye. Bye. No deal. No. Not a deal. I've lost the listener because I didn't let him call back and complete his, uh, rant. Whatever it was. Uh, bye. See the overwhelming majority of people. Listen to any kind of a show. They don't, they don't make a qualification that, in order for them to listen. There has to be a deal for them to be able to call and say whatever they want. And as long as they want, nobody calls back to show more than once. Unless it was like maybe over the years, maybe five times if there was some special Extending waiting circumcise. And you made it pal. You're not it. Now you've lost the listener because you got my, have a great life. And these list them right now. They're a squeeze and his knee caps. Well, I nine WQAM hello. Hey, Neo. I was an hanging. I'm right. Hey, I got another reason for you to hate channel 10. What's with that, B. Sir? Well, I have that no talent podcast. And over doing some show, give me the mic where there's no talent. Boom. Tell us other people without talent that they have no talent. Yeah. It's unbelievable. And that guy only talks about is his house on the air coast. The one is both. And I say, who gives a fuck exactly well done. Very good. That was beautiful. Very well done. Right. That was skill. He was faster than I was. He was happy. Yeah. And he did a faster than me. Nice. God, pal. Castor Nova. Everybody's on the Apollo. Okay. Now that's going to be interesting. This next book when the book comes out two weeks from tomorrow. Let me see it again. You don't have it on there. It's a 29. Oh, you do have it on there in pencil. It's a regular little pen. Oh, two weeks from tomorrow comes the winter book. And this is going to be really, very interesting because it's going to separate the men from the Gui. That's really right. By talking to you, everybody in town. Everybody broadcast your everybody owns a radio. We'll be listening to my show on that thing. I'm listening. That's right. Especially Paul. Right. Because now the pressure is really on these. Use some of these people at the past. Well, we can't compete with Howard Stern. You know, he's number one and all these other markets. And we just, okay. He's gone. He's gone. Let's see. Put your numbers where your mouth is. Paul. Okay. Let's see. Let's see. Rip off artist extraordinaire. I mean, never had an original even. Seriously, what's his name? I was running into old Paul and Ron. What was the name is? Young Ron old Ron old Ron. Old Ron at the sawgrass last night. Where I never shop. I saw that. And he said to me, he said, you know, even when Paul Farts, it smells like somebody else's. That's what he said. Good thing you can't fart anymore. Well, maybe they can. Oh, they can fart. They just can't talk about it. It is. You can't hear the sound. If you're the sound of somebody, even if it's like off mic. And he actually goes over to here. You're done. Oh, that's it. It's in that. Let's see. I suggested Rick Sanchez last week for your Paul. Oh, you know, it's just amazing. The fact is the colors we need an animal. They people. The same. The same. You know, it's like the guy in South Carolina. I took his NASCAR thing yesterday. I appreciated that. I thanked him for it. I did it's leading the way to number one by a wide margin. Nice going, John, in South Carolina. I realize you don't have much going on up there. You know, I have no line. Oh, but enough. And now this guy has been, uh, dover. Airbnb time to turn around here. He is again. I would have not liked that chronic incoco beach. Oh, you don't realize it because he never used to sign them before. Right. But between the rich and the factor factor and an archive. It's like, it's a toss-up. Which one is the most chronic? It just pop, pop, pop on the fast all day. I suggested rich Sanchez for your poll last week. Could you play the bit where he sings? Sure. No problem. Banda still got what a party. This is already. It isn't. I played it when you were on vacation last week. And I once heard again. What time is that? You're on 10 to 11? Last time. I checked. Ricky took you, uh, Sanchez. Still on as well. I'm hearing. He got some check on there with him. You got that report, right? I saw dressed it up. Yeah. Right. They keep reinventing it. It is, uh, forget about it. Full get about it. It's just forgetting to, uh, reinvent one ingredient. Talent. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, six, pound, five, six, on the AT&T and the Verizon Wireless line. WCWM. Hello. Yeah. I'm going fucking here. You know something? I can't believe what's going on here. I never took the first break. And you wanted to lie? Why? I'm thinking of myself. This hour is going on. And you're oblivious too. Sure. I'm just sitting here chatting. Because it says four minutes after one on my clock. And I'm sitting here thinking, God, this hour is the longest hour of every day. I don't know. It's 23 after the battery died. Oh, I remember when we unplugged it. Remember when we had no. When we had the, uh, power circuit. That was the end of the clock. It's 24 after the hour. I got 85 breaks to do now. All spots radio. I can't believe this happened to me. Another good other benefit of being here. The second hand is moving though. No. No. It's unplugged. It's unplugged from the wall. How did that happen? I don't know. Nobody's been in here. I mean, there's since it's more than it must be. I did fell out. Shut up like I'm supposed to do. We passed. It's four minutes after one not. Is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costlet? Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's Saudi business. Payroll administration, Fortune 500 company employee benefits, human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Make you some cash. Call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation. 1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 with more than 60,000 employees worldwide. Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. The outsourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let the Oasis outsourcing folks make your business more profitable for a free evaluation column toll free. 1 866 at oasis. That's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2766 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 286 2766 2766 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 1 866 for Oasis outsourcing. 2 866 because I cook up and Alabama and my clique keeps<|da|> on good things. 2 866 Hot at judging you all just hole inate with fuer. And when it organized crime. And say, we go. and hug like bless. Catherine? Honestly, who has just woke up like avantage. Well,  is. why R down for it. Why does she say it in my Home A theory clock he had Cohen Concentals? 2 766 for Oasis outsourcing. It's the show everyone is talking about hey, I don't like a more people talk that's when I think about a ride Kabach and remember a sprig of mint in the trunk makes that last ride more pleasant and Refreshing be sure to catch the stoop pernos before they go into the old witness redecoration program I'm 28. I can't believe this. I hate this place Nothing works here Medication's on work. I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place nothing works here The medications on work. I've been here for seven years. I hate this place nothing works here I'm sitting here and I'm kept you're every now and then you glance over to clock You see that time for another break and I'm thinking when I was at first break coming already I'm babbling and bump up upon It's been here all day times. I thought you know this has got to be the longest hour ever done in my life I just thought no, we must have been looking at the second hand on a clock And it's like sitting there. It's not moving any. I look at my watch. Of course I could look at Eric's I think over here's time is neither close well's within a few minutes But I'm looking at my watch and it's 24 after one and the clock says we're all four Yesterday we ran over the day before we were yesterday right because the clock was not set the right time I realized it's a really difficult job and probably it takes all of our crack engineering staff to do it But setting our clock to the correct time is really very defugal. Well, it had to come in here Oh, I see and care where they have to care first in the year number two, which neither cases true. Oh, we got our new TV You hear it the press there just moment there you go That's pretty exciting. Oh, they the road map on track question mark. Oh, there's a good And a piece the a piece of road map right in the middle of the east. Oh, brother. He said just mean other piece of kishki's what he said a lot of gravy. That's what Ariel said sounds a bit of me by the way. Yeah, it does one 30. It's time for another break here a QAM It's a damn good thing I discovered it and you're sitting there wouldn't like that bliviest you know Just haven't read time chat no way Would me go Which of these people are things? Do you care about least? I don't have time for that. What what's are you dying now? I got to do it a be your boy thing. I got this trapped belcher Oh, I guess just swipe yourself on the side there. That's it You know when you look for new shoes. There's a great story in town It's been here for a long time and it's Brady shoes and Pablo Beach and the reason people keep going back there is because they got an Unbeatable accommodation man. They got great selection Professional service and unbeatable price all the time Whatever kind of shoes you like whatever brand is your favorite. They got it. They got rock ports floor shine SAS Perry timber naturalizer and lots more and with Brandy's humongous solution You're just about bed Me girls life on it that whatever you need is in stock right now ready to slap on your foot and when people go there They generally by civil piranete visit to Brandy's open every day nine to line Sundays 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 North Edible Highway in Pablo Beach It's always worth a trip to Brandy's no matter where you're hanging out and be sure and stop by Brandy's this week for their store wide SAS Don't miss the SAS Trump show Today it's going on right now as a matter of fact until for this afternoon stop by the store or check them on the web for more information at Brandy's shoes That's with two s's please brandy shoes dot com Louis The Lord even loves neo rot Jesus is doing all right. Jesus Christ. No one has been afraid in our Lord. No one has been fucked up, but no one has got his stuff. Jesus is doing all right. Oh yeah. Jesus is doing all right. I have no right. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus may do all right. Jesus is doing all right. God is what the critic says. No one has been afraid in our Lord. Jesus has been afraid in our Lord. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus is doing all right. Jesus gets him a spare time. We're going to put him in a QM line up to replace our from Boca. Anyway, what to do this? Here's the story that you were searching for before. Not a big deal. US warplanes and helicopters firing heavy machine guns rockets and cannons hammered in surgeons today in the besieged city of Haluja and the command of the US Marines here warned that a fragile truce was near collapse. First we're going to kill some people. Then we'll go back to the truce. A rocket hit the Sheraton hotel in central Baghdad breaking windows because he no casualties in the heavily guarded compound. Then houses many foreign contractors in journalist. A second rocket failed to go off was found on the street outside the hotel compound. With officials reporting four more Marines killed the death toll of 87. This is just in size I sat down at this morning. The death toll of 87 US troops in April made it the deadliest months since the military set foot in Iraq. The truce in Philadelphia was severely shaken by fighting yesterday and the this morning. I will Marines underline their halt to offensive operations was still in effect. Even though of course we got a kill so people and but it's a truce. What kind of like that Middle East roadmapsing? The truce is all shut and free. I beg your pardon. Uh oh. Wow. I still can't get over that puts it called here three times. Three times. The former listener. The former listener the one that we lost like I give a crap. You know what I mean? Now you lost a listener. Yeah. Because of the fact that he just don't want to play by the rules. You don't call twice in one day. You said you're thing and that was the end of the one of them say his thing. You say I see well I don't want to let him say his thing. It was just I had a little verbal intercourse with him. It's not like I say goodbye immediately which I should have. And that was it. When you hear the dial tone that means we move on. That's the way it works. See freedom of speech is great. But freedom of speech and calling a talk show are not the same thing. Oh we got it right. That's what the talk is. Yeah right. The constitution doesn't say that you got a certain number of seconds. But 30 milliseconds to call it on a talk show and say whatever it had you want. We're here to entertain the public to amuse to inform to whatever we're in Agrovade. That's what we're here for. In effect, agrovade. Do you want to be pleased? So bye bye. Are you still listening? 5 6 7 0 5 7. I mean that's just it's so sad. You just lost the listener. Great. Great. Maybe you'll call tomorrow and tell us that he didn't listen. Right. 862 votes which of these people are things you care about. Least. I don't think we're going to catch up from that time thing from a clock. No, it's bizarre. NASCAR 253 Donald Trump 175 horse racing 104. They don't like it. Israel 91. They don't like that. Our old Palmer we hate him 83. Cross the old silly golf hole man. What a golf hole. Fox News 74 sports star Zantak. That's what you mean. Took a Pepsi. No, no, no, no, no, no. Forget about Pepsi Pepsi. Pepsi. No, no, no. Minorly. Zantak. Fox News 74 sports talk 67 MSNBC 9 and CNN only 6 out of 862 votes. CNN's got only 6. We love John Kerry. We should and could have a policy in this country that made our troops safer. That reduced the cost of the American people. Absolutely. And that had a better chance of success than this president is pursuing today in Iraq. Massachusetts senator as we said is in Harlem talking about the high cost of college. Obviously talking about Iraq also. I say Charlie Rangle, her vice president don't you just love him. He's a Wrangler. No, certainly he's great. He's just fine. I'll take a high love him. He's he's he takes no crap from anybody. He's got the gruff raspberry voice. You know, just a good rabbit. Hey, go to take no crap from nobody. But back in the day, it's 20 till 2 at 5. 60 see you. You learned something today about what was it about your father? I learned something about back in the day. Of course, I'm not supposed to know that because of an old fossil. And I'm like, it's seeps into everything. It's, oh, you can't tell you about seeping. But we got back in the day. I could tell you about it anymore. You already told us when a man's considering a hair replacement is greatest concern is how natural it's going to look. I'm saloon. Another people tell us just a silly piece of saloon. You can always spot a bad hair system. But how many ones go on notice? I'm listening. Charles Alfie raised design and supplied her systems to show his people for more than 35 long, amazing years. And he's even appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. That's a day show and a CBS morning news. If you're using his pen to natural hereline system that offers you the best look in her line. You'll find anywhere that ain't for real. The most critical area of any her system of course is that hairline and Charles new skin like hair system is 100% on detectable. And Charles guaranteed it to you as this. You just try assistant for 30 days. Not 30 man. After 30 days after a month of you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting like all kinds of action all over the place, which we can't see any or any more, return it for a full refund. And Charlie also services and repairs existing her systems, including shampoo and Prim. So don't delay call Charlie. I got to sit real fast. So don't delay call Charlie today and change your life forever. Get yourself some hair man. The bald look is out. He tried to tell Troy's dread for that. He tries that he's going to borrow one of most pieces this week. Later on. No way. He's just going to. Call Charlie Alfie or a 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. That's 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. Around a wicked worldwide web. It's Charles Alfie or we.com. My life and local. Here's SportsWide 0.5-60-2-8-2-8-1. Yes, it's true we are not friends. And yet we're touring once again. Because Paul's solo album's tank. And there's nothing in our piggy bank. I'm listening. That's why they're willing both of us on stage. Despite our age. To make the sounds of senior. We broke up in the 70's. And now we're nearly 70. Our old boy is no longer planned. And we are both wearing depends. And we won't have the slightest idea what we've played. No hearing aids. To catch the sounds of seniors. Still lots of rupees come backstage. But they all smell like Ben Gae. Most of them got in the show for free. Thanks to the discounts from ARP. And when we come back on stage, you give you the hardcore. We're gonna snore. Because that's the sound. You've seen your... Oh! 147 at 5.60. And now this thing is kicking in gear in the hours flying by. The fun serious. That was the most incredible 4.5 minutes of my life. It was like actually 24 minutes. It's one of those time distortion experiments I do. I'm sitting here and I kept looking up. And I'm thinking to wait a minute. Wait a minute. What's going on over here? And I look at my watch and it's almost 125 already. Like swimming in the shore and getting closer. Well I'll tell you, Duff and Clarets. You're doing a home job, keeping us placed really in tip top shape. Keep everything going. It's just a beautiful thing. It's just a lovely thing. 5.670. 5.660. Oh, I better do this. New reports on US planting WMDs in Iraq. So just keep this in mind. It's on our website. If you want, probably a good idea to print it out. Yeah. And keep it handy. We get our October surprise September surprise. Our July surprise. Whenever it's going to be, then you'll say, Oh, I got this story. Here we know about that. Fifty days after they were saying that US forces were unloading weapons. The message struck in southern Iraq. The first reports. New reports about the moment of these weapons have been disclosed. Sources in Iraq speculate that occupation forces are using the reason on rest in Iraq to divert attention from their surreptitious shipments of WMD into the country. An Iraqi source posted the Bazaar Governor's office told the MNA that new information shows that a large part of the WMD, which was secretly brought to southern and western Iraq over the past month, are in containers falsely labeled as containers of the Marysk shipping company and some consignments bearing the labels of organization such as the Red Cross or USA in order to disguise them as relief shipments. The source was spoke of course on condition of anonymity. And did that Iraqi officials, including forces lawyer of the Iraqi Governor and castle station in southern Iraq, have been forbidden from inspecting or supervising the transportation of these consignments? I can't imagine why? He went on to say that the occupation forces avoided Iraqi officials to forward any questions on the issue they coalition forces. Even the officials of the International Relief Organizations have informed the Iraqi officials, they would only accept responsibility for relief shipments, which have been registered by the organizations. The Iraqi source also confirmed the report about suspicious trucks with fake Saudi injured Indian license plates entering Iraq. At night last, we were stressing that the Saudi injured Indian border guards did not attend to inspect the trucks, but simply delivered them to the US and British force station underwax borders. However, the source expressed ignorance, whether the governments of Saudi were injured or aware of such movement. Right, we don't know no. No, no. Saudi's or Jordanians, we don't have no deal with them Arabs. How do you like that? I hope that stories like that come out of it, even if they're not true, just in case, you know what I mean? Just in case they decided to try to play fast and loose. Because well over a year later, they found nothing yet, believe you me, there was nothing there in the first place, and all of you the inspector said there was nothing there. From Hans Blix and Scott Witter and they're just about everybody else. All there are a bunch of left wingers. All right, I forgot about that. But you've a Schmidt Disturbers. Ocean Provocator Graham. 560505060 on the AT&T line. WQAM Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. That guy was the staff. He was definitely a control. Uh-huh. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. And, you know, all I know is that if I was going to go on national TV, I'd get my haircut first. And as far as the weapon, the mask, the structure being found. That's why we're talking about the turkey farm last night where they found some stuff in Libya. So, um, soft yes. Okay, thanks for the good news. There you go, folks. It's said there's a bunch of turkeys so spoon BS Libyan turkeys in the left. Right. I wonder if they're feeding the same drugs to them, they were to Gaddafi. This is hits, but there's still spin around here. Like a Dradle Wow. He even makes a bonehead boy look bad. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. That's not just listening to it. It's something loud and small so we're going to attack Iraq. Yeah. I was saying, question they should have asked us. Was there something but loud and ever in Iraq? Hey, listen, when most of the lady comes back, we're going to go into Mexico, man. We're going to go into them beeners because they don't fight back too good. They got a lot of gas. They only took 600 and knock them all over. I was thinking about beans, you know, what that was I thinking about? Like, you're about beans? No, no, about beans. All of this beans are in the beans and about gas. I don't know. We fried. Oh, I must have been about that pigment or story. How come we can't just use beans to make gas? What could technically, right? Should be held on there and your car then in your pants? Yeah. Maybe that'll be our poll question. Where would you rather have the most gas in your pants when your gas tank? Cheap. Sure. Beans are cheap man. Cheap are by the dozen. And of course, your people down here, all of who they was down here, all varieties and shapes and sizes, too many beans. Refried beans. Oh, mush. That's a Mexican thing. But the breed, refried beans. No, but nevertheless, beans and rice. Yeah, pure starch. Pure starch. Pure starch. Absolutely. I'll tell you one thing. All you Julios out there and I, who might have talked, you know, but one thing I know for sure, beans make you do make two things. They make you fart your brains out and they make you gay. Yeah. That explains that whole Hispanic problem we got down here. Yeah. If you eat a whole bunch of beans and rice, yeah. Oh, immediately. Am I right? Absolutely. And he knows that some yesterday. One fifty two at five sixty. W W M. I wonder what the big, let's say about that. Just speaking a losing weight, the lines of my spoke is dedicated to providing you with the best products for weight loss. Fades you look, I've got this hours flying by now. God, I can't even catch up. If you're on the akin sugarbusters of South Beach, any low car of sugar free diet, you ought to be a sharpened and is great store. The lights of West Book and the number one low car of store in a country. Many of the new reduced car products on store shelves are geared to our cutting back on carbs, not on weight loss. The lights of West Book is expertise has always been on the weight loss phase of low car dieting. Delights carries over a thousand products and stuck with the focus toward the lowest carbs possible. The competitive way successful low car weight loss plan. And by the way, my there's lots of carbs and months of all soup. I cut the crab. That's my professional victim mother. The spring sale on the utilizes in full swing right now. So it'd be sure and stop on by their staff those low carb diving inside and out and they're open every day seven days week from 10 till 10. Delights of West Book you'll find on the northeast corner of glazing 441 right next to Boston Market in Boca or Colum Tolfree. 1 877 low carb, L.O. W. C. A. R. B. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. A R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. R. You look really scary. You look like James Coburn. They must be fangs. The same good thing he died when he did. 900 won for. What sounds bad? I mean, if he would look too bad much longer, his teeth would have been down to his pupic. How deep could his voice get? James Coburn. 900 and some odd votes on here today. 2-bed 903 considering there ain't anybody with a brainlifts in town, including us. Which of these people are things you care about least? No. Next car. 255. How about you Joe? I bet you're pretty upset about that. You think? I'll call me Joe. I'll call me in Toronto. Next car. 255. I'm from 1983. Horace 1-10. I'm from 1984. Arnold Palmer 88. Arnold Palmer. He's not going to be playing a green jacket ever again. He probably wears one of the old ones. Like Ricky Tickie in his cap, you know? Although we like Ricky Tickie with his cap, we don't like Arnold Palmer not an issue. He's a crusty old golf hole as what he is.