Yes! Yes! Yes! Hi, this is Janet Jackson, and my new album sucks, so I've got one, though, there's here. You got that coffee, huh? See? As I said, he knew it's me. I love coffee and the most. See, they can't be big half. That's why I'm opening up my chain of coffee and the most places called Starbucks. See, Starbucks. We've secretly replaced Janet's coffee with piping hot, folders, crystals. One? You got those gloves on? See? Oh, I got that coffee. Ah! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! How about those patriots on? I gave it to the score, at least part of it. Almost exact on Friday. I had the other part a little bit off. I said, the Patriots 33 and Carolina 10. Patriots got 32, the only problem is Carolina got 29. They did have 10 at one point. In fact, when it was 21 to 10, in my mind I figured, let's see, 24, 27, 30, four more field goals and we got the exact score, 33 to 10. But that wouldn't have been nearly as exciting. No, but of course we all know the Patriots are just lucky. Absolutely. As Moa would tell you, man, what a piece of crap he is, you know, what a miserable, nasty rotten piece of crap. Am I right? Man, I'm sick of the law. See? Got his punishing me. Right off to bed. Oh, it's going to be that kind of a day, not really carefully. Because we got the sleeping Jesus up there in Orlando, who's got more excuses than Carter's got pills. Hey, listen, ericut the crap. Okay, you're not fooling anybody. Maybe fooling George, you're not fooling me. He was up watching a game eaten like 20 pounds of toasted O's and Doritos and Cheetos, and probably two or three pepperoni pizzas, you know, during the Super Bowl. Because fat folks, you know, we don't need to excuse to overeat, but when we have one, then you really like, pick out. You're all I'm saying. You're all the way to kidnap, ericut your blood sugar is probably about 850. He has nothing going on in our website today, although I, we have to be solved from the weekend. Every other website in America, even the guy in Christian Science monitors probably got the Janet Jackson's teeth hanging out there, but not on theorages.com yet, no. Because ericut has got this new deal. Well, he would woo, he would be doing this woo, he's doing that woo. Do the stuff I'd like you to, okay, it's a labor of love is what I'm hearing. Please. And worry about the other stuff later on, you and the McGill always hatch enough stuff behind the scenes. Always, you know, nearly lost us all our jobs there about a year and a half ago. And now he's saying, woo, he's working on the hot couples, okay. Forget about the frickin' hot couples. Let's get what a goddamn radio show, okay. It's on every day Monday through Friday tended to release for the time being. Jesus, Eric, man, are you pathetic? Is he pathetic or what? Huh? I'm sorry I wasn't listening. Yeah, they had you weren't. They had you weren't. In fact, you were the one that said at this morning. Oh, calling you money's cell phone and he's like, even the phone number that took into was class me bag and he wasn't answering that. And what did I tell you? What I see was doing? Sleepin'? Sleepin'? Sleepin', right? Sleepin' because as you give batter and batter in your blood, I mean, I know, trust me. You have no energy. You just roll over into the corner like a big ball of fat. And just lay there like a tub. Anyway, we asked on Friday before we get back to Janet Jackson and like Joseph, so on a couple extra CDs, the new CD just coincidentally happens to be on the program director's desk all across America this morning. Right, just an accident. And just coincidentally, the producer with that whole half time show for MTV, just for the only CD that I saw before the Super Bowl. All of his got the amazing surprise doing a half time show. And now the question is, was it just an accident where we really supposed to see that to the end of our night? Oh, man. I think right there in that one millisecond that was that it pitted my America today, 2004. That he titted my American. That titted my, what's going on America? I'm impressed. And everybody's all a titter over it. Like, oh, it was Janet. Even though, of course, it had the, it wasn't a nipple ring. What was it? It's a piercing. It's a solar starburst up here. Whatever it was, it was her starburst. Yeah, she's peddling that to her starburst crap. And all this garbage about just in tinkerbell, you know, he and Brittany for the fact that Brittany so hot. He and Brittany have become, it's almost like a Ben and J. You know what I mean? In other words, don't wear a salad with that crap anymore because nobody believed in the first place. Just in tinkerbell. Only one thing we want to say to you, Justin. Bye, bye, bye, bye. Don't come back soon, okay? As Kerry would say, don't let the door hit you on a way out. How can we, doesn't say, don't let the door hit you in the ass on a way out? Oh, the ass. Come on. Let's say a little ass, John. Kerry looks like he's got a strangled on. In fact, the a new pulls that they had out today, which is all depends on who you look at. I think he's got like 50% in Missouri. And 40% in Zona. Are you ready for that? Wow. Now he is about five points behind Edwards and South Carolina. We'll get to that eventually. Lot of numbers. Patriots win 32 to 29. Let's hear it. Let's get spread or credit is due. Let's stop on all night, dolphin wine. Oh, come on. They're awfully lucky. And then there were a couple of calls and I'd game. Yeah, right. Todd, I'll mighty mow you are such a guy. About five foot nine of turd. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. You're going to see a turd five foot nine tall. Well, that's him. Somebody, but a big one of those. All of ones in that. Have you really? Sure. Probably you were letting one out this morning. I've worked for a long time. I've worked for a long time. Remember. George was, oh, that's right. Yeah, but we got that little turd and sales, Todd Drake. You're not full of anybody, Todd. Send me the same copy and putting a different date on it. Man, are you a jerk or what, huh? I should be in a much better mood except that I started out this morning with Eric. Eric, I was in a fabulous mood this morning. I come in here and write right away. Everything on our website is a piece of turd. A lot of turd one, Rhonda. You turd. That's for you, Eric. You turd. You're nothing but a big you turd. Bob, you turd. Stop a concerning with Miguel and Boker Brian and everybody else. Get with the program. You turd. That's what it's all about. That's what our number one priority. The audiences out there. Hang in on, Eric. You turd. What's your ultimate lesbian fantasy we asked on Friday? Two famous females that you'd like to see together. How can we didn't have a Britney Spears and the Janet Jackson? Say we weren't thinking. Or John Jackson and Justin Ticabell. There's two ladies which came in after the show, Anna Kornakoga and Brittany. Because that one the last time we did this. Did it really? Yeah. Well nobody to late. Telling me. And don't be sad as stuff to Eric after the show to add on there. He's got a full plate already. Okay. Although his mommy did teach him to clean his plate. Ultimate lesbian fantasy. But it's taking me an hour just to read the results of the poll which is good. Charlize Theron and Brittany Spears. 139. There's the winner for him. But it was pretty close. The Olson twins. I wish I knew who they were. 119. There. What are they? What are they? They're stupid little kiddie shows before. And they're teenagers now. I guess. Yeah. And uglier by the day. Oh, by the night. Are they minors? Cool minors. Minors daughters? I don't know if they're 18. Oh, Jesus Christ. If they're not 18, you want to see him in a lesbian fantasy. What is video people, man? I don't want to see his video. Where are you people? Americans so freaking repressed. That's why everybody. If you could see and probably a lot of you have already this morning. CNN, MSNBC. Between the two of whom every hour they're showing Janet Jackson's movie. About 30 men. At least 30 times every hour. Slow, mo, freeze friend. They've got like a little blotch over to something. Maybe she's got a bad compulsion. Maybe she's got that disease or brother's got. That skin thing in a lit of I go. Whatever the hell it is. Jessica Simpson and Brittany Spears 81. Or she was their last digest. I didn't. I know this comes in shock. I didn't watch the head time show. I was watching other stuff. Me too. Who the hell cares about? They got like marching bands. What we need in America is a lot more big fat tuba players. Have you ever seen anybody play the tuba who wasn't a big fat tub? Now they mentioned it. No. God. By the way, for college football, I don't mind seeing college. Cause I'll turn it off anyway. But I don't want to see college marching bands and big fat tuba players during the Super Bowl. Yes. Get it right. Those are Suzefones. Oh, I see. Jessica and Brittany 81. Brittany Spears in Jenna Jamison 79. Jenna Reno and Bishop 75. Hallie Burian Angelina Jolie 57. I don't think Janet Jackson made it on any of these did she. I thought she was. Oh, well, we'll get to it. Should I atwing in Faith Hill 53 tied with Anna Cornoholian Shakira 53. That's an interesting pair. Hallie Burian Sandra Bullock 52. James Dave Bullock, Amstray. Brittany Spears in Jail 51. Jessica Alban Hallie Barry 45. These are pretty good pairings like Monica Lewinsky and her reclitten 40. Catherine Zeta Jones in Jennifer Conley 38. Charlize Theron in Jessica Beal 34. Elizabeth Montgomery Barbara Eaton 34. Soina and Pete Venus Williams 28. Also Jolene Blaylock in Jury Ryan 28. Tina Louise in Don Wells 27. Christine Agalera and Shakira 26. Lucy Lucy Louie. Lucy Lou. That's how you spell it. That's how you say it. That's how you say it. Don't you why? Lucy Lou and Lisa Ling 25. Who the hell are they? Chinks. Oh. Beyonce Knowles in Jail 22. Laura Bush in Hillary Clinton 21. Eliza Duchco and Chris McCarpet are 21. Jessica Simpson Lil Kim 20. Jailo in Vieta Gera 20. Jessica. Show me some pictures of her after the show. Who? Josh did. Josh. Yeah. Smoking. Big ass. Anna Cornelhoide and Serena Williams 19. Catherine Zeta Jones in Jacqueline Smith 18. Pamela Lianerson and Lonnie Anderson 17. Kathy Lee and Kelly Rippo 16. Rosanna and Star Jones 15. Tara Banks and Rebecca Stemo 15. Connie Chink and Greta van Custon 15. Catherine Zeta Jones and Beyonce Knowles 15. Tara Rino and Judy Dean 15. I like that one. That's my favorite. Live Tyler and Kate Blanchett 15. What is a million of these keep going? Everybody got at least one. Chalo and Mariah Carey 14. Lonnie and Chloe from Smallville. That's Lana. Oh, Lana. Lana my ass. Lana and Chloe 13. Sharon Grace Jones 13. Scraaned Bogreffen 12. Linda Trip and Monica Lewinsky 12. Anne Marie and Randy Rhodes 10. Wow. Michelle 5 from Charlize Duront 10. Vinda Hamilton Leslie or twin sister 9. Wipey Goldberg and CC H pounder 9. Like to see her pounder. Chalo and Rupal. Look at what we spelled Rupal. Is it all one word like that? No, I don't know. Yes. Seven Nancy Carey and Tony Harding 7. Abian Barbol and Lee Merwether 7. Jennifer Conley and Darrell Hanna 6. As to ass. Jackie's Johnson and Patricia Andrew 6. Michelle Gillon Sally Fitz 6. Chelsea Clinton and Dr. Judy Dean 5. Alicia Keys and Avril Lavine 4. Jamie Presley and Brittany Dangle 4. Anne Haitian Janner Reno 3. Candy Crowey. Judy Woodruff 3. Man would she smother her in two seconds or what? Judy Steinberg and Janner Reno 3. I think Judy Dean in Janner Reno is R-R-R-R-San. Christine Aguilar and Michelle Rodriguez 2. Ricky Lake and Cardi Wilson 2. That's before Carnegie Loss the way to court. And Chris DeAli and Shaka Khan won out of 1,500 plus votes over the weekend. Well, at least to get the office streets until the Super Bowl festivities started. I like the commercial with the, and I don't know what it's for either. See, it's for some softwareing with the kills. What a guy with a kill this standing over the thing. The sewer grate. And he's the boy to sure is great. I don't even know what the softwareing was. See that happens on a Super Bowl every year. Is that some of the commercials that are the best ones, at least in terms of being a funny or whatever, but you don't know what the product is, so they weren't so good. Follow my drip? Nope. So that was the poll from Friday. And I'm glad we killed some good time because Erica has just left me in the lurch again. Don't let him give you any more excuses, okay? Tell him to piss off. Next time he gives you a bunch of crap like that, because we know he's just sleeping in day after day now, okay? He wasn't doing nothing for us. 1013 at 5.60. He probably does do in porno sites on the side, guaranteed. By the way, we'll put some links on there for you. Hey, if you're fat like Eric, see there's a good example for you. You got Eric who's, you know, gigantic into nothing about it. You try a couple years ago, he lost an ounce or two, but he's still fat. He's got a blood sugar about 9.50. Maybe 9.50, maybe 9.30. Yeah. And he can barely even function anymore. Being fat is not where it's at. Now, everybody in there brothers try to pedal you some other diet these days. There's that sound beach diet, forget about that, that's just a rip off of you, no one. Balance for life makes it easy because they do all the figuring all the calorie and carbohydrate counting. They check out the glycemic values of all the food they put together and they prepare for you. Fresh delicious food, nothing frozen, nothing pre-fab, no additives, no chemicals, no crap. And they deliver right here door a little black sack every morning by 6 an a.m. They're on time, by the way, on my sum of the people. And in your black sack, there are three delicious meals and two great snacks, even a 16 ounce bottle of water. And the plenty of food to keep you full and happy and satisfied all day long. And if you stay with it, you'll watch the way to pour off your ass day after day. Lovely Katrina's lost cost to 20 pounds and balance for life and you can do the same or more. So whether it's 10 pounds or 50 a hundred or more, this is the easy delicious way to lose that weight and it really works. So call balance for life and get started right away. And this year, make your new year's resolution to reality after all finally. Call 9.54. 5.6.8.32.29. That's 9.54.5.6.8.32.29. Or get more info on their website at balanceforlife.com. And look, this is 4.25.60. Anyway, yeah. Come on, baby. Come play with these titties. Okay. It's a free break. My amy has the dolphins there, the worst football team's here. They flopped the ball from goal to goal, like no one's ever seen. That's a little bit there on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say my amy, you're talking toilet holders there. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to. But then they're in their juck. And they would run much faster. And even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see my amy. And there's a my amy dolphin. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. My amy dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue. My amy has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fence. Oh, just 50,000 assholes. Sitting in the stands. So, who'd they watch the game? And all they do is mowing. Great vintage. I wonder how to lobby. Got to be so goddamn rich. And there the my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 32. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The dolphins have free feedler. That quarter backs at you. Run down the field. And he will throw a pass over you. Oh, I'll never win. A super bowl you shouldn't be surprised. When he gets cut, that does it mean that he was certain. I'm surprised and there the my amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. How many teams in the league? 22. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. She calls his signals and he brews. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The dolphins have no defense. And their offenses at joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race. With fewer points than Park Marks on high singers. The group faces there. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins number. Oh, what the hell? 32. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. My amy dolphins. Your feast made a good point this morning before the show. We were cons-confabulating a little bit. In between him told me that Mo was an asshole. He mentioned a very good point. And that is that dolphins ever did win a Super Bowl. Again, what would anybody have to talk about in South Florida? What would they be bitchin' about? And QA would be out of business. What would they talk about? I give up. No Davy and Danny and all of the other things? So thank goodness it was the Patriots and not the dolphins. Not that I want to rub it into it. You bet. I'd like to just stuff it right up all those silly dolphins right up there. But man, all the way to their throat all the way to their Adam's apples. Anyway, here's our pool today. Especially the ungrateful bastards that the people on appreciate talent. Like Mo. Absolutely. I'll be lucky. It always crawls. You stick it up your ass. Okay. You silly old coop man. You disgusting piece of crap. Man. I'd like to live with that for about 30 minutes for a month or 30 years. Don't thank you. Which of these is most important to you? I love this pool to that. I think it's a got possibilities. My next orgasm. The presidential election. Will the dolphins make to play off next season? Will the Panthers make to play off this season? No. Where are the WMDs? Will the US allow Gaze to marry? Will the government take away my guns? Will I go to heaven? Will I burn in hell? Or when will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth? Those are the 10 choices on today's pool. I like that. Go to the show you that I have a sick mind which everybody knows but I'm proud of it. In fact, we got some votes on there already. Let's see what kind of audience we really have. Nine the presidential election. Seven. My next orgasm. Squirt. When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth? Four. Probably what our next CD comes up. Will the dolphins make to play off next season? Will the Panthers make to play off this season? And where are those WMDs? Will the US allow Gaze to marry one out of the first 24 votes? Let me rip CBS for about an hour. Okay. They make me sick. It's enough to just see tears pouring from that CBS eye. What did this graceful performance they did? First of all, they start in the first five minutes and we've got El Presidente W. Son there. See, this is the same network that wouldn't take the move on. Or, because it was, well, political and all this other crap. But they put the president on there. Spu it a bunch of mindless crap about Houston, this and Texas there. And a lot of other garbage that had nothing to do with anything. Then, we are treated to two of the most unbelievably incompetent. I mean, if this is the best CBS can do this, they should give the rights to broaden to MTV. At least they'd spice it up a little bit for an FL next year. Fox and MTV. No more CBS. When your best broadcast crew is Greg Gumball, who be on any shadow of a doubt is so coma inducing so terminal and so incompetent, and they want to be seen as there as because of an epithism because he's Brian Gumball's brother. And the anxious Phil Sims who's now become the Timmer Carver of football. And constantly, like right to the end of the game. One of the key plays in the entire game was the kickoff that went out of bounds near the last kickoff by Carolina that gave the win with the ball on a 40-yard line. And instead, here we're re-showing the previous play and the touchdown that guy was wide open and Phil Sims is finally realized he's not directing the telecast, but that's his part of the ambiance. And here Phil Sims is bop-bop-bop-bop-bop. And I tell us about where to go. Then, ball is you, boy, as it's out of 40-yard line, which was the key to the papers being able to get downfield and kick the winning field goal. That's going Adam again. They just sucked. And then, of course, in half time, a lot of people are talking about everybody's talking about Janet because America's so repressed. It's a booby and it's a pity, look at that. But there was also a streaker before to start the half time festivities. But did anybody ever see it? Of course, I know they always say, well, we don't want to show the speakers because it'll encourage other people to do it. But man, they did everything but put a black screen on there. The test pattern, water, cronkite, space, everything over the screen to make sure that we couldn't see and hear all the commotion is going on and you see all these security people running around. But God forbid, we should really make any specific illusion of that, right? Just a couple of veiled references. Because they already had America so titulated anyway with Janet's booby there. And we got for vid we should talk about naked people running around on the field. Right? Right. Of course, you're always gorgeous. Very quiet because he was so mesmerized by the entire proceeding. I was. You could be one of, you didn't see any of it? Not a second. Man, you are so un-American, it's dangerous. I've wear it. You better get with it, Mr. Right. Yeah, are you really good? Put you on a button and a button and you rest back if you don't cut it out. Yeah. Or you watch an old orchestral movies? I forget what I was always watching that movie that I told you about. I really bad movie. Oh, yeah, here's a bad movie, by the way. What's the name of it again that was recommended by the audience? Is that it? Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't mind watching life or crystal. Okay. But David Giel, so really sucked. He had to... I'm sorry. They can't all be great. No, they can't. Why not? Well, because if they were all great then they're being there. If all guys look like Tom Brady then there'd be no ugly people. And we just, there would be no good looking people. See what I'm saying? I think. If all the females look like Brittany's peers, if we know, but anyway. Good point. They'd need to appreciate every other movie I ever saw. All the good ones. Even Magnolia's starting to look a little bit better. The 1027 at 560, by the way, the Patriots are real chance. I just thought I mentioned it again. Oh! 580 local, this is 560. 380 yours. Oh! You ain't in! And more in. Dear wife. As you see, King has. You adore that. You idolized them. And now you can join them in their most personal moment. Just when we made you think reality TV shouldn't get any better than finally your ass. Box presence celebrity's oiled. Watch all your favorites celebrities go do do. Rosie, hold on. Dear wife. Doctor Phil. Oprah. Here. Trista and Brian. Oh, thank you. Very simple. Very simple. And culture. Even the great-smite George Boy. Now Mr. President. Oh, thanks Andy. Yes, all the celebrities we tell you to like. And you do. Only on celebrity toilets. Starting this fall on the other side of the box. 10. 30. If I'm 60 WQAM. He's back on a good stuff again. Good. How couples contest starts today. Did you know that? Yeah. Sort of. Well, kind of sort of. And now we know. Well, Eric was up all night working on that. Try telling you that. Whoa. Yeah. While we'd prefer that he would deby up all night working with. And if I get a night sleep once in a while, okay? Fatso. I email him the stories by latest 536 a clock that I'd before. But he's got other priorities, which we don't even know about. In fact, I understand he's going to be putting all the words to condolize on there pretty soon again. Let's see. Today through February 13, you can submit your entries. And it could be whatever. Right? Could be a hot right. Head of our sexual couple. He'll be a two women, two guys. No, no animals though. Right. We'll have our preferences as to what they could submit. Yeah. A bit. And if you think you're hot, well, we'll find out. Because then we'll vote for the hottest couple week of February 16th during that entire week. And whoever is the most votes will win, email your pictures to contest at neo-rangers.com. Pretty simple. Pretty basic, even though it took our hours and hours to put this together. I'm sure a contest at neo-rangers.com. Couple with the most votes wins their choice of these surprises. Trick for two to hedonism in Jamaica or. Tip for two to roll. Always as casino into Bahamas. You choose either one of those. The second place winner obviously gets was everyone else's left over in third place. The third place prize they did are for two at the pizza law. So with all the respect to Jeff, I mean that's nice, but there's quite a come down from first to second place to third, but I'm sure that Jeff will come in the right way when you have dinner there. Okay? And maybe also look at some other pictures you got. All the contest rules on our website neo-rangers.com. We can tell today we've been very, very proud of an earthen-a-masterful job until today. But nobody's perfect, right? Wow. And especially him. I don't want to get you in trouble with him because I know the two of you have minted your fences. Yeah. Yeah. I bought you, sure. You sure? I don't know if he's in into this, man. Okay. You don't want that phone to keep bringing, whoa. Why not? Those were great days, man. Just don't ever call her an electric. Don't ever call her again. Wow. Right. Which of these is, yeah. In fact, we're bringing venerable back if you don't watch it. If we can never get him out of rehab. Which of these is most important to you, the presidential election 40. What an audience man. Yeah. They got their thumb on it. My next orgasm. Well, let's see 43 now for next president. 27 for my next orgasm, score score. When will I see Janet Jackson's other T-21, which may be connected to number two? Will the dolphins make a playoff next season? No. 7. We're all those WMD's. 6. Will the government take away my guns? Great. Come on. Will the US allow Gaze to marry two? Will I go to heaven, too? Well, I wonder if those schmothaids went to heaven. The 244 that died in the trample and the trampoline. I high level of heaven. Did you see the head, the news to run at? No, I was. When they showed the head, hancho schmothaids, Saul Schwartz, whatever his name was. And he, Mohamed Saul Schwartz, I believe, was his name. He said, yes, 244 people have passed away. They passed away. What a way to put it. They got trampled at that. You asshole? You idiot? Let's see. Well, the patents make the playoffs this season, too. And will I burn in hell? Not, not in this crowd. No, now if we would have had some people listening, then he might have to vote on that. When we want to get home, will he burn in hell? Absolutely. You know he will. Believe me. So here's the story that everybody's talking about. Are they going to see? Here's a pool. Which is the following sporting events? Oh, yeah. Okay. Thank you. But it's a sports pool. See, and we, a lot of our people don't understand. Number one. Sports show. Thank God. And number two, we have a lot of people in this audience. It'll care about sports. It's just like George. Just like hard-ass little George who didn't watch any of the, even a half-time show with a booby and there would have commercials. Nothing. Zero. Not a moment. Here's Tom Brady again. Still looking good. Nice going, Tommy. I bet you this touchdown pass. There it is. Why don't put in the end zone? And anyway. Uh, Janet Jackson exposed at half-time show. CBS apologized yesterday for an unexpectedly arrated end to a Super Bowl half-time show. When singer Justin Timberlay tore out part of Janet Jackson's top exposing her breast. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. That was PG-13 at best. Exposing what looked like at least part of her breast. Oh my God. Exactly. I could have said it better myself from the front part. CBS deeply regrets the incident. Spokeswoman Leslie Ann Wade said at the network. We see several calls about the show. You know what the people were saying? Oh my God. And some of people were saying, well, can we see that again? The two singers were performing a fuller two or for the flertucious duet. To end the half-time show and the song's finished Timberlay reached across Jackson's leather gladiator outfit and pulled off the covering to her right breast. The network quickly cut away from the shot. Didn't mention the incident on the ear. Of course, Timberlay said he didn't attend to expose Jackson's breast. Oh my God. Oh my God. Who are you, Kitten? Justin, huh? I think the same number of people believe that as believed that he might be had a sexual. But third man. And believe that he was doing Brittany. But third man. Yeah. Likely story. The guy from MTV promised it's an all day, all day, uh, everywhere. Even in a weekly reader would said, hey, be sure me watching a half-time show. Something outrageous is going to happen. But no, he didn't intend to expose that TV. No way. I'm sorry that anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction during the half-time performance. Superb. To, yeah. That's right. It was a wardrobe malfunction. Yeah. The whole top was supposed to come on. I'm sorry that anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction during the half-time performance. The Superb will think her bell said in the statement. It wasn't intentional. And it is regrettable. He said, oh my God. This is hysterical. Wait since CBS officials attended rehearsals of the half-time show all week. And there was no indication any such thing would happen. The moment did not conform to CBS's broadcast standards. We'd like to apologize to anyone who was offended. We'd like to apologize. Yeah. The Superb will have time show which also featured T-Ditty, Nellie and Kid Rock was produced of course by MTV. CBS's corporate cousin in the Uxious Viacom. We were extremely disappointed by elements of the MTV produced half-time show, Joel Brown and F.L. Executive Vice President said. There were totally inconsistent with assurances our office was given about the content of the show. It's unlikely that MTV will produce another Superb all half-time. MTV issued a contriped statement which it also apologized. Well here's the exact statement. I got to write here. It'll take about two seconds to read it. It says the tearing of Janet Jackson's costume was unmehorsed. Unplanned, completely unintentional and was inconsistent with the assurances we had about the content of the performance. MTV grids this incident occurred. We apologized to anyone who was offended by it. That's it. Speaking of apologized. Yes. Do you want to apologize to Eric? You should apologize to Eric. And about what? Look at you. Not only is the link up but you should go check it out. Check it out. Check it out. Click on the link to the contest and then look at the pictures. There's some sample pictures already of a couple of couples on there. Okay. That you should see. Where the hell are they? The rules are listed and there's a link there that says look at the pictures. Okay. And it's already got a couple of couples. Okay just relax. But you're sure easy. Yeah. Yeah. I'm been trying to tell you that. Okay. Like I said Eric you're an asshole. I mean this is what he was up all night doing. Well that's not wrong. Don't wrong. He's Sodom. Fill in the end. And fill. Okay. And a quarter. Well that's really cute. I would have preferred have had all the stories on it myself. And also the Janet Jackson movie since for the only website I've heard on the morning. I've heard on the morning. I think you're part of just got that this morning. I understand he just got that this morning. But when we got it he was sound asleep. He was good sloughing. Okay. Don't start taking his side. Not a good idea. All right. Anyway. We got we get it going. A little bit slow starting today. Thanks to the fact Eric was busy putting fill and being a Colder pictures on there and Don Rumsfeld and Sodom. Which we've already had the Don Rumsfeld and Sodom on her many times. But it's kind of cute. I think I gave it about a 2.5 and a scale of 85. Just like I gave just and think her about a 2.5 and a scale of 4. And 161 votes already. Can you believe that? I can't believe anybody could be listening to this abortion today. Which of these is most important to you? The presidential election 58. My next orgasm. Squirt's Court 46. How about if we'd have seen Tom Brady flashes penis on the at half time? How would that have been? For you? When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth? 29. Will the dolphins make a playoff next season? No. No. 10. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No… No, No. Because everyone are blind — if anything – You don't bring me to Lucas We start playing so far You hardly watch remotely anymore and you have like, not like your Sybotine. I stay I remember one We changed each other's for you The vans wilders in soy sauce And you have missed out on this so just right When we caught our hair So pretty one day We brought up just like Jamie and me play And we are done to bring me to the rooms anymore You'll make me like I deserve Almost touch my liver But lizards don't count anymore You just melt the door when I go away And maybe I'm an am I When we've been put that tractor I caught the furrows And I spit like I die Well I caught myself and I'm going to try You'll think we could grow Very nice like a guy Every night like a guy You don't bring me to the room anymore Oh well, you can't let you rock When I tell you goodbye You won't give it to us You'd better leave the chainsaw Cause you don't bring me to the room And leave me I'll catch the big little thanks to the muffler too Wow But I wasted with some little more information on this And he gave it to you and he just emailed us to the muffler And he had a print out that he was a wooden fax So I told him that he emailed you the link Okay well here's real radio in Atlanta 105.3 to Bob and Tom Morning Show Which they're great we love by all look at this For real it's got a gig Nice going Scott How do you like that? I'm clicking on my copy now I'm so excited I heard that he stopped at most house to tell him I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his toothpaste Anyway he's in Atlanta Scott for real 10 to 3 I'm not trying to piss anybody off I'm trying to get another skin said for real manages to do both I show his never boring even if you're boring If you're boring nobody will say this is what he said before This is He says if you're boring people don't listen if you're not boring people listen If people listen to for real you'll be hooked before you know it This is the same blurb that we had on our website or whatever Or wherever we were promoting him for two minutes Remember? Pretty much a former Atlanta resident for real He's excited to return and listeners will know down and brace him again Oh my god look what he sandwiched between one good show and one nightmare Bob and Tom in the morning which we love them out of Indianapolis Indicated in the eight-minute stations and in the afternoon Oh god Can you believe it? The schmit show Between a couple already funny guys who are off the wall And for real who courses out of his mind and then you got a right wing asshole on there At night five six to seven they got the Kimmer What the hell is the Kimmer never heard of it? Atlanta's favorite bad boy the Kimmer he's only on for now Or though because he's getting old I guess seven away to Kimmer We're irritated they got Oh what a station this is it must be a key channel The best of Bob and Tom eight to ten p.m. Phil Henry are you sure? From ten to one so in other words they have more than just one right wing show And uh coast to coast a year overnight Wow wow wow Good luck Scott you'll need it baby Wow wow so for all's got to get in Atlanta I'll take your children a sell them for some patience Good Okay here's the fact that says you know you're right in the alley with the worth broadcast of a football game period That's so ridiculous And I've ever heard much less being a super bowl They were either hung over from the parties reading the Sunday funny papers While occasionally looking at the telepropter just plain dull minded Well when you think of the word dull Greg Gubble comes to mind immediately and Phil Sims Which you know he's articulate he doesn't shout out Puppuppuppuppuppuppuppupp He's the these Denise pot fan of football It says it may be the end of Super Bowl audio Just show brist and make farting sound There are tea even though they get those gigantic ratings will double the audience Left 20 billion people watching even feed this is a be tuning in It says in since we're on the subject if you pay close attention to pre game shows and all the networks which I don't because I don't watch him They've all become a contest as you can pick to win over the game like a private office pull between jokx on TV You know jokk Who gives an F who thinks he's gonna win the game? It's an endless loop nothing works here. He wants my cigarettes He says he's losing his mind. I don't blame you. I don't blame you CBS is the evil I man Yeah, I'm I'm glad that they and of course you know they're just We're faking it too because Viacom don't want to piss off the White House No, it's all in fundamentalists Just when they're on a verge of getting everything but they want and buying up every radio and TV and newspaper in America They don't want to like piss anybody off now be a bad idea Which of these is most important to you? We ask it and they we got 10 fabulous choices on that pool 206 votes in about a half an hour that is shocking George if he asked me As a shocking it is ready last oh commercial winners. Let's see And what was my answer and has a bush You go donkey We turn our attention back the Super Bowl you go donkey. Oh, they're in Cagan shame on you you silly She's okay. I like her. She's cutie. She's cutie, but she's not like a bubble minded idiot He likes soy dad. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I look at her. She ain't too cutie Who's that for? I you're watching CNN probably. Wow man. Oh man. That looks like Bella goes see and drag doesn't that's Bella Anyway, which of these is most important you the presidential election 84 my next orgasm 57 court court When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 38 can we say tit no teeth? Will the dolphins make the play off next season 12 where are those WMV's eight? Well, I go to heaven five Only if you say on up hill Mary's Keep rubbing in beads will the government take away my guns five five are worried about that Will the US allow gays to marry three will the Panthers make the playoffs this season two are very concerned about that and nobody is worried about will they go to hell? Will they burn and help out at 2014 you better start worrying right now you better make your peace with the Lord, okay? You better get on the right side. That's the far right side with the Lord. I don't know here. I'm made his peace with the Lord. Yeah, absolutely. See the holy piece. In fact when I saw that thing the first time I said good God last night during halftime I zipper my hand in my last year of actually in simultaneously malfunction. Well, our way said our condolences to you, okay? I got used to you. Anybody who could have been titulated by that middle second of course now just in case you missed it the first time live They're showing it over and they got like a little black out little blotch on there. You know and maybe a lot of blotch maybe she does have that skin disease. What is it? It's up on your right is that impotigo any blotches or splashes what's on our website Something's actually on our website. We only have about two thirds of the stories from Sunday The effect that I want to start picking on Eric, but he really pissed me off today for real. This isn't I don't see it on our website. I don't see no Janet Jackson I don't see her breast. Oh, there it is. Oh look at that nice work Eric We actually have an emotion it puts the motion in her basket. Oh, it'll play around. We got the video. Yeah, now and now what is that thing on her nipple see see we didn't see the nipple and quite frankly all that's Himmist that's going on about that if you don't see the nipple does make any difference anyway right is not the criteria in America that we can't show the female nipple But you can show it up right is ring that goes around the nipple with a skewer going through the nipple to hold it on Yeah, all right, yeah, but if you know where Justin was wearing that ring before she put it on. Oh, man Smaller than I thought it that Believe you me. He don't have the aspirinist to do it. He is just gruesome But anyway, there it is on our website in case you didn't see it and we don't blotch it out for you Okay, so here's a word for all your little kids out there make sure that they watch it I mean make sure you don't go to neo-rodges.com and watch Janet Jackson's breast being unfurled over an over an over an over an over an You might start getting and then you will have to worry about your next court score. Your gazzam Right right maybe we might solve that come up with a solution for you He is just ripping that thing and ripping Yeah, we go to close up and he's ripping it again and totally He's a little bit slow sometimes, but he's okay sooner later air comes around, you know Okay, so suffering test pains are we gonna take any calls today? I know some Monday QAM And the islander throttle a crappy pants. There's four to two Come on now that was a big game, by the way does anybody care? No, only him. He's depressed See, that's a one good thing about soft lotus sports everybody can be perpetually depressed The marlins if anybody cared about it that would kind of like sued some some minds but nobody really cares about that So they pretended for a couple days. They really cared, but we know they don't So all the marlins in the world champions, but that's not the one we want The marlins could lose every game and if the dolphins just made the playoff That would be a good pull to take which of these would you be willing to make as a tradeoff? The marlins lose every game and the dolphins make the playoffs Huh, or would we have to say that dolphins get in the Super Bowl because you know this you're not gonna win it Right they don't care about the marlin if we're at the dolphins in Carolina yesterday Man, I would have been a master grenade that kid Jake Dell homo that quarterback for Carolina He don't get the credit he deserves. I mean he threw a couple of their toward the end it was like we just refused to lose man They were starting to really piss me off. We refused to lose It was a hell of a game, but then everybody's talking about breast about T.Ds because America's repressed I mean any Western like in in Europe any country that had like pressed on TV would be no it wouldn't even be news There's breast all over your TV Take what you buy your TV. There's a couple right on top just to keep you occupied And that's one of the reasons people in Europe aren't out shooting each other with guns because they got their hands on top of the TV Right, right instead of putting your hand on a Bible they put their hands on top of the TV So anyway I started to tell you guys who's been hospitalized with chest pains. Who has been hospitalized with trial you'll have time or not I'll have to die after the break Check out Barry Manolo He's had a turn of hits, but none is painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall and broke his nose How and now Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD Can't smell without you with fracture versions of Barry's hits like Coca-Cola vanna I Was a remastered in really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact That's not all Barry Manolo's can't smell without you is swollen with hits You nose and love like I break the shnard I made it through the pain looks like I broke it and a title track with various trademark book I can't smell without you I can't breathe without you I can't skip and I can't fix it looks like my face was hit without brick Barry Manolo's can't smell without you Walk into a wall mark Ow And pick up a copy today. So guess what hospitalized with chest pains? Who who come on? I'll just give you a little clue there Barry Manolo. Yeah Tom's brain scalifornia very Manolo was hospitalized after suffering from chest pain due to stress his Publices said But the 7 was hospitalized said that after returning to his home from New York where he and the Corewriter Bruce Susman had taken part in two of the most grueling days of arbitration in lawsuit over rights to the musical harmony Harmony ran and Philadelphia was canceled in November because it fell short of its capitalization An 97 production at the La Jolla playoffs in California also fathered and closed after mixed reviews In other words it sucked I say that show which is music by Manolo and the book in lyrics by Susman is about the Commit in a harmonist's a group of singers popular in last days of Germany's Vymar Republic What it must be making a comeback because you feel like the Vymar Republic Stop Manolo told New York posted the time of the Philadelphia cancellation other than the death of my mother This is probably the most devastating day of my life. Maybe even more so because it affects so many other people Well, I would tend to agree with that other than the death of my mother that would probably be devastating for me too. Although she hasn't died yet How's that pull coming so far? Eric, let's see which of the which of these is most important to you? We got 261 votes are you ready for that? I'm ready The president's election 100 my next door guys. I'm 75 When I'll speak in a president's I want to thank all of you all for working so hard But my next door guys I'm 75. Oh my I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 44 You can see Janet's teeth right there on our website baby. It's moving. It's flopping around and just and keeps whipping it out whipping it off Well the dolphins make a playoff next season 15 Don't worry about it. Where are the WMV's eight will I go to heaven five will the government take away my guns? five Will the pants is make a playoff this season four will the US allow case to marry four and finally one out there who's finally started to think probably probably Eric voted will I burn and hell? Let's turn to worry about that bad. I 261. Here's some more dead people WQM hello I socket you need hear that I heard it that was Janet WDM hello WQM hello Yeah, Neil I can't be kidding with me or what what is it sir? I can't find the Janet Jackson thing on internet on our website. Yes Not possible I went to neo-vlogger.com. Yes. How long ago? This is second ago and it comes up Main menu and accounting and searches and related topics Yeah, huh? What are you talking about? Oh wait a minute internal server error. What's this all about? I'm what's going on with our home page just a moment This guy could be right I'm not getting anything right now and you want to know why I'm probably because it's overloaded baby I can't really know I can't reload it either Do I go to WQM or do I go on your own? Oh, I don't go to QA and I'm home. That's the worst website you'll ever see in your life just has Josh You'll see that piece of crap Let's keep trying keep pushing it right Uh, evidently there's so many people trying to get on there right now. We may just be on overload You're that right So just keep it it's on your man. Okay, they just keep hanging away at it and the website too Oh, we don't want to do that, do we? Did am I could think I got my page otherwise we oh look at this it's just getting all spastic and everything now is yours? Yeah, yeah, wow. This is great. We're destroying how many million hits are we getting See, Eric will make him about four or five bucks today by the end of the internal server error. What does that mean? I don't know Internal server error is what it's saying uh, it is just a spazzed out anyway. Here's some dead people Why you're looking at for Jen Jackson booby Isn't the sand isn't it's all though? It is it is much better than the original because the original was like about a half a second For one I'm told yeah, what they keep showing over and over again. There's David K by the way. He said they're all bunch of liars Ed's shekki died shekki's a gacky Ed's shekki Legendary Philadelphia DJ who during the 1970s hypergithets and a new artist like Bruce Springsteen Billy Joel and yes Radio stations like WMMR WIOQ and WMKG but especially recognizes the first to see the telldown promote Bruce Springsteen Oh, he died January 29th of unknown cause of a visiting New Yorkie was only 55 BB patent died evangelist Bible teacher in college founder hosted the radio program the shepherd hour from 1951 to 87 and the TV show the BB patent our beginning 1976 died in California January 24th after Long Hill is an open pH 90. Oh, that's old enough Dick Holly newscaster at WNC TV and Memphis from 1951 to 1993 had a long run Best remember for his coverage of the death of Elvis in Memphis in 1977 and who's one of the most recognizable faces in the city Memphis he died January 29 in Memphis at of heart disease age 79 and Don hard-boiled Hagridie Are you still getting internal server air? Yes, well, what's going on there? I don't know Don hard-boiled Hagridie pro football player turned wrestler then actor who played for the packers nearly 50s under real name Don Stan Soak Who became wrestler hard-boiled Hagridie during the 50s and 60s where he held the US title a version of the world heavyweight title on several versions of the world tag team titles Who turned who acting in a pure numerous feature films like HP Hagridie like as HP Hagridie like paint your wagon Earthquake dirty hairy and foxy brown and on TV shows like the incredible Hulk happy days and star ski in hutch died January 27th of this home in Malibu California from a brook in neck suffered in June 2003 he was 78 not too good to have a broken neck, you know, no always oh The thing is making a little bit of a comeback now. It's a lie. I mean, see all we need on that website man Eric if you want to make a fortune let's just put a bunch of porn a lot here's what I did I say that a couple of weeks ago Let's just put some porn a lot near man just just a breath not even attached to anything just a couple of boobies What do you think the whole idea was behind this contest when I cooked it up last year? No I understand that but we can't the the conference ago. I've heard in addition to which I want to be I want to be kind I mean some of the people we had last year will be very stimulating first and when I tell you Very stimulating some of the other people God bless them less stimulating. I'll be very diplomatic less stimulating although some of the other people in the audience who be looking almost anything if it was alive or once was alive or maybe thinking about being alive That would already be stimulating This way they might there was something there for everybody. I can't get nothing on here. I got my back. You do the polls and all that the regular Page that we look at here. Oh Mine my page. Yes, well, I'm working on it It was in Clark scene new games and pull we got seven big primaries again tomorrow boy every every week We got some now mine just keeps saying internal server error. Now. What is that? I Don't you finally get beyond that? I still I got the page to display but still it says internal server error. Oh No, I think we're destroying the server Anyway, it works in Clark now. I could give you the numbers on this pool, but they're not up today because they changed the they put it on their website MSNBC I think they're in league with CBS I think that most of us believe that NBC has something to do with MSNBC that they parent company But I think they're in affiliate of CBS and that wicked evil crying eye because They put on their website these numbers which are from yesterday, but they've changed them on their at telecast So in Missouri carry was ed 43 is got 50% today, but if you look at yesterday's numbers carry 43% Edwards 14 Dean seven Clark four and Julie revenge oligot tree He's not doing anything anywhere All of his go very goddamn endorsements from newspapers Oklahoma Clark 24 carry 24 dead even fly foot tie Edward 16 Librevin six and Howard Dean's only got 5% in local homo South Carolina Edwards 26 carry 24 but the new one today showed Edwards ahead by five three to 25 Clark 9% Dean only 7% sharp in six and liberament only 5% South Carolina how many Jews in South Carolina That's who he's got and Arizona Now this one shows let's see carry with 36 but the brain and wood today showed him with 40 points 40% Clark 25 Dean 13 and Libreman again Sucking wind with only 6% in Arizona how many Jews in Arizona about 30 minutes the same 30 they just keep moving around So that's the latest we got those big let's see how many liches would take to get the WMD center of a W Why to get to the WMD center of a W pop Do you understand this I I understand where they're going but it didn't work Okay Way beyond me it's way beyond my scope I can't get back on here now just want to throw away making some progress on our website We might have to take a couple of calls all waiting for this to be boot Huh So we find out a boot and see what else going on here. They're going nuts with Janet's In the video I just got a little chat thing from Eric. No Come in your QAM hello Yes, sir, yeah, I'm the meal speaking I'm doing man. All right man. How are you doing? Come on back up. Yeah, so that folks of man blow it out your ass. Is that Russian? Yeah, he said Paramachi Paruski. Ah, WQM hello. Hi, am I gone have it? WQM hello QAM Well all of a sudden I don't know where we had like frantic ringing like that frantic flashing I thought they might have some to say WQM hello Yes, sir This is a Gary from Philadelphia. I haven't heard about edge shopping He would be a pronounced shop. You haven't thought about him or heard about him in years So thanks for that update. He was a disciple. He was the guru of the guy who has been harassed as him Shockey, Shockey maybe he had a shock radio Well, he was he was the guru of rock and roll and so it'll be for years. He He needed a little bit on even before Alan freed well No, no, not but downed free No, we're talking about it different era But in the 70s Okay, I late 60s everybody knew at Shockey and everybody who came in town to perform where inner Interviewed by a Shockey so I don't hear he's gone Well, there you go man. We're on top of it all right. Thank you. Thank you Gary had already started bringing the bad news Well, I mean if you wanted to know about dead people man, we know it. We got our thumb on it Let's see how's that pull coming? Of course. They don't care about the pull. They just want to see Janet's boo It's a titty mommy it's a titty Seriously if if I'm glad that only 10% of the American public has got past sports because if if more than 10% realized how inversing this was we might like have a revolution that would be bad Yeah, over that be good Which is most important to you the presidential election see they want a revolution 114 They want just in the come in hey Justin come back only we don't want to see any more of your singing just say bye bye W okay, then we might even change your attitude to watch Justin, but I don't think so The presidential election 114 my next orgasm 85 when will I see Janet Jackson's other titty 58 Which you might be able to connect number two and three well the dolphins make the playoffs next season 16 Where are those WMD's 10 will I go to heaven seven will the government take away my gun six only if you go to heaven Well the panthers make the playoffs this season five will the US allow gays to marry four and will I burn and hell three out of three oh wait 3008 votes unless the nominner there I power their power pushing it now, you know It their power pushing it yank in it twisting it and it's all because of Janet and just and think about 1113 at 5 60 WQM what we got today we got the mad dog a two you got the Humperon Vegas another tough assignment for Hank today Before in seven out there in Vegas nice work if you can get it Hank for a cool hotline at seven the big 8 to 10 Any k10 and Joe and Mark over night 2 to 5 an AM So lead into the anxious one absolutely you know president stays less than two weeks away That means that the mall stores and showrooms will be running those phony mattress sales You know the ones where they double the price didn't pretend to give you half off Well if you really want rock bottom prices on the best mattresses around 365 days year pick up that instrument right now and call 1-800 That's the number for my good piezons at dialometrist no phony sales no baton swish just every day rock bottom prices on the complete line of silly Sir does Simmons King coil temper pedic and now Students and foster choose from dozens of models at lower-view day discount prices You can rest easy and enjoy a great night sleep by calling 1-800 mattress right now only dialometrist let you choose a two hour delivery window that meets your schedule any day 7 days a week from 8 an AM till 10 an PM dialometrist is proud of their overall customer satisfaction record With low prices same day delivery free set up and mobile. It's easy for even a more on the sea Why dialometrist is right the best in the world and customer satisfaction So while you wait and for it all gets sucked in by all those phony ads do what I've been doing for years along with George and Boca Brian and Miguel and even fat boy We've all made that call and we're pleased to do it call 1-800 mattress That's 1-800 MATT RES for great night sleep for years and months to come or check about online at macros.com I'm the sound of Dr. Dean and his wife making love 11 17 at 5.60 WQAM There are who do you know it? Well, speed of the Jackson's and you don't think that she's trying to cover her ass do you know I don't mean literally Well, she knows that the gravy train may be like a fall in a part pretty damn soon, so she's got like so a couple of CDs 10 or 20 anyway Got her own money though if any of them do Let me say it again None of them want off of that gravy Try okay keep that in mind keep that right in the forefront of your mind. Yeah, but it's not like she's a toy No, well, the toy of course now is really changed here till even more than Dr. Ankins a 30 search home a former Jackson producer and Celebrity justice has got a little bit of a blurb on this but not really worth not worth talking about Authority searched the home of one of Michael Jackson's former music producers for an hour Saturday But refused to disclose how or even if the search was connected to the B-sexy abuse charges data container is facing So like I said I better put the other thing out They were looking for documents and the records of phone calls and stuff, you know They were there for four hours Sheriff's investigators from Santa Barbara County where Jackson's cases unfolding search the Calabassas or residents of Markshire fell between three and four and a half in a while That's not true because they said they were there for four freaking hours just rummaging through crap Said John Capri deputy with the LA County Sheriff Department of Homies and LA County She fell who produced Jackson song what more can I give two years ago was not home during the search entertainment night report on its website Santa Barbara Sheriff's spokesman sergeant Chris Papas defined to say whether a search warrant was executed citing a gag order issued in the case Jackson, why we know that so Michael is the word about all them a little children and Jesus Doos and Janet is burying it there on a worldwide TV on a Super Bowl you think the people around the rest of the world were equally impressed No, no People are gonna turn on their TV on over the era even here in Canada you think they were impressed Oh, you can see movies all over the place, man hahahaha Well now there's that lesbian fantasy that we had from the poll on Friday in this one She looks a little bit like Christina Aguilar, but not quite as mousey in fact just to prove it's not her They have like a whole block of cheese next to where she's not even looking at it Seriously she's looking more like down On anyway. Yeah. We're gonna put like pornographic pictures on our website everything one on Yeah, huh? That's the answer, Eric. Well, the hot couple's contest will be like the prelude to that. Or play. It'll be a little bit of internet foreplay, and then after that, we'll have some kind of an x-rated picture on their every single day. Because obviously, if you consider response when you can see the response on that page, oh my god, it's unbelievable. We may break all records today. We'll see when we put something on there like the bush thing that had the buttons on there, which I thought was fabulous. You know, that was great. And that gets a, some response. You know, people are interested in that. It's fun. They play with it a little while. But when they look at these pictures, they play with it a lot more. Right. And then everything explodes. Exactly. Scourge court. Anyway, bush to pick panel. He finally came in. But he's going to pick the panel. You think Henry Kissinger might be on it? There you go. And Richard Firlen Paul Wolfowitz. They sound really qualified to be on that panel to investigate. President Bush who was given several minutes of free airtime to talk crap on the CBS before the Super Bowl yesterday in front of a worldwide audience of 40 billion people. Really ashamed. He will name members of a commission review pre-war US intelligence about Iraq's weapons programs. A senior administration official said today. The senior officials said the president consulted some appropriate lawmakers about the apartments rate bipartisan independent commission. Many such previous panels have involved compromises in which the president named some members and congressional leader select others. Bush could name the apartments as soon as today. But they also could come in a few days as the White House scrambles to arrange security clearances and other procedures for the panel members. Yadi Yadi. So they don't want to act like Dr. David. What was his name in England? K. No, no. That's the one here. Dr. David Kelly. Kelly. They don't want to wind up like that. Very good. Now, he came to Ark Kelly. Not Ark Kelly. Maybe you're a... Oh, and I got to get off this playboy TV. It's even starting to distract me a little bit. She's got a big breakdown in front of the... I mean, right up to the camera almost. In fact, it looked like the camera lens was stuck almost between her cheeks. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Our hot couples contest the first of a pair. First of two, starts right now. You go on, uh, contest in thearages.com. Email your pictures to that address. And we'll be taking, let's see, through February 13, which is what? Friday. Who the end of next week, right? Do Friday. And then the following week, that'll be the week we'll have people vote. In the meantime, they can start taking a peek at us, so we start getting entries. WQAM, hello. You're all in a sec. Oh, right. WQAM, hello. QAM. Yes, sir. What's there about complaining about? Do they call television the booth, too? Excellent points, sir. Yeah, that's why you watch it. 560, 50560. I thought that those last two people were the same person. Aren't they? I thought so. Simey's twins, perhaps. 560, 50560. You know, there's nobody like that one little of the member there. Carolina's a girl's team. Nobody will ever give credit to another team because that would be bad. All right. A great game or what? It's still was good. That inventory from 41 yards after having an rough start. There's Robert Craf. Great owner. Great owner. Great coach Bill Bolochek, the vested in business, even though we had a couple of rainfarts yesterday during a game couple of ad choices, but nevertheless, nobody's perfect. And they still won. And that's why soft voters. Oh, gee, what could that have been us? Why couldn't that have been us? What are we going to do? What are we going to get a quarter back? What about the offensive line? What about those receivers? Hey, J.Feele is going to be the man. He's gone. What's he him, no, Mal? How's the pull coming, George? Just fine, how's yours? Then. It's just, I'm telling you, there's more crap going on on this website today. But it was a slow start before we're shimicking up for it now. And you own a pongy, I think the Eric. I'm sorry, Eric. Jesus, the way you were bragging on his ass this morning. All morning all up that you still sleeping at Fed, tub a crab. He'd probably ate like 40 pounds of food during the Super Bowl last night. I can't believe you stand those things about my good friend. Well, you know how I am. A little. Plurdy duet. Justin Timberlake flashes. Janet Jackson's breast. To a worldwide audience. CBS. There is a good story as it Timberlake. But there's a whoops. It was a wardrobe malfunction. No wardrobe malfunction. Wow. Wow. Absolutely. CBS apologizes for too much skin. They should apologize for too little skin. In fact, all of an hour should apologize. Even MTV for too little skin, okay? Right. They want to get a really big view in audience of people that really care. They really are sitting close to the TV show us a lot more skin. In fact, the post game show should have been in the locker room if he asked me. WQAM Hello. Yes. Yes sir. It's nothing else. I'm glad to see plastic surgery worked out well for a week. One Jackson. Have a good day sir. Okay. WQAM Hello. I love the way you left my phone. What are your George? Obviously. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes. Did you hear the name of the name? WQAM Hello. Am I going to have him? No, not in your case. Not after this call. WQAM Hello. Meow. Yes sir. Tell me cool what he called. You know how they're all coming apart at the scene right? Exactly what I expected. They're coming apart at the scenes that you want to know why. Because the dolphins suck. That's why I was just a football game. It was nice. Great game. We're excited. We got a little titty action in there and top it all off. But it wasn't. It wasn't them. Other it is again. And we apologize to anyone who was offended by it. Anybody who was offended by it needs to leave the planet. Okay. Get on that first trip tomorrow. I mean give me a break and grow up America. That's the only thing I had to say to you is grow to hell up America already. For example, while they're all talking about that, we have it on our website. In fact, it was from yesterday. US officials knew in May Iraq possessed no WMD. Blair comes under pressure as Americans admit it was widely known that son of a had no chemical arsenal. Ready for this? I'll be just a little bit. I don't start doing a whole bunch of reading here. Senior American officials concluded that the beginning of last May that there were no weapons of mass destruction Iraq. The observer has learned. Intelligence sources, policy makers and weapons inspectors from may do with the details of the hunt for WMD. Told the observer was widely known that Iraq had no WMD. Within three weeks of fact that falling despite the assertions of senior bush administration figures and Prime Minister Tony Blair. The new revelation came as why not source is indicate that President Bush is going to establish that investigation in the intelligence despite rejecting an inquiry the previous day. He's been pressured to what he's caving, baby. He's caving. He just wants to make sure that Henry Kissinger is sitting there with a stomach on a button. You'll see, wait till you see the list of names of people are going to be doing this investigation. This by partisan group. You'll see. Okay. Heinrich Kimmer. Right. Hermon Gehring. Here's a really bad joke that happens to be true. What has 60 pounds of pasta covered with six gallons of mirror and air sauce and 40 pounds of ground beef mixed in it. It's pompot-opart. Freeze spaghetti dinner and it's tonight Mondays February 2 sounds like tonight. Tonight everybody who buys a pompot-opart program gets a coupon good for a freeze-pegd dinner at the fourth floor player's room. Then it includes your salad rolls and butter a heaping plate of pasta with sauce. And even if you don't want to waste program you can still buy a coupon for just to want to have bucks. It's the best bargain anywhere in South Florida. It's free for two and a half bucks. And if that's enough to get to come out to pompot-opart then try this one on for size. This Friday, February 6, pompot-opart. On one feature great nighttime harness racing action, sign-up casting the fabulous poker card room but it's the tracks 40th anniversary night and lots of neat stuff's going to be going on. They'll have live music including Christmas McDonald's tribute to the Elvis show. Shane Lamar Entertainment's triple shot fan giveaways, free prize drawings, family, fun night and tea card display and lots more stuff going on. It all starts at 7 p.m. and you never know one of the drivers might expose his booby. Located just a half mile from both on and on a five and a Florida turn, fight pompot-opart is easy to get to and as to all pompot-opart gives you free admission free general parking every single day. Live harness racing in the poker room I open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Poker starts at noon till midnight, live racing nuggets and away nightly at 705. Don't forget to freeze, forget he dinner, don't miss it tonight at pompot-opart. Don't miss it tonight at 4 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 8 p.m. 9 p.m. 9 p.m. 20 bin to 40 bin to 30 bin to 40 bin to 40 or 20 bin to 40 bin to 60 bin to Howard Dean just tried Broken, broken, broken In those motors, broken Howard Dean is growing just tried And worked Clark and Ferris, looked better than who he married A commonerist is what the doctor needs The hopeful and persuasion thing twice before this blade For big foe, made guns and horse E.D. That's okay. That's okay, yeah! I'll hell with thee. It's right. I'm gonna burn it out for you, Steve. Watch the system. Howard Dean just tried. I love it. 1132, he's not doing too good in these seven states. He's waiting man. He's staying out there on the sidelines. And then when Mishigan was consen, Right. And the Wisconsin and Mishigan. Any place else? No. I give up. Mishigan was consen. He's got a kick some ass there man and build up some of them delegates. How am I supposed to get? I'm good man about a doctor Dean. Nice try man. You got everybody whipped up into a frenzy now. Steppaside, make way for scary John Kerry. Isn't that the way it looks? Pretty much. Here's the ideal again on our hot couples contest. Number five. This is number five. It is. That's what it says here. Hot couples contest. V. I'm less the V is like for neckline. Where we'd are. You know I think it is number five. Did we do two the previous year? I did two over the summer while you were gone. Then we did two after you got back. Leave it to you to be doing a bunch of pornographic stuff while I'm away. Keep it up. I'll let's see. It happens. Till February 13th through the end of next week. To submit your entries and email your pictures to contestanteeerardus.com. Anybody's eligible to enter. How about people that won before are they eligible? Not if they won before but if they entered then yes. But if you entered and lost and by all means give it another shot. If you got you know, if your embarrassment factor is very low. In other words, if you're not going to take it personal. Try again. Maybe a different position or maybe like where one of them berkas. You know, come right here. Or take your shirt off this time. Then we can put those pictures on there. And the week of February 16th you'll be able to vote on them. And then you winner couple would most of votes. And of course it's always we don't whatever you do is find with us. There's no way first to control it's on the internet. Right. So they get all their friends and each vote 200 times and that's fine. We get a fabulous response on this. Maybe Eric makes about 15 bucks. Couple with the most votes wins their choice of one of these prizes. The trip for two to hedonism in Jamaica or or. For two to world always is casino in Bahamas and then the third place at the second place when it gets whichever trip is left over. And the third place prizes a dinner for two to the pizza loft in David. All contest rules on our website, roaches.com and email the pictures to contestatlearroaches.com. And that's the name of that too. Oh, but forget you can see Janet Jackson's movie just a flat and flopping and doing all kinds of things. Did we go right a little note on that thing that he said you know we did not. He just bitched at me about it. He always every time we do this he always gets a lot of emails. Having nothing to do with the contest just people think that that's a good place to write bitchy letters and about one about whatever about they have a boil. You'll ride your socks or George socks, you know stuff like that. Yeah, well come suck this great those are all deleted right away and it's not an avenue for venting requests or anything else. So in other words, if you didn't get your best of CD or the teaching one of those, there's a good place to get a hold of Miguel. Okay contest at neo-roaches.com because he doesn't answer his phone. He's busy looking forward to doing his busy stiffness see where she used to sit. Hmm. Well that's what I'm hearing that's what I was told by the beast. Oh, I'm done. 440 votes. Which of the or was that was that the chair to Randy use the suit? Yeah, well there's a contest. Come on Randy, she's the goddess. Don't be messing with her. So what we're doing now, I know we have to make a change this year. It's the politics and six shows what it's going to be. All right. Now there's the a kick again. Boss was my super bowl. John Kerry's new England Patriots. Then a precarious larger lesson from that. While the game was stolen. Curry Cole supporters that a Patriots victory would prove that a new Englander can win in sex. I agree. See how how do you like that? I didn't thought of that. 440 votes in just over an hour. It's a staggering total. We actually have an audience out there today, which means they really must be the press. Back to the Patriots. One or second Super Bowl in three years. I've gone Tommy. I've gone everybody on had team. Nice job. The presidential election 156. My next door guys. I'm 126. When will I see Janet Jackson's other booby 86? We can't say tit. Well, the dolphins make the play off the next season 23. Where are those WMDs 13? Will the government take away my guns? 10 now. Canner started a little bit nervous about that. If the Bush might lose is which he will know better. Will they take away my guns? Not if Curry gets in he loves his gun. Well, I go to have a 9. Will I burden the hell 6? Now they're starting. Now they honestly factor starting to come in a little bit. They're concerned will they burden hell? And you want to know why? Why? Because they've been looking at that picture Janet too much. Over and over and over again. Will the Panthers make the playoffs this season? No. 6. And will the US allow case to marry only 5? Nobody cares about that. Here's a really good. I might do a lot of reading today because I noticed the quality of the calls. It's a fun. Well, this ends up going to be a good one. WQN. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Yes. The deal shows. Speak to me yes. No, no. I've never seen how demon got to on the same place. Matt Bivins in the nation rights the daily outrage. And donations for terrorists. It's kind of short. Although some other ones I have later are a little bit long. Short long in between. Imagine if some bugaboo of the right Hillary Clinton say. Give the keynote address of the charity event linked to terrorists. Imagine if three whole days before Senator Clinton let her name at her time at the event. The Hill, a quality newspaper that covers Congress, had come out with a devastating report linking the charity event to a terrorist organization. One that is killed American sees the US embassy in Wartan and Glove would saw them. Imagine if the Hill report under the headline terrorist plan DC fundraiser also revealed that the red cross, the reported beneficiary of the event was having nothing to do with it. Imagine if two whole days before handwater public in Congressmen had demanded that a train general John Ashcroft investigate the charity and another would be invited to speak an outstanding wouldn't. Imagine if after all that Senator Clinton or Ted Kennedy or Howard Dean or Alfred Kennedy or their boogey man of the right never let showed up to give a rousing speech for a rousing fee. Imagine if one confronted afterwards he insisted she was simply helping the red cross and then when informed that the red cross days ago it publicly renounced the event mumbled I was unaware of that. How long to be before it was monster news before Ted Yankees were asking Senator Clinton that she didn't want to distance herself from the Saddam Hussein back terrorists he was associating so chemley with. Before thousands of email jokes all playing one way or the other of the lameness I was unaware of that were clagging up cyberspace. Meanwhile back in a real world as bubbling character was not Hillary Clinton but Richard Pearl advised that the Pentagon key cheerleader for regime change. Pearl school class weekend at the event for Iranian earthquake victims despite a compelling report in the hill that the event was favoring not the red cross but the muda had in e-calk a group to stay determined considers a terrorist organization and despite public complaints by two Republican congressmen. Then again the reason for that terrorist pacnis that the mk favors regime change violently if necessary in Iran. So one could see why Pearl would find them more fun to hang around with than say those losers over the UN. And in any case Pearl hasn't been very choosy in the past about who signs his checks to say nothing of who's checks he signs. Washington Post reports that the charity of an attended by more than 3000 people at the Washington Convention Center generated enough concerns within the Bush administration. It's some officials talked of blocking it entirely FBI agents attended and the Treasury Department as we froze the essence of its prime organizer asked about the controversy Pearl told the post he was getting paid to help the red cross told the red cross had days earlier publicly renounced the event he said I was unaware that. Guess he's not quite the Middle Eastern expert he's claimed to be the most of us had already figured that out. The act of insidulation when you stop playing there's cornea clause I like it next me feel like I'm not play the cornea clause played again. That's enough. Okay, how's the poll come out I love this poll today man. I haven't had a poll like this in years. Maybe we'll see in Tom Brady pull it out there at the end of the game. That's going to be. And I'm going to do the pull it off. Just and pull it out. No, he didn't pull it off. What a thought that first if you're going to pull it out you have to have one just and. But you borrow one maybe has like a stunt penis you think. Scrap on 450 six votes which of these is most important to you presidential election 164. Thank God we still have some people who care more than just about getting late but. My next orgasm 132 is right on the president's ass. When will I see Janet Jackson's other T 88 will the offense make the playoffs next season 23 will I? No, not unlikely. Now what is crowd where are the WM all over we got number 13 is there and look at that where the WM these 13 seats for Danny boy. Will the government take away my guns 10 will I go to heaven nine will I burden hell six will the Panthers make the playoffs this season six and will the US law gays to verify. How to 450 six you can vote on our pool but then you will immediately want to go and check out Janet Jackson and the distant thinker bell as he keeps whipping it off and whip it off and whip it off and it keeps hanging out and flopping around. You think they're for real by the way. No, no. What about her or boobies 19 till noon at five 60 WQM I'll tell you place that's for real. He likes a West Booker the number one low car store in the world everybody in their brother now is on some kind of a low car died. And that's why you want to find the store they'll give us some variety because the problem with the kids and some of these other low carb diets is that even though they can be effective for a lot of people it's hard to stay on and because they are in a word boring. Now when you go to a device of West Booker because they've got to work 1000 low car products and stock to keep your a diet. Interesting. Some variety they got breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies chocolates ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheese cakes and lots more. They've got the whiteest selection. They're open every day seven days from 10 an a until 10 an a p.m. You can try anything in the store before you buy it and they've got the full line of Atkins brand products around sale today next circus Easter Sunday all day every day. And everyone low carb store in the university lights a West Booker. They're on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column at 1 877 low carb L.O.W.C.R.B. or on a web it's low carb.com. There's only one detail I saw West Booker's official atkins retail center. And low. This is 426. You wait too late. Oh, 3, 2, last walk. The Chinese anthem and the name of this week is that the cheap gaming armor of the United States. I was out of half NASA building ship art to. Is it we ain't gonna know. Oh, we're going. We are going. Going to the Kakakum. Yeah. We get back in the streets but not like you see. I have an up-the-box zone. Help us this time. I used to help a new life and it's gonna be worth it. And two kids else really high. Go in, we are going. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. Going to the Kakakum. He's off tomorrow because they got that Bo is going to be doing that special look to David Buster's that Marlon thing or whatever it is Okay, and then Let's see Hank is in the studio on Wednesday Then starting Thursday he's on a world Caribbean Pludging his guts out. Well hopefully a couple of pounds of it anyway Come on Hank losing answer to it. It almost any money, but losing answer to Canadians to Bush hope he lose a Even before we know who president Bush will be running against this fall Canadians have made their decision Only 15% according to an exclusive new poll conducted by McClayans Canada's weekly news magazine or that McLean's would cast a ballot for Bush if they had the chance only 15% And if Americans remain almost evenly divided 50% approval yati adiati There was no such did they ring on this side of the border Just 12% of us north of the border feel Canada's better off since Bush took office and Less than a third response will admit to liking the world's most powerful man even a little bit Oh, you ready for the eye love it. How's it going? Hey, W. Bye bye I'll just think of Elwood say bye bye Have a good friend see you then right now Billy Snathoo, Haliburton facing more scrutiny for Iraq deals. Oh, no, that's gotta be mistaken I know yeah, it was built 42,000 served 14,000 Hey, but it's just about meals okay, maybe they weren't happy meals. Maybe they were unhappy meals You know the kind you pay double what you're supposed to it's an unhappy right also speaking of polls Since you honestly, we got a few people out there For I still interested in you know the future of the world. I don't want to gain by depressed because we got the thing about the bird slew Which I'll get to in a bit So where? Germany okay Lady who came back from Thailand all you pedophiles out there if you want to stay alive and don't be spreading all your disease Tell the rest of us go to Costa Rica do not be go to Thailand anytime soon. Please. Okay, it's for the birds Anyway, the national poll according to Newsweek John Kerry is Johnny Jagai how many points he's got to lead? About 30 but third man, right? 45% of Democrats pulled nationwide support Kerry how are dean is down to 14% so it's 31 A North Carolina Senator John Edwards with 11 Carrying out strikes two thirds of Democratic voters 65% as they contender most likely to be bush in November Overwhelming 82% of Democrats Few Kerry favorably now. This is coming at the same time that a president a has his approval ready Slipping to historic all-time lows While Kerry's enjoying his bounce in the polls bushes approval rating is at an all-time low in this newsweek poll Slipping to 49% with 43% approving are ready for that you following that following 43% approve 49% say Almost half 49% do not want to see the president reelected in the fall compared to 45% who do which represents a slight improvement is Favor over last week when 52% didn't want to be elected For the first time in the newsweek poll a majority 54% believes the bush administration miss interpreted intelligence about Iraq But a majority 51 to 41 also believes bush didn't willfully lie to the public right and I got some fabulous find in the Everglades It only 50 cents an acre really yeah, you love it I see Edwards is pulling strongly against the president the hypothetical match up with 44% for Edwards 49% for bush Where's the rest of where's the carry? What is this is about just two like it's too complicated, okay? We'll put it on a website one of these days We'll put it on a website. I heard when I get around with Suspected birth birth location Germany before I get to that I guess I should do the other story about the fact that now I don't want to get people nervous right before I but the w h Oh, the World Health Organization says that birth flu may pass between humans Not a good sign Two Vietnamese sisters who died from birth flu may have caught the disease from their brother in Hanoi Vietnam Which would be the first known case involving human to human transmission in the outbreak now sweeping Asia the WH Oh, yesterday The source of the system infection is not been identified but investigations have failed to find such a specific event Such as contact with sick poultry is not the worst in a sick bird or an environmental source to explain the cases WHO spokesman Bob somebody said what's his name Barker Bob Barker No other cases of people catching the virus from other people have been suspected anywhere else, but now this story German doctors are examining the case of a woman suspected contacting bird flu during a recent trip to Thailand The woman was taken by ambulance to a Humber Institute for tropical medicine for tests said far apart Mesh folks in Peter Brown probably can do a verner on Brown and Carol mostly Brown Another woman who traveled with their to Thailand was also taken to the Institute was not suspected having contact contracted the disease Health officials in Hamburg were not able to confirm this suspected case there have been 18 suspected human cases of birth flu in Thailand Ten of them have died the human cases have been traced to direct contact with six birds But now we got the two in Hanoi which are people of people person a person I think like that. I don't so another I don't want to say that if you see Somebody from Thailand out there on the street or somebody who hey, I just came back from Hawaii Run like a son of a bitch. I don't want to say that. But it's probably a pretty good idea You know, I mean I don't say that I just came back from Southeast Asia Run like crazy. I'll call 911 and jump into a goddamn phone booth and locker real tight Which of these is most important to you? Bam, how did that? It's in an amazing how stuff how crap happens? Yeah, we started out today like spreading like crazy You especially because you're nervous nilly Actually it was me Because Eric was still sleeping and I know we was sleeping as fat ass off. You know and This is a new deal because once they do it the first time Then it becomes well becomes like a habitual like Once I've got a noise problem, you know, we we've been through that last summer Once somebody they doesn't show up the first time because they had a little bit of a Substance of these problems and they start like Oh Making a habit of it and they become very un reliable So here we are sitting with love them, but our toes in our hand and Nothing on that website not the poll not any new stories certainly not Janet Jaal and so let's go ahead Janet Jackson's breast and now we got we're going nuts How do you like that? Which I think the lesson here to be learned is don't ever sell Eric short Okay, he says we're being attacked now What does that mean the website you know children? Whatever their age Well, well, how do you know that how do you know that? Don't know that I'm just speculating he said that we're being attacked now You mean that by that worm by something maybe the worms trying to get into the toy Yeah, yeah, I did it again into Janet the same person isn't they're all the same saw one first all Michael We're under attack way he's you know such a nervous now the anyway Do you believe him why not why would he line? Okay, we believe him WQA him hello Yes, sir Hey, would that Janet Jackson say yeah, yeah, that was the sign So if you really look you could see there's a face to you like the star looking over her Right, it's a star but thing Yeah Just like you start heat right. Oh, did you notice that yeah, we did I'm glad to see that he's you know looking real close aren't you? Yeah, if you look real close And he put your like I write on it WQA and hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sure? I have a idea for a Something coming poll fucking to tell you about it go ahead. How about Reverend Jones? 567.0560 boy you out now see I deserve credit for that. Yeah, I know is that much not gonna say it anymore Well, I waited about two seconds and then I said to myself that's Reverend Jones That's a major asshole who they is crazy. Yeah up and coming as an up here. Right come Well, you're right this thing is really spastic. I think we're being attacked there it we're being attacked Everybody has the county Everybody get in your desk. It's cool being attacked by a vial virus by a bug. I don't really think we are I think we're just getting a phenomenal response on there. Don't you okay sir? Colonel server error view out yours What my little what Fine until you try to reload it 4 minutes till noon at 560 WQA and a really spastic Monday. It's great. Just the way we like to start the week Okay, if your carpets aren't so great. Here's the answer for you know what to do by now But tell me about these people for over 20 amazing years in fact over 20 years I've been using in my house because I know why call anybody else nobody does a job like these folks Add dry concepts you for carpets are a little bit worn out after the holidays if they don't look for the bright and sparkling It's just like brand new here's the answer Don't waste thousands of dollars on expensive new carpeting just called dry concepts and they will dry clean your carpets and bring them back to life They'll make them look just like brand new like you had new carpeting laid right there on your floor And they'll be vibrant and color against off to the touchdown smell and any fresh They'll be drying a couple of hours and when a folks in dry concepts will walk out They hand you a rose you hand them a check and you'll look around and say this is like a miracle right on my floor Also for your upholstery your furniture. I'll you drape for all of these things They do an unbeatable job and they never rip you off They give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start to work call today and see how you can say 15% on your next carpet Then you would draw concepts as soon to put your ass on your stand by list and save you even more than usual Nobody in a world doesn't like these folks try a month. He'll use him for years like I have call him tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or check them on a wicked worldwide web it drag concepts dot com Fair lot it beat it well the one hour on wq And now a word from Howard Dean's wife. Hey tell her hand-actor Judas Steinberg's wife President who covered it Howard Dean you can call me Judy not judge Judy that's that different Reesky people want them though why I'm hardly ever on campaign fair with how he hey Did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself I make proud for this and I look like a shane of punum Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much you this, huh? Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of Michigan For those of you who don't to compete to you this that means crap. How is a good guy? Though he's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him I remember one time on the right kids left a cap off of the toothpaste I thought he was gonna blow a gasket the veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth The vent was sugar. I spent 23 years with this shagots most of the time is a match but on occasion I hate him I think my husband how he would make for a very good president one of the things I'm a little peoed about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV I've one of our section the city. I got a shot down to campaign headquarters What are the crogers to watch on some tiny black and white set? I have never seen any program in color, so I know Jackie Kennedy Hell if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't learn makeup I'm like a whisker away from being amish don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints Anyway, gasagazont that's here this for that to you this time look over and out T4 by the committee to elect John Kerry president. Oh, I'm about to a five sixty W. Who I'm happy Monday to I don't think we're being attacked by anybody I think we're just getting a phenomenal response on here Which goes to show you if we could just put some famous celebrity naked person did I say just on Friday? Yeah, yeah We ought to start like going through the files we could put Brad Pitt with his penis on there again Which everybody's seen that? What other famous we could have purse Hilton on there, right? Even though she's a cranky nasty needle nose bitch We got the video and all kinds of you name them. We got them. We got them. Yeah, well starting today man Where's gonna be politics the two peas politics and perversion? Right, okay, it's the pp show And no, I don't want that pp try calling in Friday. No fake pp from pepper pines, please 567.0516. Now let me ask you this you think that we need a I mean the idea that anybody should have to warn their children to see a breast I mean is America we did that back with the American we did that repression America that really hung up on the filth and of the American body Jesus man Grow up America man grow up Pretty neat about for real good in the job in Atlanta. The only question I have in my mind which probably is you know Introduced your mind too since we found out about that Mm-hmm Market down in the counter. February the second. Okay. I'm assuming he's just starting now all I don't know maybe he's been there for a while stuff just to found it yeah in the website too What would he or he obvious question is how long will last please Scott? Dude, I know that's bad. Come on. That's terrible Do yourself a favor, okay? Kona down on notch like do the opposite of Emerald, okay? Turn it tone it down a couple of notches instead of up Right? Bam just Wasn't more than that were all those people dying? Yeah, it was five six said that was in such fan taste. I didn't say that just you did five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line This is just a miracle today. I can you can feel it. It's the second of February. It's our first show in February I think we need to put all the other stuff that's transpired in last since somebody came to town All I can be behind okay stick it in your behind. Right dome. Just forget about him WQAM hello. Oh, it's Bob WQAM yeah, yeah, sir. Yeah, hi. Did you have this LA time story on George Bush the Grand Canyon and Noah's flood It's a great story and he or times as it too Bush is Park Service let's eat Christian cell books as I didn't the Grand Canyon was closed by Noah's flood So we we had that a couple of weeks. Oh, you guys had that yeah, we're way ahead of it. Oh Because I don't what I just the whole world will be talking about the Christian wackos are taking over a whole Bush is I want I want I want to I want to state this deal. I want you listen me here clear. I'm not joking They ought to be talking about that they ought to be talking about the so-called weapons and mass destruction Which they now admit didn't exist and don't exist and never will exist But what they're talking about is Janet Jackson's breast You're so right about that is and you're up. They showed us all over the place and right there anywhere you go Man you turn on TV your channel surfing here's porno here's a naked breath In fact, they got like in Russia. They have the naked news woman. She's start naked while she's reading the news in Russia It's just I didn't even let that half time to zoom well you could go get a lingerie ball I people so upset to watch girls in lingerie tackle each other That's for which goes to sure they're not getting much Okay, what did I heard like on the Christian TV? I couldn't they said this true if the story of Noah is false in the whole Bible false And I agree with them on that absolutely correct. It's the first honest thing they ever said That's probably see on a C.M. Mars What are what the Martians believe huh? Oh, I know what I was gonna say before and I stopped because it's to the pressing right on the thing with the bird flu. Yeah See Mars is a gigantic dead rock Can you stay alive on it once upon a time? Okay, okay, but right now it's big and dead Can you know what somebody the earth will be Huh, that's big and dead Yeah, and the reason we know that and of course moving to Mars setting up colonies on Mars won't change anything because one of these days not soon Not soon Maybe no week or two No, not soon But the sun will die out like all stars die out before that it'll expand it and go off all of the other planets including this one So it's just a matter of time so have a good time while you're still alive. Okay. You're not gonna be in heaven You're not gonna be in hell. You're not gonna be in purgatory You're not gonna be on your rain is it's just It's just is and you can make up all the fairy tales and bubble noises and you can Subsidize it and you can squint your eyes. Have you ever seen a religionist how they always the God squad? They always had their eyes squinted you know and I think when we were real hard and concentrate that the Lord is gonna answer the prayer Of course you almost never do so you don't know if you scrunch your eyes really hard that means you're praying like intensely right? I thought that was only when you throw stones in the shoes at the devil at the big rock over there No, you gotta keep your eyes open for that stamp paint kills 244 at high school of Grimage Here's a classic and please please don't insult yourselves folks by saying well Well, that's just that barbaric religion man. That's a they're all the same. Okay, right? Especially 240 a big important especially those Middle Eastern religions like Christianity and Judaism At least 244 people were trampled in death and hundreds more hurt yesterday Under the crush of worshipers and one of the deadliest disasters during the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia You know what this is comparable to That you know in Pamploma Spain. Oh, yeah, yeah the bull thing when I have the bulls Yeah, and there's always always a couple of people give killed and a few other people get outboard great The stamp heat occurred during this stoning of the devil. Let's get a bad the stone that ever All an emotional and notoriously perilous, haj ritual pilgrims frantically throw rocks shut insults or hurl their shoes at three stone pillars Accitor or that pillar That's what you don't watch the show. Accitor supposed to demonstrate their deep disdain for Satan They go ape No St. Dameshers were in place at the site one where fatal stamp pizza been frequent but caution isn't stronger than fate said Saudi Hajj minister Leaad Madani All precautions were taken to prevent such an incident, but this is God's will he said Oh, yeah, they passed away because it was God's will They're just as crazy as we are The stamp heat broke out on one of two ramps linked to the 50 foot stone pillars tens of thousands of people around the uppermost rampages about the width of a Five lane highway a Thobby said a few pilgrims fell causing panic as pressure broke up in the crowd behind worse than a soccer game Moncer altrukey of these of these Saudi general security forces said about 10,000 general security officers were on duty at the time Their intervention resulted in containing the pushing toward the pillar to prevent even more pilgrims from falling The same area was the scene of a similar deadly incident in 1998 2001 and again last year. It's becoming like a ritual like a yearly thing We're gonna have a whole bunch of people die because they're pissed off at the Satan. Yeah Sunday's tragedy marked the worst disaster at the annual Hodgson's 97-340 pilgrims died in a fire at their tent city in Mena, Mena near the Holy City of Mecca I thought Mena was in Dracula was that a good yeah, that wasn't me now Nothing could be me neither them trip to Pasadena most of the dead Sunday were pilgrims from inside the Saudi kingdom We may not have been authorized to participate Madonna said it was unclear how many foreign pilgrims died But each of these new agencies reported that 13 Egyptians were among the dead So there you go more crazy religious people I apologize from our redundancy 567-0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line We got a lot of crap going on from Monday. I'll tell you that we got Janice Jackson's tip. I'm gonna tell a teeth movie Tini breast breast now. That's no fun Prest is on a chicken 586 votes on a poll and we got a great poll for you today which came out of nowhere I think I pulled it on my back them which of these is most important to you the presidential election 2016 My next orgasm 162 score short when will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth 115 will the dolphins make the playoffs next season 29 Now Where are those WMD 17 will I go to heaven 16 will the government take away my guns? Uh-oh a dozen good dirty dozen Will I burn in hell seven probably will the US allow Gaze to marry six probably not and will the Panthers make the playoffs this season Highly unlikely only six out of five 86 I mean listen I can't tell you what to look at what to be excited about you can't change humanity You got to go with the flow. That's what Diana Ross said go with the flow, right? Right If the public likes Motsa balls you don't put like Chittlands in your soup and you chicken soup you put motsa balls in there, right? Okay, that sounds good. Yeah, I do like an ice full of motsa balls Boring chickens and sounds pretty interesting. That's for like Sammy Davis Junior types and Rod Carroux Problem is past noon at five 60 W Q a M ham. I want to tell you about something really good speaking of a stuff to Embybin and that's indirect style, but it could truly delicious me over placement drink that just happens to me aid for people like yours truly living with diabetes and man of my ever fat ask me if I'm fat Are you fat gigantic? But anybody wants to cut down their sugar intake and drink this and enjoy it Edirect diabetic taste rate because it's sweetened with splenda which is made from sugar So there's no nasty after taste like you with asked retain in second recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition Just because they're in a big ass hurry Anterex diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides you all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus Fiber antioxidants yet its low-insaturated fat and cholesterol Anterex diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free and eight ounce can provide 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition You try and rest diabetic once and I guarantee Antia. I'll bet Josh's life on you'll never go back to whatever you'd written before In fact the makers are so sure gonna love anterex diabetic to give it away free full-size samples Delcini way to pack for free one vanilla one chocolate day anybody who caused their toll free number 1 866 368 3739 you can pick it up all over town Public's Walgreens, Echrets, Navarro, Sedanos, CBS and other local pharmacies, but again if you'd like that free to pack 1 vanilla one chocolate call toll free one three set. What is it 866 368 3739 let it give it again 1 866 368 3739 or fast-react order for yourself on our website Interestioabetic.com just click on words as free samples tell them that Neil sent you by for the delicious one get an additional special gift to for Interest diabetic We are supposed to be a little 5c for You a yeah Coming up tonight on inside of a high in the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story Salt and pepper may push it one of the biggest dance club songs of the eighties and to this day Scholars still debate when a music history's toughest questions What could the song impossibly be an above? Well sadly I don't know if we'll ever really get to the bottom of what the song was trying to convey to the listener Pop music historian Peter Principal. I mean push it This can mean a number of things Push the door open for example. Yes push that door open real good Push the button on that home appliance of yours push the button real good push the stuffing further into the Turkey you see how deliciously open to interpretation as song is but one renegade journalist Rolling stone rock critic Matthew Britney Spellis as shaken the music industry with his allegations that pushing Could be about the insertion of the penis firmly into the vagina. Hey, I look at that song from every possible direction Then hit me Christ all mighty this song is about And Britney Spellis is nothing but a fitter field writer who wants to revive his career with these accusations of pushing being about the Act of sexual Congress Next thing you know who be saying all those red songs about entering women from behind are actually about entering women From behind Never know for certain what push it was all about only one thing is for certain It's a big juicy shopping wed look at show business tonight on inside the behind and I know you do what I meant by that Oh, you're gonna love this. I can't believe this what you just facts me. This is the best Feds outraged by hack time show miss ham. Oh, this is so American man. Unbelievable Is there more to this oh There's another page. Oh, yeah, I got to have it on its way. Oh, there's one well, I'll try to read to this something here It's not a good facts Now is this for my benefit this diagram that you threw the you see drawing it because apparently there was some controversy and people were coming in and asking about about what that was Unable a lot of people think of the pace It's not a pace the it's a piercing so I did draw it out for people. I'm showing them the close-up that I got here. I see it's got even instructions George You're pulled nipple through the submarine and two push post do nipple to secure right and that's got a thing of looks dangerous like a nail I sure hope she don't get like yeah That's the post what technically exactly Well, I heard you got a big shot in her back home for the show The cheat and a big target by the one the chief federal regulator or broadcasting said he is outraged by the Super Bowl halftime show They're taking away CBS's license high bet or they're not Which showed Singer Justin Tinkerbell tearing off part of Janet Jackson's costume exposing her breast. Oh my god Tinkerbell blamed a wardrobe malfunction, but FCC. Oh, you know something seriously The guy that called before that I told him I mean Sure, there gotta be a part of us. They're gonna be like maybe 5% of the population We just have to find our own planet before it's too late right Mars. This is what your government is worried about innocent people are dying There were 56 more people how many? Whole bunch people died in Iraq there were two yeah at least 56 with suicide bombers yesterday We had 244 crazy religionist to die in Saudi Arabia We've got the bird flu, which we don't know if we could have a next pandemic which could kill millions of people if it really does Transfer from person to person if it could be transmitted that way and the FCC is worried about a booby on the Super Bowl This is just so like I said freaking American man FCC chairman Michael Pollock called it a classless crash and a horrible stump MTV which produced his show in CBS which broadcasted both of they had no idea that their half time show Senate would include such a display. It was just an accident anybody with a brain would know that CBS deeply regrets the incident spokeswoman Leslie and Wade said But two singers were performing a flirtatious duet to end the half time show with tickabelle singing Rock your body and the Lysie saying at the moment of truth were I'm gonna have you naked by the end of this song The first clue is beyond a shadow of it. I was just an accident Right with that Think about a week's surprise Jackson's mother's granny era and pulled off the cover you were right Press which was partially obscured by a sunshaped metal nipple decoration Wow The network I can't read this next sentence. Can you read it? No, it's that way. My turn. Oh, then that were quite quickly Came away from the shot they came quickly and didn't make reference to it on the year in a statement FCC chairman Michael Powell said I am outraged at what I saw during the half time show of the Super Bowl Like the millions of why should you be outraged? Take some boob to see what it all on it. I was going before Like millions of Americans my family and I gathered around the TV for a celebration instead that celebration was tainted by a classless Crash and deplorable stunt our nation's children parents and citizens deserve better Yeah, they shouldn't see them both They should have seen both of her movies. They should have seen top-rated naked after the game and locker room hanging out with his pals I've instructed the commission to open an immediate investigation last night's broadcast You said volume well I want to lie in a floor and make moaning sounds. I can't take this. I can if this if this were joke I'd say this is very funny for sat tight if they would like the fake news that they have on those sites This is the end of the world right now to this story I have instructed the commission to open an immediate investigation in last night's broadcast He said volume it would be thorough and swift Early when FCC spokeswoman Susan Tetro said it was launching a routine investigation because it received complaints That the shot was too quick and they didn't get to see the other who do they met Messages looked with Jackson's record company and her personal pubisists were not returned this morning MTV CBS's corporate cousin via comm and partner in crime Issued a contrite statement of a while already read that which had a apologize saying the answer was unreherzed unplanned completely unintentional and was this consistent with the chances we had about the content of the performance at the end of the year press release So I said you believe us Take your bell city did not intend to expose Jackson's breast The fact maybe thought that the star was there was really Michael and there wouldn't be any breast at all and we thought the thing I'm sorry that anyone was offended by the word-rob mouth functioning in half-time performance of the Super Bowl Tinkerbell Sedanist David it was not intentional and is regrettable Wade said CBS officials attended rehearsals at the show all week and there was no indication any such thing would happen This is that we already had this part It's unlikely that MTV will produce another Super Bowl half-time ever Those bastards those miserable perverts The RTV channels cannot erupt seem material at any time and cannot air in decimaterial between 6am and 10pm The FCC defines of seam material as describing sexual conduct in a Patently offensive way in lacking serious literary artistic political scientific value in These material is not as offensive but still contains references to sex or excretions Now let me ask you something yes her booby excreting anything Not a lot me squeeze it and see if it does in decent I mean how does it even fit in the definition? In an interview posted on MTV dot com that he's before the show Jackson's choreographer killed the Delo killed the dildo talked about the show saying she's more stylized more feminine She's more woman as she dances this time around there are I can't read what that says no They somebody has censored this other There's something in there too. There's something in there and it's not breast milk So there you go the FCC is investigating thoroughly So rest assured America those of you have an nervous breakdown because a partial naked booby was on a Super Bowl last night with billions of people Wow, you know how the rest of the world is laughing at us again Well back during penis gay when all that stuff about Bubba and the blowjobs was going on Remember that group probably below job and arrested the world will say are you people kidding me? You're impeaching the present because you got a couple of blow jobs You people have to be insane you pure tenical lunatics you religious nuts you God squad the you you Jesus freaks And of course they were I'm serious it makes me weak when I read crap like that Of course it's good out of his case anyway takes the pioneers obviously at a tremendous effect We're gonna break every record we ever had in our website today In fact Eric said he was getting an overload. I think he was talking about how much he ate during the Super Bowl last night, but he said he's getting an overload Never have an overload score score cure all the time. So there you go America is obsessed from maybe they've been awakened from their sexual appearance Maybe they've been finally awakened to realize that maybe nudity on TV isn't such a bad idea and that all this you know Dancing around the edges survive or island this turbine and all this other crap We don't want to see all that crap. We don't want to see real world the real people Omega we want to see real naked people on TV over the year not not on cable not on satellite We want over the year naked people now by in a clock tonight right you bet all right In fact if ABC would bring that back that who's hot or are you hot or whatever that was that are you hot? Right and have all those people start naked and get rid of your buddy there What's his name Lorenzo? Lomas get rid of Lorenzo when his llamas. That's you have an 90 sure easy right guarantee I'll produce it and you can go out and find the talent all right. I'll be the scout 26 past no to 5 60 WQM EF turn out to repair our people you can trust your car to you know You'll put up the yellow pages to auto repair and you got 80 billion maybe not 80 Pretty good in different people. You want to take your car and got all yours What they'll do to it and how they'll rip you off you can trust EF turn out to repair there at 53 North Federal Highway just a mile and a half North of Sample Road in prestigious Pompano Beach or the haven that free spaghetti dinner or Pompano Park tonight at EF turn out to repair Experience the different that experience makes all the mechanics know their stuff They're certified technicians current with all latest technology and most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 years some of them there EF team is over 200 combined years of experience and no job is two bigger two small of the EF Whether it's a blown fuse a blow an engine anything in between from a 73 Toyota to an O4 Bentley EF turn out to repair does it all for you all jobs are meticulously thoroughly carefully double check Iraq receive out the shop foreman and every car is cleaned upon completion of work EF honors most extended warranties may offer you a wide-away service. I'm most repairs to EF turn out to repair 50 83 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach Be sure to ask about their 90 days same as cash to interest credit card when you talk to these folks call them at 9 5 4 4 2 6 99 26 that's 9 5 4 4 2 6 99 26 Be sure until that perverted old Neil quoted to call EF tarot a repair nationally recognizes one the most successful auto repair Facilities in the entire US of A at EF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody know where will work harder to earn your business Baby Bree did SoAh-uhhhhhhhhhh Happy Monday Carrie! by the way speaking of that dude I just play okay that's what made me think of that girl in that castro she's not selling us she's not pitching those uh sof is no more what she doing she's working for a governor pataki she's a republican what a surprise and he was just ripping Hillary and asked that grumpy a grouchy old imes with his 80 billion dollars doesn't do many good though he's still the same piece of crap 651 votes and it's 1230 are you prepared for this yeah we are getting a response on that website to lexah which i mean aggrity eracle probably be able to retire after the show to my make a buck and a half it is phenomenal and why is it because of those brilliant news stories that i worked my as slave to fine for you no is it because the hot couples contest is getting started now no is it because of those nifty cartoons that you emailed a erick that we got on there no no is it because of that bush thing with the uh the buttons and all that stuff no no it's because we got janit Jackson's titty and i checked them at the other websites and i got a hand see your all-airic arrelipology seriously you were ragged on him so bad this morning i he I wouldn't be surprised if he just says screw it you know even though it is a laborer of love screw it right right because even though he or he slept in a little bit it was super blown my last night i slept in extra 15 minutes because i stayed up and extra hour after the game watching uh W.S.B.K. and Boston on my digital cable where they had coverage from W.B.Z so i was up real late i only slept in extra 15 minutes but in airspace when he was 600 pounds it takes a while to like you know when a big bear you know starts rustling around a little bit and they about 3 and a half an hour you know yeah i mean yeah starts moving around a little bit and starts trying to take a deep breath you know like it in a little fresh here so we can crawl out of its uh cave that that's the deal with there but once you get going man there's no stopping no holding him back 651 votes which of these is most important to you it's a damn good thing i had a juicy pool like this today you know with this kind of response damn i mean i'm day when we don't have any audience which is most days why even bother fc the launch probe of breast bearing incident there it is on CNN for a celebration instead that celebration was tainted by a class he is crying the horrible stunt our nation's children parents and citizens deserve better he went out to say i am a better pair the commission like you're putting a meeting i beg your pardon you we deserve better like Brittany getting the thing yeah we deserve better Brittany naked that's right in time Brady up there whether celebrating after the game doing the old boogaloo the boogaloo the old boogaloo that's right remember Bobaloo he's dead anyway this thing is like so wild now i can i i shouldn't have done that i shouldn't have said anything because i'm giving myself a canary five six seven five sixty pound five i want to have one dolphin fan call it and say nice job patriots congratulations he would know you've been a patriot fan for about seven or eight years now long before time Brady was ever even hatched and uh... nice going away it was a great game huh i mean the game was the best game ever and unfortunately and of course this is good for dolphin fans because now they have something else to talk about is if there wasn't any game at all and is if the patriots had won the superbowl two out of the last three years just have the decency to say great job at the way work we see the other booby something little class just a little class we know it's right a lot of class from south florida just a little teeny tiny class thirty q a m hello yes sir i love the page it's uh... even though i am a dolphin fan i've been down here for a long time but the pages play great game i agree with it wouldn't you think that most people in south florida sent being a dolphin fans if they are would have been for the a.s. team right absolutely but i think that there's a lot of jealousy involved there you know i'd be it's definitely a jellist thing you know i like to they uh... they can admit it uh... you know the best that the team on basically they're far i mean when you win fifteen games that are worth not a fluke as the 72 dolphins absolutely they're new i call it i would have been a hero on to hot yeah i used to be on that show i'm very hot i'm very sexy yeah and uh... i just wanted to promote my other words i come out yeah i uh... it's uh... i'm too hot dot com web and johns live yeah you're ready to go for a night's good keep most of the streets keep away from the track five six seven oh five six you see kept waiting for me to hang up on them and i wouldn't do that's what kept pausing right exactly i wouldn't do it i wouldn't bite w q m hello i do yes sir it i'm ready would let you would you play them yes would you for that way oh he would want to answer cb's first in line sure why not was that a trick question or something and i was just a trick if tom Brady would let me are you ready or mine sir you have any idea of the females that are just crying and pong and just falling all over his body and in front of him and behind him and in between him and up inside of him now it was funny because during that the a pregame thing when i had about fifteen minutes of burrb about Brady and it's for a mermaid from a mechigan from college so he couldn't even get a date when he was in school and outcourse every female on a planet just wants to uh... peace of him the answer is a very enthusiastic yeah yes okay what's the thing hard about that no the answer is yes and other guys is squeezing it going nuts you can't you can't you know can i get a answer could grab regulations i am i am a dot of a person nineteen sixty seven and right they were the better team and on a second note what is the big deal i didn't see the genic act as thing i have to go watch because i got to see it who cares by a calm on cbs by a calm on cb that the other right there yeah but now michael talc here is man the s c c they're gonna get to the bottom of this oh my god so who's gonna pay the fine big damn deal so he can serve the people he's gonna pick the head up the right the blue Michael Paul he's a little bit pissed off i like that i like your spirit pal your my kind of god say that right away my kind of guy it's got to get me fired up when i hear someone say that kind of guy in sensed over these religious these fundamentalist lunatics who are destroying america making us but in fact i got a great story slouching toward uh... the ockercie okay water great well not gonna do right this second damn it but i got it and it from time pain dot com i built brokowist long time political observer and calmness slouching toward the ockercie about the bushes and about this whole family say it again and you you're not gonna believe it if you if you don't want to but it's the truth if you're a multi-millionaire or if you're a part of the god squad those people are the ones who should support bush everybody else should be running like crazy for anybody else that's of course part of the god squad and you don't need a job is that it yeah here's the uh... result right now on a poll which of these is most important to you presidential election to a hundred and forty six thank god this respect of the audience has got that one on time six hundred and eighty-eight votes six hundred and eighty-eight votes and it's twelve thirty-eight the afternoon are you believe in this staggering can you handle it you better tie yourself right into that chair man like in a straight jacket okay tape presidential election two forty six minus orgasm one ninety three when will i see janit Jackson's other teet one forty one will that often make the playoff's next season and now thirty two where are those wmd's twenty one will i go to heaven nineteen will the government take away my guns fourteen and now it's just uh... you better read the rest of them because mine is just refreshing my uh... doing stuff on was just changing will the u.s. allowed gays to marry eight will the panters make the playoff's this season seven possible but unlikely will i burn in hell seven out of seven hundred and one vote oh my god i'm weak as a need for Michael Paul in the FCC the freaking you know what i got to play the FCC song there you go as corny as it is right that oh brother what what is this hello unlawary may and i'm delken hard here when i'm that the thing forget about that one but another one i'm talking about the original the off key uh... horrendous it's it's this fits so perfect michael paul is outrage and they want to know america know that they're going to look into this thing now and they're going to find out why the hell we only saw for just a half a second and we didn't see both movies in addition with their fake it now that constitutes an interesting question some of the legal minds out there some of the better legal scholars better finger this out as first they do for this start finding them fifty bucks or whatever it's going to be but you're the man do fake movies really constitute nudity because it's not for real i would be like a stup penis i got to be more i already asked the lawyer that like a dildo because these the offensive thing is the nipple so it doesn't always really since when that that's the edict in addition to which and i know i've said this before men most of them not all of them most men have nipples yeah okay hairy no not always but at any rateman have nipples why is it that a woman's nipple is so much more verboten because something comes out of it potentially yeah or something comes out of a man's do if you buy hard enough it's called blood twenty till one at five sixty wqm hey guys last time you looked at it you decided it's just too small it doesn't impress women it doesn't leave last as long as you used to we're talking of course about your paycheck call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train start you new high paying computer career by the way that i've mentioned i'd like to put my foot up tide rest at last not lately in just four short months fast train cannot be get a new high paying computer career to demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy sure a lot faster it's growing faster than Todd pick up the phone and call fast train today toll free at one eight six six fast train with seven locations fast trains about i have a campus nearby you fast train office you job placement financial assistance for people to qualify with day night and weekend classes there's no excuse to stay in that didn't job another minute if you register now you can have that new high paying career in just four short months count if you can all fast train because now you two can have to big one you can check about the web first at fast train dot com and then make that call and change your life in each of a big impressive paycheck and get a life call one eight six six fast train lie wow waterproof your sports video 560 USA everyone we're time what are we gonna do iDr We are all being screwed. I think we're better. Why is the happening to us? We want the everything to get our fucks. There's no place for us now. We've been detergent. All around in the mouth you can't listen. But now you will find any words that will come. No fun to be. Don't go by the FCC. No fun to be. The story by the FCC. There'll be nothing left. Or up to enjoy. We'll soon be playing with children. For all I feel fun to be. And the story by the FCC. No fun to be. The story by the FCC. They want us to be queen. They didn't know what we should be. We'll try to fix it to us what is real. Young enough. Leave listen to us. I think young enough. Please don't put up a fuss. Help a touch of shit. The FCC but you've not helped us. With one thing you'll rather. Can't do it. Are myself like thou help him. Don't put it up from the shell that the FCC. No just how you feel. And maybe we'll get the things our story will. The FCC what are you two. We'll soon be playing with the FCC. She's a busy. Our waiting for flight. In fact, they might die. Because of the FCC. You must have done what we can do. The FCC you've done what we can do. You've been trying to handle records. That's the DJ's play. Two boys. I'm talking to you. I said three boys. The stand and fight for what truth and your honor. Into so far so we can tell the FCC what the answer for us is. Our new brothers. And so far are on your side. Three boys. We have nothing to hide. You can't go. You can't go up in your mouth. And maybe the other teams will say, Out. Out. For the FCC. In the morning now. For the FCC. And I even now don't want to know. What's the stride of the thing? We are the FCC to play. The FCC. Go away. The FCC. You know what that FCC. Let it live our lives for the FCC. The FCC. The FCC. Go away. Go away. Always careful not to step on that. We play out of all of what you're, it's really camping. You know. From say that. No, it was not say it was WYNC was before Zeta. Really? Wow. That's old. That's when we had a nine share 12 plus on the WYNC. Yeah. Zeta and you're so. Frank Axelocato are good friend. And his crowd who are at LA were well, they don't want to take credit for that one. 1249 and also wasting Wayne Hallendale. I was a great era man. Wins and Zeta. All of these things. Big Arnie says that was the breath. Super Bowl I've ever seen. Nice going. 744 hosts and I pull. I just, I'm not really great. You know. It is enough to just make me want to squat on the ground here and just drop a gigantic load. Anyway, Bill Berkowitz. This'll make you drop a load. Slouching toward theocracy. Remember the government's faith based, faith based initiative? One of President W's gifts to his conservative Christian supporters. This week marks the third anniversary of the initiative, which after being opposed by both levels and conservatives and losing its director. Faith in into obscurity. But make no mistake. The president marches on his wrath to shift social programs from government to religious groups. After all a Stephen Mansfield writes an introduction to his recently published book The Faith of George W. Bush. No one in recent memory has pounded that pulpit for religions role in government quite like the 43rd president. Bush's unapologetic religious tone and his willingness to speak of being called the presidency of a god who rules in the affairs of men. And of the U.S. O.N.H. origin to Providence also separates information predecessors. Since launching the White House office of faith based and community initiatives, OFBCI three years ago, Executive orders of the Nishute set us for faith based and community initiatives were established at seven federal agencies. The Department of Justice, Agriculture, Education, Labor, Health and Human Services, Housing and Urban Development, and the agency for international development. Websites were created, technical assistance in Godbooks, help religious groups apply for government funds, and billions were earmarked for faith-based institutions. It hasn't all been smooth sailing for team Bush. While many conservatives eventually got on board, liberals continued to object to what they characterized as violations of the separation of church and state, and the potential discriminatory harrowing practices by religious organizations, fundamentally opposed to harrowing gaze and lesbians. John DeLulio, the longtime criminologist and political scientist hired to run the OFBCI, resigned after six months and later was the subject of an Esquire magazine interview, highly critical of the administration. A major crisis developed when the Washington Post revealed that the administration officials tried to solicit support from the Salvation Army, by offering a firm commitment that any legislation would allow religious organizations to sidestep state the local anti-discrimination measures, barring discriminatory harrowing practices on the basis of sexual orientation, and Congress is still batting zero when it comes to a comprehensive faith-based legislative package. On balance however, team Bush has achieved much more than most people think. On January 15, the White House issued a press release boasting seven milestones for the President's initiative. As originally conceived, Bush's faith-based initiative was to be the centerpiece of his administration's domestic agenda, spearheading the final attack on the New Deal and the Warren poverty, transferring a host of government programs from government agencies to the religious sector. Through reports and executive orders, the administration has laid the groundwork for doling out money to religious institutions. Under the principle of equal treatment, the administration's tried to eliminate regulatory and administrative barriers that effectively discriminated against faith-based and community groups in the federal grants process. Funding continues to flow from Washington for services delivered by faith-based institutions. Last year, the President unveiled an initiative aimed at monitoring, or answer at mentoring children of prisoners, along with a $600 million program to help addicted Americans find need of treatment for the most effective programs, including faith-based institutions. And last September, HUD received $8 million for housing programs, and HHS nearly $20 million for social service programs, a fourth of which are competitive grants thus allowing religious institutions to bid to provide services. The administration also discovered religious hiring rights, in other way of scurting anti-discrimination laws, while providing backdoor support for faith-based organizations. Despite the Salvation Army controversy, the White House is steadfast in its efforts to give faith-based organizations the right to discriminate in their hiring practices. At least two pieces of legislation with religious hiring rights provisions were under consideration by Congress last year. These school readiness act of 2003, HR-2210 laws of religious organizations providing head start services to discriminate in their hiring practices that bill is now before the Senate Education Committee. The $4 billion workforce re-investment and adult education act passed by the full House on a party line, 2204 vote, included a similar exemption of faith-based groups. In November, the Senate removed the employer discrimination exemption, Salon Conference. And now Florida Governor J. Bush's CAUT is brother Zeele for the role of faith-based groups in government. This past Christmas Eve, the governor presided over the opening of the nation's first full-fledged faith-based prison. The governor participated in the dedication ceremony, featuring a Roman Catholic Mass, and speeches by Bush and several clergy members that officially opened the Ramallah-Lawati-Kirakorechal Institute. The prison worse within mates convicted of felonies such as burglary hold-ups, car thefts and assaults, and 80% of them are within three years of release. Inmates represent at least 26 different religious faiths including Roman Catholics, Protestant Jews, Muslims, Jehovah's Witnesses, 7th-day Adventist Mormons, Rastiferians, adherence of American Indian beliefs and Buddhists. This is not just fluffy policy, this is serious policy, Governor Bush told the London Daily Telegram. Americans united for separation of church and state are taken to govern seriously, in mid-Jay-Neway the Watchdog Group file a freedom of information request with the Florida Department of Corrections to learn more about the program. Given the windfall of federal funding directed to a faith-organizations groups committed to these separation of church and state will have to work cut out for them. The young of a spending bill contains a hundred million dollars for the access to recovery drug treatment program announced, $50 million to the mentoring of children of prisoners, and $48 million to the compassionate fund. The initiative is spreading to the states, but the end of January, Team Bush expected at least 20 governors would have faith-based offices early asons, and in addition to US Conference of Mayors is open to faith-based office as a 180 Mayors, including the Mayors of Philadelphia, Miami, San Diego and Denver. It may just be that involving faith-based groups in the delivery of social services is a trend quietly sweeping the country. There you go, God bless America. Nothing to crack in your pants. But the FCC is going to take your things on radio and TV, have no fear because Michael Powell is here. Michael and his oozing Powell's. Can you get over that? I know. A government reaction. I mean, it wasn't bad enough to think with Bono, you know? I mean, first of all, if you watch the sporting events live, especially hockey games, which you know watch, but if you watch hockey games, and they have the mics hanging low over the ice-suggesting here, the sound of the sticks and the pucks and the rest on the ports, and you hear air-vey, air-forward, and S-H-ward, and everywhere in the summer been invented, how many times an hour? I'm 30 years at least. At least. Nobody gets all bent out of shape about that because I guess it's sports. But the bearing of Janet Jackson's breast is that he wasn't the sport they had in mind, okay? It ruffled some of those pitch skins up there in Washington with a God squad, and Michael Powell and the FCC are right there, to make sure I major investigations going to be held. And your tax dollars are going to pay for it, by the way. Yeah. Major investigation. We're going to find out. Who was behind it? What the hell was that thing really on her nipple? I was just in and on it. I wouldn't surprise me if they fry his ass, to which I would say. Oh, right. Yeah, he was the one who got in him. Well, wasn't hurtful. She didn't whip it out. That's right. She was just a dancing and singing and juke and in jibin and doing her thing. Try to sell her CD. She just put jewelry on it because you had a hot date later. That's right. And he just whipped it right off of there. Shame on you. Perfect. 1256 and 560 WQM. You got a laugh man. You can cry. You got a laugh. It's a panic. It's a hooter. If you're thinking to buy a new car truck, well, if you want to save a ton of cash, I invite you to visit Armstrong's Toyota homestead. Lucky that on US 120 minutes out of the 86 Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are to save a craplot of cash on brand new Toyota's. Check out these great prices. An offer Corolla loaded including air that you own for just 1290. An offer canry with air automatic in lots more just 1690. Either truck, how about the 04 Toyota ton with the safest truck in America? From just 1490. And when you buy your new vehicle at Armstrong's Toyota homestead, you get a free sun pass. These were the first guys in the area you offer your free tires and batteries for life. General manager David Richen, the entire staff will do whatever it takes to put you in a brand new spank and Toyota today. Experienced the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're looking for when they operate it and are committed to 100% customer satisfaction. The service department is open late week nights till 8pm to make sure your service work is done and done right. Convenially located in the US 1290 third street in the homestead is 20 easy minutes out of the 86. So if you're tired if you're nauseous with those mega dealers who over promised an under deliver, then this is the place for you. Call our friend David Rich Armstrong's Toyota homestead GM right now at 305-242-3247. 305-242-3247 Armstrong's Toyota homestead, Travel little and save a crapload of cash on that brand new Toyota. This is for 305-60. You're way too way. Oh my favorite republicans, this is Madras and it's time for the skiers bail-plowning. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers. One to two. Power! Wow! He's got box! Yeah, he's a billionaire! You can be dumb! And he's got waterproof hair! And he knows! And baby just to you, I hear! If you should roll up all the dead you, that's you all fine! Who can't you see? You're sitting there and don't bring what's more than has to go! And take it double the shore! This ain't no way to die! We can't walk through all your! For Donald Trump, you're an angel! We can't walk through! You're about to go! We can't walk through! Can make you show! We're getting from our home! Hey, Crony, Blake! I'm just like to 105-60 WCM, Mad Dog, and I'll get to the hospital from Vegas before. Here's a fact from Lewis and Miami Beach, because some of the places claim to me how the team their choke is super bowl away is getting more and more credit and respect on the team that won. What? I don't know. There's no sense to make, here I get a few fluke offensive plays, their coach jokes, their kicker jokes, their defense led by former, and this is crap, man. They played a great game, Carolina. Jesus, I'm not a Patriots fan, he says, but I can give credit where credit is due. I don't hear anybody taking anything away from the Patriots. Except maybe Mo, they're looting. They're looting, you know, they're always looting. Hey, Lewis, calm down, okay? Let's see. Conclusion dolphins. Dolphins, oh and 16 next year, life is beautiful. Speaking of the facts, yes. Lady and Del Rey, who is trying for the third time to facts the nine page, not funny facts. Please, please. Lady and Del Rey, stop trying to waste our fast paper, okay? We hate that crap. That facts are back begging her to stop and here it comes again. Oh no. Bitch. Art says CBS hired Error to promo during a super bowl for a choke two and a half men. Apparently about a couple of guys raising young kid in it, they showed the kid sitting at the kitchen table. While the attractive woman reaches up to the top of a kitchen cabinet, closing her bare ass, thong that presumence says her bare ass, spectrum. They venture a reaction to the kidney and answer comes back with some snappy report about the show. Says it got my attention evidently asses okay, but a tea with a pastry is not. The ass was much more attractive than that squished implant. Good point, Art. And these are another one, another website. Well, stick it over here, okay, stick it. Now we do have the, we have a still shot, the big, the big one on there. Right because the animation was, uh, part of the animation was screwing up the website. But Error's going to have a link to the animated one and also the close up. So those of you who are really, really, I mean, disparate. I just want to sit there and stare at a big, paint, you know, I can hear some read now. Just the squished implant. Yeah, I'd like to just a verb, you guys. Put that aside. And a squished implant with a thing over it over the nipple. What is it again? A piercing. Well, not just the generic person. What is that? A ladder to par. It's a starfish. Whatever it is. And sit there and stare at that while rubbing yourself raw with a, uh, a bill, a bill, a bill, a pet or even better yet with an SOS pet. Uh, have a good time. Okay, it'll all be there on our website because it's politics and perversion. That's the amount of 2000. We're going to give you lots more. And right? That's what they want. Perverted politician. Perverted politician. Which will be already got. We don't want to get too serious because tomorrow's that heavy duty primary day. And two caucuses. One of my fixed name is Michael. Those are those perverted primaries. Which of these is most important to you? That's our full question. We have 812 votes. Holy crap, man. Can you believe it? We might break a thousand during the show. Now, we did break when you were on vacation one week. We did break 900. Remember Josh? Yes, we did. Yeah, we broke 900 on week when, uh, I think when the beast was sitting in there. I think most of them were just protesting when he was in there. Or maybe most were just happy that you were getting some time off. Probably that. Yeah. Oh, I said that in a very, uh, you know, generous way. I didn't say we're happy that you weren't there. They might have enough. Which of these is most important to you? The presidential election, 287. They're whipped up about that direction. My next orgasm, 233, which some of several might be working on right now. We're looking at that. What is it again? That squished implant. If I want to make sure I get it right. Thanks, Art. When will I see Janet Jackson's other booby, TD 164? And by the way, Michael Pollot, the FCC says, Don't be making fun of this. This is serious business man. That's one serious fake squished booby. 164, one and a one. They see the other one. See if it's a match pair. A match set. Will an offense make them play off next season 38. No, we already know the answer. Where are those WMDs 29? Well, I go to heaven 28. And who am I going to be hanging with up there? And what will the food be like? Will it be kosher? Better be. Will it be trif? Yeah, better be kosher up there, okay? Those of you who don't like Delhi forget about it. Throw it set in the brochure. Go on and screw your neighbors wife and go to hell because if you like Delhi, if you don't like Delhi, you don't want to be going up there. Will the government take away my guns, 17? I worried about that. In fact, I'm probably polishing it right now. Will I burn in hell, 10? Will the pancreas make a play off this season? No. 9. And will the US allow Gaze to marry 8 out of 822 votes? You're right. We can make a thousand. Let's put the big push on. What do you say? All right. For a thousand. We don't make a thousand by two o'clock. George will be on for the next six weeks in a row. Every day. Not just on this show on every show. I'll upload on every stage. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Turn into a wonderful day. And I've handed that right before the show. I was right. You're happy. No, wow. Was till I sat down here. So I realized that Eric was screwing up. Oh boy, he's sure making up for it now. And he is working overtime. He rises. He f-ed up. He understands. But he's not going to do it again. No more sleeping in late. He's going to be getting up 4, 5 in a morning now. To work feverishly on this because it's a labor of love. WQM. Hello. Hey, Uncle Meal. Yes, sir. What's up? How are you doing? I'm not doing that. Hey, I'm not buying a whole janit action. A parent's period. I think it's the whole Jackson clan. Turn up the line. Turn it up. Exactly. I wouldn't be surprised me if she was drinking some Jesus' juice before she went up there. I'm sure. All right, man. Take care. Good luck, you pal. You'll leave it. Zynamerica man is they say in little of an Azynamerica. No, what they say? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. If you'd tune it late, we got the big hot couple's contest going this week, which ties right in there with the Janet Jackson squishy implant. Hopefully you've got better boobies if you're going to set us up on nude pictures. Right. Dates to submit entries now through February 13. You can email your pictures to contestednealrogers.com. Also, any personal messages you want to relate to, Miguel, feel free to do that. Contest at neorrogers.com. If you didn't get in your stuff on time from our best of this year any other year, just send them a little note along. He'll be pleased to get it and probably can fabbly lay back with you. You have to block your emails at neorrogers.com. Make sure that your firstborn is killed. They've devoted to the hottest couple. The week of February 16. I'm kind of forgetting being seen on ancient. We just put them up there as we get them. Right. That's where do we not? Huh? That's how we did it before. Well, that's how we're going to do it now. We put them up there. And then we don't let you vote until we get them all together. Right. Right. Well, we can't because we don't want to give anybody a head start. Right. That would be unfair. I mean, the fact that they're going to have 85 of their friends vote in 10,000 times each. Like I said, we have no control over that. We want to make a disclaimer right off the bat. If somebody appears to be getting 40 million votes and they look like crap. Well, maybe that's it and looking like crap. There's hope for all of us. The couple that are most votes wins their choice of vote. One of these two prizes. They trip for two to hedenism in Jamaica. Or trip for two to the world. Or waste is casino to Bahamas. And the second place to run a rupkits. So whichever trip is left over. They get leftovers. And the third place prize. A dinner for two to the pizza law, which will not be leftovers. It'll be your actual meal at your order right off the menu. How about fourth place just leftovers at the law? You get to go with Remarkton. We did that. The Michigan State. There was a great restaurant. Coral Gables was the name of it, which had nothing to do with Coral Gables. Floor, I don't think. But it was called the Gables. Okay. And it was a bar in the pizza joint. And what we do because it was always packed on a weekend. They were packing it there. And so because we get impatient going. And of course being college wise asses, you always have to do something just totally unacceptable. So we would take like people would leave like crust and stuff on the tables after they left. And we would like go around while we're waiting and waiting for our order to get filled. We'd you know grab a crust here and a crust there. You, right? What? I'm serious. We used to do that back in our day. Crust your also work. Drink a lot of mysterbrow. To worship down. 560, pound 560, on the AT&T Verizon wireless line. We're going to start a campaign to take CBS off the year. Not in TV because they got some good flesh on there. But CBS is going off the year. WQM. Hello. It's George my plan. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. I'm very lucky to out there. He's friends like a fudge packer. Yeah. Well, packed it. You only wish. You only wish you had the the beautiful lovely whatever he's got. Whoever they are and whatever they are, whatever they got. Just hang it over your ass. Chilus puts. 567. I'd wish to be like we're just about out of call here today. It's pretty saying. They're all busy on the website. Is that it? They're busy with each other. They're going to see what all cells do. Maybe with each other. And pull it the same time. 567, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. They're lying one. There's something. I don't know. See what I mean? I knew it. Oh, I am. Oh, yeah. I don't see it. Wasn't even ringing. I always know when I line one is messed up. And a puppet that it was on. You know, the it. WQM. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Hey, we're going to do a fish release of WMD. 560, pound 560 and I'm going to move. Yeah. Maybe you can stick some of my pure actome. That would be good. God. They're all out there, aren't they? And guess what? He ain't going to release any. They don't have any. It would be kind of like suspect now at this late day. To say, oh, gee, look what we just found. I don't know. I don't know. Only that asshole would believe it. See our tour. Oh, look at that internal server error again. I better stop talking about that because every time I do it, all of a sudden it goes on over. Give poor Eric arrest. Okay. How we're going to do it? If it's a thousand, no, if we, uh, what that's right, we can't make a thousand and like I said, hop on it. That's why they're hopping on. I say so much crap. I forget most of it anyway, huh? Which is probably just as well. What? Hey, 12 at a time, or one, it's like, oh, wife, you know, they say so much crap and you try to forget about 99% of it. Hey, president stays less than two weeks away except the one blind about, oh, I forgot to take the pill honey. President stays less than two weeks away. That means that these mall stores and sheriffs are going to be running the same phony macrosales they run every year at this time. You know, the sales where they double the price, then say, hey, we're going to give you half off. Biggest thing can deal. If you really want rock bottom prices at the best, uh, mattresses, 365 days a year, then pick up the phone call 1-800 mattress. That's the number for the good folks at dial a mattress. No phony sales. No BS just every day on beatable rock bottom prices on the complete line of the top makers and universe. They got them all. They got silly. Humans, King Quill, temperedic and Stewards of an Anis Foster. Choose from dozens of models at a low everyday discount prices. You can rest easy and enjoy a great night sleep with one simple call, 1-800 mattress. Why anybody in their right mind would go to those betting and department stores and help pay for that big overhead? I have no idea. So don't be a smuck like them. Call our friends at dial a mattress, 1-800 mattress. Only dial a mattress lets you choose the two are delivery window that meets your schedule any day, seven days a week from 8 an a.m. until 10 p.m. and the mattress is part of their overall customer satisfaction. Mercred to with low prices, same day delivery, free setup and move loads easy for anyone to see. Even a president could figure it out. Why dial a mattress is ranked number one at customer satisfaction. So what are you waiting for? Call them today. You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight. Like I've been doing for years, George Brian McGill, Book of Brown, whoever the hell they are. Fatboy, they've all been called 100. Mattis is going to great night sleep every night. 1-800-MATTRES, what do you say? Or online it's mattress.com. And look, this is 42560. 1-2 a.m. Books begin Billy Bums, Mama with the thick gazons, cans, drugs, cantaloupe, sweats or bulls, top heavy hemispheres, flesh, melons, warmer gears, top stoppers, creamers, things, triple d balloons. And the residers are here, don't matter what you call, we still love the ballroom, and the residers are here. You're so busy, because we love your cities. 8-9-10 a.m. until a lot as you can't stop us now. We got a lungs, raisins, do's eat, pipe on naughty bits, pod, lights, snack, tray, big buffers, heavy sway, filling benjos, that's not all double, cover cannonball. 3-9-10 a.m. No matter what you call, we still love the ballroom, and the residers are here. You're so busy, because we love your cities. 8-10 a.m. Every side is higher. No matter what you call, we still love the ballroom, okay, calm down. Let's have a tea that 5-60 WQM, two suicide bombers with explosive wire to their body, struck the offices of the countries two main Kurdish parties. And nearly simultaneous attacks in their Iraq yesterday, killing at least 56 people, winning more than 235, and the Divis Assault in Iraq and six months. Elsewhere in American Soder was killed in 12 or 1 in Iraq and attack in a logistic space in Bala, 50 miles north of Baghdad. You know, like I said last week, it's just their numbers now. No names, no nothing. The just numbers and the toll just keeps mounting and mounting in pretty sort of it'll be 600 and it'll be 709 or a thousand before you know it. Anybody here? No, not really. Don't let's it from their family. Amolus is somebody they care about. Let's see, Brian says, Ray, Tinkerbell and Janet Jackson next week is the probal. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is great. Brian says, I can't wait to see what Tony better does to Katie Lang. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's a beautiful thing. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. How are we doing on a thousand votes? I don't know if we got 870, either 130 and 41 minutes, so we can do that easy. A lot easier we can't get any calls here. Now look at that phone. Pretty damn deadly. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. WQAM hello. Hi, hello. Neil and George, how are you today? Okay, so you're a member of our call, you're in. I heard last night on one of the news channels and the call. The call is hand remarked that. I'll tell you a more. Now, color, you know, the beam has taken more money from lobbyists than any other candidate in history. I found it all ridiculous to me. I thought they were saying carry took all of that money, not Dean. Right. They're hearing. I don't know. Dean was saying that about carry. Oh, okay. I'm very, I'm very, I don't know. I don't know. Website you can go check and see who really is supporting all these candidates. Uh, good question. Somebody will order snow. I don't have no idea. I'm sure there is somewhere. Okay. It'd be very interesting to see who's really. I'll find out. We'll look for Sharon for you. Okay. Thank you. But it actually was Dean saying that about carry. You know, I'll see if I'm Howard Dean right now and I really care about the country. I mean, granted he raised 45 minutes on the internet. A lot of people put a lot of time and effort and energy and was campaign. But the handwriting's on the wall, Howard. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Handwriting is on the wall. Some people just don't want to read it. Yeah. What do you all to do? I mean, he's in single digits and every one of these primaries and caucuses. The Marce single digits. He has no chance. I mean, you know, pick up a few delegates here and a couple of there. But I mean, it's just a fall on a part. Right. And by making these attacks on carry, all he's doing is helping the other side. That may have been fine in the early days of this campaign. But to be carrying on like that now, it just is that kind of cut the mustard. Totally. Only wants to do his rip down carry. And you'll see tomorrow Arizona, Missouri. Carry. Gonna win gigantic wins and knows. Also in New Mexico is Dean. Gonna win any of those five or those seven of them aren't? No, not any of them. 67% is pretty much what he's doing all across the board. At least his consistent can like two Libremen. 560560, you know, when we haven't done all day today, haven't touched line nine. QAM, hello. Hey, New, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Excellent. The thing I find kind of ironic with all these right wingers is man. It's like a syndicine unity, but you can see like the dead bodies of like Saddam Hussein, on TV man. Right. That's why not not of American soldiers though. Only if they happen to be a wreckies and evil doers. Yeah, man, we'll get that man. I was looking for the future for them in a sorry, but I mean, the kind of joke when he's all planted up a man. I don't know what kind of hairy got up his ass or anything other, but it just didn't focus him. Did you say he'll ever up his ass? Well, something, I don't know something big and media. I don't know. But yeah, man, it's just ridiculous man. I can't stand it. Well, I'll see you at the board, man. Okay, right out of the people who might go bail. Bring a lot of that American cash. And you used to be worth a lot. The end of it. Well, it sounds good to me. Yeah. There's a Taco Bellar, mom. I'm not too far. I think he inspired me right there. Especially since it's going to be 30 degrees today. What's it going to be? But 30, man. Well, it's like a heat wave here. It's unbelievable. Man, like spring. Just in case cash or no business, then you can repeat that tomorrow, Paul. So it's getting mild and Toronto. See something different anyway for your show. 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Don't forget, make sure your kids no matter how young they are. Take a look at our website today. In fact, if you let your kids see a lot of new to the after-while, let's make any different, anymore. Yeah. I can answer them, for example. All those little kids, groups of school kids, and they're walking up and down to the red light district. And it's like the mean up no more. It's not a big deal. So like, oh my god, it's a titty. It's a movie. It's a penis. WQM. Hello. Hey, about this man. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. All right, speaking to you, please. Speaking. Hello. Yes. I didn't answer. Okay. How are you doing sir? The half time show was successful. I don't. If they want to continue doing that forever, be great with me. I got your man, sit there. Bye bye. Okay. Hmm. I mean, really when you come right down to it, the, because I don't watch the half time show. I would never watch it. Yeah, me, the, because you know, watching a game. But I mean, I flip over to other things and watching the news a little bit. I'm checking out whatever else I can find. But for what everybody tells me, the actual incident itself was like just a millisecond. Like about a half while, you, you see it. You see how long it was on there? Not even a full second. I don't think it all of a sudden. It's switched away from that. And it did it for the scad. Don't ever that leave for millions and millions of frustrated desperate Americans who are just dying to see a booby on TV. We're not talking about going out and reading a portal, flicking some sleazy then store somewhere. We're not talking about, you know, going out and peeping through somebody's window. We're talking about just turning on your regular TV. We're not talking about running or subscribing to the Playboy channel, which is the government finds that out. They'll take away your goddamn Visa and MasterCard. Look at that pair. He would not have the board and count ever, so nothing like that. Do it, what do you say? I don't know. I didn't hear anything. Good. That's good. I'm glad I'm either. I didn't hear damn foul. I wasn't paid attention. 567. You better start paying attention when I put that crap on. I'll tell you right now. That's plausible deniability on my part. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got a spot. I guess I don't have a spy report for you, but I just got back in the town from Vegas. I was reading some old articles. Yeah. And I guess I've found a country in Kendall. I guess nothing new with the glory. Old news, sir. Old news. Old news, right? Yeah. They, was there a joke on the royal signing down there? No. Not yet. Not yet. No. Okay. And one last thing. I think on the Ryderstein team football playing with Tom Brady, movie. Okay. There you go. Me too. Tinkerbell and Justin Tinkerbell bears Tom Brady just rips his uh well of course Tom was in the locker room. He was busy. Have time. Probably refreshing himself with all of his teammates. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But don't be talking about guys taking showers together naked and stuff like that. That's your bag. Not my bag. It's more, talk to me. I thought when he comes in, he'll tell you all about it. Let's, he would really go sign in the locker room. As long as he don't repeat it. How many votes we got on there? We got 8, 8, 8, 8, 8. I love it. I mean, we need 112 to be a buy a tour clock. But this might be tough today, you know? We're not, I'm not making it. We can do it. We need a thousand votes by two o'clock to break the all-time record to make sure the Georgian on the rest of the week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 8, 8, 8, 8, which of these is most important to you present in selection three or a three o' nine. My next door, guys, in 250. When will I see Janet Jackson's other booby 181? Well, that often's make a playoff next season, 41. Where are those WMDs, 31? Will I go to heaven? 29. Will the government take away my guns, 18? Will I burn in a hell, 10? Will the path is make a playoff this season? When hell freezes over, 10. And will the US allow Gaze to marry? 9, no chance. No chance, man. We don't want the wrath of the Lord come down on a murker. And bad things start to happen. 26 past one at five, 60 WQM. Welcome to Chinese New Year in with the Amulcoes from now through February the 8th, which means another six days. Do you remember, Coast Ridge Traditional Chinese New Year specialties? Holiday specials include, roasted duck, suckling pig. Can I say that? No. Sweet and sour fish. And in the summer of the Chinese dumpling served every evening during the New Year's celebration. With each meal, every kid receives a traditional Chinese New Year's lucky charm. And, Amulcoes still has its regular buffet to light-sweeten for you. So in other words, it's a gigantic feast even bigger than usual. Strowed out with any of six different soups, try their great great armphrase like New Year's trip. Made to order their sizzling Asian grill. The brand new seafoods ain't shot, oysters on a half-shell. Alaskan Stone crab, middle-neck clams, Zembo Shrimp Scampi, Han Carr, Primrib, New Ties specialties too. And they've got a full salad bar. A brand new sushi bar in Fresh from Cocktail as well. Don't worry about headaches at the Amulcoes because they use no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap they cooked everything only in cholesterol for your oil as well. And if you have any room left at the end of this fantastic feast, shovel in little bit of dessert because they got a full dessert station featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes and pastries ice-cream dollyfavorit toppings too. They'll have to witty out of there in a wheelbarrow but you have a big smile on your post. Three Amulcoes locations for you, they're in sunrise, Pine Island of Forty-Fourth Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and the other section of the flamingo and pameracros in, Pembroke pies. Take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now let the folks at the Amulcoes cook up a feast for you. Take out and delivery available to call 9-5-4. 5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. It is absolutely unbeatable the Amulcoes Chinese buffet. 5-6 is 5-16. Three of those yours now. Happy William! 5-8-6-29. You get like put to life, yes it like put to life Got like put to life, yeah it's like put to life Put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, yeah it's like put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life You get like put to life, put to life, put to life Yes it's like put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life, put to life Got like put to life, put to life, put to life, put to life That deciding, konfinite使 the fame ourified But I think if you put to that Ukraine report We say okay, we read the legislationünstlyn has men's education that is always in place Look to the Assembly its coming, I just bought this bill They didnt even have food More work, less enduring There all around There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world There's a lot of people in the world Not to be out there. She had his yesterday. I could go and show him. He's the booms. It's 415 this afternoon. A worldwide. Alistair Crowley. I'm 121 votes on the pool. 921. We got a shot. You know what? Yeah we did. Mark Caragosa is on TV right now. There are no cameras in the courtroom in the office. Got Peterson trod as anybody care. No. Even the tabloids stuff on that. I don't even bother reading it. Why should we care about that? I don't. Anyway, on the MTV website, I thought you might be interested. Well, here's a picture of Janet and Justin. But of course, she's not the barony yet at this point. This is previous to that moment. The organizers of the Super Bowl have time. Show a hat hope that a surprise guest would get people talking long after the game. But they wound up with one more surprise than they had bargained for. It says MTV. Janet Jackson's right breast was exposed to the Daniver performance. Oh my God. After Justin Tickerbill who was expected to be the biggest surprise pulled off of a piece of Janet's costume. As a result, the move. Some 70, what is it? As a result, the move, some 72,000 fans in the Ryan Stadium and estimated a hundred million people watching around the world saw more of Janet than expected. I'm sorry if anyone was offended by the wardrobe malfunction. Well, that's Justin again talking crap. MTV, which produced the hat time, show a shit of statement which we already read, which a yaddy out of we regret. Justin didn't release any official statement after the game, but a representative to MTV. New she apologized. Everybody's apologizing, okay? Except, of course, FCC commissioner Michael Powell, some of the umptious lying, bastard colon policies, we're going to stick our nose into this man as deep as again. We might even check up Janet. Back to make sure we get all of it. You might even be more crowded there than in Mac Roger's back to when I doubt it. Anyway, oh, exib the case is Marilyn off guard. Marilyn Monroe. Okay, and you see the headline and right away, let's look at that because that could be great for our website, but it's not what you think. Oh, it's out of Berlin, a new exhibit of Marilyn Monroe photo is many previously on publisher the screen icon and some of her happiest off guard moments, not off clothing but off guard in New York far from the Hollywood glitz, cuddling with playwright Arthur Miller shopping in Manhattan or splashing at the beach. She was splashing it. Shot by Sam Shaw Monroe's favorite photographer in a lifelong confinant, the picture span 54 to 58 a time on Monroe tried to shatter blonde sex bombs show image and moved in the York to study acting. There she met Miller who became her third husband in 1950. Sixth I'll say it again for a beautiful beautiful woman like she was. She had to have the worst eyesight in his German kind. Arthur Miller, Joe de Maggio and well, she married to, I don't know. At least she was screwing the Kennedy's with Solicius with K.S. there. And she banged Uncle Melty. She did? Yeah. Oh my god, no wonder she killed herself. Man, oh man. She was a slut. Well good. That's what we like. Everybody likes a slut. Once upon a time a slut was in derogatory term. I can be being old-design. That was a nasty thing. She's a slut, you know. But now, if you say somebody like, with a Brittany, she's a slut. Everybody goes, Oh, right, right, exactly. By the way, in case you missed it, also were here for Ralph's working in Atlanta on FM. Keep the job Scott, okay? Keep your nose clean. That's my best advice to you. Keep your nose clean. We told that to be there, but we didn't work. Keep your nose clean for Ralph. Oh yeah. Right. That's your buddy. For Ralph? You're 928 votes on a pulving. We need 72. We might not make it. We might not make our 1000-word line. Man, I'm looking forward to several days of rest. I can use it. Because just today alone has been far wilder than we ever imagined. You know, it never anticipated all this hysteria. Plus the great cause, of course. WCWM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good, how you doing? I'm all right. Listen, that whole MTV thing. I'm no pruder, anything. But you know, MTV and Justin and Dan and her. This is such an effort in layers that there was an accident. What was he trying to do? Wardrobe function. I mean, it's one thing. I'm not a pruder. I'm glad I got to see a breast, but it's one thing to do it on purpose, just for Scott's value. And you know, they expect that they're going to get away with it. I hope they get fined. I hope, you know, I hope that they get out of the CBSI crying until it's floods in the office. Yeah, you can't stand that. It has to paddle his way home. That's been layers. They're even layers. You've got to mean. They did do it on purpose. Amen. But you figure Brittany, who's just as that girlfriend, got all that publicity when she kissed Madonna. Right. He got a one-uper. You know what I'm saying? He got one-uper. Right. I doubt that. He's just an old smoothie. That's just, you know? He, I'm Tony. He doesn't have a penis. I, I, I, I, I bet that your life on it. Oh, there it is again. Overshadowed by a little half-time show-sleeze. We'll talk about the weapons of mass. Oh, no weapons of ass distraction. Right. Who's kiddin' who, man? This is good. This is good. This is good. Give us a son else to talk about. Give us a government something important to stink their teeth. And if you're a kid, you're a kid. This is good. Give us a son else to talk about. Give us a government something important to stink their teeth. And if I could deal with the FCC, maybe keep them off of our ass. We're gonna be a little more. We're supposed to be a little spicy for you. You, A, M. RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! RAAA! Thanks. RAAA!achery. RAAA! RAAA! trAAA! RAAA! Oh, Tim, vote in, vote in, in those voters vote in. Howard Dean is from Wenders' trial. Edward Clark and Perry are tenor than who he has been. A common trick is what the doctor needs. The hopeful next Thursday they should think twice before display. He's a big pole, they've come to the door, C.D. I told you, I was a hero! Howard Dean is from Wenders' trial. Howard Dean is from Wenders' trial. So, one forty-four at five sixty-two. I had nine fifty-five as last number I looked at. Let me reload. Well, my name is reload. I'll be back with a whole bunch of people on there. Whole bunch of people on there trying to keep you off the air and keep me from having several days that I desperately look forward to. White House withholds notes taken by nine eleven delegation. More dishonesty, more deception, more government in the adarc. By your favorite bushmeister. The White House already embroiled in a public fight over the deadline for an independent commission's investigation of the nine eleven attacks. Is refusing to give the panel notes on presidential briefing papers taken by some of its own members official said. Okay. You got that? No. Ninety-nine we need forty-one more votes for a thousand before two o'clock at a world's going to come to an end. The standoff is prompted the ten member commission to consider issuing subpoenas for the notes and is further sourd relations between the bush administration and the bipartisan panel. Lack of access to the materials would mean that the information they contain could not be included in a final report about the attacks. We're having discussions on this almost hourly or at least daily said the commission's vice chairman Lee Hamilton in the end of democrat. We retain all of our rights say I don't think he's from Indiana. I think he's from Ohio, isn't he? Says here we'll get it. I don't know. We retain all of our rights to gain the access we need. This is a priority item for us to resolve. We're working to resolve it. The disagreement is the latest obstacle to face the national commission on terrorist attacks upon the US. Which is racing to complete its work by May 27 deadline after months of fighting over access to government documents. It's called Stonewallings of what it's called. The commission has asked that the deadline be pushed back at least two months, but the White House and leading Congressional Republicans are vehemently opposed to that idea. Such a post-bomal would mean releasing the potentially damaging commission reports July 26 in the middle of the presidential campaign. So keep in mind all you fair-minded people out there that is far more important for the president to get himself reelected than the president. For the American public in the world, we really know the facts behind 9-11 and how it happened and why it happened and all of these things. Okay, this is so disgraceful. This is so outrageous. This more than anything should have people pissed off and fired up even more than Janet Jackson's fake boob. Legislation to be introduced next week in the Senate with extended commission deadline until January, voing the election altogether, which is equally stupid that we've done with Kane's Cock-eyed idea. So in other words, we had the election. He wins a second term and we find out in January. Oh, guess what? They totally incompetent they lie through their teeth. Well, not be lovely, huh? As if politics in any way shape or form should have anything to do with this, which of course the answer is no. Man, never trusted guy would have cheek his biggest John McCain. I realize he had the tumor problem, but well, he's a little cheeky to me, you know. Talks out of one side of his mouth. Kind of like Marlon Brando. This thing I'm telling you, we are poor Eric. He's probably going to have to take a long nap. 1967. This has got to be tight. We're going to be at 13 minutes and we need 33 votes to get to a thousand. They're just a good job. Really? What are you? Jenny, are we going to give back to that minute? Jenny, what do you think? You know, what's wrong with us? It's Madonna and Brittany, you know, swapping a little spit. Now it's Janet and Justin, you know, gravity, each other. What's going to happen next? Well, who knows? What's going to happen next? I mean, I think this is part and parcel of the... I don't know, that's why I got to happen next. Did produce this half time. I have a specialized, I think they've been told. I've heard your part at the analyze this now. Never, yeah, we're analyzing it. It's like that we're not analyzing the game. Nobody's even talking to what was there a game? Thank God, who know? I thought the Patriots want a Super Bowl for the second time in three years. I thought they were under 15th game in the world. I thought it would write down the last eight seconds when Anna Vettateri kicked a 41 year old field goal. And everybody who was for the Patriots, including me went, all right. Like that. But no, there wasn't any game. Well, I don't miss they got a whole spin team on here to talk about this. It's the money, right? CBS is. And MTV are both owned by Viacon. They're good who's his what? We got the close-up on the website now. Oh, great. Okay, go to the website again. We got the close-up of the Rubbi. The decision to go with MTV. They know what they're about. If you play with a crocodile, right? Right. This is like ESPN, right? Getting all bent out of shape because Russia's a racist and said to crap about Donna McNaft. Same thing. They can say, oh, some sorry we didn't know. But somebody at CBS was a little too naive thing that there was right. But something wasn't going to happen by having a bare breast exposed in the way that it was exposed. This was not just, you know, somebody hiring me and putting me on a year and not expecting me to say, An answer. Large, sexual event. And I'm glad it happened because we will know that this historical event will never happen again in the history of Super Bowl. Next year we're going to have Ronnie Mills App singing the God Bless America or something like that. There you go. Excellent job. See, they're dissecting it in their, oh, it's just a beautiful thing. It is so fucing American man, it's just incredible. I can't get back on a website again now because you, between the people try to vote to keep you off the air. And the people try to hop on it again to see the close-up of that. What is it again? That squished implant between those two things. It's just, what do you got? The wrong thing. That's what I mean. We're on overload. In fact, if we can't get the actual number by one, we might have to cut in the mad dog's time a little bit. I'd have to stay on the little bit. About one, uh, but third man. Because we got to get to that thousand. Ten minutes till two, if you feel like you way about a thousand pounds because you're big and fat and you have no energy and you're wearing Pupptence for clothing and you're sick and tired if you're fed up with it. Maybe fed too much for really fed up with it. Balance for life could be the answer you've been looking for. Everybody finds that something different works for them and balance for life is working for a lot of people, including the lovely Katrina who's lost about 20 pounds on it. And you can lose that much and a lot more. Because they deliver right to your door all they deliciously prepared goodies. A little black sack every day. In your sack, there are three gourmet meals, two fantastic snacks, a 16 ounce bottle of water. Play a fresh delicious goodies to keep you full all day long. Their omelettes and frittadas and meat dishes and chicken and all kinds of great stuff. Everything fresh, nothing frozen, no preservatives and you get to choose between two choices for each meal and snack every day. Ah, that's right on the program that the only people let you do that. So if you're really tired of all the other diets, I just know work for you. Here's the way to do it once and for all. Make up your mind you've been losing the weight this year with balance for life. You'll start seeing results on that scale in a matter of moments. Call balance for life today to get started at 9.5.4. 5.6.8.32.29. 9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29. We're getting all the information about their amazing program on their website balance for life.com. 5.6.8. 9.5.6. 9.5.8. 8.5.8. So did the mow down, you're driving too fast. It's just a road turn I'm down to my last buck, I'm spreading out and getting mellow. You're doing too, doing too, doing too. Without those shimans around, which hard to sleep, I know for sure gonna capture me. What? Who take what? Come this way. I'm just shitin' here. So could it do me? I'm not got full on her, where I'm freezing. Make nothing to my shower. 154 at 5.6. Nobody can let's analyze the thing one more time. Let's have more instant replay and have a whole panel. Maybe Larry King, you know how he always says those panels? Have a whole panel on there to decide whether it was intentional or whether it was by accident or I can freeze frame and slow-mo. Right? All I could have was just this thing finally just popped up again. I must be living right. 9.87, which means we got six minutes for 13 more votes on there. 987. First time ever, now I don't remember doing the alien days, but I don't think that our website was all that, you know, nearly as popular back in those days. No, I don't think we ever broke a thousand during the show. Which of these is the most important to you, the presidential election, 347. My next orgasm, 274, Squirtch Court. When will I see Janet Jackson's other teeth? 200. Will it often make a playoffs next season, 44? No. Who are those WMDs, 36? Will I go to heaven, 33? Would you go to heaven? No. Will the government take away my guns, 19? Will I burn in hell, 12? Possibly. Will the Panthers make a playoffs this season, 12? And will the US allow Gase to marry 10 out of 900 E7 votes? I want to see it for myself. Do you know what I mean? I don't mean the Ibubia, I know the number, I want to see go over a thousand. I don't know if we have on there right now. Nothing. I thought you said it ever put the official spot. I said a couple of pictures, like really clear shot, like the plain blown of those two standing together right after the rip, the tearing, and then a zoom in close up. The nipple in question. That's where it sounded like, by the way, when you rip that thing. Just like that. You hear, that's where you weren't watching. See if you'd be watching, then you'd find these spontaneous things that happened. They're totally unexpected. They were just watching the head. I'm showing you could have avoided the game. Was there really a game? They were fine. It's a matter of fact. I noticed that as the day is wearing on now, there is no comment about the game. There's no comment earlier in the morning. There was some initial vintur with the field goal in the audiadiata and Tom Brady and his son at, but the other night they knew what they were doing. There was no game. MTV, they don't have to create a sensation. Tom, I'm a little bit hesitant to refresh this thing because I feel like it will be afraid because I requested it and didn't come back. Did it say, yes. Internal server error or something like they're working error. Or you're going to burn in hell and you're going to internal server error. There's that damn thing in. Okay, everybody get off of the road. Because I think we can do it. Get off our website. Get off my cloud. Okay. I want to actually see it because this day moment will especially on a day like today, which goes to show you when you get to work in a morning folks or when you get out of the sack and you day starts maybe you cut yourself shaving and you have wild diarrhea or very nasty constipation and you're sitting there squeezing for hours. Nothing happened. Anything. But this is going to be a really really horrendous day. I was going to say a crappy day, but that wouldn't be the case. A horrendous day and you never know. So in other words, don't count your chickens until they are squat. If this is not going to come back up. Okay. This page cannot be displayed. Who are you kidding? You must be dreaming. That's what it says. Where do my computer? You must be dreaming. If you think you're going to see this. How about if I just go to the regular run of the mill? Huh? Should I try that? Try it. You know what? You know what? It's not going to work. Okay. Well, I'm waiting for that, which isn't going to happen. Don't forget. One last reminder that our hot couples contest the fifth one. Starts. We're going to have two more this year. One now and one whenever we feel like it. Today through February 13, the next 11 days you can email your pictures to contest at neorogels.com. And don't forget if Miguel is responding to you by returning your calls or anything about any other issues, be sure to send them a note on there too. At the contest at neorogels.com. This is called it even. This is called good even. And then you. What? For what? For turning it down? Yeah, that's it. They devoted for the hottest couple. We could have no further days he filled in on the show when you went there. Oh, when you went there. Oh, let me hang on. Yeah. I'll think of plenty of things in his case. For a pick and I'm to read so much. How's that? The week of February 16, that'll be the week you can vote. And at the end of the week, whoever wins, can choose their prize out of the top two. Trip for two to heed and this means you make a order. Trip for two to the world, always is casino to Bahamas. The second place couple gets whichever of those trips is left over, which is not shop liver. And third place prize. They don't have shop liver. But if they did, they'd be glad to serve it to you. A dinner for two at the world famous pizza law. Mine is not refreshing. No. Or is it mild? Internal, server error. So we're just going to have to take it based on face value. Or maybe we just, they'll just have to tune in again tomorrow morning and get ten to find out. It's going to be up. Nine ninety million. I got a mine. Nine nine nine nine. Oh, we got a minute and ten seconds for one more vote on there. Yeah. Nine nine. My will come up. So we got one minute and two seconds. One. I'm never going to know when because I can't see the van. I know. It's a come odd. Jesus. What? What? It will not come back. So like I said, the time is running out on George and you may be working a lot of luck. The next seven weeks is not on George will be on from six in a morning till midnight. In fact, he's going to be working with his best friend in the building. I'm so moved. But at first time, which I think that ought to be a real hoot. Maybe he'll only his bag and try it out. I'll fill it. Not that you will from what I heard this morning. You could probably. Boy, I was cranked at overflow valve a little bit. Okay, the mad dog coming up next to I know he's going to talk a lot about the game. Not so much about breasts and stuff like that. I just didn't ticker. Well, and Janet flipped the this and this one did that and stuff like that. And the hump or another like I said, tough assignment in Vegas at four of the seconds. I'm right by. Yeah. That's not a bunch of show. I'm five six. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.