is why the Efrons when Bill Royely stylin with words Then you'll give him a laugh dance And if you tell the righty You'll have to look into the kiss Till the fool the fan tried off you And call you an extortionist All the factors fair and balance Because not when he calls at night He's looking for a lassie Who likes it a little too But the righty When the little righty is morning Sure it ain't the noise in the door So when they're all righty, you'll let not pick up your phone Oh my god Exactly, he's part of that little vanus crown Any billar rally? That's right That's him Part of that little vanus crown It's a swap of urchababey From coast to coast from fill or to post Well happy birthday to me Happy birthday to you 62 today Here's a facts from somebody in the from Syracuse There are formerly from Boka Who is unnamed that says happy birthday with a very fancy fancy face So thank you for that Thanks to Berkeley who came in Actually, I think you are taking that as some business Right Berkeley came in It's also her birthday Can you believe that? That's right Happy birthday to you Every day Happy birthday Berkeley, although she's a little bit younger than I am She should play the jingle for her Should I really log kill a little time This is how we stuff would take it off really early Starting to get a little to frost our ass Just a little bit You know? Because they get to condition in the beginning It was like cheese They're going to go this long And then finally say, well, you know, it's pretty good Actually, if they're going that long Because then we don't have to do squad And then when you least expect it, they run out of gas Of course with the price of gas nowadays Thank you Mr. President All right, we're not too bastards for those low gas prices Say that we're off the bat before the show officially starts at a half an hour But we have another half hour to fill the day By the way, airfard is dead or alive Branded or not depending on what you want to believe Okay, he's on a verge He's on a way out And he wants to get buried in Israel And he is really said No thanks We don't want you're discussing Crackle bubble The jet-gey body is polluting our soil Our sand, whatever the hell we got They're totally stolen They wholly thing Look for the QM van today Three to five at the Hest station I think Rudolph Hest may make it come back now That bush got it again At the Hest station at 1 9 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 9 North West 27, where the hell is that? Well, I sure hope that somebody hits some idea where that is What kind of an address is that? 3 to 5 at the Hest station 1 9 8 8 8 8 8 North West 27 that's done by the spin the wheel for prizes And register for the Miller-like press writer for a day sweep Today so I have no idea what that is And also for the sixth of the sack And the annual South Florida RV roadshow going out of the Bass Pro outlet I'll find a five and a half American road Stop by the wind prices as well And these are both written in real Teeny, Teeny, Tiny, print I mean so small if you use them out cowmark telescope to see So I'm sure that between now a little bit of clap What does take a much of birthday greetings right? It's my birthday my birthday That's what we have Bridget Bardot on that I'm giving you a little sneak advance on that Bridget Bardot I can't believe we didn't have like a million hits on your yesterday I think these guys realized that Carmen Lector was looking as good as she was Well I was a girl I didn't even look at it because you told me yesterday Oh she does look good Or that picture was maybe the best one we ever had on her Two-eight now though it's gone You guys you guys are kind of those no That's exactly why we don't That's exactly why we don't want you to get to hop on it every day Every day stop what you guys would like to hop on every day But most of you I don't think have a Chinaman's chance But there's Bridget Bardot looking pretty swanky if you ask me But yesterday I think that was the all-time best when you agreed It was right in the running anyway certainly It was a fine picture Well that takes some birthday greetings or some Baxter's out there that want to give me a little zester whatever Whatever day we don't care because it's Friday And I got some pretty good stuff for later on It's matter good I do And what did I tell yesterday we had a world exclusive album in here yesterday It's really a bit of a amendment for past wait until you hear And now it's actually in writing in all the newspapers This article in the Sun sent me I almost can't even wait for this about the seminal Indians And they put up most of the money against number four based on I don't want to tip my head because I will read this later Based on ads warning that slots And the permaetuals would ruin the states family friendly tourist reputation These are the same people that are running the hardwack casino Would there slots if they're in there not full slots, but what they got it How do you like that would ruin the states family friendly tourist reputation And then they said well, well, we never really saw the TV ads we just paid for Oh, come on man Engine please It is just enough to make you I want a puke Coming tonight, what can I say Where did that come from It's a young man. He just came flying over closet that will learn to WQAM hello Yes sir Good morning, happy birthday Thank you Am I the first one of the day? First one of the day I know it I know it was him Mr. Sico WQAM hello Hey, what you happy birthday Nice Thanks Okay WQAM hello Happy birthday To you Happy birthday to me Happy birthday Good to you Okay, it's like his own Happy birthday I love you and here's a birthday card She's got a wish I could make a little bit better because it's got some What's that? Pantsons, see that Okay Thanks, thank you Love you WQAM hello Happy birthday Thanks I just wanted to say Stand our wishes up I can't leave this American people photo In America Take a look at our website by the way We have two of great things We have the UK Daily Mirror Fund page we are today In fact, I better click on it right now because I want to make sure I get the number right Everybody needs to take a look at that You'll be a little chuckle anyway Especially those of you who are depressed And those who actually voted for Bush It'll make you realize what you are It's kind of mull-run Well, now there's more stuff Oh man, we have the offer to you No one left there Oh great The what me worry one That's a beautiful thing We got a whole bunch of stuff And that underneath that one we got He seems to be doing that habitually Now flipping everybody off Giving a burger He's dog in one hand And he's flipping somebody to burn you He doesn't have America Well, now we got the ALF Bush one underneath that If a new one That's a new wallpaper Standing for the American flag That no longer has the stars on They're all replaced by little swastikers See how it is And then under that there's one I was referring to There's the front page yesterday Okay, Daily Mirror and it says how can 59,5,877 people be so dumb And above a very I'm soldering Alfred Inuma in like picture Him it says Dole four more years of W Dole And underneath that there's the Michael Morithring Which is thanks to the you know That guy wouldn't have tipped us off on a yesterday We might still be not noticing that It looks like Bush behind barbed wire And it's but if you check the barbed wire Each square there's another face Assuming as I'm assuming those will be American Yeah, dead the soldier he's got He's come off to be slaughtered human sacrifice crowd So there we go. So really a neat stuff to keep you busy and occupied Give me a little chocolate or two or a little meat mad Your B.M.U. is gonna be whatever you'll be And there it is As we continue to you, see one thing about me I'm not there letting off I'm just gonna continue to plot right along You know man just the hard ass I'm gonna keep plot along And if it's not here, maybe it'll be somewhere else You know the house your show Meteorotters morning and we did And For some while To twice She's way in And God From Potsy for star Actually since him Because this year's most highly awaited concert album It's actually since him Fairly lies We trade over git as perform our stage Like pieces of meat And then Two times And then And then She's into Fairly lies This is not an album that sounds too good to be true Yeah I'm a shit I'm a I'm a shit I'm a shit I'm a shit I'm a shit I'm a shit She's too busy Even As she's into Fairly lies Oh, they're liable Wherever fine music is so So Okay You can imagine I'm dubbing that yesterday into my VCS And I'm listening to them for your GZ Is this the CD player acted up again? Yeah It sounded like a limit It did, I thought it was But one I think it isn't one Oh, what the hell is all this stuff here And so many pages is okay Too much stuff Who's this? That copy? Yeah From Gary That's copy and some copy Gary Sarner How did I know that? That's Monday This did not exactly put a big bright smile on my face This man St. Louis my supposed to do it is stuff I might as well get his recent version or what Yes Look it's too much as a set of two little things You should be happy No, I'm not anything from Gary Sarner If you'd have told me who it was from I just said no chance Oh, come on If I took it, I could fix this deal right now For him real good You have no idea how fast I can take care of that deal Haven't idea David and Miami says happy birthday Thank you David You get to be 62 You're almost a senior citizen In some places you actually get a discount How do you like that? That's right And you start walking travel like crooked and cock-eyed It would appear that bushes already on this way to create new jobs There are thousands of new grief counts Those suicide hotlines of increased their staff tenfold And however it is that in ten thousand employees With the expectation of upcoming Ravey train Well let them eat dog food How do you like that? It will bring between which is made from A disease animal parts by the way If you love your dog don't feed it gravy train please Or no, I'm not thinking of gravy Sorry, I'm sorry, your pardon me is alpo Not gravy train Okay, we love gravy train No, really But there are quite a few pieces Happy birthday you'll fart many happy bush years in Indian And not only they got this one all wrapped up Now that they stole again, I've done the corned bread Which I will read that column But also they got eight years plans for jab Forget about that Rudy Giuliani guy They got it used plan for jab and then George P Another eight years for him America is going to be bush country You have the problem says I think that all 55 million of us who did not vote for GWV should shave our pubic here Place them in envelopes and mail them to the White House with an oath that says this is the only bush I trust Mr. President I think our founding fathers who participated in the Boston Tea Party would be proud Excellent idea fact You go girl or guy or whatever you are that can be anything right You got Pat Hayden Right Pat Pat McGroy Who Sidirish cat Oh Pat McGroy No thanks Heidi Grouplite and I will do this so one because this just came across and I just got the more stuff away to Ryan You know and this business is starting at 10.30.10.20 Hey, how are you guys again paid a lot of money you better get with it A group like to will some have been lodans out cut and never threaten the US with reprisals The government has to be a ledger to the president George W. Bush warning of unbearable a held in a website statement The coming days will show you that the one you preferred will lead you to an unbearable a held to the group calling itself Abu Hassan Masry Brigades after the Akkad military chief Kirleneth Ganeshan after a 2001 their name It was not possible immediately verified the statement the single print responsibility for those train bombings in mid-year last year Although the criminal bush has spilled blood of Muslims during the last four years and despite the butcherries that he committed for Madrid in Afghanistan and Palestine and in Iraq We see that the applause of his people is increasing it said today This shows the nature of the American people who approved the war against Islam led by criminal America demands Come says days after that video tape of Osama Yamama, who's still on the loose We're gonna hunt him down and we're gonna smoke him out of his hole Well, it's a long hunt, you know WQA and hello Hello Yes, happy birthday Thank you Also, they shot us four times and we're still right. Thank you for 28 years of helping the gaming industry Helping, giving, slapping things You know, I just hope to pick a fine burger few times and I always mention you to him Neil, also remember the first person that won the scratch off ticket for a million dollars back in 1988 Yeah, it was a point again I'm there you'd be article out of the hell I was a born again that has been founded on the sidewalk outside of this pink shop But you didn't rip it up or give it to the church and they'll put it in itself And he won the million dollars He would go against the lottery again Well, one day, start the robber shoes Guess who's gonna be winning the first million dollars with a 25 cent robbering The federal tool and the archdiocese that court is no longer long Because they'll be right there with the rest of us You've been And again, you've always been good to Accounting, you've always been good for 18 years and flat And that's part of the reason why I was two to one and brow it without a doubt You've just put it away to like I could Well, when I get a day and I'm worried that when I come down I want to make sure he shows me the day you know, this machine's on There's a lot of people who are Yeah, also the females wouldn't find because the losers are the clues to nowhere Now this class where people will come to the females and attract people going to pull out This is not him with him, is it? Of course Oh my god, I had a problem It's his own choice It's your birthday You've realized that you had those craggy, worn hands And I thought to myself, that's a good idea You stand with him Well, I like to say goodbye Okay, bye bye Why didn't you tell me I thought you knew No, I didn't know he because it's I think he was at a sock over it And then the sewer is something It's not mistaken It was like, come over there Well, it's not like a good friend or a huh? No one else sells like that Wow, well thank god for that Well, if it's not this day and he's there's a guy that keeps finding and finding and finding a good fight All of a sudden, do with this I put it over I'll take the credit for it, at least I helped out There he goes Yeah, I did People aware of this And once they hear this article Which I'm sure most of them have a red or had anybody read it to them And realize that most of the money that came to oppose this Was from the biggest bunch of foams in hypocrite It just it frost my ass even a think about it That the people are in the gaming business And cells are running ads saying, oh, this is going to spoil So for this family tourist image And in the meantime, they only admit what we just do A afraid of the competition And additional which they're going to be able to stick in the same damn The kind of slots in their place anyway now Talk about shorts cited Man, oh man, oh man It's enough to make me want to become a Just like me, fo Remember old me, fo with an engine cheater Me, fo the money and you put a show or have it and I like go Me, fo, what are you going to do? I don't probably be on the station in pretty soon And the rest of us bail out Five six, seven, five, six, three And then I think you sent me from that the unmexable one this morning from Miss Moth I don't waste your time I mean, some people don't get the message To those people, the three of those people The upper and middle level management people They don't exist with me, did Do you want to have a contact with me? Go through George, go through normal camp, anybody else I'm not going to subject myself to that I'm too old for that crap For all these temper tantrums for spoils F***, f***, if you say the norm You do they get to know me Go away, okay, grow up already, get a life Put banging your spoon on the table like a two year old infant God That Miss Mothman, that one right there Not to give anybody a nervous breakdown He could pee off the rope WQAM hello Around the pole, QAM, can you do that? Yeah, happy birthday Thank you WQAM hello Who are you? Yes sir Happy birthday Thanks I just want to say a few things if I could I'm always talking to a miracle I have in me I was talking to a buddy of mine who wrote a verb Even though he knows what it's all about He wasn't going to trust somebody that was going to ask Brad's in Germany to protect our country But what do you want to say? Yeah, exactly what he said And he's like, well I ran as next I'm like, well, we see I ran them up like the side of my rack We say they've been trying rack So where are we getting the troops from? Right in the first specializes in terrorism That's what they fund in the train Most of the terrorist groups And Iran's got like, Zidians, all kinds of nuclear weapons Possibly that they either developing or they already got We don't really know And yeah, plus we got all these extra troops Right, right, right, right Here's a kicker, he's out there Up on that short visual comes in We're going to let the two go in and help us Yeah, the two sub-parameteries are now If they get involved in this mess Exactly Exactly But anyway, we need all from the Cuban Julio We love you Thank you for everything And keep up the fight buddy I think it'll be this in the three Go Ciao Have we been here? 560560 Pomp and now everybody calm down A little bit of the case in a little bit 10 up and no lift up to the opportunity I think calm down a little bit A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit I'll cut upripe in that quick I should put a portion of it again We're going to like how about blood, man I mean, that shouldn't get without Reading those things I'm assuming people of charge, product or nervous or a scared things like that. In fact, the Bush people already did a pretty good job of that. Yeah. Get them all scared, get them all ripped up into a frenzy and then of course find the old scapegoat. It's amazing 30 years of this, and they still go and straw with the old fag scapegoat. Once the dark folks finally got a few, you know, get the right to vote. You know, they kind of cheered up on their posts because they came to the 23% of self-hating fags voted for Bush. That's got to be, I mean, the 25% of Jews voted for Bush. That's ugly enough. But 23% of the latest scapegoats voted for Bush. See, if you have a friend tell, misplug, all you other self-hating faggotts is matter of fact, maybe they'd like to, maybe if you're feeling a little cross, we can hang on one. Yeah, that's straight, what either. Let's crucify some fags for Bush as well. I say, I know exactly the ones that we can start with. I do. And how are you people, can? Same thing, I've been telling you, Jews for Hitler, a black screwdriver dook, the same mentality man. Fags for Bush. You people make me sick. Like when you were told me about it, a certain place was your normal mention. Okay, did this Dr. E. Rats tell me about it? Yeah, a treachery, go to school. No, no, no, no, what? Don't do that. They're wonderful people. They're wonderful people. But don't say it again, okay. That's not the point. Jesus, you just, open up the order. Just keep your legs shut. That's right. And your ass. Let's see, are you really 62? Yes, I'm really 62. You know, look at the over 61 says, Lisa. AMC is now telling once about a time, what? No, it's not once about it. It's once upon a time in America, but you're close, Lisa. And you're on it. It's a blast. You'll see you and watch the movie for the same time. I don't understand what that means to you. I'm missing something, Lisa. Also, GWV will celebrate your birthday, lady. They'd buy this doing various urban areas in Iraq. Excellent. Good. Go get them. So you think, Gossi's got, oh, that's very sad. Very, very sad. How many of you are? Very sick, sick, piece of work. Or pieces of something that I can't say on the ear. What? How did it got lit? I forget about it. It's a little bit different. But you just keep moving on. Move it on. Welcome, God. You are really off your feed today. You need to take Monday off, Mr. Alright, that's good idea. WCWM, hello. 2 AM. New year. Yes, sir. Hello? Yes. New year, Roger? I think so. Oh, hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. New year to high. How you doing, Bill? Okay. I just wanted to wish you happy birthday. Well, thanks a lot. I've been a family year since the day that day. Oh, boy. Hey, Bill. Three years away from you going to the early birthday. That's what I'm looking forward to. Aha. Aha. New week's week has been a morning. New week's week has been a morning. New week's week has been a morning. New week's week has been a day. Yeah. That's enough of that. Let's go back on the zeder. What do you say? Kick those bastards off of their. Get a real show on there. 5 670 560 pound 560 to release. Get out of real station. Somebody can hear. I'm here. All kinds of complaints about our civil getting worse all the time. Are we doing anything about? I asked this with a straight face. I spoke to Clarets about it and he was monitoring it all day. Yes. About the streaming on the internet. Right. He said, well, there were some dropouts. Not a lot. He was going to listen some more today and talk to the powers that be about what he did. There were some dropouts. He had most of them work in this radio station. There we are. So what does that mean? That means he's acting like he cares. He's on the case is what you're trying to say. It's the case. I don't want to hear about him. No one wants to hear the name or the other two. Okay. There's not enough in about them. Near them. I don't want to smell them. I don't want to know from them. The grave robbers. The life destroys. Especially on I burply. Okay. It's a really sneaking to his lead. Me the F alone. It's a real rush. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Why do you first lose every night on the tonight show? Jaylenel makes fun of Kevin Ube. So let's watch smoking. And now all these river references are on one CD. The best of Jaylenel's marijuana references. So we had to just see all that smoke building from my fan Helen Bowing. Okay. Look just like Kevin's dressing room. The main. The cold. The best of Jaylenel's marijuana references features hit after hit. Apparently as a result of slow sounds. Twinking. There's plinking and fireful thankful. I guess that means Kevin's fashion run on it. Oh, really, right, Jim. That any right. It's the CD you have to be high to buy. And it's time for headlines. Ladies and gentlemen, just actual items. Kevin's. I'm not talking about the kind of papers you have to link. Oh, that's cool man. That's the whole. The best of Jaylenel's marijuana references. Scoring. Copy today. You know what? That ain't right. It's 11 or 560 WCM. No, we can officially begin to show if you're just doing it now. You missed a half hour of crap. Yeah, nothing. Chris turned to be a lot of 1029 this morning again. Vemela, early. So I don't know what that's all about. I guess he's kind of like winding it down. You know, not these going to go to serious. He's winding it down. I overdo it, right, when you run away out. Here's the deal. Which of these is most accurate? Bush won the election because 2789 votes. We got a hurry because I want to get to first pull off. We're only going to direct a loon and we'll change. Because the parents do put in 934. Born again, not jobs. 632. Because he was a better choice than carry 370. 11%. Huh? Because they stole a 295. Because the Democrats are inept. 277. Because of Carl Rove 206. Because of 911 81. And because he had more money behind him. 17. Now, Vemela, 3 days, Bridget Fargo. And that's all you need to know. It's Bridget, Gardo, and Jackie Moe. And old moe. And here's the first pull that he will give it up there. Right away, since Eric has been such a great job. Don't forget to look at theillages.com. And we got a whole bunch of great Bush pictures, including, especially, the front page of the UK Daily Mirror. We're saying, 54 59 million, whatever the number is. How can so many people be so dumb? And then underneath that is the one that was on the Michael Moore website yesterday. The big picture of Bush over the barbed wire in front of him. And then you look very closely at the barbed wire. And you see each square is the face of another dead American soldier that whose life was sacrificed by the man behind the barbed wire. Just a kind of great stuff he'd expect from Michael Moore. Here's the first pull that he does our only. Okay. Okay. Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion? Boy. Here's the choices. Ignorance. Why did you want to use tennis to me? Why do you keep saying these those? It's bad nothing you have to see. I told them we did after we got the ball. God. Anyway. Ignorance. It's a big tax-free business. Tel-Vangilist. It's part of being a redneck or because God loves America. I think that's why I'm pretty good choices myself. Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion? Ignorance. It's big tax-free business. Tel-Vangilist is part of being a redneck or because God loves America. I'm already shining down upon us. Make us free. First gay Hispanic woman elected his valish shirt. One time migrant farmer hurt Lupi Valdez. Oh, I love that name. Lupi Valdez. Made history this week when she began the first woman in the first Hispanic elected Dallas County Sheriff not to mention the first Democrat to win a post in the mid-seventies. She's also openly gay, kind like the Bull Dyke daughter of Dickens. She's gay. She's gay. Triple trouble. Wow. The gay and lesbian victory fund, a political action committed that endorsed Valdez and trained her on answering questions related to her sexual orientation, held her as the first ever Latino lesbian sheriff. I can imagine my mom crying for joy last night as this happened Valdez said yesterday, a day after defeating Republican Danny Chandler. And Valdez's vision, her deceased mother looked down from heaven and watched her girl go from picking beans in the field, see, beiner. Toletia 19 of an employee law enforcement agency with a $90 million budget. The road to the sheriff's office started years ago and Valdez's mother encouraged her to better herself through education after working two or three jobs at a time in paper college, Valdez became a federal agent. She worked undercover on drug organized crime in front cases for US Customs. And I shall take over to part-time and take them by scandal. Quarctinable business dealings by 21 year-in-commence sheriff Jim Bowles resulted in a grand year investigation and indictment that eventually was thrown out. Chandler, a 29 year sheriff department veteran, outstead Bowles, named Republican primary. Chandler 53 attacked his former boss through the campaign helping to business himself from Bowles, but that strategy failed. The election campaign was generally cordial until the end when Chandler made an issue of Valdez's endorsement by the game was being victory fund based on Washington. The scandal issued a statement Wednesday's press conference in Valdez's ability to restore preferably opposite. She will have the privilege of leading the finest crime fighters in the country. Margo Fraser wedded the 13-year-old 50 employee Travis County Sheriff's Department of Austin expressed her delight with Valdez's election, but said a woman serving as sure faces hurdles. The reality of it is when you make mistakes that anybody else makes, they decide that you made a mistake because your woman for his head. But once the girl was in Dallas County realized Valdez's competent for his head, she will earn their respect and her gender-race in sexual orientation, won't matter much. Will it? Bamble knife. Now all of being her type. Right? Comey, being her now. Okay, we got that pull up there. Let's see. I don't know. ignorance. Thought a stop. If you let out elected Amy Maris said ignorance. Oh, the Bible said, and Lord said, anybody who believes any of that stuff is better than a boxer box. Okay. Just read the first page of Genesis. Okay. What's that thing? Genesis of the New What is that called? The Bible. Uh, Ratten Bible. Ratten Bible. I love that thing. I should try all those things for some religious stuff. Yeah. I'm gonna try and then the Lord said, Oh, I'm gonna try and then the Lord said, Oh, I'm gonna try and let there be a life. And Lord, well, what is the life? Some of the same people who brought you to the much below, talking Bible, comes a new 10 volume set, brilliantly updated for the ages. Yes, it's the wrapping Bible. There was God. And we went in the man's face. And the life was big and he said, I'm done good. There's no doubt on the 7th thing. We just show how to assist. Get a stretch beginning of death. We're getting up there. Finally, the good book is back. And his word is, I can't check it out. And the Lord, everybody, 20 light, look to him. God, look to him. And I'm not going to go back to you, turn to God. Right into the face. Got it, the tree. The count came up and they said, She took a lift. Y'all. A little bit of y'all. That's what we imagine. All the God. All the parables. Every sacred biblical word. You interpret it by the finest. Like an empty of all times. And that's the best. So nothing, bifu, is making his word a trash. Okay. Happy birthday to me. It's level 7. I did that for the crowd that's just tuning in to the low and the clock to be yourself, but serving. Happy birthday to me. And Berkeley. And Berkeley too. And he birthday Berkeley. She's a sweetheart. She hasn't even got me a card. Anybody else there? Give me a card? No. It's okay. If you just make it up in the line. Say, oh, you've got a whole stack of a stack up there. No. You got a whole stack of a stack up there? No. No. It's okay. Feeling is mutual. I said you need card. Now I'm not talking about you. 49 votes. Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion? 41 say, ignorant. Good choice. It's a big tax-free business. Because God loves America too. It's part of being a redneck one. And telepenseless none. They don't have a rhythm of that much influence. Okay. They're busy getting laid. Now. I want you to listen very carefully. So you understand all these values, people, moral values, all the sort of BS. Liers, liars, dvs, dangerous selfish, nasty, miserable mothers. It says in the Sun's Channel. After losing three efforts to expand Jambal in the past quarter century, support us of a state constitution. You hear that in the back? Fronto. Fronto. Fronto. Fronto, Tomto. It must be the English calling. You heard me say, Fronto, Tomto. It lost. Okay. Go see the little little reindeer. After losing three efforts to expand Jambal in the past quarter century, support us of a state constitution amendment that could put sloppish engines in the 7th South Florida race fest and Fronto's 10 victory today. Void by the results of absentee and provisional ballots and the reperved glitch. And Robert County's counting machinery amended for a pass by more than 93,000 vote margin. This is a great day because education was a big win or a day. $500 million year in health arts schools and health arts kids said. The education commissioner Jambal Horne teach folks from pretty performance. The amendment allows Brown and Dave County to hold separate referendum on adding sloppish. By the way, where is that referendum? Is it for Renda? And adding sloppish is alongside betting windows at 7 per mutual venues including Gulfstream Park in Hell and Dale Beach and cover race course in Miami Gardens. Is that Miami Gardens? I thought that was a Carroll city. I'm not Carroll city. What is that? I don't know. I'm not Carroll city. What is that? Everybody. What is it? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Anyway, it's an excellent moment. Let me introduce to you, is it Miami? Gulfstream Park in Hell. How come it doesn't mention the other ones like Pompano Park and they need high line, Miami High Line and who might even not? Hollywood dog track? Right? Good. Good. How come we love to go so? You idiot said the sun sent. Anyway, supporters which include the Florida School Board Association and the state teachers on the Sloan Revenue could raise 500 million the first year to supplement education state 1 as much as 2.5 billion over 5 years. And the final concert of passing a guide along given numbers. Again, by more than 93,000 votes, citing obvious local support, Howard County Mayor Ilyne Lieberman. Oh, no relation to Julie Lieberman said she would like to mention to go before the voters as soon as the municipal election in March and once the county commissioned to bathe the issue at its December 14 meeting. What's that? What's there to bathe? Just get it on there. Okay, and don't be silly, darling. All right. Now, here's the part I want you to get right on the edge of your seat. I want you to crank up the radio. I should roll on a windows in your car. I want you to listen very carefully to these next couple of paragraphs. Okay? Okay. The statewide victory came in spite of a 5.6 million dollar no one for anti-gambling campaign. Finance by the seminal tribe and the two weeks leading up to Tuesday's election. How do you like that? The ads warned that slots at South Florida's permutuals would ruin the state's family, friendly, tourist reputation. We felt we had to protect the assets of the seminal tribe, which would have been doing since the days before Columbus said Max Asioa, seminal tribe councilman from Hollywood, who admitted he never saw the TV ads financed by the tribe, which owns the seminal hard-wacow teletrocinoceno. Everyone has the right to voice in opinion he says. How do you like that? Then also, this is a bonus to include the humane society of the United States in Great II, KUSA, y'all the idea to make considerable challenges at the fight chance. Where's the other quote? The ice-fit can be a story where he says the Indian people about how I can't find them. I must have been in the air, herald story about how well now I guess they got them in the air. We can do it too. So, yeah. So, yeah. Now, I should have kept the other story. It should have like mixed in mass. So, they write that so what they say now. Oh, I guess what we can put them in there too. They finally welcome and said, after they behind the scenes try to keep it quiet, who that I was putting up the money behind it. In other words, it's okay for the seminals to take your money aside at 40 below these slot machines. But they just wanted to avoid the competition. That's all. So, they put these ads on the screen of the public. Oh, it's going to bring in violin, crime, and it's going to bring in the mafia, and it's going to bring in drugs, and prostitution, and the world is going to come to win end as we knew it, and the idea of the idea of the idea is, well, the piece by. Yeah. Who the hell are you? People kidnoking? Man, all manish of us. And of course, they got nothing to lose because now that they passed, they're going to line up giving the same thing anyway. They're places. So, what's the problem? Everybody's going to get their own piece in the pie. They don't have to be paranoid, no. And by the way, quit so on all of them, then cigarettes will debugs in them. 1113, and five. I see that's the way they're getting back at the white man. Now, so on all of them cigarettes, some tainted cigarettes. All of them little bugs, call out to them. 1113, and five. 16WQA. And it's that time of the year again. The soberers and relatives come down from the north for the winter, while this winter, why not give them something special? A great night sleep on a new mattress and dial a mattress. Where they carry the complete line of bed in from Sealy, service, Simmons, King Quill, temperate, and even, stirrens and foster hue it. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Save up from an additional funny person after a super low factory drive prices on select models. Call 1-800 mattress right now and choose the name town delivery. With an any two hour window that's convenient for you when you want them to show up any day, seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night. Everybody with a brain is calling dial a mattress because they know it sure beats slipping around, wasting time, gas and money. At those vetting and department stores, where you help them pay for their big overhead, with low prices, same day delivery, free set up and revolve its easy to see. I dial my mattress absolutely unbeatable and rank number one in the world in customer satisfaction. The dial my mattress even received the prestigious better business bureau of torture, wrestling, and support. So give them a call day, you'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight and for years and a cool zage to come. Check them on the web if you like at macros.com, but even that sort of call 1-800 mattress. Pick up that thing and dial 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. You'll see the new Russian wrestling in my stomach. Try the U-Pressed U. Oh, I am John Kerry and when I'm residents, I'll make life better for all Americans, including Dictini's gay daughter Marie. I will fight or you're a health care rights, whether you're single, Mary or gay, like Dictini's daughter Mary. I will work to eliminate the deficit because taxpayers like Dictini's gay daughter Marie deserve better. And so under them for a second, make your preference clear and both for me, John Kerry. I'm John Kerry and I approve Dictini's gay daughter Marie. It's loving. 118-15-16, you see, WDKMC, if you want to just run that one out of it. If you're more times, I think you can put them over the top. Fred Polass is the lies that they bring in back to again. Fronto? That's it. I understand, but it's not supposed to bring. It's supposed to be very silent. But at least it's by surprise it up a little bit. I got two great columns for a little bit later, the one by a great Polass to insist that Kerry won and he approves it. And then here's onward Christian soldiers, a lengthy article from the Guardian UK. And now they're saying, well, the Guardian, that campaign they ran and all hired are trying to give people to vote against Bush and all this other stuff. It blew up in her face, the pissed people off and that's what made Bush win. Well, guess what? Don't buy it. 138 votes. Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion? Then we'll change a poll at noon. We'll do our annual religion poll. I will find out what kind of furry tales. I mean, we'll kind of grate the beliefs you've got. Eric, by the way, let's all sub-impact this done. I wrote it in afterwards. I just maybe Josh could probably tap it on after we're a jerk. Don't have it. I've been baptized. He's got it. I'm sure he's on top for right now. And that's assuming that we're streaming on the internet. And they don't hear it. We are today. Are we really? We're streaming it? Yes, we are. Well, great. Open wide. 138 votes. Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion? Ignore in 103. It's a big tax-free business, 14. Because God loves America 11. It's part of being a Redneck. Six. Fellow-vangelists four. Now, there's probably something else I should have put on. There would be a little more benevolent. I can't imagine what that would be. Huh? Like what? Like maybe brainwashing? I don't know. Can you get it? Is there brainwashing? That works. Is that okay? Sure. Because they're brainwashing. And that underweal quick. We still got 41 minutes. Because they're brainwashing. But that. And you people in a brainwashing are kids with all these spiritails. And make them run around with those beanie's on their heads. And go on to stick and roast reviews. If you keep rubbing in bees, et cetera. You people ought to be in prison somewhere. You cultists, you Satanists, you devil worshipers, you lunatics. You fighters, people, man. My patience for religiousness. You know, as limited as it was before Tuesday. Yeah. Now, forget about it. From a personal standpoint, I declare all out the war against the God's God. So do like the al-Misham shun them. The al-Mish voted for Bush. I don't see that. That was a lot. I wouldn't hear what you believe are not. They actually came out because of the fact that they're embarrassing up and so whipped up into a frenzy. It's a good idea. You would argue. You know, Massachusetts. See, that's fine. Massachusetts carry all of the most stuff. That's okay. Keep it there for a while. But the fact that they try to spread it out. Oh, yeah. Well, America's not ready for it. So you're trying to imitate like Canada and Holland and Scandinavia. You're not ready for it. I mean, there are not a couple hundred years. Okay? And so what you did was you gave them a perfect issue to mobilize these Barbicina glamotheities, right? Wing lunatics. Plus, I see 25% of the Jews voted for Bush, which is enough to make me gay. They never make me spit up my kishty. We're just tear out my kishies. God, almighty. I'm even passing a humankindness coming for them. And whenever it follows this, for just not of pissed off in this, this is a protest against them Jews for Bush. Well, he said that for Israel, I love tax-alphois Jewish Israelis. Okay. Enough with that crap. Who cares? We can't. We can't. And all that slaughter has been going on for 5,000 years. You crazy bad to kill all the little kids and blow them up your own kids. All that stuff going on. That's all rest of the world's got a pee in their pants because the Arabs and the Jews hate each other, which is nothing new. And then of course, 20% like I said before, the Fags voted for Bush, which is just, I guess you just can't wait to have a burning desire to be burned. Yeah. Well, the flame is already. Yeah, those flameers out there. The Alice Rantel and Miss Fudges and the Andrew Sullivan's in the world, I guess Andrew Sullivan and that queen voted for a curious version of the self-hating Fag. And other self-hating. I think that the Ant-Colders do in the lower anger. I really believe it. Here's a fact from the beast. Thanks a lot, Beast. He says, just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. They haven't even been to the pickets, fans up up there in Toronto. If so, I'm on my way. Here's my simple slogan, F-W-G-O. Go past happy birthday, gonna be. I'll put it away, I'll take this with you. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Get the past, man. I know, but I don't follow the schedule. I mean, I know they've done that. What about the dolphin game? Is it being televised? Local or not? I can't imagine it. What do you mean by that? What is it supposed to be that dolphin, say, is it also seem how it David did the, um, he did some other game on Sunday because the dolphin game was a Monday night game, that reimbursement. So he did some other game on the network. Yeah, I heard that. On Sunday. He does good job. He's good to play. I mean, he's a little confused at times. But he's still as good as I play out there. No, no, no, no, no. Sorry. I mean, he's no look great gunball. What's they stuffed him back in a broom closet where he belonged? Anyway, I don't know who the Patriots play. He's a nice beast. Here's one from Simone who says a frailken Gaborstog. Is that Dutch? I would imagine. The Borsog. That's got to be Dutch. Anyway, thanks you for over, thanks to you for over 20 years of English. It's been a while. Love you. They played a lot. Huh? They played a Rams. What a Rams? Why could be pretty interesting? The Rams are kind of like in and out. And it's not middle play the Rams. They already beat the Rams. They're not going to play the Rams twice. Who told you that? They're definitely playing the Rams. They're playing the Rams? Yeah. I would've sworn that we all know I'm thinking of what we mean to you, and I'd be fat Tava Kram. You'll tease him. Let's see. Here's another Rams. That's you, send me from that Rick guy. See, I'm Thanksgiving Day. George and I'd be full to show we worked out this schedule. And being the nice guy that I am, I'm going to let George because he's a family guy. I have all thanksgiving day in the day. Following. Are all that they following, too, did we say? Yes. Oh. Wow. Some were going to open those days. They're going to be giving day. So they'll only have to bring in one person because who they'll want to work on. They're giving. I'll just, we'll just take this. So maybe I'm not there. I'll play on the or not. If you keep bugging me, Rick, I probably won't play because you get on my nerves. Here's a long fact that says sorry for the long fact is the barrier. My only outlet event is how our deal said. We're in a lot of trouble. That's what our deal said. I think that was right now. Right after we got to say. But I'm not going to make my credit so crazy for the next 14 or 56 days in counting. I'm off newspaper. CNN and MSNBC and other news out. Let me be coming on and form it. I'll retain my sanity. Yesterday the federal government announced it would raise the deficit. Even if it's a care. That's right. Nobody cares. Well, that's because we got this 5.2 trillion dollar deficit. We're going to have from bushes social security scam. So that all this friends and big businesses can get that money in their stocks. Oh yeah. I'm going to take a look at the market. And then when you're ready to retire, we're going to have how many cents left. About 30 cents. About 30 cents. Yeah, I'm putting it about 200 grand. About 30 cents to retire on. I only come for comes from the knowledge that it's some point. But after years there will be a scandal that will make what again. Monica, what is meaningless is being HR lock up. I think we have any head when it's called a war based on lies. And with thousands of innocent people have died and are continuing to die. I think that might be a little more important than Monica and the blue dress. The only problem that says is the right way. We can spend anything out of the annuves. If what it would happen now, Carl Rob was spitting to blame Clinton. If they catch the chain in the White House basement, Rating little boys, or GW, accepting bags of cash from Halibut or the Saudi World Family, it won't matter. They'll spin it and strengthen their nose, pick and frame it fresh. Good, loving, evangelical Christian base. And there's nothing we can do about it. Can I sue the federal government for the else I'm giving myself? Well, I'm late for my therapy. I have to travel live my life in the north and I'm very out of y'all. And you're just a tear up little boy. Okay. See how many votes we've got in that poll now because this is a quirky. Why do you think Americans are so obsessed with religion? And keep in mind that the rest of the free world is not obsessed with religion. There is not, and you say, well, the Pope is in Italy. The Italians have given the old Bafangool in Italy. What is it? Three percent or is it seven percent? I think it's three percent. Other people in Italy go to church on his every single time they put a thing on a ballot for the Italian people they vote against the Pope because they know about a phony balloony bunch of crap that all is. I'll let you go to see all I've got. I've got hidden away from Vatican. 153 is saying that you're so obsessed with religion because of ignorance. Ignorance, stupid, stupid people, idiotic jerks. Because God loves America 20. It's a big taxary business 17 because they're brainwashed 11. It's part of being a redneck eight. And telepangelists only six. I guess I don't have a big impact. Maybe business is a little bit swollen. The face sure is stand for all values. And don't forget your president told he promised to pay Robertson. Don't worry about the Iraqi tech. There won't be no casualties. None. Not one zero. They're not going to be no casualties. So man, a god. So man of a cloth. This is not a man who would lie. A man who would spread BS. Phil says, wishing you a happy birthday. May this year bring you a good health and joy in your life. Well, thank you, Phil. And maybe when the lottery is gone, that would be good too for 15 minute. 17 minutes, sir. 27. 25. 60 W.A. and you have guests coming for the holidays. Are you wondering what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home? Well, now is the time to get rid of that carpet. And replace it with a laminated or hardwood flooring from a laminated designs. Visit Lameda Design Showroom at 8280 state road 84 in baby and choose from over 300 samples on display. Lameda Designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in about a week. Call 1. 877. 8. Lameda to set up a free no obligation in homestimate. If you call the day inside for an appointment for your free estimate, tell me her monthly. WMD is not for an additional 10% off their already low installation price. Lameda Designs is located in Davy, just off eye, 595 between Pinellorott and University Drive. And the showrooms open Monday through Saturday, 9 in the morning, 2430 in the afternoon, and every Sunday from 10 in morning till 2. Look for Lameda Designs add in today's Sunset Lifestyle section. Call 1. 877. 877. 8. Lameda. Lameda. 877. 8. Lameda Designs. Before the company were service, come first. Switch the lights up right corner. Lameda Learn reserve Only visit on Friday Daily Epics. Lameda Czechatrica is a website for advertising purposes if you pay your paid â‚¬757 SL availability. As we had planned for past tickets to the country by taky and fines for MWD. They were the big convention And they came for three Or considered for that no idea what I was about to see Or they were speaking in turn But they did me a very little group And I was kind of fun But I could look for what I could look for Just to get out of my mouth And look for what I could look for Speaking time They got me believe in What my account is Using a box Just inside levant Further up Cance When you take a boat Whenever I come to the beach You can including the coffee Football We'll go to the door. Because now I speak in time. At the G, I'm very happy that I've got to know. And I'm having fun. They are now the time I've got to know. I'm a singer. But I would say that I'm a little more safe to watch if I were you. The baseball is here with the largest in the bag. It's 1133, 27,000,000 times. 16 WQM, happy Friday. Do you have any birthday to me? Everybody else celebrate in the birthday. Even our former friend, they're sure a little bit are used to be at the IOD. That's right. That's a raspberry. Okay. And if you like some other fruits, here's one of the fans from Debbie in Lauderdale who says happy birthday for your full because they're weak. They're weak. Like our Tina's voice and a guy's father. She's also a little bit late to put that on. They're a little bit more than a week. They want to be led by somebody else like a bunch of sheep. Here's another fact. This is the fish R on WSB and channel 7 this week because they bought up all the tickets to the blackout. It says, we have ball bill come all this morning. I guess they're not paying her anymore by the fair junior. So they used the salary money to buy the tickets. They had a buy. I wonder how many tickets they had to buy. I guess I could read it in the local fish rapper, but why bother? So it says, just wanted to wish you a happy birthday for your daughter but we're for 16 and 12. That's for you. Now, here's a silly fact that says happy birthday fine. Thank you. But it also says, we play the cardinals. No, you'll play the cardinals. Not we. We, the pay kids play the rans at 415. I just hook up the striped handers in St. Louis, where some nervous about that. Because the paper, it's haven't been playing well last couple of weeks. My three weeks. But nevertheless, it says we play the cardinals. And that's you, that little girl's team that you got this one in seven. The little girl team plays the cardinals at one through a team. And they had a buy there. To take it because a lot of people all want to pay, go see that crap and who the help can blame them. And Wayne acts like he's like in frozen suspended animation now. Maybe Bartler says, spenders, you know? Because he doesn't seem to be able to monitor make a move or do nothing, you know? And of course John, she's answering, well, the season's lost anyway. Why bother you, you know? That's over. Just go over. Gonna get a good draft. You know what, you said it in over till it's over. And you know what? It's over. It's all over. Okay, let's take a few calls. Then we'll get to the great palace column. Carry one here or the facts. Which, you know, some people will see that's our great. Well, he's got some pretty, pretty interesting crap in there. And the guardian that onward Christian soldiers will have said, saying, and you wonder why the rest of the world is looking to this, and this would just great to say, and Sarah and they're just, they're not laughing. They're like horrified. They're horrified. Like a guardian, that big black page that just had two little words in white in the center of it. Oh God, after they saw the results. And that's tells the other exactly right. And of course, these two frames now, they're already got the agenda. Go in and talk about these Supreme Court. And it was Papy Cannon to his best eight off Hitler, but he's going to get into them for Christmas, he's in hardball. I said, Randall, I'm not about how America was repulsed by the specter of J. Mary's and as a result of motivated, motivated, all these good boarded inquisitions. And we're repulsed. I thought he was going to like reprise his 92 convention speech and help put in be bush. See if you face one staying your place. Yeah, that's right. Papy Cannon, you're so fond of by the way, but when push comes to show that two Nazi comes out. Oh, that's relatively speaking. Yeah. Yeah, well, forget about his voters like a baby you can. Is it Bay or Gay? Yeah, he probably another one. Okay. Who do you get away and hello? Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday, Chief. Thanks. I'm turning the amendment to gambling one. I'm just glad that we're lucky to catch the tail in this a comfort behind. And if you, huh? Who? Who do you get? Hey Neil, happy birthday. Thank you. That was a lean attempt at human background. Very lean. Yes, sir. So a three-cent job was working as a slot machine player down here, a professional slot machine player. You'll, you'll wear those guys. No, I've never heard of such a thing. There's about six teams. So what we do is we wait until the machines get up to a certain number and then we sit down and we take up the whole bank. And what do I mean? What do I mean? What does that mean? Sam is $10. When it gets up to about $110, $120, you'll see the bank suddenly. And suddenly, still up at the same time. You'll see people standing all around the casino. And when someone gives a nod, you'll see a move on a bank. Where everybody sits down and starts plunging the brains out until it goes off. I've worked on a machine over 24 hours. All right, it's going on. Because Sukey is going on. It's a Hollywood. It's going on. It's cooking a creek. And all the common people fill up these machines. Then you six professional teams come in. And they just take the cream right off the top. How can you do that? I mean, how can I just decide you're going to sit down and take up all the machines? I mean, did everybody just vacate when you blow the whistle or something like, like, Flamingo's in Hiolera? No, you stand behind the regular person. But everybody starts plunging. You walk in there with literally $20,000 in cash in your pockets. And you start playing four boards, a $10 piece. And you never take your finger off. A normal person can't keep up with that. And eventually they stayed out. And instead of 50 to 150 machines, you got 16. And now the odds are only 6 to 1. See, those aren't real saw machines. I don't even have any idea what you're talking about. That's that's what I've been going to say. And that's a whole different side. I don't even understand what that is. It's for regular six to six progressive slots. That's $250 and $10 machines and all the casino's here. Yeah. And the regular people should just watch those cities. Walk standing around and come take the cream right off the top. And they've been $150,000 in my company last year. I got $8,000. I'll be there. Just let you show that. I'll have the card done. Okay, thanks a lot. I have no idea what he was talking about you. No. I thought I knew a little something about slots. I plunged my gut. So, of course, lots of only for Fags like the guy in Agra Falls, I want to have points of $1,000 a million times a weekend. It would. Hold women, huh? See, this is another thing. It's like, you know, it's like a Fag. It's silly. You talk a lot about stuff you know nothing about. But that's okay. That's fine. I $6,050, $560. Of course, it got like you would. You're big bucks, you ought to be. You'll be the first one. Or it will be a gut steam just plunging your gut, so run it up. Then yeah, I'm a little worried about us. You've got a job, you both feel over there. I can't wait. Yeah. Okay, you're a big gambling. You want to make a start back whenever it had hell I was. And how much did you get? I was so about 3 pity. You were up around 350 on W. You were playing slots. No, I just put black job. See, giant wouldn't play slots because that's only for Fags and old lady, okay. Okay, he would say in black Jack that's our real man. That's right. Yeah, man. We're telling them that Jack. Yeah Oh, yeah, I knew him Met him in the alley once 21 cell noon at 5.60 Q a m You were listening to Neil Roger Hey Spanish, how or manure footballers over this performance by the golf dictionary Now the show championship You You have a brand new childhood. We love the way you fuck your youth. We play free and you're just, and no reason I can. But let me go to our home. For you. Who did the Student Vamos Tell? Sing today. Tonight, I shake the lounge. But it will be so beautiful, We can lift the ball, So you two can fill the night with the power. I'm all in time on by the way my good friend Ian Fremel which I did not go to the track last night thank God I'm so sorry about your two horses one of which the fully two of its rest and finished forth the other one broke into start and finished out even with he finished the race for our lives behind good guy Ian but uh... he had a rough night life not i'm sorry anyway i'm a long time republican i hate where the party isn't really scared where it's going let's not even talk about w n is just pickable family ok let's not much i've got to buy up to the ball of the m2 i don't think mine count it says i'm not sure my was cut it either don't you think there may have been enough to swing the election here in florida point why is this not a story about local stations in the media where's our investigative journalism which we so probably both in our history what was that and which is a very conceited way to release something weeks and ages to know well we're gonna take a flip-flan store after the top of y'all what you say so you say what you think sure i got interesting math here which there are many of these mapa's in a mapa frondae here of the entire country and these states so we're gonna let's see of red wow woo and it's got the app out is shaded in other words uh... even with any state the whole state is uh... covered whoever one either red or blue and then the county is if it's a dark blue it shows that uh... carry one account either rest of it's like the loom means a bush one account even though he lost a state for example in california the overwhelming majority of the counties in california were one by bush the only counties that carry one like uh... san francisco opened a la uh... sandia for the people are where the population but all the rest of the counties all the muggwamps and of course orange county which goes without saying uh... they all went to bush even though carry one state by over ten percent by the overwhelming votes uh... in the state of washington up there in cia del dark blue all over the entire rest of the state like blue bush or gone fortland and you gene dark blue the rest of the state entirely went to bush the state of nebrace you'll be amazed no there was no single county where uh... carry one can't just one of the tiny county might be uh... now it's not can't see the sort of in that area hopefully on my every county went to a bush and you look at this thing and you wonder how you talk about two countries you have the city's like those people uh... would like you most of us with a larger than the thumbnail and then you got the uh... nose pickers florida you look at this day brown convict and leech county that is leo but you're on a west coast right right across yeah uh... all went to carry and then the skip one is that martin county i guess that went to carry number one two three four five other counties went to carry and florida all of a while uh... over the majority of the county went to bush and that's there back to the more than dark folks and liberals are that went all of course to a carry and the same in me she didn't me she can defray and then like uh... an arbor and a couple of other places two other counties went to a carry but generally speaking most of the counties went to bush especially the farther north you get in ronsan so there you go taxes amazingly there were several counties that went for carry but uh... with the second of the long of them i guess that must be austen i'm just thinking because this is the show the cities from just uh... looking at my head out of my butt austen i guess that went to a uh... carry but in some in taxes right by the uh... Mexican border is like one two four six eight ten but the fifteen counties are going to carry in taxes and it's all in beiner's you know judges just in a lot yeah right i said this and uh... sorry five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a year and the uh... horizon ticket arrived was lines why do you think americans are so obsessed with religion what is this all about is christian fundamentalist farbizana orthodox you uh... and you know we make fun of the i'm sure most of you do two in the one of the public you know she the muslims in the rocking and they're on the carpet so they're praying on the carpet and they're kissing the floor and the carpet and you make fun of that what's the difference everybody's got their own rituals their own uh... hit gear their own uh... ornaments their own uh... you know needs and chasques is the chinese say and i speak of that let me ask you this question who do you think does the uh... blows the better kisses yes or on the farbizana so sir say we blow some faster we ought to take a poll on it you know i mean if we have to see yes or on the farbizana uh... come on how many more you got to do yes or not be doing too any more pretty soon come on that is just nausea you know is quickening the little uh... yeah yes or our head below and so the same he says so many for my down because he used to play for door to bush to get it in twenty seven boats ignorance of the ninety six because of rainwater 62 because god loves america twenty nine one nation under god under god indivisible uh... it's a big tax week business twenty three it's part of being a redneck ten and telemanculus seven let's take a few calls what do you say because we don't want to get everybody set like me so we can get in w q a and hello i'm coming yes sir how to go to the thank you so we go okay listen let me feel for your good senses you know what we do to get uh... like mike is you know i'm in no human hold your delet in a red state oh yeah i'm okay i'm okay i'm here i like i'm here what am i gonna be a cone yeah who that role i just want to see myself thank you for the could notã„ã‚„ non thank you could like aç±³ book of Ryan my G has better near G.A. that's even better than my religion right I hear it right now but some of those things are there too W.K.W.A. and hello yes sir happy birthday sir look at srozius listen real i have i i i really can't believe it i i never bought it i want it for the first time this year yeah the fact that people are so against gay marriage and all it the table give up the freedom and allow people to buy it yeah and i promise you i think you can they got to it yeah they got to you man they just they just sat your phone here that yeah that was going to him sorry pali they just sat your phone man yeah the one came marriage i mean it certainly affects a lot of people i'm at no i mean it really is something it's very very uh people are involved in only only the uh going at man only the hate lenders and of course some of those earth about to use even finnies webberman and it gets on sure at this point all of a sudden saw the light but uh it is just a religious extremist man hate give i will guarantee you right now i would better it is life on it that if they put up civil rights on a ballot in the south and maybe even some of the states like some of these red states but just i'll say this south and wouldn't have a chance to pass it first night if you just said i should blacksmith the right to vote yes or no no no chance no chance and if you put on a ballot it should women have a right to vote on your and that that will be touching go in a lot of those states because that's america for you man big it did there's nothing is changed in a hundred and some of the years hundred and forty years since the civil war very little is changed they made some laws you know the passing laws but you can't let just light attitudes you can't let just light the decency you can't let just light the compassion you can't let just light fairness you make all laws and rule but when people are raised with bigotry and hate i grew up i told you the story many times it crosses me from a cathart school and watch this and here and the kids used a couple of times beat me up because i killed Jesus i said i didn't even know the damn bastard okay what do you mean i mean for so what you feel you killed Jesus you do bastard and that's what they teach the best man that's what you people your religious not teach hate hate hate so to get used to need a bright life's uh how many years now but thirty years we've been to state post uh medical nays because the blacks it's not so fast and we'll even though they are hard work for men is hatred toward you dark post but you know he just doesn't want to say that in public anymore but being humble full of debts are very popular thing you can do that although i will say like i said before america was ready for this they're connected and issue uh was unacceptable that's why i got on a ballot in those 11 states under the guys so they see the defensive marriage act included that possibility anyway it was uh right here and it didn't need to be on the ballot you don't need to pass any laws but under the guys the well man's on truth is he's doing it you see what those damn Canadians are doing up there and i'm damn Dutch and uh Scandinavian said next thing you know will be for is if of course somehow it affects your life which it is not in any way she'd perform and and look i said that uh american go and fast per watt what i'll find any five more more stuff i'd do in some of our prizes too our prizes so you do a hello and you don't need a verdict thank you all right i as far as that map with it my counties i was looking at it too and if you notice most of the blue counties that's where all the AIDS and crime and jay's are absolutely right yeah right yeah right AIDS and crime and jay's or I goes hand in hand it right haha haha yeah like gay rarid and prom each right somebody qan hello yes sir excuse me a rarid speaking wow hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey so i'm in the world of down to the world i'm back in front of the world that down to the house is like the world we're going to have it yeah yeah well jakey america okay that was it i guess huh so i'm just so overwhelmed and so amazed that it was in touch with the great one oh that's right i forgot i'm not the great one anymore you should be with a new great one your good friend okay let's take one final look and that's what rapist thing up the next hour we're just uh we'll just do that religion for we do once a while just to see if we got any hope out there in this crowd i'm i'm pushing for day 100% of the audiences either AIDS is to right now say oh you're gonna chase all of us believe it's a way good good good good good stack bye bye well package salami sandwich okay including orthodox dudes that make your kid rid him stupid little beanies okay you make me want a gag and if you saw i'll say it again all you old cubins that are so obsessed with cuba and all you old dudes that are so obsessed with adjo cia cia no problem get on your robot okay or further trip over to the middle east but i'm sure that god will help you alive no problem did i just do something wrong here probably we're not looking at my i'm just second because i'm like again so far ahead of myself based on my extrapolation it's almost like 145 this is mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on q eight um tired of the same boring old community in wafers at holiday mass open white and prepared to receive nice apia on these water oh man wait for the game now baby this isn't it's not no for the divine miracle of trans sub-samsi agent i turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of christ why does the body of christ have to be so yucky spice of your next community with new christ eroni christ eroni is a special blend of rice spices and seasonings plus a bit of the body of christ in every fluffy fortfall and christ eroni cooks up perfect every time as you sure mmm kind of some more christ father that's christ eroni baby and then that christ eroni the trans exchange nation tree that's almost enough maybe we want to play all the kitty dee grow you know back when still was like a real person in those days i'm just play that today kill some good time alright 12-1-5-60 WQA i'm here's the a final tally on a poll from when i printed this out anyway and we get the great new one of their right now eric let's stop on it okay and then you can go take a nap and have a couple lunches why do you uh why do you think americans are so obsessed with religion with fairy tales with bubble micees with nonsense with foolishness all this insanity all this bigotry and a hate if there's one thing i hate it's hate ignorance two fifteen because they're brainwashed eighty six ignorance and brainwashed brobo like that like that little girl they had on that tn and piece who kept saying oh you don't believe in Jesus you've got a burning hell because god loves america i've heard of man he wrote on that it's a 8% say because god loves america that's why he made the whole world so it can hate everybody else be loves america all the people who were she hates him for fodder course god is perfect so it couldn't possibly hate or be selfish like it says it in the 10 commandments uh if he's perfect how could he be selfish don't could use them with a fat now you he'd invested nobody's a selfish god you can't have any other gods i can't be selfish because he's perfect well go ask it's a big chance we've been this 25 it's part of an arid neck eleven and telepenseless seven pays the lord send us your money okay and there's that full free number to bottom your screen for jann and paul's crotch great palace and the police of the show you who he is he's a great columnist you rights carry one here are the facts bear with me okay okay i know you don't want to hear it you can't face one more hung chair but i don't have a choice as a journalist examining that messy sausage called america democracy it's my job to tell you who got the most votes in the deciding states to they know how and a Mexico it was on carry most voters in a lot of that they were voting for carry cnans exit polisher carry beating bush among a high women fifty three to forty seven percent carry also defeated bush among a lot of his mail voters fifty one to forty nine percent unless a third gender voter know how carry to fifty state so what's going on here answer the exit polls are accurate pollsters ask who did you vote for unfortunately didn't ask the crucial question was your vote counted the voters don't know here's why although the exit pollish showed that most voters know how touched cards for carry it was thousands of these votes were simply not recorded this was predictable and it was predicted once again at the heart of the Ohio on counted vote game are i'm sorry to report hanging chads and pregnant chads plus some other ballot threshold and new the election in the Ohio was not decided by the voters by but something but by something called spoilage typically in the US about three percent of the vote is void it just thrown away not recorded when the bottle had boobs in the on the tube tell you Ohio any other state was one fifty one to forty nine percent don't you believe it it's never happened to us because the total never reaches any one hundred percent the television total simply subtract the subtract out the scroll vote who's votes are discarded well not all vote votes for equally most of those votes say every official report come from African American minority precincts we saw this in Florida in 2000 as a poll show girl when a plurality released fifty thousand but it didn't act to you official count and that's because the official secretary is dead Catherine Harris excluded a hundred eighty thousand spoiled votes in Florida as in Ohio most of these votes lost were cast on punch cards where the whole wasn't supposed to completely leaving a hanging chad or was punched extra times whose cards were discarded experts statistic in investigating sports for the government calculated that fifty four four percent of the ballots thrown in the dumpster were cast by black folks and here's the key Florida's terribly typical the majority of ballots thrown out there'll be nearly two million tossed out from two days election will have been cast by African American other minority citizens so here we go again or here we don't go again because unlike the last time the Democrats are even asking will have to count these cards with an occupied punch tools called under votes of the voting biz where are they demanding we look at the over votes for voter intent may be discerned Ohio is one of the last states in America to continue the vote squatting punch card machines and the secretary of state of Ohio Jake and blackwell wrote before the election the possibility of a close election with punch cards is the state's primary voting device and by say Florida like calamity but this week blackwell a rapidly partisan religious republican is warmed up for the result of sticking with machines and have a habit of eating democratic votes when asked if he feared being this year's Katherine Harris blackwell noted that miss fix it's efforts signed it for a seat in Congress exactly how many votes were lost to score lives this time blackwell's office notably won't say the first and foremost carry hit was had by chads but the Democrat wasn't punched out by punch cards alone they're also with a challenges that's a polite word for the Republican party of Ohio's use of an old co-class plan technique the attempt to block thousands of voters of color at the polls in Ohio was constant inflow to the GOP late plans for poll workers to ambush citizens under arcane laws almost never used allowing party designated poll watchers to finger individual voters demand they be denied a ballot the Ohio courts were horrified in federal law for habits targeting voters where races affect the challenge but our supreme court was prepared to let Republicans stay in the voting booth door in the end the challengers were not overwhelming but there was air many apparently result in voters getting these funky provisional ballots a kind of voting placebo which may or may not be counted blackwell's to make sure 175,000 in Ohio Democrats say 250,000 figure number but if challenges were in the minorities no one does these are again overwhelming the democratic count them up and in the scrolled punch cards easy to tell you with human eye and recap and the totals begin to match the exit polls in Gali got yourself a new president don't forget Bush won by just a 336,000 votes in Ohio now wanted to Mexico where a carrier plurality of all votes are counted is still more obvious before the election in time paying dot com i wrote John Kerry's down by several thousand votes in a Mexico to not one ballots been counted yet how did that happen it's the score list to openly provisional ballots CNN said George Bush didn't mix go by 11,620 votes again the network total ended up to that miraculous and unexistent 100% of ballots cast in Mexico reported in the last racist spoiler rate of 2.68% votes lost almost entirely in his panic native American and poor precincts democratic turf from Tuesday's vote assuming the same ballot lost rate we can expect to see 18,000 ballots in the spoilage been spoilers has a very democratic look in the Mexico Hispanic voters in the enchanted state of voted more than 21 for Kerry our five times as likely to have their votes for a white voter counting these uncounted votes would easily overtake the bush so called for reality already the election venue for the spoilers are popping up in the election stats exactly where we've expected and the heavily Hispanic areas controlled by republican election officials chavez county and a little test of the area of the Mexico as a 44% Hispanic population plus Americans and Native Americans yet George Bush won there 68 to 31% now let's say on the effective the domestic hotelia provisional ballots they were heading to not like candy albuquerque a journalist reney blick reported these provisional ballots and 20,000 were given out who got them said he goes far as who are warriors who when the faithful citizenship program for Catholic arts and i season the Mexico told me that his voters for his Spanish will mean identified as solid carries supporters were handed the if he provisional ballots his Spanish were given provisional ballots rather than the counterable kind almost religiously he said at ploying stations when there was the least question about to voters identification some voters and he had was said were simply turned away so we can call Ohio a new Mexico for John Kerry if we count all the votes but that won't happen despite the democratic parties pledged leadership this time given to racial disenfranchisement once again why no doubt that democrats know darn well the counting all the support and provisional ballots would require the cooperation of Ohio secretary state blackwell and he will all of a little decide which world and provisional ballots get tally blackwell hankering the step and a kid heresist political pumps is likely to permit anything close to a full count also democratic leadership knows darn well the media would punish the party for demanding a full count what now well Kerry once told your victory party will make sure the shades are down it may be illegal to the man to full count vote count under pp. of act three paper act three i use to write a comment for the guardian papers in London several friends of asked me if i believe the country again and let him afraid to raise second time to count all the votes that won't be necessary because my country is left me how do you like that so great to last oh yeah it's a spoiled the girl's crown over spoiled grant to you all right well what is it for days right next there it is okay let's see how better vote on this thing huh is that a vote it's just a survey that's all our survey says what religion are you atheist he said and he took the right there a jury of course got a vote agnostic because he's you know i just don't know yeah you know though i do know see you keep pretending that to get it you know how to get what you're making the same claim that they are the Christians when you're making a claim of that you can't prove yeah so it's a semantics thing okay prove it look at that we got 15 agnostic in seven eight years so far maybe that's good that's excellent and galore for president that's what i say i hit around my show years ago even though i did forget that you didn't have a DM the end of her name i did have around my show back in the day when i was doing those boring shows for daughters like that was changing main carry that's not for the her daughters kind of cute really yet any learning like that yeah i like two to the the change bulldogged daughter married i guarantee that no question okay let's take a few calls and also this i want to get to this uh guardian very long five pages oh geez we get so upset when you start reading these long ponders thing i don't i like it third life it and uh jashio we'd be care because he's checking out that football schedule right right see money is going to be a problem because i've got jashio magiana the other day worked out fine we was real good they were both very quiet which is fine because i was on a roll but that was leading up to the elections he now monday i might need a little more assistance because you know who the hell was what we're gonna do now not this is all over all right uh well i mean we're not gonna harp on this every day for for three and a half or a while or hours right every day uh oh geez even i can handle that with a fine some cutesy funky stuff you know really clean though of course nothing uh x-rated nothing sub-rozen because we don't want to get to a subset and the bee's least w q a m hello hello yes sir yeah yes so we think of maybe uh this year for your Christmas tribes maybe we could you could collect for uh uh binds black jackets for our kids uh help them maybe save a few legs and it sounds like got something to work on you you know you know really i i i work there the place it makes it down here and up for part i can go down and ask them yeah but this up and watch it i do you want to hit and uh right i'm going to check what do you flex jackets for ourselves yeah for all the fuck we get five six seven oh five six he comp five six he and he relies in singular wildest lines w q a and hello two a and n yes sir going on baby i do think about common and a question uh hang up the listen to the comment uh would it be wrong or actually this is uh it's just a comment uh i know that and it's a more cut as inevitable and uh what are you doing there what are you not that good feeling and i just hope that this time the attack the rest day and my question how tall is your Rodriguez thinking uh a lot of real there hey give your boyfriend a big kiss for us there whatever you know and i look at that 12 13 already they're doing it and who is it i'm five six eight and dumb it's great from the gynecid introducing new Catholic life the religion which one third the guilt of your regular faith new Catholic life satisfies your needs for Christianity but it doesn't feel you'll put a lot of thought to it Catholic life there's no confessions no servants and no lingering afterlife it's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances our services are held three times here and they're only 15 minutes long plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion we've got that too look for our church reveal a new neighborhood if hey you might be in the front for you little face try Catholic life because a little faith is all you mean 12 17 and 5 60 praise the Lord past ammunition baby all right what will it you remember of we're getting a slow start on the server here today maybe they're waiting for the weekend to do anything all these great in my survey analyze it what is it or you switch the polls you don't have a dollar to want what does that mean they don't know they got to go back on and go to get they know a thing or an agnostic 27 atheist 26 pretty even there 13 Catholic reforms you eight conservative you for Presbyterian for we got them all on here. I think Lutheran too Christian scientists one to be at some event this do not now we'll do that now Lutheran too Christian scientists one of fiscal will land no quaker scientists of the Venice Mormons Orthodox user Wittons yet they're called the Wittons or what to do with that let up for that what call the Wittons right now they don't know yeah you've got to get the witches on your man which is which is it on word Christian soldiers what a great segue from the guardian UK it says the hopefuls in the Democratic camp really believe victory the west election was within their grass pod they get so wrong they failed to appreciate his time in shama that their country is now in fact two nations that low than fury each other godly and worldly america it's long bear with me i'll do the best i can i'm happy and like uh well we'll see in the we small hours in November third 2004 a new country appeared on the map of the modern world the DSA the divided states of america oh yes i know they have look at toy pidees about healing you've begun not least from the lips of the noble loser this is music of the years of the victor of course who wants to do nothing better than for all of us to come together a position otherwise known as unconditional surrender please fellow promotions and last years can someone on the losing side say just once and for all not roll over and follow to a warm bath the patriotic predator such moments but toot the flute of battle instead yell and holler and snarled us a little bit i don't want to hear the one i want to scratch it and taking it till it hurts and bleeds and then maybe we'll have a taste to get up from the mat do we think the far-right Republican candidate very gold water and the ash he got of his an isolation in 1964 wanted to share go to so he wanted to win sometime and now by god he has we are one nation the newborn star democrat senator elect Barack Obama explained even as they every satian factor of local life be lighting what a light in both Lincoln for not since the civil war has the fault line between us to have been so glaringly clear or the casin between its two cultures so starkly unvrigible even territory with exception of florida its peninsula finger pointing expect a little bit of a tour america's are top of graphic cool here and all is contiguous one of those america's is a perimeter line on the oceans or thwart the fuzzy boundary with the Canadian lakes and is this is early porous and outward looking the other america whether modern art or prairie is solidly continental and landlocked its tap roots and upstant self belief very deep beneath the blue grass and high corn it's time we call these two america something other than the republican democrat for the mutual alienation and unpergiving content is posted as soon as she or an Indian terms muslim and hindu how about then godly america and worldly america worldly america which of course do i'm carry one by a massive landslide faces while the world on its pacific and a land of coast and freedom gages commercially and culturally with a human europe in the easy understanding that those continents are i dynamic synthesis of ancient cultures and modern social economic practices this true is a mistriting to worldly america not least because so many of its people in the crowded cities are themselves products of its old new ways of korea japan islander idly and worldly america san francisco shakago sandy eagle near the foreigners up and anxiety were weathering necessity its america is polycultural not pallyana godly america on the other hand rock ridden big chinese bioming stretched out just as far as it places in w is deeply grilled peches turns its back on that dangerous permissuous in pure world and for phanty high heavenly indestructible endurance of the american difference if worldly america is beyond anything else a city a street and a port godly america is as its hearty organ who's been incredibly determines its votes over the coolant structure of the head a church a farm and a birx places that are walled fence and consecrated worldly america is about finding civil ways to share crowded space from a metro bust of the planet godly america is about making over space in its image one america makes room the other america mussels in worldly america is pragmatic practical rational and skeptical in telephony past proposition 71 funding embryonic stem cell research beyond the restrictions imposed by bush's federal policy godly america is mythic messianic counterpart conversionary given acts of public witness hence the need in uton on ten in a handful of other states to pull the voters on amendments to their state constitution defining mirrors as union between the opposite sexes but then worldly america said the feet the cardal of vanities godly america banishes and punishes them from time to time godly america will decem in the flesh possible the america from Gotham it had its citadelic convention there after all to call a forecation will shop for t-shirts take a step at the local pagans and then return to base camp more convinced than ever that a time of redemption of repentance must be a hand but if the stippnet transgressors cannot be persuaded they can be calden conquered the wonder so many of us got the lessons so fabulously wrong even the early hours of two dayning when the exit polls apparently were giving john kary a tour of food point lead in both florida and ohio from most of us per blinda right us from our days and will the america think that godly america some sort of point and equanimism due to aprophe and disobeyers the hyper modernity of the cyber rate over takes it and whatever fastness of Kentucky or Montana might still circle its wagons the shop for the world reasons to discover the godly america is its modernity and so far from far from withering before the advanced of the blogger in the zipped ravice actually empowered by them the synacity with which godly america insists that the revolution is just that a theory was no more lovely ability to creationism or that a rackies didn't fact bring down the twins ours is not an anyway challenged by the digital pathways of the information age in fact set articles of faith or expedited reinforced by them holy bloggers blovie eight pedicustellists ornament their website with a nimbus of trembling electronic ridians and for all i know you can download past your down ascrawl singing the phrases of the lord right here god's pod you have a god pod not only nor transpires is the exercise of the franchise of sure far away for democrats to prevail the received wisdom in these worldly parts subscribe to by yours truly was that a massively higher voter turnout would necessarily favor carry pdb's voter die campaign was credited with giving out young voters on mass window the pool's in 2000 we saw a lot of springston in bond joe being ecstatic on top turn faces who could possibly match their mobilization we thought answer to a hope i missed a full servant say Carl the roe the business to rave all in 2004 the astounding success of the republicans and shipping millions of white evangelicals to the pool also would stay home four years earlier we thought we were fight up with righteous indignation again to the seat to the propaganda campaign for the war in Iraq against the gross inequities of the tax cuts but our fire was just hot air compared to the g had launched by the godlies against the infamy of a tax roll back of merely presuming to diss the dear leader in a time of war and the battians of christian soldiers made the telling difference in the few critical places where godly and worldy america do actually rub shoulders or leisure estate or higher above all by the lights of the uh... facade what i have no idea what this word is facade humanity what is that uh oh hi auto been an act of the democrats aging in that's the city such as a clean and beaten with big concentrations of minorities suffered for long economic pain from the outsourced industries Cleveland Cincinnati or classic cities of the worldly plane after cade in completely revive great art museums of rock and roll hall of fame a terrific symphony orchestra a drive of it in your deep Zion where the whole scene's graze by billboards urging the sin for return of the bosom of the almighty the church or fight in high school football shots in sosan is at the fettan and support our troops i and grow as thick as the good abaga at first sight is not must distance between this world and western Pennsylvania but where the state line of the market in twenty-foot high electrical electrified fences the front here between the two america's couldn't be sharper the voters of the vuck i state cities did care about job they did listen my carry told them rich had been disproportionately nice uh benefit in nicely from bush's tax cut but they were also listening when they're preaches both black and white culminated against the uncanny's of sottom and the murder of the unborn in the end those whose most serious anxieties were the state of the economy and the mess of fatany were out voted by those who told exit pullers that their greatest concern in 2004 was moral values faith in politics may have even had a hand in delivering florida bush by surprising margins since it seems possible that Jewish voters their voted for my son the vice president Julie mroam instructing the face of the abhorrence of his position on abortion would have been modest persuasive as uh kidding him out with a gun camouflage and dead canner to geese a laboriously transparent exercise in damning and sincerity in godly america the politics of impassioned conviction inevitably trumped the politics of logical argument on cnna few ming james carville wondered out loud how a candidate to third by the voting public to obsessively one at least two of the three televised debates could have still been defeated but the victory in those debates was one of body language rather than reason discourse a registered more deeply with a public than the present looked hunched and pivish than they even called by carry on the relevance of the war and erected the threat of terror and since the insides was one of appearance and not essence it could just as easily be replaced by countless photo officer the present restored to sound by the ability the charge that bush in a second war had second war actually made a work or less and not more safe and it created not flushed out mess of terror simply failed to register with the majority of those that put that issue with the top of their concerns why because the present had acted meaning the at least it killed some at least in bad dudes in response to nine eleven it might be the wrong ones in the wrong places carry silver nobore again but that was simply too complicated truth to master forget the question political geography the electoral was saying to be popular commitment to elfuristic democratic reconstruction on the tag with is whatever the white house orthodoxy is less than wolf wolf wolf wasian it's all sand and towel heads anyway right just smash them like a right catalope who then who gives us made just make the test on a test us to maintain all the way to the polls thus it was that the war veteran found himself demonizes a vassalating compromise their assault on candidate while a pair of drag-out jr's would sacrifice more than eleven hundred young men and women to a quick side of eleven team makeover and log which i prophecy will be ignominously wound up by next summer the isolationist administration heading rather than eocons cut off scott free lionizes the fathers of our troops well the autumn leaves have just this week fallen from the trees up here in the Hudson Valley and the scales from the eyes of us deluded world these if there's to be any sort of serious political future for the democrats they have to uh do far more than just merely to it on the shortcomings of the incumbents and it will be opportunities in the which in years ahead the real challenge is the borsal alternative social gospel political liturgy of the godly's one that redefines patriotism is american community not just a collection of well-seeking individuals one that refuses to play a zero some game between freedom and justice one in which as the last populist president will put it just a week ago thought and hope or not usually exclusive you on moral values sort of way the lesson come from the street not the pulpit and if her first beginning must be made and it must let it not begin with a healing but with a fight enforcement of what you want to say here in five dollars read And soon to what it is, it's a little piece, but piece could do that, but piece could do that, but piece could do that, And change the water into one. The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet saying, To what it is, it's a little bit of a fun thing to do. The fun I don't see, it's a dumb I don't speak to, And the two I did and said it's a little bit of a fun thing to do, But don't want to do my talk, my talk, my talk, My talk, any chair to reference or else. And I put the book in the book. Whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm saying he's the son of God. And I put the book in the book. Yes, they do, but there's all the people who get so out. Now he's the reason that we have any sedation. And to what it is, it's a little bit of a piece of reason That all the questions were saying, to what it is, It's a little bit of a place in frame. Of course there's this making the rounds and I see on BuzzFly somebody Thanks to copy I saw yesterday. New map of the last or at least of North America. And most of what all the red states are now called Jesus Land. And the blue states have joined with Canada and the United States of Canada. How's it going, hey? It's okay, we can add it. That would be great. United States of Canada, I think that may happen someday. And I'm sure, because geographically those blue states, I mean you have to go down the pike a little bit to get the California, but nevertheless it's still connected there. You know, still like, like, arm, that left coast. And then of course those upper Midwestern states in the soda was constant, Michigan. They're all like, Illinois. They're all like, uh, lump together there. And New York at the whole Northeast there in Pennsylvania and Joyce and Delaware and Maryland. It's all like neatly connected there. We can do a wee bit of redistribution. Now you go in there and, uh, for business, I notice we don't have any Orthodox Jews listening. And what I say to that, they're busy making beanies. It is so, so sad. It was used. It's really, it's good for us. Go there already. Okay, go there and hop on a bus. See if he survived it. Get out of our face already. Terry had a 100% voting record for Israel and his entire political history. And you know, something that was a bad mistake. I didn't like that kind of, and during that pun in the Bayland, I got into the one question about that. And he said nothing at all about the Palestinians are about the same. Again, all he was pantering to the Jews again because that's what you have to do. You have to pan to repent or any of their heat or a bush. And why do you think the say about a Palestinian state or about the innocent Palestinians they're getting care like the innocent Israelis? No, it's strictly a one side of deal because we have to suck up to that fat ass aerial surrounding terrorist lunatic. Nevertheless, take a look at the survey. Now the survey's usually pretty interesting, although I don't think so this time. We've chased them all away. Good. I don't care. The Mormons. Remember we started. We used to have a few Mormons. Remember? Yeah. I think we're back in the beginning. We had about 30 minutes. I wanted to make sure that because you made up all those nasty comments about them right in the bicycles, but they're not in white shirts and ties. What's best to you about that? You know, I'll tell you. I remember all the stuff you said. Let's say great to last column. Other stuff I'm seeing around the internet. Who's this from? Is this from our friend Fred? Yeah, it is Fred. How do I know that? He's just happy birthday. Thank you. Fred Fred still working on it. Okay. Let's see. He's got a foil and a graph and a tin foil hat. And whatever he's got, it goes very on-brave. Exit pulling. A little time. I'll see. Mean. I don't get it. Floor as it pulling. Carry 51 bush 48. Actually, vote the way around 51 48 bush. Oh, how is it pulling? Carry 52 bush 47. Five points lead. Bush 51. Carry 48 final vote. Pennsylvania 60 to 40 for carry. And the final vote was only 2 points. 51 49 for carry in Pennsylvania. How do you like that? Oh no, but the answer pulling was all wrong. And we did the right thing. The wrong thing. We jumped into conclusion. Should I go to say that now? I can otherwise it looks like it was fixed. And we can't have a fixed lesson in America. That would be bad. WQAM. Hello. Hey. Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Finally, pay for your visit to Dr. Comorkin. Yeah. I'll pay for your visit to Dr. Comorkin. Okay. Great. That was great. And okay. We're just going to respect just exactly what you respect from all those that crowd. I'm not going to Dr. Comorkin. How about you given it a shot? Okay. Yeah. How about spending some time. Hershey will let with fully loaded chambers this weekend. I made this with Maryland chambers. She's probably about 90 now. She might take a look at him. I heard it. 560. 560. 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. See if I have big joke. All these kids are going to die by their when they have this attack on the future come up in the days to come. And they've already alerted the hospitals. And they're going to run blood bath. Right. The stories on the, I just said on news day to joke. It's a big joke. You know, just a half of the week. Like a football game. It's the same mentality. And of course, why not because a lot of these people like the those pickers you see it like that article. I read on a Friday night football game in Texas. Praise the Lord. They're going to loop social security. Great. Yeah. Yeah. So all the young punk's who lose their money in the stock market. WQA and hello. Happy birthday to you, my new. Love you. Okay. I guess I must let him on the circle. Kamma. You're, definitely QA and hello. I'm working you know. Thanks. How you doing? Great. How about the religious bit the church bar and grill? People that one? First of all, yeah. That's a little Bob and Tom one. I don't think I have that. I think George might have this somewhere. I'll be out there. You got it? So we're. It's, I don't know. It's hard for you to talk. I don't know. We only got now our 20 minutes to go. It's not that we, you know, are desperate. I got a really good comment here by Paul Krugman is usual. And one by Antonio's are busiest in the Toronto star. Or they just rip bush and ass and he merkin people as well as star. And I did they rip them and ass. In fact, you know something I forgot about that because the one articles on the other side of that. Howdy by Tony. You know. Victory for bush. No fluke this time. I just want paragraph at the end. It's by Thomas Walkerman, the star who says Canadians might find this unsettling, but this it seems as today's United States. They support freedom in the abstract or consider some specific freedom such as freedom of men to marry men or women women beyond the pale. But this is seems as today's United States. Americans were not, they were not tricked into electing a social conservative present anxious to make war not this time. This time they deliberately chosen. Sure. Not too happy about the whole world. It's like hanging her head and shame like how the hell did this go on. Happen again. Let's be because they're all carvings. Namaste it. County Pinkos. Anyway. I don't know what to the one. I don't know what to the one. I waste my time reading things. So I feel like I'm fighting into a win storm now, you know. Silently I hope. Oh yeah. Sage Royce. I'm only fighting very, very, very, very men and they smell a real like lilac. Because watch is true. He's right across the lake. He's no dislike lilac. I'm looking at that county by county. It looks to me like buffalo and roaches your vote for curie. That is I just can't get over that because they're very traditionally Republican counties. Wow. That is just amazing. In fact, Niagara Falls, Buffalo, whatever. I don't have, I guess it's Niagara County in Iraq, you're a county. Is buffalo? You would know. I see. Yeah. Yeah. Go to for curie. That's just unbelievable. Maybe they figured they give me heat and feed bowling passes. A few white socks. And for you know, what is that stuff they got to meet that's not smoke meat. That's not your own. Whatever their stuff is. Well, fat boy would know. And by the way, don't give fat boy those buffalo tickets. I won't. I'll tell you who I am. Hello. How you doing? Pretty good, Tally. And I'm over for curie, but most of the people that I know vote for Bush and they always bring up the fact. Oh, why both for curie because he's going to cut the military. People want to cut the budget for the military, just a net. And one more thing. You know what you want to do? Same. Go ahead. I know what Bill's mom did. I know Rick Tacher's there, but what you got to tell him is just do. I'm coming up. Did he say what or who? What did Sally fit to do? She sat on a battery. She sat on a cork bottle. Matter of fact, Bill will rally knows all about it. She sat on a bushing. They got a lot in coming. Four objects, you know. That's all going to pick on Sally. That's all going to pick on Sally. That's all going to pick on Sally. These people who are channel 7 fetish this obsession. First say, I did the break, didn't I? What break? The one at 1238. Perfect. I didn't know it. I'm just rambling on here. We got to do a freaking break. You're listening to me and Roger Mashit when he was up. I'm not a f**k. I'm not a qa. Keep dating. If you stick a piece of better oldly partially awesome, now there's a new piece. So that's totally awesome. It's coming. It was my life, Peter by one entire piece of Tyler's apple. Another piece of apple with another piece of apple that with three toppings of your choice. And we found another pizza on top of that. Crumb! But we're not done yet. We put another pizza on top of that. And another pizza on top of that with three additional toppings of your choice. Can you make the same toppings that are on top of the piece of the features below that? No. But on top of that piece, there's another piece of an apple with a pizza above that. You can repeat the toppings choice from any players down. Looking at four feet to up in the one below the second one with three toppings has stuffed crots? No. Pizza down from the one above the second one with three toppings can't fully treat the others more. Wow. I can't wait to get down in order one. Domino's mile high pizza pie. Why would you wait? Why is the living room an open the door? It's Domino's. We left off. I didn't know my bad. Let's off. A whole bunch of important religions here. How could we leave off their Muslims? Oh, man. Jesus, Kate. Christ. How could I do that? And the six. Right? And seven, and eight. Seeks of passion. Seek. Yes, I can't. Got it. Remember the day they could call in last year said, I'm sick. I'll be fine. Good doctor. Buddhist. We forgot the Buddhist to let her have a Buddhist head. Got like three of them in town here. And what about the Shinto? Shinto? What do we put down? Shinto is that the name of the religion? Shinto? Correct. How about that, Japanese? There's a girl's to learn with you. Where is that girl? She's there. And what about her? There's a many discussion about religion in Japan and about human. And they have them. I think they're with you. They're with you being the ambassador to you. There's no question. Probably Brown being her in brainwashing. They have Shinto and Buddhism and they use it like traditional flavor. They don't believe it literally. She said. Right. And she's a shock him to say the people actually do believe in religion literally. As a person. Like most of the real world is okay. So they do still like it. I have to say. Religious fanaticism is the thing that we're all the rational people are fighting. Even that drew in South Carolina redneck Republican. He knew it. We're fighting religious intolerance. Religious monaticism. Which equals a.k.a.a. hate. Good old fashion. A.H. And by the way for that moron, it called before. Well, this is religiously of the show, by the way. The same one that came to me a song that's about Michael Moral last year. I recognize these horses man like he wouldn't believe. Hey, to break the news. Not only am I not ready to see Dr. Kervorke. But even though maybe they're too late. The text will be show up. They show up. Big ones. Big fat ones. WQA and hello. Yes sir. I heard you sound like Mr. Stable McEucar. Okay great. WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Mr. Hey, the monitor. I'm just. I'll have to move more than there you go. I had some article by Hunter Ed Thompson. Did you? I just wondered if you read that. Or it seemed as comments regarding the election. No. If I back to see you would you be interested? Sure. At the pretty point in the. You remember about? Yeah. What do you think about that guy? I mean, I don't think much of what I'm just curious is. So you're taking on him. Well, some of the article I'll read. I have an open mind. What's the fact I'm again? Do you know if? 305. When did you ask? We're very friendly bunch here with some days. 305. 6.5. Oh, 190. Oh, one. One. Got it. Thank you. That's right. Thanks every weekend. 5.670. I worry. I've been in a number of spared count. But this I mean, Wednesday, I was in it. I was physically ill all day. I just, ah, like, how could this be? Right. But of course, we know how it can be because whether the fixes in or not. It, you know, my hooker by truck, I already told you the fight away. You're not going to let go of the reins of power after they were, after they ever say went through the seal at the last time. You think you're just going to let the girl loose that easily? No. Now. I'll take another thing that doesn't make any sense. They say, well, he actually pulls doesn't take it. In fact, if people would trouble it. Well, guess what? Traditionally, just about every election. Who are the people that go late after work? I get them across. Oh, well. Every time, traditional, I mean, goes back as in years because they work all day. And then if they weren't able to do it early in the morning, they go out there and they turn out in very large numbers late in the day. So when you look inside the car, it was at a couple of points in Florida. And again, Ohio and most of it almost every one of the battleground states. That's why people were celebrated dancing because of their culture was all over. And here they had all these long lines, solos, long lines of dark folks during Cleveland and these places. And all of a sudden, it kind of reminded me of the old metro rail deal. You know, all those people showed up in homes. They're to go for something that had nothing to do with them. Not that we're suggesting anything you want to say. Of course. Double QA and hello. Yes, hello. Okay, good one. Double QA and hello. Good afternoon, sir. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. I don't know if you saw the email that Michael Morris sent out. The first one on yesterday evening, I think I got it. I think it's a perfect. He has the whole list of all the 1120 or whatever kid to die uselessly in Iraq. And then right under there, he says, maybe rest in peace and maybe one day, forget us. I think it's perfect. Yeah, and he said, we put on our website the most entertaining head of the picture of Bush behind the barbed wire. And then we'll be square the barbed wire as a picture of one of those kids. Okay. Cut question. Maybe I don't know if you can answer it or maybe one of the, uh, but don't forget to work. Interested in more values. Yeah, I'll get about that. Uh, yeah, right. Sure. Um, what is the difference? What is the legal difference between slot machines? Two and three. What's the deal there? So, slot machines, two is those make believe ones that they have at the Indians right now. We have to, you don't really play this slide. It's got a bingo game on top. And then the site is just a funny, below any is a legal way of getting around because, uh, you know, supposedly the three, which is what they voted in favor of on Tuesday. Right. Sister regular vagus, perhaps slot machine. That's all it does. And have all that stupid crap on. So it is. So we are going to have the three's in the per mutual net is correct. Oh, yeah, you bet. Hey, great deal. I might even come down there once in a while. Just for the hell of it. Don't, don't, don't do it too much. Hey, hey, hey, hey. That's the question of great while. I'm more gay than hot. I'm talking to you. Here we have this circus mess ragin' little wood bind here. I have a great time. You've got feeling? I don't. Thanks, sir. Yeah, it's going to be great. It's great for the horseman. It's great for their whole per mutual. And this route, which has been dying because it's got so much competition. And a lot of that competition might be Indians that's not getting taxed. The cruise ship's not getting taxed. The state isn't benefiting. New suckers out there aren't benefiting from any of it. Because all that money is just going into somebody's pocket. But I got to read that again. And I saved that. That's just frost my fat ass. When they find out that $5.6 million of the no-on for money, the anti-gambling campaign was financed by the Seminal Tribe. And the two weeks leading up to collection again, scare the public. Just like the Bush people did with all this terrorism crap. I'm scared of public. People respond real well to being scary. The ads warned that slots and soft-boiled as per mutuals would ruin the state's family friendly tourist reputation. We felt we had to protect the assets of the Seminal Tribe. In other words, they didn't want the competition. That's all. It's not to take care about ruining a family friendly tourist reputation. Because they got basically the same thing there. Just a different class of slots. That's all. The phone you going with. And now they're going to be able to get the same thing. It's unbelievable. And of course, this is a max OCO, a Seminal Tribe councilman from Hollywood. It admitted he never saw the TV ads financed by the Tribe, which just happens to own the Seminal Hard Rock Hotel in Casino. Well, you talk about getting new new. And if I don't be in it's call it a faser, you want to see me be in the water. And exclusively on my sick, human being. And crap, you know, this is an un-designative tomb. It's the one to two hours. We interrupt this program to bring you, waking you. The del Castro and communism have fallen in Cuba. Our microphones were there to capture this historic moment. Gracias, gracias, adios. Whoa. What the hell? No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. I'm not. No, no. I'm not. No, no. No, no. You heard it here, birds. The whole of Castro and communism in Cuba. Oh, back to our regular list, schedule, program. It's a minute and after one and five six years, you know, I haven't even a schedule there. But in remiss, we got the mad dog at publics. Now, do we ever find out what publics he's going to be doing the show for him and is it going to be in the fresh fruit or the meat department? I don't know. We don't know. No. I've never heard a sense of things. He's going to be doing the show for publics. Keep driving around from publics to publics. And so you find it. And he's bizarre. We're for the one of the crowd out for it. Wow. I'm not afraid for a course from a studio and a big, oh, it's seven who's nothing but a chicken Schmidt and any kid 10. Let's see, Hunter Rest Thompson. Actually, he's at Hooray's in the rail, not publics. Well, how did that ever get on there, publics? What was that mean? Next he's going to be doing it from Walgreens. I don't get it. I don't get it. I got a lot of drugs in Walgreens. What? I got a lot of this that Walgreens. And Hooray's in where? The rail. The rail. Well, that's pretty. I'm just about the same thing as publics, right? Right. Oh, man. Hunter Rest Thompson. This is this thing I'm supposed to see that is correct. That's very short. He wrote, who wrote, being in Las Vegas where the Buffalo Romino, who is. I know Hunter Rest Thompson. Jesus Christ, Almighty, man. Let's start here. Yeah, it is. In drag. We've become a Nazi monster in the eyes of the whole world. A nation of boys and bastards who'd rather kill and look peacefully. We're not just Horace for power and oil, but killer Horace would hate and fear in our hearts. We are humans, scum, and that's how his people judge us. No redeeming social value just Horace, get out of our way or we'll kill you. Who does vote for these dishonest chimitids? Hooray's can be happy and proud of having all this innocent blood on our hands. Who are these swine? These flag-suffing, sucking half-wits, who get fleeced and fooled by stupid little rich kids like George Bush. They're the same ones who wanted to have Muhammad Ali like that for refusing to kill Gooks. They speak for all that is cool and stupid and vicious in the American character. They're the racist and hate mongers among us. They're the Ku Klux clan. I peed on the throw to these Nazis. He didn't say pee, but you know what you say? I'm a tool to worry about what they like or do not. F them, since how do I stop you? Which we say? Oh, Raman! Thank you for practicing that John. Hey, to what he pulls punches and misses words like that. Yeah. Tell us what you really think. Excellent John. Don't forget that QA advanced readify the sap noodle Beat the Hest station. No connection with Rudolph Hest. Located at 198 evening with West 27th Avenue, this has been a wheel for prizes and register for a middle-life press writer for a day sweep face whatever that is. And from 4 to 6 this afternoon QA will be at the second annual sap photo RV road show going out of bass, pull out a little off on any five and grip and road. Stop by there to win some luck prizes or not as a case may be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. I'm not reading any more stuff today. Just, well, I might. The Antoniars of Busy is column will less than a mercengette say now. It's pretty good. Short. Stop the rear lengthy and ponderous like that. Which I wish you to stop me from reading. I like that. I don't know what you've got an article that's that long. Then, you know, I accelerate a try to read as fast during and I start bubbling and fumbling like that. Ponderous means that I'm about it. Then, the beat says I've passed you the day after about how this lesson shows the world of democracy works and at least there's a definitive outcome like it or not. I was fishing for the response you gave in order to illustrate the fact that you gained order. It will illustrate the person who actually made those ignorant remarks. He heard your commentary, but will never get it. I also said it look forward to four more years of humor. Do you know what I basically said the same thing last night, you write there's nothing funny about it. There is nothing funny about it. These idiots who think, ah, I'm not ending that. Like we're talking about a ball game or something. I'm not a ball he would tell about people's lives and the social security thing in the 5.2 trillion dollar deficit's gonna create. Forget about the fact that a lot of these young people are going to lose their life It's a market takes a crap like it did during the tech bubble and it very well cooked because it does very often And you know you can't time those things how it's convenient for you with a same well, you know the market Never gone a 20 year cycle, but yeah, but what about if they happen to be ready to retire at a time when we have like a you know You know like a crap in the markets. You don't look at the bright side negative nilly Yeah, right fake it's can't get married That's yeah, and I'm gonna see it again. I want to apologize to a mayorica right now You know I had no partner. I want to apologize because that thing had no business being an issue You know you you fags out there that just can't take a little bit slower Okay, just take a little bit of time and stop like screw it all for it That was the one thing they needed that was the one issue is just like when curtain first game in office He's gonna have days in the military well, you know, he was trying to keep his campaign promise But he was politically not even they nailed him to the cross with that They just about finished him off with that and then when that didn't do the job then we got Monica with the blue dress But you've got to take it slow. I understand people are impatient. They don't want to wait for equal rights But the fact that the matter is it's America you're not ready for equality You've got a country that's loaded with bigoted religious nuts W2A and hello Thank you Okay, good. Mommy said happy birthday. Yeah, so be the QA and hello Yeah, yes, man. Oh my goodness. I just want to say oh my god I think that happy birthday. Thanks. I Just wanted to say my mom we're from Persia Iran and my mom whatever you say it's gospel Is there any ways is the gospel? That's right because 50 bucks to listen for now I'm gonna start making some money off it You wonder, but I hope you come back to Miami No, it is Is it anyway to get an Sign autograph for picture view. I went on your website now. No Okay, so I don't do that no more ice to do that and then I go tired of people looking at my every face I know You're wonderful. Thank you so much I wish we'd our ever-rave weekend You too, bye. Say hi to my I will All right me too. I'm a Let's see what religion are you as our survey now? That's not one of those controversial poll questions I'd like who you been a vote for to the election gets stolen You know who's got the hottest pair of boobs? Not like that 33 just a survey and our survey says I Gnostic 93 catholic 77 atheist 76 and after that it's a long way down to reform Jew What do you think about that? Funny nine conservative Jew 16 you're about 3rd Catholic post-cracker Catholic 70 seven of those are your people is our Catholic they have Spanish man. We're loaded with them We got the humans up the old nose shit Now the old shoe Conservative used 16 Presbyterian nine Lutheran seven quaker five so the map of quaker five A holy moly amphilimic quaker roast now where should this one's a quaker look what he did something back this for a wickens floor all right, which Candidate today vote for Methodist two Christian scientists appear it fiscal bulls two if it so we said it I guess that's right just companion whatever whatever Sick we got one sick call them after column emergency right now Muslim one scienceology one. Ooh must be a class of queen 7th day of Venice one shinto Buddhist Mormon in Orthodox do we got the big oh Many Mormons left. Oh, you chase them all the way George. I don't know about that. I kept telling you stop chasing a Mormons away I'm nice to the Mormons. I know you're in that and by the way I'm like crap and you keep talking about them special underwear with the holes in it Well, they do have a foreign to work. What kind of crap is that they're called temple garments? Oh Please it's all the headbrew and the schmuckers and I'm flying carpets and the rosary beads and And oh Jesus God almighty, what are you Grace this is the year 2004? We still got people poshking around with nonsense from the stone age the flanner is crowd Yeah, at least in the sacrifice and chickens anymore. That's what you think you have a little heady lady Crazy for us You are so you need to get out of the house a little bit more hopefully a lot of protection WQAM hello QAM Yes, sir After working yourself up into a fancy and uh promoting the Michael more movies. Yeah Surgeon right that push point huh. Yeah. I was just possible. It serves me right now I didn't I see what I said man. I didn't I Let's send your ass over there to Iraq, okay? Let's send your ugly pimple and nasty smelly ass over there And then after we finish we'll have to send the rest of you to how do you like that and bring it back in a body's sake WQAM home George Yo, you don't buddy all the way to get Neil all the way in 75 with four miles of picking my fun on on alligator Ellen Wow, what all could these leaves you're about that? Not pretty clear to do I can't believe it though. I explain something I bet you had to Bob and one of his neighbors went out and teet on the tower Bob Bob and move Maybe maybe Neil I bet okay here's your birthday Oh, yes, well happy birthday. Well, thank you so much. Are you getting older or why is there? Oh real little 62 man ancient seniors You know no bullshit. I'm no ball. You're really 52. Yes. I am 62 like I just said two men we had a dump a he said bullshit I'm ashamed. Yeah, what's the busiest here that either no. Oh, that choice man You should have seen the scene in there this morning because apparently there was a long steady stream of fart sound effects on the house Oh, yeah, they didn't have enough buttons Well, good for you. How are you? I hope how we just played out you I got a great idea. I hope that's during plays Spart sounds in a background where you tear show from now Wouldn't that be great what they're gonna do then? Huh Can you even begin to imagine what would be going on in that studio? I got a pretty good idea. Holy cow you talk about Here's a fact from Peter chronic boardoff. We're just won't go away happy 60 second birthday Peter chronic vision the best in long time since W. I and Z and the wonder bug days. Can I have a wonder bug deal? I have a wonder mug Thank you. Hope you're in yours, etc. And so on. Peace Yeah, most of those people from back at the I and Z is either days. They're probably long gone now. You know, I'm like it all piezons Or I'll move down would like they're all this in the FM if they're listening to serious and extended like move that or another Yeah, right? That's okay, but we always got pizza chronic boardoff and we also got chronic Rick that won't stop it was super faxed You know How far to that website now when register? Okay, you got a register because they can be able to vote for God or Alaw or a Bunda or Joseph Smith or Mahamed or one of those other fantasy characters, okay? I've actually there was a guy that owns those of Smith Right That's the loopy. That's documented Right there was a Joseph Smith in fact he had those tablets in Palmaire in the York and it kept saying to him call us in the morning He just didn't know what to call him and they said called them Mormon a Lich was Throw it up on a kind of he was an abrid militant pain in the ass Yeah, and he had that very strange magical underwear too. I'll bet Wow Which wouldn't have been so bad except that he didn't change it say it has a strange scent many city was sent from heaven Oh, yeah, everybody sent from heaven. It was Jesus. No. It was Moses. No, it was Joseph Smith No, it was the Donnie and Marie. No, it was Buddha. No, it was this one. It was that one it was a Jesus Jesus. It wears me out You talk about fighting the establishment man trying to fight against people been brainwashed since they rolled enough to open up their eyes I mean you didn't it's a hopeless case That's what we need we need lunch organic the programming Operation in the world. That's what we need Everybody wakes up tomorrow no religion. Bye bye close them all now Turn all those buildings into homeless shelters take care of people need some help So I've summer theater they got all those doing this and good for them take some people in feet and close them I clean them up educate them Give them a worthwhile life instead of all this crap like that crystal caffeine will out there in California or that curl ridge with a Disciple halfway to the sky there whenever an anti-symicinity man Just comment down. We'll go. Okay, a little bit too worked up now. Come down I'm talking to you. Okay, love 13 at 5 60 W Q A M now's the time to save like never before It Armstrong for the homestay because they got a clear out all remaining will force to make room for the 2005 and you're gonna save like never before an All remaining will force us back ready for immediate if not sooner delivery All the olfives are ready are they ready to roll out plus for a limited time future self zero percent financing on any of the following Explorers escapes focuses versus and must things certain restrictions apply the last that Armstrong for the homestay our jam like crazy With moral fires arriving every day. They're slicing prices like crazy right now. You're gonna save a ton Armstrong for the homestead offers more vanity because when you're by or for there You'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program So if you're looking for a new car, but them stalling around putting it off wait no longer because they've reached in the staff at Armstrong For the making you an offie better be crazy to refuse a guarantee of the best price and don't forget Armstrong for the home to this locally Owned an operated it'll treat you great just like family. You look at better deal on south Florida on a fort nowhere No bait and swish no phone ideals just unbeatable prices at Armstrong for the homestead of 307 25 South, 60 highway just 20 minutes south of the 86 check them out of the web if you like it Armstrong cars calm and then drive a few minutes and save thousands of them at new fort only at Armstrong for the home To You keep And it's like a tough man, no one cares how he's done his job Jesus is doing all right, oh yeah Jesus is doing all right, Jesus is doing all right Jesus is doing all right, Jesus is doing all right Jesus is doing all right, Jesus is doing all right Jesus is doing all right, Jesus is doing all right Jesus is doing all right, Jesus is doing all right God, Jesus is suffering, performance, praise and praise He pepperces the spirit, Jesus is God, hebarys, Jesus is healing all right Jesus is mismo He is delivering your strength was worth the effort. I've downloaded that thing and I've downloaded it. And then you're E-card number and it's like, it's got like, even some indigenous on there. I've got an under-freaking number, I never had to do that. Oh yeah. Holy moly, what it was cute is a promise to a resort rights item. Don't play this while I'm my kizoba. You know what I can't do? I said, because the crime is farting. Well, I'm not sure that we can't play frog farts. That's a good point because, yeah. Let's check what joy so we can do. So by the early in frog farts on Monday, it's like a frog farts underwater, it sounds like this. Yeah. And does anybody hear it? Well, that's like a version of Farts in the shower. Which is one of the greatest experiences of Farts. WQM, hello. Hey, happy birthday. Thank you. Congratulations. No, look back as I tell. It was looking at. Yeah, I'm right. I'm not easy for you to say. Now, look, let me tell you something. I worked as a poll worker on Tuesday, okay? And, you know, it was really frustrating because, you know, you're not just the same thing and you don't, but with obvious, the other side was there for one reason. And one reason only that was to try to suppress the vote. And Jim and I, right. Well, not necessarily that, but, you know, you can be coercive and you can certainly make it very difficult make people feel like, how if I get maybe that as an invitation. Sure. It's just frustrating because my friends, maybe educated people. I mean, we all know about the Yahoo's, but we know my friends were educated people who go for this guy. They're almost that resistant. Yeah. You can't do it. Don't worry. I'm getting on the side. Exactly. There are factors in it. And you know what? I'm going to just tell you and your friends who are out there and other people listening. It's pointless. Forget about arguing. Forget about debating because this is what they get off on. They get off on fighting. And if you continue to fight with them, they continue to dig in even harder. You'll never reach them. Yeah, you're right. You're always using the other thing. They're the wrong. Yeah, it is. It's impossible. It's like, kind of, are you about things. You're just never going to do it. Yeah. I mean, you used to do that when you did the term. Well, there's a little bit of a little bit of a little thing. Well, there's no sense there's no feeling. But, well, yeah, I mean, that you're essentially trying to argue about belief that you're never going to discover negative. So you're your waste and you're breathy. The only thing that's going to change is if you convince more people who have yet to be infected if one uses that kind of term. You know, when that you are, essentially trying to provide some kind of idea that's going to help them better education, better job, whatever. It's a matter. Yeah. And forget about trying to preach the lunatic. They're gone. Like those portrait episodes. You know, once they've been in my mouth, they're done for. So I can evasive the body stenchers. Yeah. But you know what? I guess you've learned all of this. I mean, you got to kind of people on the board, but we need to say this. John Kerry deserves to help a lot of the problem of blame for what happened. You know, he's going to loudly campaign. Right. Right. Essentially, the end of the Democratic Convention really all the way up until the first day. And any picture real weak system for his running mate. Well, after the convention, they realized that he was adding absolutely nothing. You know what? He could have overcome that. If he had a message, and if he had a door, I'd deal with it and round the stuff with the bunch of losers. Right. And then the box shrunk. We never won the elections. Just like Madison was president. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he's going to pull that off. But he's as much as he sat around and talked about. Be it now for how long? Yeah. He got stuck there. He got stuck there. That may take the game with him for about two months. Well, you know what? I wanted. I'll leave you with this. Maybe one set of twirl position that guy. He's been in the center for 20 years. I mean, one leadership position that he had. And tell me those guys that know something about it. Black leadership abilities. Don't forget, Dean will be great in 2008. Yeah. Right. Hey, happy birthday. And that's good luck to all of us. Thanks, Belly. Hang in there. Sounds so depressing. Come on. Howard Dean, the dean will be great in 2008. What are you saying? He would have won the election. Here in TV to one by 20 points. We're going to shout here. We're going to see. We're going to see. We're going to have it. I'm going to go. And we're going to call for you. And check this. And we're going to shout for you. Oh. And we're going to watch it. Oh. And we're going to watch it. And you see. And they're going to watch it. And we're going to watch it. Oh. Twenty-two past one on a beautiful Friday. The sun is shining here. That's too toasty. So a little on a nippy side. How's it to buy you? Oh, it's nice this morning. Actually, really cool. It's eight. And it's a pretty great. It's like 40, 40, 647. By the way, Renee, if you don't stop trying to facts this 10-page facts, I'm going to scream. But it's going to be a lot of them. Something in 52 days, pretty good. Because it's been dripping in the kind of like cloudy and I guess the election is something to do with it. And it's going to be a kind of a gross feeling. Anyway, we need it. It's my birthday. And you think that we'd have a Mormon and Orthodox Jew. Those are the only two categories out of 112 of people who registered on our poll on our survey. No Mormons and no Orthodox Jews. What is with you people? Would you for a businessman? They're busy writing their motorcycles the Mormons. And what's your Orthodox Jews excuse? Sound the busy lean to fill in? I guess. Maybe the busy making extra babies like the Catholic. I don't want to listen to anti-semitals like you. That was good. You know something fine. Taxi-police, okay? Taxi-police and how about meeting nice, dolly, beany for you for your kids. So you're going to be immersed in life that everybody else. You're making a photo of our religion. Yes. Why are you catching on? Good. I'm glad that there's somebody in this country that's got the balls to come on here and do it. In fact, that's the problem with the mainstream media. They're scared, crapless of your religion. Have your fairy tales. Because it's bad for their business. Oh, you can't not religiously, are you right? Why don't you hold on? Can't not get anything else. But not religion, baby, because it's just there. You don't talk about these things. That's the only hope you've got. Start breaking down Nemoals of Supercision, Hocus Pocus. That's where the focus ought to be. Let's have a focus group. WQAM, hello. God, yeah. Yes, sir. The fact that it's the bad calling from Hologu, the hurry is the bad. And how about Lulu? Yeah, you're sounding beautiful on the internet. No crackling, no popping. I'll be doing no snapping either. No, none of it left. When you guys are going to have a talk about their anyway? Oh, yeah, we've got. And you know, the existing one is a good. One is about three most liberal states in the country. There's a hundred odd tier. We have no gambling whatsoever. You don't need any gambling. You've got to, what, what, then much more, what should you possibly need? I mean, when you live here, who says, but I would be good for it. The revenue was all the, the tourist, they go in and out of here. Yeah, that's true, but may you need anything else you got to, I'm, unless something is changed because last time I was there, which is a few years ago, was why can't he, was so crowded? You couldn't even breathe there, was just jammed. Well, the good news about that is that there is no more room for any more people. So we're about plateau to care. What you're lucky, man, just wouldn't have to keep them out. You're lucky, Brad. It's beautiful with me back, and nice to hear you all in the internet. Okay, I'll hop, Brad. Oh, I got it. Say good bye, okay. Since Jamie was there, we put that big lay around his neck and do many good. No, no, no, no, they got their ass kicked and a lie. Not that a full load of people out there and a lie, man. That's one of the reasons they go there is because they're, out there in the middle of the Pacific, they're a zillion miles from anywhere, and they don't have to be like, steal the, yeah. They already went through their thing and Pearl Harbor, man. They already made their sacrifice and they just want to be left alone and enjoy that warm position. It was nice trade winds, man. You've never been there either. No, no, it's on the way. You've never been any place good. Well, my turn is good. It's not a good, yeah, good for nothing. It's good, darling. It's not a good, but anyway, good. Well, you were in New York, right? What's our lay? Boston? Yeah, what do you mean our lay? What's good about our lay? Uh, it's not here. Ooh, I don't know. Speak Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese. At least you pick it up on me anyway. If you're right at home, don't you? Yeah, they speak Mexican over there. And Broward. One 26 at five, 60, like I said, you pick it up on me. Hey, I want to send you right now. Pomp and a park is doing it. That's right. In fact, congratulations to all the people at Pomp and a one quarter in Gulf Stream, and Miami Highlight and Ding Highlight and Dog Tracks, Flagler and Hollywood, right? Right. Because if you think gangling actually is great right now, wait till they get the slots in there to get the person's way up and it's going to be a fabulous thing. Bring in all that money in for education. Anyway, that's a separate thing. It's nothing to do with this file. It's just my own editorial comment. Audio horse racing fans and poker players, Pomp and a park racing and poker is all gambling. Actually, you could want. Located just a half mile from both I and 95 of the turn. Pipe. Pomp and a park is easy to get to invest. Of all, Pomp and a park offers you free admission in three general parking every day. What's not to like? Live harness racing in the poker room is open three nights a week now. We Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and tomorrow every Saturday. Poker starts a new goes on all midnight. Live racing gets underway every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at 7.25 pm. And every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, our poker room feature a tournament action with special Texas hold them and 7 cards start tournaments starting at noon. It'll miss on dollar nights once this draft year sold a half thousand more just a buck of peace starting at 6 pm every Wednesday at the track. Pomp and a park is also open for simultaneous the air every day, 7 days and nights a week for the best in harness racing, thorough evading a high line action from our crossroads America, for you to watch in plunger guts on. Just important of all, mark this down on your wrist. There are only about 45,000 minutes left until the first free spaghetti dinner night on Monday, December 6th, market down. Pomp and a park located at a block side of the landing full of our apartment power line road for that current racing schedule called 9.54, 9.72 2000 or check them on our web at Pomp and a park.com. Don't forget live racing and poker Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, first post-time 7.25 of the Pomp and a park. intense Ð½Ð¸Ð·ers for a week, but with the room there will be an old rezoning Sunday, with more of our newest 10 lesser I'm a man of taking the wheels and fry my net art dream Artability, pit or rebuilds for the life I had to paint Haven't you agree with? Somehow don't seem right Better ask your fellow enforcement and you'll live by Or if he holds my down, there's no basketball there all stride Let's skirt the place now and ensure it's gentle and shorting Before we move our ass, take that camera, take that camera I like that fat dog I like that fat dog I like that fat dog I like that dog I'm tired of it here I think it's time for me I think it's time for me I think it's time for me Oh we got a moment for a ride Artistic, right? Artistic, right? I think it's time for me There's everybody wants us to be one more I think everybody should have a cute moment like with nice white shirt and black tie To take home? Well, follow their magic underwear, maybe clean it for him? That's what I want to wear Or if it actually has none, that's the only group on a 457 Wickets to your tie and far and alone Maybe they're busy trimming their beards right now, huh? Or maybe they're planning a pilgrimage to a holly land Who the hell knows what they're doing Or maybe they're knitting a nice beanie for junior 560 pound, 560 and the Verizon singular wireless lines What a wonderful world this could be Like Sam Crook said Any mark or a couple two I think said the same thing Without all these bubble micees WQA and hello Yes sir I don't know about it All right, paly Listen, what everybody's forgetting Because the George Bush has got a plan Yeah He has to get a rid of abortion How often are you going to get on all those bodies for this hundred year warranty Got a fit Okay, you're finally right there, down? I did Okay WQA and hello Hello Yes sir Yep Yeah One time democrat Just getting seems like a little frustrated That's true, that's true A little frustrated What's the idea of us? We're going to get the short end of the stick What? Why? Why? Why are we losing? Because you're not enough of you getting out there and doing a baby For every one of those, the right wing guy and man You've got to have two of you just to make sure that they count on once That's why Because they're mobilizing and fantasizing and dragging them out And slump it and enthacen them down the road Did you see any of that footage of the last couple hours when they had the polling places to open? Yes And they showed them showing these people They called you got to hand it to a man And then they said I mentioned this name that they Richard Vigory They dragged him out of the mothballs From way back in the early days of the moral majority in the Christian coalition All the other crap He was the first rocket scientist he had him and Paul Warritt To start with all these big mailing lists and we're going to I'll say it again back in the mid 70s These people were considered a lunatic fringe and they were and they still are People laughed at them like that but you keep complaining about your time So they were right They laughed at them We knew they were a little bit dangerous But they were only let me thought a few of them And now they grow like some kind of a like a disease Like somebody's growing in a p3 day somewhere They're multiplying like crazy Four minn of these lunatics came out there on Tuesday because they got on a phone They've got a reddish luck that they're on their Rung like crazy and I run their good thing And 20 seconds to get there if you're online you got your vote count They got them all out and arrested the people right So we'll get all sitting back patting their marbles That's why WQM hello Hello Josh Yeah We call from You feel the video Do you feel be slow Yeah Yeah Thank you Just also taking a minute for And I want you to shout some of the friends Okay good 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on me Verizon singular wireless line Too much of a shout out to was going to move over that was She went and out over to window and shouted out WQM hello QM Meow Yes sir Hey the sister the true Christian here I'll write God bless you my child I have a message for all the Republican not to go out there Yes This is message one of many come out no not kill Right And that should be the prime message in Christianity So call me tomorrow minority Okay, I'm going to like you know, forget moral values is worth that now more ideas Oh yeah Killer innocent people when a bomb agrande that'll teach him we're going to make him an offer to camera views Anyway, see nothing yet in fact Coffee and ingest is an urgent letter Saying hey guess what if you start if you go ahead with this balloon attack What is all of yourself you're going to screw up that election January is never going to happen The insurgents are going to like multiply like like weeds And it's going to be a nightmare But now that this guy's got this all this political capital we talked about Carbara I read that article twice I read it again on election day and I read the line the week before We talked about his daddy had all that political capital he just wasted it And even in his little phony colony press conference yesterday Which you will see another one for six months at least He's got all this political capital he intends to use it So in other words basically what he's saying he's going to go ahead whenever he wants it. It's his agenda now. Plus the fact He's got this initial help in Congress thanks to the fact that all these guy up here on Tuesday That's why they won four more Senate seats. That's why they got this triangle hold on both houses of Congress And that's why when William Rankwiss quotes pretty soon and everybody else they're going to put another one to these right wing Justice is on there and then you can bet your bottom dollar's going to happen This crap about no witness test my ass man the fetus augurs the flat earth society Then the ones that are taking over your country. I don't want to get all whipped up to a phrase you know, but that's what's happened And do we have an Orthodox do you ever what? We got an Orthodox do oh I don't know where no way of verifying it. It's a rich buff Yeah We'll have to send the sisters police out there just to make double sure. Okay. Yeah, we're going to take yeah, we're going to measure we take to see how long they are 483 votes and I hope that somebody who's really circumspect Joven show to keep him on a break the battle for Saudi Arabia the commissioner on Sunday on CNN eight o'clock Mm-hmm. They're showing it. Of course like I said the other day the week after the elections over that Sunday About the barbarians over there are good personal friends band our ocean. I grabbed the world family Anyway Michael more right so the reason I played mighty python it says okay, it really sucks But before you go and can't you all and let's in the words of mighty python always look on the bright side of life There is some good news from two days election here are 17 reasons not to slip your wrists One it is against the law for George W. Bush to run for president again Two bushes victory was the narrowest win for a sitting president since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 Three the only age group in which the majority voted for Kerry was young adults carry 54 bush 44 Proving once again that your parents are always wrong and you should never listen to them For inspired of bushes when the majority of Americans still think the country said in the wrong direction 56% think the war wasn't worth fighting 51% and don't approve of the job George W Bush is doing 52% Note to foreigners don't try to figure this one out. It's an American thing like poptarts Five the Republicans will not have a fellow bus to pursue 60 seat majority in the Senate if the Democrats do their job Bush won't be able to attack the Supreme Court with right wing ideologues did I say if the Democrats do their job Maybe better describe this one Six Michigan voted for Kerry so did the entire northeast the birthplace of our democracy so did six of the eight great life states and the whole West Coast Plus or why okay, that's a start with that most of the fresh water all abroad way and not say hellens We can dehydrate them or bury them in lava and no more showtunes Seven once again, we're reminded that the buck eye is not and not just any old nut a poisonous nut a great nation was spelled by a poisonous nut A Ohio state paid dearly this Saturday when it faces mecegan A 88% of Bush's support came from white voters in 50 years America will no longer have a wide majority Hey 50 years in size and such a long time if your 10 years old and reading Mr. Gordon years will be truly golden and you'll be well cared for in your old age Nine gays thanks to the ballot measures passed on two day cannot get married in 11 states Thank God just think of all those wedding gifts we won't have to buy now Ten five more African Americans were elected as members of Congress including the return of Cynthia McKinney of Georgia It's always good to have more blacks in there fighting for us and doing the job our candidates can't 11 the CEO of course was defeated for the Senate and Colorado drink up 12 admit it we like to burst wins and we don't want them to go away 13 at the state legislative level Democrats picked up an out of at least three chambers and two days elections of the 98 partisan controlled state legislative chambers Democrats wanted a 2004 elections in control of 44 chambers Republican controlled 53 chambers and one was tied after two data Democrats not control 47 Republicans 49 one chambers tied on one chamber Montana still on the side of the Montana House 14 horses now a lame duck president you'll have no greater moment than the one he's having this week It's all downhill for him from here on out and more significantly. He's not just gonna want to do all the hard work that will be expected of him It'll be like everyone's last man last month and 12th grade you've already made it so it's party time Perhaps you'll treat the next four years like a permanent Friday spending even more time at the ranch or in Kenny Bunkport And my shouldn't he's already approved his point of ending his father and kick our ass 15 should burst decided to show up to work and take this country down a very dark road It's also just as likely that either is following two scenarios will happen A now that he doesn't ever have to pander to the Christian conservatives again to get elected someone may wish for in a zero that he should spend these last four years building a legacy So that history will render a kind of her to done him and thus will not push for two aggressive or right wing agenda Or B will become so cocky and arrogant and thus reckless They'll commit a blood or a such major proportion that even his own power party will have to remove him from office 16 there are nearly 300 million Americans 200 million of them voting age We lost by only three and a half million that's not a landslide it means we're almost there imagine losing by 20 million If he had 58 yards to go before he reached the goal line and you barrel 55 yards down 55 of those yards We'll just stop on the three-yard line pick up the ball and go home crying Especially when he gets to start the next series of downs on the three-yard line of course not buck up have hope more sports analogies are coming 17 finally and most importantly over 55 million Americans voted for the candidate dubbed the number one liberal in a Senate That's more than the total number of voters voted for either Reagan Bush one Clinton or Gore again more people voted for carried and for Reagan If the media are looking for a trend it should be this that so many Americans were for the first time since Kennedy going to vote for an out and out liberal The country always has been filled with evangelicals. That's not news What is news is that so many people have shifted toward a Massachusetts liberal in fact that's big news Which means don't expect a mainstream media the ones who brought you the Iraq war whoever report the real truth about November Second 2004 in fact it's better that they don't we need the element of surprise in 2008 Feeding better. I hope so as my friend and what will be yesterday I remain in grandfather used to say to me remember warnings is such a wonderful country. It doesn't even need a president But it needs us rest up. I'll write you again tomorrow. This is Michael Mark All right, good stuff thanks to the call that reminded me to look that up and I did and there it is 567.560 pound 560 and he provides in seven in a while as lines WQA and hello Hi, this is my immediate for Miami for it. Yes, man I might do you tell you something. I'm blowing you the only Cuba and then I'm crying the whole wider Warner here All right, and I'm just telling you I think this is a last of all the them of us that you have got their own hands in Creating an order all media for everybody listen to the other side of the story and the others in this again money Into getting those so far and machine with their resistance on everybody from the can of high kindness Like they do with computers But without they hacked it out right. Yeah, that's right So I just thank you for being there so everybody listen to the other side of the story Okay, so we're hanging there. Bye bye What she's saying five six seven. Oh fine, she did a good job She was saying her things. She's a Cuban Democrat. She's the one that was a great interest at color WQA and hello Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you. We should be the best sir. Thank you for everything. You know after listening to you all day I've been thinking of how they used the how they used the word libel at the bad word towards anybody who's just a free finger easy core You start calling people worshipers as The bad word in turn to those I like the slight losers. I think is it as a good term flatterous crowd It is and the weapons of map the stretchers that we would never able to find actually I rack They're all here everybody's got Luzzi's now. Remember That's right, I forget about looking from an Iraq man around every street corner I'm Have a great one. Thank you very much as they say an a flag duck The fuck a bigger part Let's see now what we got on this boy got agnostic so Catholic safety is Jews the old varieties and shapes and sizes with big noses 538 the people are just here. We got one Mormon all the goodness. We got a pair of Orthodox Jews Oh You Were you brunch back in Who With you Dreams During Master there double why What a deal doesn't know wheels and makes I like some Dine it's not weech or I We're all alone in the house And back I think we should be missing To until back in our mouth All us red next sirloving sand For we could say it's just a new Don't let's stay safe and lonely Because all us red next practice As the girl made my new life She's my name I just got me a farm with horses She gains thousand days A four by four neck eye of doors With tires and a QDM base And clear window it has a gun rat As where I came from And back I went back And back I went back And my neck is right for you And my sirloving sand All us red next sirloving sand For we could say it's just a new Don't let's stay safe and lonely Because all us red next practice in sand And back I think we need a desire To guarantee this rush And all us red next practice in sand We can wasted air Considan minutos With tires and manuals They have parts Behind the circuit The Excuse us The interim president of Afghanistan, we can go for a job from the American. To be still short-field and who was afraid of, And George Bush thinks that he is all men. How this goes like, he has been a woman who does not know. He's on it, he has been Superman, he tells you he was stubborn and unkind. I've reached a valley bed. Bye bye! Be afraid. Be very afraid. You understand to be stop-out and start. I'm everywhere, man. Do do do do do do.