I'm dying over here! She could be more Hollywood series coming back. She's way resilient now! Maybe? Looks like the night's going to rot. Okay? Now, some of the body will fall. That's not for the boyship body down. And I suppose otherwise not that. I'll do that. I'll take care of that. So Emily Lloyd is behind the beat of Curtin today. We don't want to leave you out. It's okay. It's not since they can have a musical break. You're usual spectacular standards, but it's okay. No, give us a break, Neil. Give us a break. I'm thinking at this point. Oh, let's see. You didn't discuss the trends that came out to ratings. I'd rather not talk about it. We're quite less similar to the ones in that. Still have a one in mid-day's and men. Pretty safe margin here. Looks like to me. Down a little bit in the morning, down a little bit in the afternoon. But we're okay. But now, of course, we got that 790 thing coming at the ticket starting on Wednesday. Right. Then they will fear them. We're going to take a deep inside the domes when I'm taking them. Huh? They're sports segments. And they got Craig Minner. Craig Minner. That's what my foot said this morning. Craig Minner Vini is going to be on. Rhymes with Wemi is what also the difference in the good about. He's going to be doing the days. Aren't you, Joe? Oh, overwhelmed. Craig, a little Craig Minner Vini comes up to your kneecap. He's about two feet tall. He's just working on. That's what I'm asking. I said. And he does some crap on a Panther game, which I don't know. Could there be any season this year? Bad news, boys and girls do not send the Panthers any money because they're going to be no season. I probably shouldn't say that, but don't send them any money. Very nice. And the money is I get it back from this place. By the way, Clarence, I think there's a couple of checks out standing. I do. I could be a lot of standing check. I'll send you. I'll send you. I'll send you. Oh, crap. Oh, please send us your money because we're sure that we're going to know you're not. They're going to be any season. So we can't give them a Miguel on my hockey tickets. He's already got a Lamarlin tickets. And now they might actually be worth something that they're only four games out of the wildcard. Now that the Cubs are folding like an accordion, but they really suck. The Cubs, Harry, was right. The Cubs do suck. I watched some of that game yesterday, which shows you how boring it is here. One of the things we've got to do this week, I'm going to go over to the hard rock. I saw it. I mean, I see it all the time when I'm here. Off the turnpike there. It looks pretty impressive, the hotel. A. What? Oh, you can't pull the arms. I don't pull the arms anyway. I can't pull the lever. I've been in other words, what you're trying to say is the wheels don't spin. That's what you're trying to say. So we'll take the QM wheel over there. Yeah. What did you hear? I heard that. A little bit. And I'll see what that's really all about. Because none of you have been able to sufficiently explain to me how those machines work. I don't think people like go there understand how those machines work. Because you know those evil one-eyed bandits, we can't have that in Florida. Or the world will come to an end. Because that's gambling. Only guess who says gambling is evil. Ralph Nader, what a jackass man. I'm going to say the A were right now. He goes to Vegas. This old crow. This old nerd. And you people are going to go for Nader. You ought to be shot several times. Okay, at least in the kneecap. It's unbelievable. He goes to Vegas. He tells him that gambling is evil. And it's a grotesque. And all this other garbage. Well, look at that. There's a, what the hell was that? At the Republican things. And of course they say, all those tens of thousands of people are over a hundred thousand people. He's fully protesting in the streets in New York yesterday. Oh, I see. I see that we've got. I see him holding his fascist. A good thing. There's a press of Nazis that are running your country right now. Yeah, I was. I think Carrie's going to lose it. Wishes are going to win it. I think Carrie's going to lose it. What did I tell you? They didn't get a bounce after the convention because the Democrats that they went out. I was reading about it in Newsweek. The focus groups. They their hocus. The focus focus focus group and the focus groups said, oh, well, we don't want to see any negative attacks on a press. We want to see a positive campaign. What you're going to do. Bullcraft. You see this. This is not so swift veterans. Truth. Bullcraft. That's already having an impact. Again, so we're decorated. War here. Oh, by a draft Dodger and is a draft dodging vice president. So that's what the public wants. They want dirt. They want you to sling the mud. And then there's old limp unit Bob Dole on there the other day. Saying, well, that's a same old crap again about well, Kerry didn't have any serious wounds. He didn't see any blood on him and all this other crap. Max Clinton only came back to prepare an appetite. So like he's got some evidence and they still smear him the same way they're doing. And the public says, oh, yeah, that's a good point. Yeah, excellent point. Is a great person. We have Poland Florida now even as bad. And then Harold is morning shows Bush two points ahead now. Carrie folding like an accordion. Because we're running any campaign. We needed the Dean, myster man. That's who we needed. Somebody that was going to pull no punches roll up his sleeves and tell it like it is like Ross Perrow would say roll up his sleeves and do do all over Bush. That's what I'd like to see about 400 pounds of doo doo all over Bush. You're too lively. Yeah, a little bit too lively on us to honest for the establishment for the democratic establishment whose whose main specialty is choking. That's what they do right now. They're choking it. Twenty two past ten. Can we say that? I think I just did it. I think the turns coming back for a little bit more. You're a decent meal, Rogers. Come on, how are you? Come on, how are you? Five six six six eight eight. You've and me, the trove, the me, the globe. Okay, boo. Okay. Okay. Foriguous guys, thanks for watching. Whatti and me. Do k um, take my Player whoever might even be getting Hillary. Moreover there, every playing gun there. One two three three five. They're all killed so they're all killed. But they are stupid of getting the ruler on the right. I mean, the real people that were killed. No matter where they go, they're all killed. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Even though. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Leverse ain't cheap. That was the David Crossby story. Welcome to Sarajevo Sarajejo of O. Dead Girl masculine Mescolian Wasn't that the mufflandsy story when Saturday comes under the Hula Moon and a whole bunch of other stuff in French and look oh She was also in River runs through it. Yeah, that's right. Emily Lloyd right That was some blanchick. She's always the blonde But oh, yeah, no, remember. Yeah, that was pretty good movies if I say so myself all right I don't want to be picking up a little Brian or cross again to I put an idiot man You are such a quiz-ling the the channel for his stereo specialist is that it again? I'm watching yesterday and not not that he's a drawn that line back again How did he want to get anybody in a total fan with Francis? Is that our lean Francis that they named after her or Francis over here one of the other? I'm not really sure but a little Brian or cross just try to draw Francis right into your living room. Okay, right into your patio Santa Rea Sarajevo. He's trying to arrange the big blow Which from what I understand would be the first time? Oh look at this Florida Panthers information Look at this all before we get to the All of that and the poll. I'll give you the full first Because it's already up there. How panicky are you and the operative word being panic? About hurricane Francis because that's what they're trying to do is get your all in a panic and get you to they showed some Class holes at the story yesterday. Why can't say that? Yeah, so I showed some spas holes. Uh-huh Buy enough water already. Yeah, go there and buy up all the bottled water go to home depot a buy all the lumber all the two by foes And what else do they need on a lot of batteries and get your lenses to share and all this other crap can good Yeah, oh take all the can good get a lot of pizzas man. They're really peachy Yeah, get a whole bunch of canned peaches. I hope you have wild diarrhea from it I'm so tired of these you know I mean, it's fine. You know Charlie put a little switcherruder at the end because they can't predict their forehead Although Todd Rex has been he's got a friend in Washington, which number one surprises me he's got a friend period So I think he made it up and number two they work for like Who knows something with the hurricanes national weather that is a base coach and Yeah, something like that and are they say it's not coming here? Well, that's what's going on Yeah, that takes care of it Todd you little I like to step on him, you know How did you like why I would stand behind him with that machete? I bet he even owed him a little power when he was standing over He was the director like an hour and oh yeah Stand over a shoulder like he's babbling in your ears without gigantic machete And all the temptation was so great. Do you want to think as it's dull? Yeah, the points sharp. Yeah, that's true How panicky are you about hurricane Francis and here are your six choices? Brian Norcross has me in a total panic. What that's what he wants it is I'm stocking up now water batteries, etc. The shutters are up already. I should have had to think about it I'm going back out of the bed. I'll wait and see where it's really going. Oh, that makes a little bit too much sense done it To see whether you know, I think you'll still have plenty of time or what me worry. That was my vote Right with all the other crap we got going. I want you to worry about some stupid little hurricane So you're who clothes off the hand. Yeah, I'm a big deal. You got good insurance Doesn't like good insurance scam sounds good to me How many votes we got there on a poll so far? Let's see 60 vote How panicky are you about hurricane by the way George did a sensational job this summer? I think I should see that right now fantastic job It's actually a good job. I think I'm gonna put it back on right now Yeah, I want to overdo this you know it Like I said 71 votes wait and see where it's really going 43 what are you? That Brian you're not gonna get them all in a panic and I noticed like with you go to the weather channel Mm-hmm and they've got the the tracking path. You know, I think wide-track Oh, no, no, I'm talking about where they show where it might be going right and there is just like the a wide and Then you go to like what are the other channels and it's almost that wide and you go to channel for and Brian or cross and This is like this almost like little beam of light that's bringing it right into your living room You know, oh, you're such a jackass such a quiz-ling queen Brian How's the weather for you doing a channel of 7 she's done on trouble? Haven't seen it lately. Oh, I understand who's the other queen they got on channel 7 now 2 that's making the rounds I don't know the other girl. I'm not only going to drive in so much late at night anyway 71 votes. I'll wait and see where it's really going 43 What me were a 12? I'm stocking up now water batteries. It's set of her 7 you idiots Clean them out when it's down go to your nearby store and clean them out just just load up take a truck over there And just take everything they got not that you're gonna use it just so everybody else has to panic I'm going back under the bed five shut us up already two and Brian or cross has me in a total panic appear Brian's good little pears Here's a fact this morning I heard on the news this morning that W said this over the weekend our policy and I rack has been catastrophic We successful and I'm supposed to be surprised by that in fact That's probably if he did say that one of the more intelligent Perspicacious things he's ever said that moron that we simply that quiz-ling that quiz-ling lunatic in basil simple them Your president and he fit he fits in perfect for this country Man, he is the perfect president rednecks and the trailer crash and religious nuts all of these things a little overslapped there It says if MTV awards are in indication this fact says Kerry's gonna lose Florida Last not the obnoxious Carson daily had the Bush and Kerry daughters come out and promote voting Bush's daughters were on bias satellite because they were busy drinking obvious per Republican crowd I can't imagine why they be per Republican in Miami can you your people at the American Mickey Arson Arena subtenue The obvious per Republican crowd boot loudly when the Kerry daughters as defense hopefully voted for their dad Blame it on the Cubans I guess it says now was Cubans that's what I mean Shaper would say it was Cubans a good loudly. Yes when they carry your daughter said vote for our dad I see right on a bush my suppose Boots, Boots we like boots because the Kerry daughters are ugly. I could be and so is Barbara She's got Marty Feldman eyes is what I'm hearing Now here's for you pants or people off of their considering sending Alan co in your money right now. It's bad idea They're ain't gonna be no season It's just I received an email solicitation from the panties last week I replied that Alan co is lying cheap skate the payroll went from 50 million to 15 million and the new radio voice A voice is a joke oh the new radio voice is a joke Here's the response I got it's long, but there's some funny stuff in here. It says Thanks from the Panthers organization Oh from N moor at office depotcenter.com So N moor I guess Randy's got this in kind of a name like meal. I know what his name is thanks to the reply I got the idea. I'm sorry to hear you've been turned off to the panthers because the action's taken by the old executive staff We'd heard from former several former fans like yourself They're objectioned they're climbing the payroll team recently My question to you is what do you think will happen these teams that have huge payrolls after a salary cap put in place this year? First thing I have come to mind is teams like Toronto a Rangers Detroit and Dallas who spend the most are gonna have to cut some of their top players and the Panthers are in the best position to grab these guys Right The grab somebody's really hot guys like the Leafs have got like Yuri Roberts who just earned 45 a Joe Noun guy who just earned 73 and any to be called bell for who just earned 115 With his bad back it was operated on but it's still there and it goes down I'm not gonna read all this hockey stuff has known you care about hockey, but here it says as for our new radio play by play guy Jigs McDonald is irreplaceable says Randy Moor however we needed to bring in someone who's already been involved with a team and the community Why bringing the new face the new guy is recognizable? Oh, yeah, every time you hear a sea guilty. You say there's that little twerb guilty. He's very recognizable. I'm not just Unlistenable He's healthy So now he is recognizable It says this is the time when all Panther fans should be supporting the team as Of opening night last year the organization had brought in roughly $700,000 in new business as of last weekend the organization of the new executive staff has already brought in two and a half million dollars With seven weeks to go before the first puck drop Well, they must have been talking about those World Cup games because they're not gonna be any NHL puck drop because they're not gonna be in season They're not still lying to the fans are they the first puck drop my ass You people are gotta be shmitten me man the propaganda never stops from the office depot center Oh Nick Moor he must be running these boyfriend. I didn't know they tied the knot It says the unfortunate thing is that when the team starts winning with coach Martin at the helm Martan Those who have waited will be upset because they can't find the great seats they used to enjoy They use to enjoy not use to but used to it This is even a literate from Nick Moor they use to enjoy other than that I don't know what else is organization gonna show that turn about as or this is kind of sarcastic as letter from an organization go to think sound like it from a season ticket older alleged Kind of sarcastic like that. Yeah, and then you're gonna be sorry You're gonna go see if it was gonna be happen on what we start winning what we start winning what you exactly to be what century is that gonna be? That they're gonna put a competitive organization out there on the ice with what our jox grabs Mark and her jock plant who's dead, huh The hell are you people kid man? You can smell it all the way in here, you know it all the way from sunrise. I bet when I get home It's gonna stick like crazy from the office of depot center. Oh, the end the Everglades. Is that what it is? So I guess. Oh, I think it's a make my keen and gas is backing up on us. Oh, it's been gonna gas the amicostation out by me is all tore up No gas. It's go to a sunrise little bars all tore up their hiatus rose to all tore up to the season and the University drives all tore up I just mentioned that all the way up. I don't know what to order. Yeah, I'm not complaining you understand Okay, so there's the latest panther update. I see there's a tremendous response on the phone on that Huh, they just don't care a norm or kneeler and I drill a bunch of your name is Randy Motors boy for they don't care And The fact that you've been able to swipe 700 grand off for suckers out there and anticipation of the season That's not gonna happen. That's quite a tribute to in fact You could probably get a job here at QAM sales just give us the F and money Not gonna get any tickets. There isn't gonna be any season But just give us the F and money baby. It's the QAM F in way we like that sure So it's good that we had the great relationship with the panther organization Because thieves of a feather do it together five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line wait to see a phenomenal response here now From this audience on all of these things, huh? What things that I just got you talking about? Oh, that'll care about it And we're across the big blow is coming as so weekend And we'll think about this market man when you've looked at our cruel weather guys They're the experts on the big blow and then we got the a panther situation and all of this stuff going on We got papers Hank may or may not be coming back this week You got mow there hanging on the afternoon walking running around here strutton around is the word that I'm here And he's not walking around you sitting around. Hey, does come back. Yes, where does logo? Where does mow fit into the scheme of things? Bye bye. He's that answer your question Well, wow, who why would he like it and paid off of them then big fatty go? He's got who would want to get paid off another year and a half for sitting around and you know She's playing golf up there in Boker right and smoke it as big fat stokees are making the motion Exactly Sounds right up his alley Sally 137 votes on a hurricane Francis How panicky are you? I'll wait and see where it's really going 83 what me worry 21. I was my vote I'm not worried about it. In fact, if it looks like it's coming here. I'll just get on here. They hit us Yeah, oh, I have the offer to come I'm all over the place. I'm a gypsy I'm stocking up now water batteries at seven or 13. I'm going back under the bed 11 Brian or cross has made a total panic the weather for E5 and the shutters are up already four. I shut it think of it W Q AM hello Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm great. How are you doing? Excellent. Welcome to panic line I was working at MTV show last night and Second of it. Yeah, well, you're lucky because it was horrible wasn't well. I got paid so it's all good Goods an uncle Neil day They did through the carry girls. Yeah, I know that I wanted that before I got to sign I know which but the thing about it was I don't think they were booing them because you know It's John Kerry it was because they said something to the effect of you need to inform yourself about the vote And there was a lot of people in the crowd who had anti bush shirts on a lot of the rappers that anti bush stuff and a lot of them Including ludicrous little Groupies yeah, had shirts on the set-ask why yeah, doing is we're reference to war But so there was a lot of anti you know bush stuff. I was hoping that they would push the boo the bush girls Most of the time those knuckleheads I know it just was an Democratic convention again. They're being too easy on the bush people They're gonna want to blues him because they're trying to be too gentle and gentle Nobody likes a gentile, okay Yeah, well, I got something already ripping their ass Never in history they got a great new ad if you see me anymore. They got bush's voice in the background And I show the empty factory and he's talking about to go that's a great ad is fantastic Lost more jobs than a president in 75 years go ahead I would see now and yet, but it's another thing was Remember we had this thing a few months ago with this in all we're giving all these convicted felons there You know they're right back and everything else Well, I called about that because I got one time for a little the ex stuff, you know, and I got a felony so I can't vote well, I would I called it number the other day to ask how you can get your voting right back Oh, you need to send us a letter and sign it and then we'll give you we'll do it about 18 to 24 months to take to clear your rights back That's how long it takes now just a clear letter through the system to say you can vote now. Well, don't you it again? Good on you know was it crotch doing there at the I didn't follow's Nazi Oh my god That queen that's faggot and crotch is there How am I doing oh I don't want to answer the question 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the 18 and T they're gonna be a rough day today I think I said that we have some more you see any action on that phone or anything one day I see the phone like that in months month one thing we can't say man is lately at last knock on Duck on that for a mic a man knock on some for my people or Micah It's been really smoking but I know it's okay Well, but the bus we got now the kids are back in school in both counties or what yeah, they certainly are maybe the wait and for a level of cloth for the show to start No, that could be another thing I'm going to start on the show starts right I Go and Greg you in the silnane you would have just keep the text coming you ought to hear what Todd Rex said about him this morning Unrepeatable certainly on the air. How many QAM hello? Here we got a mobile here in Ilya. Yes, here's a mobile in Ilya. Hello I was it on okay I got two things to say before the VMA awards upon this and I'm still Wretched and really over that discussion display. I don't know who the hell was it that announced J-mo via queen of Miami, but so be it. I just see forgot about me And I you're right and another thing is I'm just anxious to see little Brian or cloth losing his voice and gagging and and you know I have a lot of experience on the last part of that 567. Oh 560 I just said it was kind of a gag reflex On 638 The soap up over and Verizon wireless line poor little Brian or across everybody picks on a weather furry But boy when we get the real big blow come to town then we need a little Brian okay You know what he says I want to do I give you the real thing. Yeah, I'll pass The hysteria the the hysteria specialist so there's Greg we with a very nice new suit. I might add he must Well, it's a little moldy. I can still smell the waffles and They did not do the cherry girls. They blew the bush girls at the VMA's last night They were the only one who says that. Yeah, when the way they introduced them it sounded like they wrote the people They were so I thought they were doing the boy. By the way, I got a great idea for you You know we can promote for stir we can promote if you missed what he said the first time turn the QM 20 seconds later and then you can hear it Yeah, well, well, no, you can't hear because we'll probably dump it. Oh, but that's okay All right, so we're kicking ass man. We're our own There's Greg Reed looking like he really knows what else going on and that's a real joke How panicky are you about hurricane Francis? By the way, I'll be here through the week unless Francis starts coming real close Then I might then not be here one morning. I might be doing a show by long distance again. You know, I mean I'm bones on the flavor right. I'm gonna get stuck here. I'll tell you that right now if there's any place I don't want to get stuck. This is it 98 people say I'll wait and see where it's going 98. There goes Greg nice to see it. He's he believe it. Oh You want to hear what Todd Rex said about you this morning Greg What me worry 25 He said you're an idiot and Anyway, I'm still I said that. I'm stocking up now water batteries, it said we're 22 I'm going back out of the bed 14 Brian or class has me in a total panic six the weather ferry on channel 4 cbs floor and the shutters are up already 4 out of 169 boat Now I could read the latest weather and vines re I we got I checked it out on the thing from nine o'clock this morning But there's really not much point in doing it no Because it's headed west at eight miles an hour right which is barely moving Well, no like Friday it'll be in the zone Well, they slower than it moves in that the better for us because it lets that there is at the worse for us No, that well it's more powerful, but no But it's losing a little steam right now. So we're gonna go if it moves slow like QM's program line Because we're gonna power but there's more predictability when it removes slower There is more predict maybe like hurricane Charlie. Yeah you get more time Yeah, I'm on that you weather guys. I said I'm realized that it's a tough job They got and you can't the tell more than you know and they did have like a full day in advance Right, it's in those mobile homes under all you trailer trash people out there if this fall no Sir, it's not a bad idea to be sticking around okay. It's nice to be close to home except when you're like in a real flimsy Mobile home tin foil yeah, tin foil a little piece of aluminum foil That's around you there with your little I'll make believe your appliances probably get one and down get that Out would be right as you did well the weather people did say it was gonna hit somebody somewhere Yeah, the weather they did say that if the night's headed Charlie was not coming here right I don't think Francis is coming here anyway, and that's that's not based on any scientific Yeah, that TV's it's based on my a table meetings. I read in the table Your apartment I interrupt him. Depuis Dylan drilling more glory holes in it this morning. He's not a lot of stress You know if you could see if you could see I walk in here this morning And sitting and kind of like dark over it, you know, and that side of the building there and I look in that control over when there's Robert Greeper looking like he's in a total state of panic With his tallest wrapped around his neck and rubbing his titsets together Or maybe that was tough was doing that and there's stuff sitting with it and it looks at me Oh, and he's got his it doesn't want it like be distracted too long as he's got his stomach at button I do want to say this I'm in my car this morning I get I'm on university grab which is all torn up by the way They're not doing anything there. They just got a torn up just for our in control away and I punch over 103.1 fm the buzz and Palm Beach and there's stern loud clear Mostly uncensored and it you know, I mean not that to show us for me. I don't want to go into that because we're static to have a Yeah, we really are but and then I punch over to us and like I said very seriously 21 seconds later. That's a triple seven second delay sure 21 seconds later heard them say in the same thing Robin was screaming an R to you're an alcoholic or whatever you're gonna notice yeah So in other words if they come up with a line that great they would you edit that much and you're listening on the buzz Then you punch over to Washington here and here it again get double lab You like there's the first one now there's another one It's like Tvo for your radio right exactly only it's a little muddy and of course We'll probably believe it for it. We'd be that funny anyway. We've heard yeah beefo No beefo ain't coming here. If they bring that cornball loser back here. Oh god The last thing we need is freaking beefo. Yeah, they were good until you opened up a big no good. Thank God Not really Don't don't be about it. Oh, if you think audience could have just seen that No more that fool. I'm here. See I can't see a by-law on distance But I just thought that one went to the glass as So in other words, they were ready to ring that loser back and then I opened up a mouth There's oh, maybe that's not a good idea Well first of all, say we're gonna do that. If we're gonna screw over Hank Remember that pull we took last week The audience wants to hop over it. I've already take but it got yanked right the one I think he might even said don't do it You little peon By the way Greg still hates you. I'd say it's like so it's better so don't let him come in here Give you a big song of dance. I'll head you on the back. Just add what smack him on a head Or just repeat what Todd Drex said about him this morning But in any rate, so they were gonna put him on it with mo. Well, that's unacceptable. Okay That is absolutely unacceptable when you when you agree on the late moment. No, oh We don't have the right one in there. I'm not fast enough acceptable Is what it is we want to hop her back We don't need the last year's cornball Steve Nichol jokes. Okay 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I mean, you know, I'll be a good idea. I would say by like wins day I'm Francis Okay, if you're IPO then instead I like going in and bring it well Is someone called we love Hank but that's who we're on the building which means that maybe today tomorrow My p the We somebody loses his mole men to You see what I'm saying We'll find out and wouldn't if he had forgotten I'll get blamed for that based on what you just said right Let's all yeah, sorry default. I'm not kneel screw me again and I know he wanted you for where to have my job at IOD I have never met a more delusional paranoid loser than the default in my life loser paranoid insecure Yeah, and with good reason WQA and hello Don't be saying that let me be less saying great good be yellow's paranoid QA and hello Hi, hi Yes, man Hey, for my friend really listen He's a 30 years old registered above We eat um, let him know much of great credit. It's not a password. Please What a no one Will you please talk to on past Let's register those hate books so much out of off Did you understand anything? Yeah, we they wrote the There's some out of office. Okay go vote John. What do we in him or where we were? Oh, man the power of Neo, you know, it just fantastic such tremendous power I've got WQA and hello Hello, yes sir. You stop. Thank you. Well known fact WQA and hello I thought we just saw Fiki Carlos and here you must have run back there fast to make their callies But when on the old food again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line How did it QA M? Oh, yes sir. Yeah, so the short to pay on how No, he doesn't and how many jerks he talks to you? WQA and hello Watch put your extra. I'm gonna show you stuff. Okay. Thanks. There's a boyfriend of the other one WQA and hello Yeah, do you watch the Veripa on my side where the runner got interrupted? You mean yesterday after no one had happened or you're talking about the replay when I showed when they grabbed the Brazilian guy off the Yeah, yeah, he was running along and then what about it? What about it? What about it? Who gives a crap? Boring garbage man. See this is the thing you can pedal any kind of crap to the public and they'll sit there and I'll watch it What's good to do with us? Exactly part we can ask you this See if this is the problem now now we got to make the transition starting today right get rid of your You're out of me get rid of your people but like I said get rid of your people You're sure the queer crowd. What are my people? What are you talking that this one the biggest too? Oh Oh George back. The ill set hey listen you can have him back right now if it would pay me all yes Absolutely Me That was in my never careers that was when you're yeah, you can have WQM hello WQM hello Oh Manelian In alien he's a lady yeah, yeah, and then and I know Francis is gonna be coming over here Yeah, absolutely what paid flight is she coming on? I'm sorry WQV2 WQM hello Hey Neil yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm calling for a take-coral. Well, that's your problem How are you doing? I'm doing Is I'm gonna hop to hysteria you should see the you should hear the hysteria over here Yeah, well, you don't need another one Yeah, it's real bad. What are you laughing about? I'm out of getting Oh, it's just that or I'm listening to you over there with a North Claw She should hear the guys on the TV over here the weather guys out here Yeah, but you guys just got a big blow there a couple weeks ago. You just got Charlie man I can understand why people are in a total state of panic Yeah, but we'll see all this one does but like you said over here you called a TV station You give them your area code or your zip code and they tell you it's coming the center right towards you Yeah, it's heading toward your living room. That's what Brian said. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Whatever you said. I'm sure that you have to be over there. What does sad Cape Coral can you imagine that? I hear they like oral and Cape Corals what I'm here. Well, I'll be right back How pan here are you about hurricane Francis? And what's that moving out with it? The new movie that's coming out with a oral sex scene in it You haven't read about that? No or heard about that. Oh, yeah, although that's been done Is that a revolutionary thing? No, but it's like a I don't know somebody out there will know we just can't talk about it Okay, we can we talk about it 236 votes. I'll wait and see where the hurricane's really go and 138 what me worry 33 I'm stacking up now water batteries all of these things so far that's got a Brian or cross has made a total panic. It doesn't and the shutters are up already full So I guess we can do the other break in it and then we can start like the real show because this is just Fill it Hey, it's how it how it David I don't know what man TV I said it to my sister. I said it I Wonder there must be on American Idol and she said it's no it No I 1115 60 W2M for this overhead thing Yeah, just what do you do not much just keep pushing about it Here's the fact that says maybe on the only one in town who does read the bedtime stories on your website now We got a few we got a couple how many we got It's my favorite part in the arrages.com now the problem is after wait 30 seconds now do we are we streaming by the way? Did we get that up or not? It's up we're straight it it is See we can't stream the strange row because they've got the rights to this and that we can't do this We can't use his voice we can't uh mention his name all the other crap So as a result what we got on there is like dead air and or filler whistling sounds and a Robert the Rubberness to fill it against dust ass and that's it that that's what that sound is by the way probably been wondering So until we come on here and but how come we didn't get on there did they forget to press the button again? Not just that What I Don't want to hear about it. It says after wait 30 seconds for all those Olympic asked 20 pictures and comics though Yeah, we got too many of money with all the weird will be waiting for up and then let's take some out There's two hundred to get to the story. You know, can I you notice that not good In fact, you know where has the stats on the websites We're listed as like slower than 92% of the other websites Which is that bother maybe because that all that means is we got all kinds of good stuff They're okay, yeah, right? No, not so much traffic but it just takes longer to download because we got so many good the pictures on there Which generally speaking most people spend a lot of time on the internet want to look at a lot of pictures You know, yeah Anyway, what did I mention I mentioned what's your name? I'll get to it. What the other that do with that? Oh no, are you kidding me? I already threw it out. That's how right I show it's good name I really didn't the research on that. I'm annoyed Emily Lloyd you already said it already read it. Yeah, are you kidding me? My Alzheimer's is kicking in that some being back down here again. You're right did do it I'm just an apanic because I we have no idea what other were expecting anymore Please consider moving all that stuff to one other page touch myths See the most pictures anyway, maybe you should just link to his website. No thank you See what publics grab your batteries before Sally fits does How do you like that? You put the front page stuff on there where it's new and then eventually it rotates out to another page All let's see here it says I know how highly regard beastly broadcasting so I'm sending you this letter You know how they treat small business owners who advertise on their stations and we get devastated by hurricanes Uh-oh I guess I better not read the name of the account It's a letter to Brad and Bruce Beesley in Naples and a sterile floor to none of this is really in that order This firm represents The owner of the above reference restaurants they have a contract with W X K B did live her motel from so and so on Thursday and Saturday nights respectively Do the damage from hurricane Charlie and the curfew imposed the r After neither Or they were able to host live her motel It's just come to our attention that WSKB's already entered new contract Do we're votes from competing restaurants in the area not subject to the curfew WSKB's not asked for nor received a waiver to do her most mother restaurants until For the most but instead entered with contract for term of 13 weeks effectively Terminating contract with the WSKB it is unconscionable Then organizations such as yours in the heart of the disaster area would seek to further damage a small business So I'm trying to recover from the hurricane Therefore we were hereby request that you reaffirm your contract with Confirm as soon as so a Exitable for most ishover. How do you like that? Here's some poor guy. She left gets the devastated by hurricane Charlie and these grave robbers are dancing on his grave Okay, all are doing standing there in the street corner with their hand out saying next Next yeah, we'll see they got some cash. We'll take it next That's the measly's mad look at the Humper for those you've been out of town Here's Hank Goldberg gets suspended and we're not even supposed to talk about it We're just supposed to pretend that a big fact guy like him just to disappear vanish in the thin air He's gonna be sliding in with an action cream. That was in the fatter yeah vanish into fat air the fat man He'll be back Wednesday. That's the rumor that I'm here and somebody's gonna be really a peoed about that You bad even though if what I'm hearing around the building is he's become almost human other He took her that mousey musk retent dump that piece of it could be an act, but Nevertheless, it's an act that's a palpable it's an act five six seven oh five sixty Trust me it's an act Even you would tell you. Tone five sixty on the AT&T. Let's get thousands of phone calls on here They anticipate that big blow on Friday WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello Good morning. Yes sir I know you like you like you know this is another one of these deals about naming 10 your good restaurant names to them Or good hotel in Polkipsy forget about it. No, sir. Good. I'm going to the can for the first time going to Montreal. Oh Well and Most mean but we're leaving Friday morning fortunately just before the panic really is right What are we before we need to believe in Saturday morning if a friend of the morning oh Friday morning Six o'clock. Oh, I think that's right when the storm's coming We're gonna get that sale when go be there in about a half an hour But I've never been to that far. I can't have before I've never been there before Yes Eidolot food is great and then check out the underground Montreal I got this like miles of underground shops and crappards great Don't need for about three days before you go because the food there is sensational people are ugly and gross and nasty in friends But man the food is great But we're just the expanded to metal Good that'll screw them up good Good I can't have a time I'll revah mercy look who We now Montreal is a pretty neat city now why were you like Madding like you've you ever been there? No, but I saw movie that took place there with the underground and all that oh And look at this here's the here's a diaphragm Just release out for it is in a clear maybe and then I see I'm not gonna go on here seen these things you people are so morons man Yeah, the new In fact it wasn't just released I saw this on before the show started I saw this like nine o'clock this morning on the internet Muck from Noah Well, he ought to know he's still in the arc just in case you ought to know what yeah, and it's the Projected potential Potential one to three they tracking area for the fighting drink and it shows it going up like pasted Bahamas Loan a couple of those bastards away, which is good when that be great that we can get gambling here You all right great robbers over there in a Bahamas Once a lunatics we got many people listen over there Yeah, and we still hate him like poison all you are as a bunch of graberabbers you got crappy service crappy food and you rip off ever everybody that goes over there All you want to do is rip off the Americans gouge went and doubt gouge him out and that's why we can't have gambling here It's because we got to protect Nick Eros and then his horseball cruise ships and we got to protect those graberabbers into Bahamas Well screw you people, okay? Oh, and you know what I forgot to mention about that bitch that called on Thursday at the end of the show Know what the Greyhound the racing lady. Oh, oh, you know the reason we wanted to feed the paramute or the Slot machines that the paramute rules is because the dog racing people are counting on that to stay in business So in other words, let the education system and the state suffer who's all those millions of dollars Let the So we're right at harness racing and highlight everybody else suffer because she wants to put the dog people out of business because the Greyhound racing Cool and I agree with her a lot of that what she says, but that's not the way to do it If you want to put about a business do a based on what your the real issues are and then but see that's what thing about So Florida man everybody here's got a reason why they're against whatever it is fill in the blank There we go They're against you name it. I'm doing my part. I'm not going to what the Greyhound me There ain't there's anybody else Needless anybody else that's all we can do and if she thinks that the slots are gonna salvage that stuff Forget about it because if they have the slots are gonna have it a top of it. Oh, it Gulf Stream and Carter all these things And who the house is gonna go to the dog track with all the light have them there old friend Ken Walden has Ken do it Just fine good. Thank God So anyways, it's maybe South Florida's in the clear because now the new projections that Michael North in fact it looks to me like it's going right to a Jacksonville All right Yahoo, yeah, and maybe some of them might want something do well county won't be able to vote or speak it evolved. We got the primary tomorrow, right? Okay, aren't you excited about that aren't you whipped up into our friends? You need you excited now I'm not all I know is that the big election November 2 all I know is that it looks like Carrie's gonna just hand it over on a platter There's a here you go four more years of fascism is there about a present day? It must be bought off the Democrats You don't think it'll be it on it's inept. Let's possible, but I think they're in on it I mean especially after Greg being in there just a little while ago the word inept to be resounding through your brain Brudge pack día Now you're the boy my No one around here I'm gonna do an out of hell with you for all the years I'm not a child, I'm not a child I'm not a child, I'm not a child I'm not a child, I'm not a child I'm not a child What did you say to me? I almost swore I heard you say how it says Welcome back What did you say? How he's says I think he's our Howard said He's welcome to the back of him That's what you said You need some staples by the way if you're crappy He's on the way Am I bacon and son of a way? We love Howard's man Now ordinarily I wouldn't be eaten in here Because I don't want to like, pick out Right But salt is a good idea So slim and trim not really slim I've got a little room A little shirt A little nut aside For like a slimy one Which not as fat as usual and certainly a very thin compared to fat boy What's the deal with his hair? He looked like he was undergoing chemo or something Lots of cheeky new do now, everybody's doing it He's got a short beard Yeah, the ultra short buzz The buzz Did you say the buzz one or three point one at a time Were you hearing the Howard's hearing sure if you live in Central Broward after Bomb Beach County every day And a real clear signal they don't doubt about early as much You should pop in there and see the delay units I saw the effect We should do a Robert when I walked first I was curious about that Yeah And it was kind of embarrassing too Multicolored though It is kind of like Jim 560560 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Let's take a look at that QM line I've got your pencil and your gigantic eraser Mad dog Oh, I heard him on Thursday You know as much as I love him He's just don't get it You know No, he was talking about the fact that he heard the word puning tang in that bit that we played And remember because I was debating whether we should play The only reason we played it because we were talking about William Kennedy Smith Oh yeah, yeah And Bill is right There's no such word And so then he started trying like other words And I thought you know don't go there sweetheart Don't go there, you know but they It's got nothing to do with like we're trying to like push the limits Because we know better than that Don't wait Yes, we sure do If we just said I wasn't going to not play the bit Because it says that word Right, made up words Right, means nothing It means, especially to me That means less than nothing to me So mad dog just calm down relax He'll be here at two Then it's four for possibly his second last show ever on QAM It's more Howard David Absolutely What that won't you be in tears I don't know I don't know You have a go to wait Please do not show a true estate to him I'm a likes today for the suspended and still on vacation Hopper Goldberg 630 got to Marlins on deck Marlins at the Metz The Red Hot Marlins who are not making their move They're making a big move now And Eddie can't get in the baseball game And then the morning it's the best of Howard sperm With a 20-1 second delay And a couple of songs Or a little bit like that Yeah Tomorrow I'm going to test it out I'm going to put on the buzz I'm going to get a buzz on when I leave the house And I'm going to listen and see how far south I can hear it Now this morning I listen Just to see how it sounded On the University of Europe I would say like it about the Peter's Road Curtis Abel Loud Orine And then I heard the same thing again Which quite frankly I didn't want to hear it the first time And I heard 21 seconds And I thought This is like not just like seven seconds later This is 21 second A triple delay whammy is what we got I'm a steering show But it's going to be giant And it is going to be you And it is going to be monstrous And before this show Oh god, it's going to be something Because if it's not Greg He may have made his last mistake If this one blows up in his face This could be he may have pushed that guy And he would push you right through the Intestine To the core Is it? Yeah So that haircut is the new instinct now Oh, have you seen that one? Yeah, that's a tiger Oh is it? Believe me I didn't get the memo Take the must right off This is a This will make you very upset Florida GOP leaders push for Jeb in 2008 I didn't like that Oh my god If you ask Florida's Republican leaders about the future They're party many have a one word response It typically comes with the same explanation point That adorns red bumper stickers across the state Jeb explanation point Is this unbelievable or what? Am I sleeping am I dreaming? Well, most of this year's delegates to the Republican Invention say their focus on the relationship WS present many already are thinking ahead of 2000 the possibility of keeping a bush in the White House for 16 Straight years Well, if we would have had Hillary succeed Baba we could have Well Some Republicans in 20 Democrats Coffee the idea of the political dynasty But supporters say governor fat ass bush is Success with the economy Education and other key issues Education Would make him a strong enough candidate to overcome any backlash Or is that I think what they're trying to say black lash Oh, why did it? Because you dark folks out there you better quit vote man It's bad for the bushes We fought the American Revolution not to have a monarchy But I think each of these brothers has a public track record of stock says And Jeb was certainly has demonstrated leadership here in Florida under Very trying times said tram huts in the GOP chairman in Sarasota County Where they never met a Democrat they didn't want to like Lynch One person staying out of debate is Jeb himself who recently announced that Work related hurricane Charlie will keep him in Florida the week the party And once his brother the nominee Well, he's busy working with Catherine Harris again. Yeah, they're working on it. They're working on those new voting machines You know right other DVs They're ready for November 2nd. They got their DVs plans all night. Oh, and that's story We had on a website about Teresa Lappore And they were oh, geez, that thing I read last week About the FC debalison Palm Beach early in the broken arrow. How could she still have a job And guess who's running for reelection tomorrow? Who want her running to get her job back Miriam elephant is running out What is wood this place man? You can go away from here for 20 years and you come back and it's the same outdoor septic tank man You can smell it even when your plane is still in the air. What's that? Oh, man. There must be my any God So what was he saying they were born what was Greg tired of tell us they were born what that they thought there was a mix up about who was who and they thought they were introducing the other The bush twins though the audience thought they were boeing the bush twins. How does he know that because he was there I guess. Oh, well Greg knows those bush twins I'll tell you that More than a third or Florida Republican delegates who responded to survey by AP said they favored jabushes Party's presidential candidate 2000 formerly our city mayor Rudy Giuliani was the second choice But really a few votes from the hundred and twelve delegates nearly half of those surveyed made no predicts and saying instead They're working to make sure that the governor's older brother keeps the White House through 2008 before looking into the next race You're out of your Fad as jabush what a piece of craft man. I guess I guess this state loves crap Yeah, would explain a lot God How is that possible? How did he get reelected and again? I guess that Democrats pulling the defeat from the clenching The people from the jaws of it. I think they're in on it. That's only they can do. I think the fixes in and Ralph later goes to Vegas and said gambling is evil For a bunch of suckers You know, it's so great to be Canadian a Maybe well, maybe instead of that regular we'll get some of that good female bacon Peniel. Do you ever have female bacon? I don't even know what that is. It's Canadian a bad situation. Yeah, it's like Yeah, yeah, that would make it a sure it is good. Yes, like back fight never heard it called W. B. Q. M. Hello Good morning, you mean a redwood Joe's cup? W. Q. M. Hello Yeah, would you deliver a message for Neil? You're driving by the university of my he's just discussing it. I can pick up one or three point one very clearly here on US one oh my god, are we in trouble or what? Well, I don't know if he's saying he's gonna find out how far south he could hear it in the morning So tell him I'm already beyond the euros in Miami. I can hear thanks to the bad news man Okay, thanks. Hey Neil. I hear that they down past the U of M down there Where they Phantom campus of a Phantom University is and they can hear 103.1 wouldn't that be something if this turns out to be when a bomb agrande Because promote that too heavily now. Well, won't he put on the bus and the Howard steering show on without somebody dumps a really clear and crystal clear on FM They'd rather hear it on a M. They'd rather hear it right around Q and because We love WQAM and what they've done everybody here. Don't we yeah with a screw in over everybody WQAM hello. Oh, yeah, sir two spice up afternoon. They should What do you mean to spice up after noon? Well, I'll hand kiss back they should flip Howard David the big oh Oh Now I notice you don't have see your 360 here is really defense. Oh, sorry What updated when it's not updated it's not that many of the good seven or for example You don't have rock solid. I got that in mind right rock solid rock solid See because you can only when you have it in here you can do the very hours, you know As only the big-row can do roll those ours How's that pull coming on the roger's calm? He's rolling a big fat one is what I'm here the big-row You don't you never heard his show no good good. Why would I why would anybody how Panic you are you about hurricane Francis coming this weekend. Maybe this off Florida. Maybe somewhere maybe Daytona Maybe Jacksonville maybe the Carolinas again. What did you get it? You know what? Yeah Coming down yesterday and we're flying the start-in-roll choppy under plane and the pilot comes on and says What was what's the a tropical storm being it with an E and F a and? No, seriously whatever was Where were you just going through the little choppinists as a result of a tropical storm whatever was and that's over the Carolinas They get so much cramped if I was you I better check if that house here is still up to it is it's tucked away I don't know that it's in a ridge Yeah, I'm gonna happen to be ridge close enough 300 river ridge 360 one votes. How's we been doing by the way? How panica are you about all this crap because they're sure trying Brian or crosses doing his danglist to get you whipped up into a frenzy and going out there and buy all kinds of crap that you won't be able to return by the way. I'll wait and see where it's really going to 128 What me worry 47? I'm stocking up now water batteries all of these things 41. That's not on here It was it now all of these things yeah this it is it's just not on yours You tell me what you want on there and I'll reconfigure Yours up there that you've changed on years forget about it. What are you talking about? I've only changed as I made last time I'm like All right, and I All these things It's unmoved and don't forget Now what is that one or three point one the What's I'm going out of the bed 21 Brian or cross has me in a total panic 18 and the shutters are up already six With another man which violate my bonds a match money at a point every person's life One has to look deeply into the mirror of one soul and decide one's unique truth in the world and so my truth is that I am a gay American Am I Stop Miss Even though it's kind of a surprise I didn't think he had to resign Why can't he just pay a fine share of life for him? I would've been joking He'd rather be with better flight than you His role was business that he ditched his bed With these guy go then I just stay on the bed I'm listening I'm okay Who's taking off the greens are in the way His time of business is being used His day of losses is there All business is shared 1133, but this is going fast today What time we start about 20 months ago? No, how are we? It seems like it's not seem like it's been a hours down Who's the mean to curtain today? So anyway, he's a boy, a boy, a boy, a boy, a boy I must have been that top-dread conversation this morning He wrote Greg and answer one But the rumor I'm hearing is that the buzz from Palm Beach One or three four one of them is coming in clear all the way down like in candle That's the buzz That's the buzz around town Oh man In fact, maybe that's why Jeff high had a buzz cut Yeah, maybe that's why Greg has got that buzz cut Well if you listen to the buzz put us down, okay I don't want to tell people to lie, but I mean, would that be a shame if we went to all that trouble And all this grief and you know that would be tragic Put the license out there on the line and then all of a sudden we find out that Oh, I guess what there's another station that doesn't come out nearly as much And for whatever reason that sounds like clear as a bell Although Muffin was telling me this morning she said that over where he lives in for a lot of day on the beach All the way down here can't hear the buzz So I guess you have to be like maybe it's an east west thing that'll north south Oh yeah, like the Gables series, I mean by UM is really got way out west in it Sure So that's why strong Oh, good you got to turn over to FM to try to get one or three four one That's a problem, can you a little confused? Speaking of continues now CNN pretends that the real story about who got boot At the MTV video music awards last night the VMAs excuse me What do you watch in VMA? Reaching out to young Americans at MTV's video music awards last night The daughters of President Bush and the Democratic-Chowder John Scurry were met by loud cheers and cheers The bottom of the form, all right Well, I'll tell you what the carries daughters are just grotesque. Yeah, they're almost as me as Howard Dean's wife It's unclear exactly whom the cheers and the booze were meant for or why now that's interesting See now I think they're getting to the they got to come on it I'm maybe I mean what I think they were booing Carson daily. They're a girl born. That's that may sense to me They began immediately after radio and MTV's shwuck Carson daily introduced from New York Barbara and Jenna Bush and hear my me Vanessa and Alexander carry The monster daughters The carry daughters were at the event at the mercenary lines of me the bush daughters appeared in pre-recorded video. They were busy parting My sister and I are thrilled to be here tonight with you all and Florida said Vanessa carry to get this chance to suggest that you get involved in this election And vote and hopefully that you vote for our father for your father MTV camera showed some audience members apparently giving the women a standing-ovation But the mixture of booze and cheers continued Alexander see if they wouldn't let any of your people in there. They would give them a standing-ovation see if they let some of your beeners in there Speaking of beeners. Yeah, I got to go get the food. Oh the food's out there. How is this here with our food? Maybe there's some beans in there. And we got some of the refried beans with our bacon Alexander carry out a dead millions of young Americans can't have determined to November election But we appreciate that in our democracy people are free to feel differently about who they vote for. She probably should have mentioned that would be nice If they counted the ones for carry in Florida, but they probably won't the carry daughters then turn it around to watch along with the MTV audience the video of the bush daughters Hey Alexander Vanessa and hey everyone at the VMA said Barbara bush Jenna and I really wish we could be there, but we're in New York this week to support our dead And as you might have guessed we want to suggest the you will for him in November Jenna bush said we can all agree on the importance of voting MTV broadcast turned down sounds of the audience during the playing of the video But the vocal audience could still be heard the bush twins are 22 Vanessa's 27 Alexander to who cares Well, here's our bacon thanks to our friends at house It says the bush seemed to die down and cheers took their place toward the end of the segment when the carry daughters took back the floor And encouraged people to support victims of hurricane Charlie which devastated portions of Florida earlier this month Speaking to CNN after Vanessa carries said the bullying had scared her But added that we're fighting for something so strongly I'll go up there and hear the whole arena bouffamines connecting with one person She also said it was surreal to appear at the VMA's known for having one of the most energetic and responsive cries of any word show In other words people on the beach of hundreds of false don't offer ass is what they're trying to say right right and especially not in Miami though Let's see look oh look at this this one says god on it they must mean Oh, good man God is this good too much sort of tool all right Who orders a bacon is just perfect I'd have like wild diarrhea by about 1245 and then you can finish this show for right where the queer guys out there You use that for that craft and for how much people Oh, yeah, I'm not sure which hour we're talking about 56705 60 better get a lot of calls in here today because I want to you know kind of like connect with the audience again I didn't see time check with any comment a paper today did you know no why don't look so why not you don't read this comes to know no gets the finger dirty Oh, and now let me let me say this. We don't say bag afterwards. Ah That must be it now we have a bit called what is it called hidden valley douche okay, right right now? How come we can say that I guess you just had your thumb on it you can say anything you want as long as you don't say bag after it right Let's it's a shack back say let's have a cup of tea, but you can't say tea bag no way I see Jose WQAM hello George Okay, thanks for the good news. I didn't realize you was that busy WQAM hello Hey now yes, sir Oh, yeah WQAM hello Yes, sir. Oh, I just wanted to weigh in on the one of the 3.1 I really was Boca and I can barely get it there My sons if you are them and they're one of the three one down there is coming out of Kendall It's coming out of Kendall. So what does that mean? It's a classic rock station So in other words, it's the 103.1 a guy's here. Down there is not the one that's turn is on no, oh that guy's a bozo They kind of sounded like such an intellect, you know? Just pull back Marcy I'm a different area. I think I know where it is Okay, thanks a lot, pal. So you see 103.1 down there by UM is not The buzz okay, so that guy who sounded very authority remember the one who thought he was talking Obviously he's an idiot. Oh, no, I mean, yeah, I didn't even know who he was talking to. I made it very clear. I still will be sure until Neil Not the same station probably from the keys or something when you think I I guess never heard of it Well the other buzz maybe maybe mufflandsy or clearance They're all in there while they're busy. Since they're supposed to be the radio mavens Maybe they could look it up like in what is that the thing I have looked in in years It's got all the stations. What's all the they call that book? I don't know to good book could book the radio book and find out what tell that thing is it's not the buzz Oh, thank God for that otherwise that we're done QA I urge everyone to complain to this station I Can get up What do you mean? You'll do I'm getting the tougher it is the climb out of bed and start today George doesn't know it But this morning he's getting prune 10 a brand new breakfast drink that will get him up and acted before he knows it Here honey, drink this That bad taste like grammar I'm feeling good So late age but you down try the new breakfast drink sleeping the rest homes of America you're punting Prune 10 it's store is everywhere 145 so anyway the big oh you can't spell more on without a couple of times, you know So he's I've had L a things that he's a big superstar now because of the rock solid bit Which is realized that we're all making fun of how rock solid ridiculous that thing is and that's fuck that we just played So the rumor that I'm here in from the people or how he's is that he Decided that it was such a big hit because we're all playing rock solid. He went to the client personally and try to get more money for himself for doing this Bob rock solid and almost blew the account is what I'm hearing So to speak that's amazing. Yeah, maybe that would have worked better rock solid Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha just quit when an ego crap okay Big oh just kiss the ground that they let you on a year that they got a tinier in his place And the I do who really belongs on a year and who doesn't think of an idea For you there's a classic example I always show what I had to take for a little when the Todd rec was into this morning half an hour coming in to lick my ass And they pray you to again if trying to suck up for me to do in the count that I won't do This sales department man the best 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT did they come in here and tell us what one or three phone one if I'm is From key west of where birds from no What the hell are they doing beside maybe each other in there? WQAM hello Hey Neil yes, sir. I don't have a way back. Yes, sir First of all I can't stand sir. Yeah, second of all I I love the fact that Hank is gone Because I can't stand you know you can't stand anybody You can't stand you either 567. Oh 560 can't stand as you see You know what really gets me about these people what have I said before you like a show tune in and listen to what enjoy You know I could there's 80 million other radio stations or CDs there's cassettes there's pop-up toasters There's all the rest of us do that all the other things yeah, very simple But you're your typical software, but you don't like anything Just like that that dog track bitch, right? Everybody here has got some reason why they're against it. You name it In the blank well, they're against those people. Yeah, if it's a nice day if it's a nice sunny day and not too hot Not too human. Oh, I'm against that that's bad for tourism people come here for the hot for the heat now that we got shack 560 don't send it at money for the Panthers okay, I'm telling you right now. Well, what do you laugh about? Well, listen to me suppose you went online Suppose you went online and I'll give you an example Remember I ordered a pair of these great new balance shoes on this and I got thanks to my friends at Brandy's by way for the pair that I got waiting for me right here That I got my hand and suppose I went on there and they took the money But there was a note on there it said set us the give us your credit card number And we'll take the money will charge it, but we don't have the shoes Now maybe right maybe in six months we might have maybe in a year maybe in a year maybe in a couple years. We don't know Would you buy him? No, would you a hand them the money over so they could hold in meal it's squeezing Violet put it the make of extra interest on it probably not So how can any of these NHL teams who could conscience be selling season tickets? It's like a bait and Swiss is what it sounds like to me God, somebody stupid people and so little time before you just figure out how we're splorted Are we already half So many can QAM hello Georgia's You're okay good. I thought he would any suggest positively sensational I thought I thought he was gonna subduke you a him hello And there's our love that buddy What is it? I love everybody I don't know why if anybody has to have all the hate I know I think the stern show is Yeah, we're been drawn Well, it took me about to he had like a er he is putting on a Jamaican call on it 5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line WQM hello The same crack this guy how many years has that been huh how many years has heard from him? This is entertaining man WQM hello Okay, I have to the polish So he's that was needed called earlier and my other phone was wrong and I was off a clap and I didn't know what's the phone to grab and that's why you heard my phone We're you know, you're sorry about that. Yeah, yeah listen, the only thing the good thing about We're in about her I can't even take your mind off though. What's going on with this election? Is that it? Well, no, I mean I remember back with hurricane hazard came and now We're Ryan North Cross was a hundred hundred down in the bunker and The best thing happened there was we lost power didn't have to look at him for 12 days 5670560 pound 560 on a AT air hurricane Andrew that was really a funny stuff huh yeah Lots of about it. Yeah WQM hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Do you know what I think will be so great about Hammer can replace by copin my mole is the fact that it'll feel like another dolphin game When they do across over 350 APM Yeah, it'll feel like a crossover like you had to dolphin game. We've been to dolphin flux this year five six seven 560 pound five this is the best bacon that you've ever had today and the calls to no I was gonna say that by the mention that this is the best bacon in the world at how he's so you look like you're enjoyed it I am In a so crispy man. Yeah, how do they do that? He liked it just about they got it down and I'll tell you another thing they got these Cuban sandwiches down even though they're They got those Cubans down good. Yeah, I'm not a little lucky luck in day They're great Except for Miguel he's voting for Kerry that that should tell you a lot He's taking a lot of heat We've been talking about it as you really from his family. Well screw them not family. Okay, see school off a million Okay, I like them in a lock box till after until November 3rd all right I'm Tony right now. That's the only way we got a joke and all you dark folks You better vote a whole bunch of times That one might get counted to let all the Cubans vote twice that's what I heard especially if they're old and look like your mother and dead WQAM hello I know you've had a rough life study, but what happened that voice WQAM hello Yeah, it's so full of I want to pop up Hello, yeah, are you laughing because of my voice? No, not me I know you sound okay. You're saying it's like a rhyme. It's so silly me Yeah, yeah You know every time I come up you just do that to me. It's so silly. Yeah You silly. Okay Yeah, I am so glad to be back here. Yeah, this is where it's at Yeah, all of it and if they were fighting, how many QAM hello Bellar eradicated yes, sir. Go on man. How you doing man? That's great. Yeah, you know Can I ask you about a bit don't you be Go ahead Yeah, you did a catch in the kettle with the peaking moon man. I want to hear that I went on your website before I couldn't find anywhere good catch in the kettle. Yeah I got cats in Chrisco. That's not the money started about no, no, no, they're catching the kettle in the middle We know the moon Huh, that was rock comedy, what's it? Man, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's in here somewhere Little figure out man, all right, get on him. Good There's an order where is it on a disk somewhere? Okay, we'll find it We'll flip it all around but I think you're Carlos what was she doing in here get lost go away Go down the hold of power so what we tell me about the special grip in is about 450 pounds now Yeah, she's on the I'll flip it on she's a like a correspondent for Json the Atkins day live has ever seen night in all the carb loaded stuff. Yeah, and she's twice the size as when you last saw her easily a Giant in the radio industry almost over completely round she looked with the joke on cello Don't forget join a quote today five to seven to the mega liquor store Look at it at 146 57 southwest 56 street Miami stop by the spin the QM view For prizes That's with the the crow today at mega liquor store 147th Avenue drive and if he not smell better than anybody you ever smell probably a little bit too good Maybe he'll even loan you some of that cashmere bouquet to smear on your I'm trying rub up on her window you can spot that way there you go WQM hello WQM hello Okay, the name of the name of the movie with the orl thing I bring a pardon that you're asking earlier Do what the new movie with the oral right what is it brown bunny? That's it and has a George would know it's Vincent Gallo and Chloe seveny Okay, so that people know even even know about this scene Even though those movie well, yeah, but he had this movie. This is big stuff Me, okay need to be fair maybe can you play that a crow thing with the hernia with the way mister Crow thing with a way you have it up there you didn't give it to us. What is that all right? I'm not doing that until I get away this week next week next week. We have to wait a week man I don't want overdo that It is great I mean I heard that and I just immediately we still were in Santa cassette I thought this has got to be safer past there it Because only the crow could come up with some hell heavy They're even the bush mice to rain in his league. You don't want to come to some of the words She's a man prep drop problems right 567. Oh 560 pound 560 you think times you could got kidnapped or something got hijacked He doesn't write radio anymore Speaking of hijacking after the aback no listen after the break That story how come I didn't mention this earlier? Well, because nobody was a Russian they're waiting for us to come in No, not about the right the other one the other one What a check the entire is I mean what kind of a more on than you have to be to and I know that that was a terrorism The Russians put the plane at crash in November of 2001 just a couple months after 911 in Queens We all remember that American Airlines gent and the oh no that's just an accident just a coincidence There ain't no coincidence Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 I Did you ever think when you're your Chinese it ain't pocket chicken bottle fat sign these yet the food tastes great So you don't complain but that's not chicken in chicken child Mean seems to me I ought to sweet and sour forth But got filled on my for it's burned here on my for There's a cat in the cell as the machine I Every day They can feed the cat and you'll never know once they're out there And I've been no voice they pride real Kristen though This is such a set it gives a good crap I'll then ask if I wanted more as he was dialing up his body at the home That's done said not today. I lost my appetite Let's do cats in my belly and they're wild if bite I was sucking on a roll it as it turns a suit when I swear I heard it new My Is when I do There's a cat in the kennel that the machine They got to stop these and there But no They say that it's deep off the show But it's current there on my fork there's a hair ball on my fork That's a puppy cut By the way, do you ever have puppy cut? Yes, I'm gonna play it quite a lot of it and they got the new way of just nuts. Yeah, I like that puppy Cocknuts Have a big hand of it at home. What if them pretty rose could use that sounds like 202 at five 60s so there you go, pal. You're requesting immediately I've not seen it. We had to like get a whole cast of thousands of people in this right man party search party Grabbing and groping for it and we found it Yeah, here's that poll neo-rogors.com Don't forget we got what's your name on there today Emily Lloyd Emily Lloyd with one L Whatever yeah, what one L How panicky are you about hurricane Francis five hundred and seven votes? Anyone on a lie why because the show started almost on time today Took a lot of people by surprise. Yeah, I guess right no, I'll be figured around No, what time you gotta get done? Oh pencil man. You're looking at new poll bush 47 carry 47 later too He was ahead carry was ahead by four points in pencil of an year. He's slipping man was content bush 48 carry 45 later for The old code who says gambling's evil in the Oh, this is scary Uh, Iowa carry 51 bush 45 later too. Wow How do you like that? Nader I'm waiting to see in it as a flip in these here come on love. Let's see some more good crap Florida this is the one that was in the air this morning bush 48 carry 46 later too you stubborn bastards you Oh There's a wolf blitz creep He's the anti-Christ you're how many what is this a bush is gonna get seven votes He's voting five times WQAM hello Yes, sir crank call yes, hello hello Yeah, I like the parking now speaking Oh, I'm on there. Yes. Oh, okay. He's drunk. Okay, like I said briefly five six never 05 60 556 on the AT and T Gagon on his bacon now you think how he's gonna kill me. He's been healing I'm not even quite close WQAM hello WQAM hello Yes, sir. It's put the gord of damage Oh no Yeah, put the gord I don't think we can see that anymore. No, if you am hello choice has your way You, I am Yes, sir How can you believe these people from the weather? I mean two weeks ago a three-way Charlie only gonna jump a 10-by-and-wound Yeah, I remember they're in put the gorder Hey, but how can you believe these people when it's amazing and channel 7? It's just he's kind of feeling this morning Never I think where I do that home people showing on people I don't know if I can't be alone or I But people are worth stories Yeah, that's a good point. I'm right. Say screw on the photo to you What I say who don't need them? How about Lindsey lumber or I say out of business? I think they might be hmm haven't heard from them in a long time There was one over by mile over there on Sterling Road haven't seen them in ages. They're gone and sushi 567. Oh 560 Pound 560 I'm selling that kind of by the way anybody want to buy it No, no, no, no, you could buy for your mom Yeah, you can be close. You can be right up to street now. He was oh yeah beauty Then they're done that come to QAM hello Okay, how you doing? All right, tropical storm gas and was the one that just stopped on self-suffering Yeah, I passed on gas dawn is matter back at somewhere. We just flew over yesterday, right? Yeah, I live on the day gone. I just got done clean up the yard for two weeks. So I can't even bear to turn on the TV I don't need to be working on a weekend. Well, that'll blame it So whatever that means hey I actually have sucked into some ice area when southern blue water With the shirt you know I'm talking about that new movie Open water. I'm sorry open legs I don't know for no Hope my legs in blue water just like the pitcher two people sit in the water and you're staring at them for now and a half I'll be the end. Oh, it depends on who they are. Yes five six seven oh five sixty sounds like one of them Olympic events Water sitting Next time water sit in Oh, the green loading then Greeks are good at that they like floating upside down WQAM hello Yeah, sir. Yeah, I get a good a poll for you Yeah, oh, oh, I was sir How many gave me would have a no six with how it was all great. That's perfect WQAM hello WQAM hello Good morning Yes, sir. I thought that was on the answer you are I am terrific. This is Mark and G how are you? It's who you're going who the hell is Mark and G First of all, we're all in kind with their way back since you're Kate. Yeah, but why do we need a name? We don't do names if you're Long time listen you should be well aware the fact that we despise doing nons and never never do it again Hey, we got a lot to do in the selection. I like the Eski favorite on the year I don't know if you know I do the gay way to your show No, I know one of your sisters now and that's what you're doing call me show to see the taxes over Trying to get us to Just have a The only sister situation we got our kitchen powers in having a good day One of the talks station right we want you to promote some of Cox broadcasting a gay radio show on cops. I'll be damn well What else are they talk about five six seven or five six feet pound five six to you on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and that's something people I want to use this very white button to do that. You're gonna you I don't give a crap if you're a fat If you're a transvest I would a wife here God we got a scream around us a front desk here. If I never saw that thing again, it would be the happiest thing in my life weird beard god Oh Brothers in fact, you know quite frankly I see enough bags for this year How many votes we got on that pool? 539 but pretty impressive total goes to show when we start on time There's a lot of interest out there when we don't start out time people and don't like stir in our center of their thinking When is Neil coming on already when how does that show start what what's uh we haven't here? Not to mention the people who do like stir don't even always on a station yet So that's the station I bet you there's gonna be a gigantic campaign I bet you that the Greg's gonna have to go walk it up and down Lincoln Road, Momma to sandwich board and a bell Then a little ring ring that bell By the way, do you see those awards last time? No Oh brother, W.A.M. Hello W.Q.M. Hello Yeah, how come every time you guys are gonna talk about something about the airplane The crash in November whatever. Oh, yeah, okay, thanks He reminded me. Oh, right now that we're talking about that you don't every time we do it We're gonna do a break South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona and once I go to Mexico We're gonna California and Texas and New York We're gonna South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan and then we're gonna Washington these cities That's a perfect shot Rev Wolf again Yeせ M 0 Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, if not a rag later with present-in rabbit, let's eat together with a pack of, delicious and delicious, delicious and delicious,antom, real good thing we did. So now you have two boxes about this in order of the Baker, First was just in there, did you tell you about 103.1? But what? No. Well why not? What's it got to do with sports? All or the cues? Well that's what you found about? Yeah, yeah. I said I accused a me of playing the wrong one. Right. That was the driver's story. Anyway, 103.1 is some key largo. Okay. The guy that's called before that intellectual guy. I thought he was talking to you that says there was an extra myelbo and an additional which here here's another one. It shows son 103.1. Key largo. Classic rock. He was right about that. About the floor mat. You only problem is they don't got no Howard Stern. No. They have nothing to do with the buzz. Okay. The buzz is in Palm Beach. So I'll find out for myself. You know, it's like it's just like this thing about the seminals about the hard rock casino and it's the mogul slot machines. I want to find out how they work and what they're going to be all about. You know, I'm going to fight out. Go there. I'm going there. I'm going to take a puke at myself. You go there, girl. Please, people wouldn't know a real slob machine. If somebody stuck it up their ass. PD and NMB says they're kneel. No, this is. I oughta frame this. It's a happy listener. And now floor it down with a 305. Fact number. A happy person at the day county. And if there was at least one, it says first Stern. Then you, I don't even have to change this station. I'm in heaven. Oh, good. I think you're back on your regular schedule. PD and NMB. Oh, nice. Somebody that's happy out there. I'm on Jared. Oh. Well, change your mind. Okay. Now, here's the story. I got a apologize. Thanks to that chronic inspector call before. Montreal man down US plane. C-S-I-S told for route the Tunisian involved L-C-I-S says. But officials insist, of course, the crash was accidental. Do we believe the officials? No. Yeah, only if you're a schmuck. They wouldn't lie. No. Not at all. Just like the Russians were lying about well, we don't see any evidence that it was a terrorist. I guess why it was a terrorist attacks. It was just a coincidence, don't you think? Of course, those crappy cheap built Russian planes. I'll capture that kind of operative as tool of Canadian intelligence investigators that Amantry Al-Man, who trained in Afghanistan alongside the 9-11 hijackers, was responsible for the crash of American Airlines flight in New York three years ago. Canadian, remember that morning? We're sitting here. And we saw that thing and said, this can't possibly be in the coincidence. This soon after 9-11, here we go again. And they said, oh no. Canadian security intelligence service agents were told during five days of interviews with the source that Obbed the roof of your day. Canadian citizen also knows that known as corrupt Indonesian had done, what's the AT&TB Awards, I say? Had done a play with explosives on November 12, 2001. The source claimed today had used his Canadian passport to board flight 587. And conducted a suicide mission with a small bomb on a bomb of a Canadian, similar to the one used by convicted shoe bomber, Richard Reed, a top secret Canadian government report says. But a official said it was unlikely today was actually involved in the crash, which killed 2605 people in its considered accident. The fact that Al-Qaeda committed the crash today, however, suggests they were expecting to attack a plane. We've seen no evidence of anything other than an accident. Here said Ted LaPataWitz, a spokesman for the US National Transportation Safety Board, and they're known for lying a lot. There has been no evidence found from what I can tell he said. At least that's been related with that there was any criminality involved here. It appears at least the evidence we have is that a vertical fin came off, not that there was any kind of event in the cabin. It was just a bad timing. That's also suspicious, right? Sure. And we've got planes of all of the sky all the time. Paranoid, you're just paratly. That's right. Today 39 came to Canada from Tunisia, 1991, became a citizen in 1995. Shortly after getting his Canadian passport to the left of Afghanistan, and trained with some of the 9-11 hijackers who were going to the 9-11 commission in the USA. He recorded a martyrdom video, but was dropped from the 9-11 commission after returning to Canada in December 2001. The plan where the world traits had a red tack, Khalid Chig Mahamit claimed today was recruited for a second wave of suicide attacks. How do you like that? The information on today's alleged rule of playing crashes contained in a memo on Captain Kennedy, the al-Kana operative Mahatma, Hamid Munster, and Jabara, the Canadian government member was written in May 2002, was based on information provided by a source of unknown reliability. Jabara is a 22-year-old St. Catherine's resident, who allegedly joined Al-Kaden, convinced the Taliban to give material assignment. He was tasked with overseeing a suicide bombing operation in Southeast Asia, but was caught and essentially a guilty in the USA. The report which was sent to the Philippine National Police Intelligence Directorate, which was told about the US plane crash by Abdul Abdalurman, a Saudi al-Kada member was working for Khalid Chig Mahamit. You like that? Okay. No. In discussions, Abu Abdalur Rahman mentioned al-Kada was responsible for the assassination to misuse the Northern Alliance leader. According to the source he added that 12 November 2001 plane crash in Queens of the York was not an accident as reported in the press, but actually an al-Kada operation. He informed Jabara that proof that Tunisian conducted a suicide mission on the airplane, using a shoe bomb of the same tap used by Richard Reed, proved that Tunisian was identified from newspaper photos as being identical to Abdul Roof today. Canadian citizen who resided material. Maybe that guy's going to Montreal can look up his kin, find out. Check the story of who's your teen. Yeah. What do you think? Maybe you can read the Kinsey report before it goes that new movie that's out, yeah? What's it got to do with Howard? What's it got to do with that oral sex scene? What's that got to do with what? No! Are you kidding me? That's so rude. So what's the deal? Is Hank coming back once a year? What? I guess they probably wouldn't tell us if he really was. That was a scuttlebutter round of building this morning. But if he really was coming back from vacation and this unwaored, long suspension, I'll have a rumors about it. Right. No one has said that. Well what I'm saying is they wouldn't say that because probably tomorrow they'll say them all at what times he get done tomorrow. They'll say no more. Or not. All depending on what the real story is. No one. No one. See ya. Bye bye. Maybe we're doing evenings. No but wouldn't you be ecstatic? I mean I've got paid to work in the movies. Are you doing this? Seven months by packs and rilled. Unless you have some kind of a mammoth ego, right? Or some great need to be on air and drive all the way from Boken. I think he'd be fine. And see him. Just write him a check. Sure. I'll take it. Well now that you and he abonded so well, I'm going to think of you. Okay. No problem. 560, 50560 on it. But I think I don't know what they do. How do they do it? They just say do it as right. How is or is how? How come we never mentioned about it? I'm going to load somewhere. What? It's in one of the other road somewhere. Yeah. It's on 441. A little strip mall. A little hole in the wall somewhere. Right up the road. Yeah. But we ought to be given them a better plug than that. They've been feeding us here for Cooze age man. They're at 2430 South St. Rose 7 in Miramar. Right. 954 989 7707. They got good crafts. They do. They do. They do. They do. They do. They're not closing down. James Mugs were next to the eating center. I thought they had the best bacon if they're Sunday brunch. And it was very good. But nothing like this. This is just the die for. If you like crispy bacon, you know, they're just about like crumbled in your hand. Man. But you had a line nine is a real winner. Watch. Mark it down. WQAM Hello. Hello. Hold it. Oh. I think that was on the roof today. WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Call Neil. Call Neil. Speaking to him. Yes you are. Oh, I'm here in Hollywood. You can't even debug this. It's wonderful. It's why? It's wonderful. It's wonderful. Okay. Absolutely. Kind of like local the other am stations. It's un-listenable. Yep. The buzz. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You got it. Thank God for that. Okay. Hollywood. They can't hear it. Don't we hear relieved? Oh yeah. At least we'll have another there. What? Hollywood? Yeah. No. I don't think so. Sure. All those burgers got to kind of kind of a changing thing. You know. Changing them graphics into what? You've got to take a look around you, Mr. So with just a matter of moments there, I get a fax which I'm keeping there. I've set it aside in my new shoes and the shoe box. In fact, you ought to see what's in my shoes. What about? No, no. Seriously. About the one that buy my mother's condo. How do you like, well actually my curie good. Probably value in Hollywood is going through the roof. Is it really? Yes it is. How much is it? I can get for that about 4,500 million. Yeah. I'll take it. He says what he won for it. Money. A lot of it. WKWM. Hello. WKWM. Hello. You. Yes sir. You know, I'm so I say something I love your show for some color. Yes. No you not. You say yes. No. And I was there to go to my door shy. I really love your show. And I can't stand your image. There's also a guess what? Here's a solution for it when your garden's on to listen. Very simple. How do you like that for being a problem solver? I don't really care whether you like your hair. George, hey George, George is doing just fine in fact the ratings that came out. July we did great in fact we were the only day part on the station that's pretty much state about flat the other morning with down a little bit after it's a little bit more. We're just so George had a fine July. He was on most of July. I was on vacation there for a week and I was only doing 2s and Thursday. So those people out there including Greg Reed by the way who'd appreciate the fact that George is doing a fine job. Now, Yamala, that's my comment to you. What? No, nobody in this building has done this. I'm not allowed to lie. Screw on. I don't know how to say how to say you're playing this. How's your playing on our website to tremendous every week including when you were. Your life is no Rogers. It's no Rogers. It's no Rogers. So what about it? What do you care? Long-term economic dog bucks. I don't it is bastards in this building. Well, you're so that's a bulletin. No. Why do you think I'm so delighted that to be here in 99 and 99? Why the other time? Okay. How many people are doing this building? Well, if I never saw them again. But it would be much too soon, huh? Just 30. Oh, that's just for a $100. Yeah. I'm just, well, we don't have one. It's just about 100. Yet we're working on it. All these silly little children out there. You suck. George is back. See, like how many times we talk about this? But all new people in South Florida do is complain. Wait. Wait. Now that that's why when I got that one facts from a happy camp. He's happy we got stood in the morning. Like, so it's turned. He likes me being on right after what? Yeah. He's happy. There's a happy guy. There you go. As opposed to most of you, which quite frankly, when I look around, I can understand why your pistol. You're the season meal, Rogers. Congratulations. Get ready. Hi. This is Vice President Dick Chaining with my ruling schedule. I can't afford not to be in jail. That's why I'm introducing my new series. I'm high intensity workout videos. What's Chaining size to the oldies? We'll start with jumping jacks. Now it's important to remember to pace yourself and only work out within your limitations. So that we shoulder with the part hands at the sides and we get one. On clear. As I tried to do a little too much. Two. What? Clear. Oh. I'm getting warmed up. Three. Clear. You never got to believe this. You'll believe it. Here's the facts from somebody I hung up on before who wants to use this show to promote the show. Oh, so now I got to deal hang up and I'm part of that special lead hang up club. I'm honored. Well, here's my response to you. Fuck. I sent you two facts. I was asking you to be on my show. The answer is still. No. I don't have what would be the point of that to help him get ready. No. The answer is no. I got four hours a day, five days a week or at least three and a half or maybe three. Why don't you hold it on? I don't have any of you. I get ratings for free. Right. Having said that, I know we have very similar political agenda through my show, but I hate to break the news here. I don't need your show. I don't need you. I don't need your show. If you're doing so great. Hey, more power to you. Keep the banging away on your agenda. I'm banging on mine right now. Okay. I'm squeezing it. PS. By the way, I was not looking for free on air for more than that's why I only use my name and after shore station. I only use my name. More hello. Got on the air and said that. More or Mandy. We don't need no Mindy lying on this station. Okay. Stick to magic. Okay. Stick to the oldies, Mandy. Get out of here. Pull questions suggestion. Oh, Jesse. Look at this. And now he's even writing it out long handed. He doesn't even bother tapping anymore. Craig and Miami, chronic Craig. We're trying to tell a world. Oh I have no idea. I'm going to kick it on Channel. It's 08 on Mars. What's the remote there? It's press 08. Oh, yes. And there she is. Oh no. Oh God. You told me if I'm a man I was like my amy. I'll be at the 2004 MTV video music awards and all the stars show up and guess what Not a whole lot of them talk to us take a look. Oh My god, he probably when I saw that then they probably ran She's quite droopled and say good junior Holy moly I get the room to the size of Uranus They're good not that is scary So Craig and Miami's got a very original pulse injection Craig your prophetic man. You are so sad I have no life Who is the most beautiful woman alive today? How many times have we done that pull in the last five minutes? I've heard a man a life Craig okay get a blow up doll is my best suggestion for you and wait till he hears his suggestion his choice Pamela Anderson Lee oh he did that just for me. Oh Oh And then he attaches it again because we missed it the first time He'll take a close trade okay get lost go away find a boyfriend a girlfriend like I said I'll blow up doll I can't run away that can't turn you down his average is it? I think I've even a blow up doll would turn him down. You know, I really do it blow away probably deflate his ego 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Welcome back meal. Yes, sir. Oh, I sure very good. Good. I was just hearing talking you talking about their calm Know you want to put for sale. I'll give something back to you a free market announced for your calm though You put me in all the now send a few a free market How much the value of that place before you get right? So if you put me in all of our gifts that information for free do we know you you sound very familiar not the No, I'm not a touch connection. You don't know my current Irish man. No, I'm not sure you're Dutch Holy Dutch man. Oh, God. How you doing? I'm doing okay, but I think the anti-acoustic alcohol What I don't trust the judgment of such a country so things gonna screw me and try to like pull some kind of a fast deal Touching doing See on the damrack not I'm burnt out on the Dutch on Amsterdam on a smelly European I'm burnt out on that whole view. Oh, there's more boo oh no look at that She just swapped off the right end of my screen. It will go here for food down if you saw Oh, this yeah This is nothing you could create an island out of each one you can have like a small village You can eat the barboard signals you see how far apart her arms are her gut our voices wide How do I can you see that other arm it's back there? It's a way back there. All right, right next there Back to think it's upper rectum. Wow spherical. She is discussing now. What channel did I get off here on CNN? I don't know what you were only 54. See and I should mention also that in what we're capable to lie have It's all of it calm cast calm can't yeah everybody I hope that the people at calm cast rotten hell, okay? They changed all the channel numbers around sure And they like he last night I was in town. They changed them around now I finally figured out where to leave where I come back again and they changed them again The carry daughters and all that stuff. I don't want to see the carry daughters in the bush for the misery You know what the who got booed Wow, we're channeling you on that good day live still That you get involved in this election and vote and a hostelate that you vote for our father Okay, you know what the bullying was all over the top I think you have I think you're saying You're going to go to an off of there, okay? Get that cow Here's a fact this is is Moham or David good to be on today. That is correct Moham or David will be on every day From a four to a little bit of a zoom right about that Something will be on Today some of you will be on the F4 clock some due talking sports 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What do you think? WQM hello Oh, we got line 9 okay That was it how are we doing? No, he said oh my god. I say say how we doing? Outer oh fine. WQM hello Still okay, I just want to kind of complain about the musical or to everyone calling this their second You might have complain about it and what's calling it the second home nobody called it the first song I'm a rick only first we have a shack It's all I have to look up to for my first home living here. Yeah I thought you were I sounds really good to make a millis house give it a try five six seven. Oh five 60 What I think it would be a perfect home for him no two a second home We're in the first home and a third WQM hello QAM WQM Ola Any other going okay Hello, yes, sir speak to me now forget about your boyfriend over there. He's put his underwear back on come on let's get with it It won't stop eating a little bit Like I said that's that's it. That's the one Well, anyway, you know, that's why he's putting his underwear back on think it's a Brazilian dish five six Oh, yeah, it is lunch time five six seven. Oh five 60 pound five 60 go play with your chalupa. Okay, sweetheart WQM hello Good okay, they're running on the material now WQM line nine. That's it. That is their material. I know two Okay, I just want to say the forecast shows the biggest no count of the never crossed there We know that already okay, you're boring WQM hello Okay, welcome back Sure What do you think about this Natural convention you can take a If you obeyed or no, I will not We're gonna take any view of it. Yeah, I have a dim view of it. How do you like that never in clockwork orange? I have a real deal of Oh, brother just unbelievable so keep swinging at ceramic number around and have a good time hop on it Hey listen, it was in the Olympics Oh, that's an event. Yeah, it sure is all listen. It's an old one They've been doing it a lot of time. Well those Greeks 21 till one that's what I meant at QAM Get wild I call here I'm not the one rated even a mo- I would have been in a show in there when he said put in my ears for Asians Wait for me. I don't even know how you have children They're a ball hello Jay Peeley really is a great quarterback. I can a good you Well not the mention he's got extraordinarily smooth The boxes It's gonna be good. What you say It's okay I have nothing else to share I was the way the down there in the mirror my I'm right down the street from you I am oh, I know always by the way No, I have to go I turn you watch it. I'll hold you a bit up right calc that man I'll give you one of my old the tank teacher. Just that Wait Call that we have There's always a game Oh Oh Oh Onion nose Jay Both boys and55 You want my Compare Around It's Way to Floals One disease almost every day I am my bane, so smelly start to grow. I had the noise and the noise of noise. Yeah I am. Oh my god, follow my back. And we're closer and more with the old friend. And I know it's not real. We're quick old bane. Oh my god, follow my back. Oh I'm so sick and I'm so sick and I'm just not happy. Oh no that's not sleeping. Boy, pull the ball down. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. Oh my god, oh my god. It's run out of sycars. Oh my god, it's run out of sycars. 1245 at 5.60 WQM church is looking at porn or while we're in the break. What rug magas was that? Why don't we hand that on our website? We do. There are some huge humongous melons and whatever you're just looking at. It was a play boy celebrity thing and we get a lot of that material for it. Bobo, we should have like a whole thing on there. a thing? A thing? We should have a 우선. Well speaking of a bow-gryffan? Yeah. There's a policy dish and how do you like your pig? Huh? We say pork on here. Oh no, don't forget to buzz Oh, it's big enough morons. How about that mayor penis pecania who all of a sudden you know after you're like doing the vanishing act In 2000 my Algor was ready for his great support and he was gonna be the big Democrat and date County and help carry day for Algor and you I did and he went into hiding He was busy eating the tulipas now all of a sudden that he's running for a Senate now He's a great outspoken Democrat and the anti bush crusader and bush to this and Don Coral you on did that but I'm being by all of a sudden crap Anybody out there it avoids for mayor penis pecania man for the US Senate you ought to be like Contlatone a okay Brother bacon pork chops I see this cute oh your favorite poor sausage Jimmy Dean style back bacon. Mm-hmm. Peanial bacon. Oh What no, I get it now. I never would have called that well that's what they call it. There's so much of people. I'm gonna say Peanial Like I think it like just Supper pieces it's more than a meal For four five six a devil five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Somebody facts me this time olefans article from the evosting globe He says of all the business tycoons is assembling for the favorite parties convention this week None will get a warmer per filled welcome Then the finance personal finance scrub that's figured out how to improve prison 10s of ordinary Americans with interest charges Now the fees worthy of loan sharks They're profiteering on a growing mountain of death that's increasingly crucial to meeting expenses in a recovery That's in quotes marked by stagnant household income What ought to be called the userry business Has earned its can be are from president Bush's Republican party the banking insurance and real estate and just appointed up more than $25 million for Bush this year six times more than in 2000 and the biggest corporate supporter of all is it was four years ago is a monster called mbna The largest of all the independent credit card issuing companies that is now expanding its look at her thanks to Bush business worldwide It's now retired chairman Charles M. Colleep was an original Bush fundraising pioneer and still is one and its successes have continued the tradition of creating cash for national policy The president has earned his largest The least good he was ruling from Bush's treasury department for emptying all state laws notably in California That have sought to put a break on some of the most abusive credit card practices a remarkable flip flop for a conservative government supposedly respectful of states rights The campaign cash is also gushing because the personal finance people know Bush will back another Retempting Congress to make it harder from Americans to escape by a bankruptcy the debt or prisons constructed for them The userry industry now has another reason to give Bush money John carries this is you need to take aim at one of the most abusive of the credit card scams The sudden jacking up of interest charges on consumers who are making their car payments on time millions of Americans know too well how this works You must have payment on some other bill it could be a $50 phone bill and all of a sudden your credit card interest rates or anywhere from 30% To as much as 48% In the racket they call this universal default, but it amounts to change you in terms of a loan in the middle of a game Carry wood and this practice you announced last week with a stroke of a regulatory pen The finance business is also opposed and therefore so is Bush another care proposal that would require full disclosure to families of the Two cost of making only those these separately small minimum payments to the credit card bosses that they entice people to make The reason they do this is that they want to trap you in a high interest debt for as long as they can and telling you the two cost interferes with their business strategy For example on a credit card dead of $9,000 Power for the course minimum payments at 15% will keep you paying for 39 years at total cost of 23 grand The whole mortgage people trapping more and more Americans have modest as well as median means and the same kind of prisons aren't much better Here legislation is needed and for all those who listen to the Bush propaganda about Kenneth Kerry Center record a domestic version of the smear on his Vietnam service He's well known as one of housing's most consistent champions So called sub prime mortgages are an excellent way to help lowering companies make most important investment But they come at a very high cost many housing experts believe their unnecessary for half their person holders It's not a minor financial matter over 30 years A sub prime could cost an extra $400,000 plus on a typical home Naturally the real estate and finance folks backing Bush want a block here in protected gravy train Especially they want to protect the mechanism for abuse penalties for early peapayment delayed or balloon payments that request Still more financing and ridiculous insurance mandates requiring upfront payments no matter how long a mortgage is held As the census bureau reminded us last week incomes are stagnant three years in when anemic recovery at 43 grand median household income half-make more half-make less is actually lower than it was in 2000 For the rates tax cuts cover higher costs for everybody else they didn't come close to matching 50% crisis in health insurance premiums two dollar gallon gas higher local taxes and higher tuition expenses This means that for a huge portion the public debt is how people keep up with the current expenses and the user industry is doing its best to make sure that the elusive Rule is always just out of reach on top of all the other higher burdens on working families credit card and mortgage interest Scams have added something like 30 billion dollars To the burden of just getting by the big shots gathering here will make sure that Bush has no answer Carried does right stop all the fact, but they don't confuse the poor people with a fact I don't get it. I just don't understand it. They don't understand. That's why is that it? Why is it because caring that Democrats who do a such a good job of not explain Yeah, and attack a back not 11 they take the gotta be ripping him and go ask so to see that thing that I read about the focus groups That's where it's at they go to these focus groups and the problem with people in focus groups is that they do want to be perceived as nasty Because it's a very personal you know a few people in a room one I want oh no, we don't like dirty politics or attack politics this and the fact of the matter is people love it That's what they want they're salivating for it Nobody will say anything like oh we like sex and violence either, but that's the most popular of course there you go So this whole approach man, well, you know kid gloves and we don't want to do too many attack and you know 10 Kennedy in the Howard Dean were over the top and then they have to bring out Julie We're gonna try to pass it very well when his name be pan-be approach and I know Tom, what's his name? What is his name? All the fun no, I was from the home home Is it sure any time bridge well, how easy to forget yeah, and he would never do that I mean, Julie women the Democrats need to like put in my somewhere like summer camp would be good I'm sorry, no, get ready to go train to lock him up somewhere man 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line tomorrow is the primary day August 31 here. Can't you feel the excitement? Is it your daughter Betty Castro, huh? Is it near penis pecania? What a thought what a disgusting roti speaking of disgusting joined the crow today way to to get a whiff of him 5 to 7 at the mega liquor store located at 14657 southwest 56th street Miami Stopped a spin the QM wheel for some really crappy low budget embarrassing prizes That's with the crow today at mega liquor store on 147th Avenue Miller drive It's not a fact they probably figure out that when you see those prizes you'll start boozing at a big time the good for business I'm telling you WQAM hello Okay, that's here's the last one QAM hello. Yeah, I got a highly classified spy report sounds like what do you do me? I have some news that's hard all the presses somebody else in some other chronic. Yeah, it hasn't even been registered in the news So I'm gonna give it to you direct Yeah, this is the exact route of the hurricane once at his land are you ready? huh Correct them five six seven oh five sixty pound five six the on a AT&T had something to do with the brine and stuff I don't know what that's all about and even though they knew each other QAM hello Hey, you know how's it going pretty good? I'd like to know your take on Black Catholics Just how many are there? Oh, I'm third man five six seven oh five six eight pound five sixty on a year big dump on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Now one call we're doing screenless here and I won call this is the first time this is happened in the All the lights are hot and a long time and a very long time. I can't I it's been a coincidence Since the last time that I can think that this has happened on a screenless we're just a little long here Singin a song. I guess they're all I publics at home depot. There you go Getting this quick they're buying a masking tape and a vis-a-queen and then the plywood and the two by foes All that stuff what are they doing the two by four? What do you do with one of those? Yeah, especially if you Todd Dreck oh there they go all of a sudden I guess they were just sitting back hanging on Tom all offense words there's what it was I made me the cut-hink confused with Mary Ellen elephant that must be easy they look to say yeah No, she's more like the show Griffin QAM hello Neil please take George off the end WQM if we did today QM hello Yes, sir. Well Neil you were right once again and I am sure if I wanted to write about and what is that? This morning I walked into a crispy crane just to try out the donuts and the coffee They pulled him right off the rack as they were coming out freshly made and it was the most Tasty as thing I've ever stuck in my mouth. I'll bet that's not why I'm here WQM hello Norcuss as the hurricane may some go WQM hello Hey Neil, yes, sir. I used to call you long time ago Honey one and you thought it was boring then it's still boring. Okay great WQM hello I guess he's talking about his calls yes, sir Thanks for wherever you are You're right I'm sure do you Good that's the idea He did a dang good job in spite of what Gregory said He's done a one-degree is the anti-Christ. They don't appreciate nothing from nobody I think bastard George did a 180 this summer and Really or two also I still said couple double any weird a few queries do okay. Thanks, Pally George appreciate that let's see a new splash And New York's Kennedy airport today and individual leaders coming to be a teacher from Queens was arrested trying to board a fly-wow position of a ruler a protractor a set square a slide ruler the calculator. Oh, this is really a clever Oh, this is so sad. Man, he and Miami this joke is older than the food was grandpa. Okay. Oh, God So good to be back it's out Yeah, you notice I fact that right to you when we got it I was just thinking that about how great it is to be able to see these facts that you screen out to my hands See the good stuff When you shop for quality food where a great selection professional service where else would you go besides brandies and pop-up? It would be you have to be crazy to shop any bit or play sells because it brandies It's an unbeatable combination the biggest election men's women's name brand shoes the best service and the best prices in town Period top-quality names like rock port floor shine S.A.S. Spirit Timberland naturalized over lots more with a humongous election Gueranty a vegetarian race life on it whatever you're looking for isn't stuck right now to slap on your feet right this is open daily Monday through Saturday nine to nine Sundays 10 to five and you'll find them at 12 90 North Federal Highway in Palman, Omeets is always worth the trip no matter where you are and right now all this week At brandies is a great time to buy S.A.S. all great men's women's S.A. Issues 25% off so be sure and give them the shortest week or visit them on the web at brandieshoos.com Okay From to to our Hi, babe American girls In American guys who only listen to the message from the Uber ride will have their tables offline As the troops come home near They find the comfort of the night I'm under the bed I never served in the army. I'm too afraid of fact So I sit right here near the TV far from liberal Last under the covers you'll discover I'm a big decision There would prefer to add some other do the fighting for play now this country I love is hockey fine And I rock and all the suckers like me who's next are bread in the back Have our tongues all placed firmly in Mushu big brown eye the big mouth hours of the world who gladly follow Fly Hey, up the same up to a parade To follow in less but you can count on me to watch me be in shame My best and my flag will fly from the back of my truck I can't any out of pseudo-pantry I don't fucking My view will be pulled by for is what I see on Foxy Yeah, I'm an armed terror warrior You know it's better than you You Come in I'm an in-bred jerk who parrots anything they say Don't have to read or assert it so much easier this way Do watch TV or look at pictures With my finger up I have and a jiggle my brain I'm going to fall through a parade to fat or enlist But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my face Yeah, that's not over my fly So I can pull on my foot Good I'm going to show the spots that could tattoo on my nuts the sardines are our best friends in the world not those Iraqis or All Yeah, I'm an armed terror warrior No better The big of a dude's find when it is really a spine of Pentagon I just don't know if that's a sneakic proper game. I don't just read I started that good. It's a couple of what's said One oh three at five 60 see what do you expect it America where you deal with a bunch of people especially in this part of the neck of the woods People manamana memory talked about yeah one day just mentioned passing and all the summer Forming off the hook and George was like psychotic the eight million phone calls about manamana Manamana that's what that turns America on man is cocky still in this foolishness crap Yeah, that's it Man we have a 99 sure VT plan In fact, maybe tomorrow play four hours probably get a 110 sure. Oh, they have that so early Florida move on just email this. It says your Florida move on member tomorrow August 31st Don't just vote in Florida's primary election help make sure the all the votes count In 2000 irregularities plague the general election everything from voters being intimidated being wrongfully turned away You can help by reporting on your experience and taking note of any regularities you see here in Instagram Like I'll link to a click on a report Florida ACAU people for the American way The advancement project LCC voter projection project protection pro and the American Federation of State and County Municipal Police are working together to make sure that all those Of voters can vote that their votes are counted, but if they they can't be everywhere especially in the primary Florida's being watched not just because it's expected to be a close race in November, but because there's been a history of serious voter disenfranchisement and it continues today Just a few weeks ago Bob Herbert from the New York Times wrote members about the about members of the Florida State Police remember I read that on here New York Times yes and agency they reports to fat ask of it Or jab bush interrogating and intimidating elderly black voters while ostensibly part of a fraud investigation when people being selected to random Several of those targeted were members of the Orlando League of voters group that's registered record numbers of African Americans to vote Others targeted were first time voters brought up by organizing the efforts The result of the so-called investigation was a chilling effect with volunteers afraid to take part and get out the voter efforts and voters afraid of having contact with organizers There's a lot writing out the upcoming elections in Florida can help make sure they're fair So this Tuesday tomorrow keep your eyes and your ears and even your back to open and if you see anything Questionable take a moment to report here. It's got a link, okay? So go to move on dot org and When it does check it out Because you know there's gonna be plenty of crap going on. Oh no, not in Florida Not what our fat ask governor just happens to be the brother of the president and cause him a three in a morning saying don't worry If it's in you one stuff like that and after we sell a poor how come she isn't in jail up there with her butterflies 5 670 5 60 how how come she's still working? You people in Palm Beach man you need some serious oven if you write it pap you can and again No, seriously they're gonna be they're gonna be drawing that connected arrow. They're gonna connect it to pat the Buchanan rectum what they're gonna do is what I heard silly old lunatics up in Palm Beach County Oh WQ AMLO I need a sir You'll meet your own info for my radio. Hey, you know real favorite people that Shab is appointed a couple of judges Then you grow our town. He wanted to ailment and another one is I don't know who in their up for I guess whenever they go for the judges there up to Again some other people and I like for you to get out their names if you don't mind and let's try to get there now Where am I gonna get that I guess I'll have to get the uh look at a newspaper how do I know? Somebody else somebody will call can I Judges fine, unless you don't worry about the courts it about the judges We we have nine when we have nine fascins on a Supreme Court when we get rid of those a couple of pain in the ass liberals are left on there Then we'll be okay. Then we'll be safe right and then rent quiz in the end retire and you know will be rich We'll be any more terrible exactly and the current's time is can talk all he likes a lot of time Tag George old Sims and good stuff WQM hello Meal yes, sir. Yes, hey, I got my my primary FNT ballot. Yeah last week. Yeah. I am very very suspicious of it The reason why is that I'm a friend of mine from North to me, you know, facts are copied about it has their voter ID and Name and everything on You want to go to that one and get your own and then you can go twice okay, but you've got all mighty I Thought the Olympics was over, okay Yeah, I saw some closings Well, okay, so these people ought to find some bells to do now. Do I have to QM hello? What is it? But it's speaking What's having a pound? How you doing? All right, I got a little bit of a fire for here. Okay, pre-booting week or a couple weeks ahead Your friend Marion all of fun is that the fooders and pepper fine lobbying for both yeah I just like the other okay. Well, listen big boobs. I'll hang out at hooters What do you expect? She's at the hooters in the pepper Let me just have a pair. Maybe she wants to make a big splash. You never know Not as big as Schroer Griffin, but you know, well, nobody's that big nobody is boy. He's just enormous Can you imagine who wouldn't fit in the hall though? And now woman has a B M N the Earth's largest Well, didn't she in California? I wanted to have in so many quakes God Almighty she must weigh at least 600 pounds as satis custing phony as bitch and by the way We like Joe Costello. Okay, but I don't come back in his building ever again. That's what Greg said So anyway, I tell you what Todd Rex said about Greg read this morning with I think was scandalous I think there's a suit involved there myself and fact Greg was wearing it the past the old race suit when it came in today I thought it was the new suit Anytime he comes in there, which you notice he comes in for about 30 seconds and runs away because he knows that I'm on a year And we'll be able to come in here. I'll tell him what I'm more on he is You always I can do is like say about his haircut or his suit because it's nothing else going there. You know Although he just had that short-faggy haircut Right now for limited time only can save more than ever before on top selling mattresses from dial-a-maxpress call 1-800-max today For extra discounts above and beyond they're already every day low-factory direct prices Plus now you can extra 10% off on service perfectly for magnolia Combined these savings with the dial-a-maxpress award winning service They're ranked number one and overall customer satisfaction of winners of the 2004 better business Bureau of local torts of excellence award you can't be them with a stick and of course don't forget about their on-time delivery policy That lets you pick the two-hour window that you want your mattress delivered and you'll be a satisfied customer like I've been for years If you have a college student need a vetting pick up that phone right now call 1-800-max You can get yourself same day to deliver to all major colleges and universities from Miami to Maine from Candle the Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers Now to mattress deliver the finest betting around anywhere all of the smart folks if you am in some hall to Swift either of called 1-800-max It's the easiest piece of shopping you can do just sit there on your fat smelly ass and make that call right now 1-800-max or check them on the web at mattress.com 1-800-MATT-R-E-S 5-6-2-A-N On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I can't believe you said goodbye 24-4-8 We keep our can you do this? Our water's true to my eggs And slick your pride with my greasy nose I have no watch you Rather sofas flip now I'm pulling up our eyes for the season Yeah, hot You dash my hopes up very please There's way more for my eyes For no other reasons As I bust some clothes and shoes There's a way to see in my trailer And then I find you no longer here You gather day high nights at your failure And rob the hearts full of the scorched winds I know what the season sounds Now we go to the ground It's your clothes I want in my mouth I don't think I've ever lost my eyes Back to like school radio Yeah I don't think I've lost my fear I don't think I've lost my fear Welcome 150-5-60-WM We got your MADS to Mad Dog to a clock Poor clocking at Mohour David and we'll could be I don't know See, you know somebody knows Oh yeah somebody knows And they could tell me and I could say in confidence Don't just breathe the word of this And that would mean everybody to building those Who's when he's coming back Because you'll notice the tip of me is those regions that we have Or whatever they are in right Let's say how we're stirring Neil and Mad Dog in the hammer Right The hammer, now he's mold the hammer I mean that's the I mean people like that tacky with the hammer Right And he has to try to dig his claws In a certain people around here as you should probably know I think that's a closet is contract But anyway he may be going nearby by We'll find out when he's going to be a big day around here Now do you think there's going to be like Some kind of announcement? Well I know where we'll find out Very jackass tomorrow That's right You want to look like Regus thinking Look Regus saying just read the very jackass column in a hero That's where we'll find out the internal memos As Greg puts the words in Barry's mouth Kind of like a ventriloquist or whatever 5-6-7-0-5-60 6-6-7-2-0-5-10 6-6-1-8-t For dialogue Dat Paulins died Lehigh To see back He's 17-1-0-20 Leanback Not in a kanske He's so old in mind well you are so slow down here you got uh... yeah uh... got all mighty what is that called georia howard's uh... geordas howard's turn open it is i don't see it there's for real there's not even in here damn it Josh yeah nice going trash well jackiest to busy uh... he's busy all right doing something w qaim hello no yes sir are you sir sensational uh... you think paupino park at a four-year-old generator that's all i got w qaim hello you sir the police have passed at that haven they have you doing outstanding how are you i'm doing i came back to visit my parents for weekend or so sorry i was going to come on to long ago and trust me on my way back to the airport right now and i've been changed i wish i was so proud we can add you six years ago and i've tried to make second time back well and the other part was coming back and listening to you and seeing how much of this that's for has a change yeah it's the same piece of craft same subject and and it's a reason you know i'm a listen to the show says i was this morning and the car is having change no no no because they haven't found any material i think i'm sure it's part of their looking but they still have a party and yeah they still hate you they still hate George anything is right they're still listening they just wanted to call and tell all and and we have regardless of some still around but i'm not very close well have a great life haven 50 charged see ya hi and this there's definitely nothing now but you can hear that that's turn in a fan what if you add that not yet at fun equipment that i show i say get rid of all the reporters and go back to us nice safe to be saying you're going to lose the dolphin who needs a dolphin you need to go why we're going to do so well now yeah i might even decide to pay bokeh anybody see my dance how much do i see well what did you do that for even like what i call them you know what was that you know three goals uh i think flat around your shoe what you need to have a i think they've been my two years yeah i don't even get the i have to do that i have to do that i have to do that i have to do that i have to do that now now you you you i think the story show was off now what we did i don't know is your john today i think it's a pregnant pause maybe a robin has something now guys let's just relax why don't you i love it if i get the surgery or sounds i'm qa i am like that and my husband and background making all of those noises it's a beautiful thing only you have to really see it small toy showing an airplane flying in the world threats and a were packed inside some more than 14,000 bags of candy since a small groceries around the country before being recalled do you see this story? yeah licey corporation the whole set of that distributed a candy said Friday that the toys were purchased in bulk from a Miami based import company what a shock the toys came in the sort of purchased site unseen from elin and imported Miami and uh and included the toys depicting the 9-11 2000 monetac on the twin powers whistles and other small toys said Luis padron licey's national sales manager padron see el padron the invoice said the toy was a plastic swing said i hate to blame the importer he probably didn't know what he was getting he brings them in 44 containers but whoever made it to exactly what they were making padron said ill padrino padron said licey did not notice this small plastic figurines until two people complained but there's no mistaking what the toys represented at the bottom of each is the end prize the product number nine-01 when we found out what happened we called them immediately said padron who said the toys made in china do not reflect his company's view i was offended by them how do you like those china man huh what did they do this time i don't know something senseless or dog they did when they are rolling thing i saw that i saw that i saw that my total about four and a minute to do a little bit much too much it's about right yeah they can call anything a sport you know oh yeah it's a sport and i still say they already got the gimpolimpics why did they have like wheelchair guy they got the gale in pixel why did they have the whole of end the first place just so they could go back and Athens again and do Greek is that it record all of all the just see the closing ceremonies when they had that giant joint no i didn't know that was great oh yeah i'm sure that they were sent to see a giant joint big fatty uh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and for wise and wireless line so i haven't also agrees with me you come back your very briefly yes you know it's yeah it changes colors change these are the same calls we have how many years ago i've turned it same people rich yeah you were boring then i call it in and you're boring now and the George socks and you're great you're so you suck and George is the same mouth contains miserable no good but hey it's great the money's good money's great do you want to know well greetings and welcome back you've been winnest to you and George yeah i love your heart you know this would be ultimate summer for George and he gives no appreciation from Greg who ought to come in here give him a full mouth kiss i don't care what's a functional and literally to call it herapt in safe and health we love them we love it that's what it's all a build man it's what makes it entertaining you scoffer second toilet well i just wanted to make one point because i'm getting real part of this election i was afraid it's gonna happen when carrying the help down the knob nomination too early i'm trying to hear all these veterans up in their chat about whether carry fake is right here here's the point here's what's your missing and that is carry is getting sucked right in well why is he responding the way he is instead of attacking a wall bush and the draft dodging chaney why isn't he talking about the fact that all he's trying to do is change the subject and talking about the real record of the war in a rack and all the dead people and the crappy state of the economy all the assurances over the veterans and everybody in the middle class why is he talking about those things instead of getting sucked in if we can't spend much more to all about crap okay i think our philosophy should be listening to you yeah i won't want i won't tell the truth about you if you don't lie about me well isn't that great yeah i mean we don't need a whimp like john carry we need somebody with some balls man there you go that's what we need you know so facts they deep six the him if we just hang on for four years but uh you know are you are my four more years of this no no we got here in a bush absolutely i won't be for four years you must be dreaming man i wouldn't care if Gilbert was running i think i'm another one you're not even mentioned i'm right in the men but by the way uh you know it may be someone should take no the fact with raking the shutdown all the VA hospital right so these speedboat guys could have got the mental health they need so we would be messing with our election there we go well i've got you know something i blame the democratic part of us in that for a long time there were Republicans we know there are a bunch of Nazi vaster's in there we know what it's all about the democrats it's right there for the takin and they always find a way to fumble a ball man we need to stop worried about kissing people off and go and take it to the street they're like mark pigs they always find a way to a fumble a ball have a great day pali you can i can pick on higgy who's there who's the one we got what's the one what would they're pollen run mark pigs no not mark pigs fumble a ball semi-spir it Sammy's not very good George get the sports one oh no oh that's all that Olympic stuff you know i got Smith polish holy molly yesterday下面's verfumble the ball we live up on all the way i can devastally put pressure yesterday I'm going to cry in the show. By the way, if you ever make announcements where we're going to be having me dolphin fans to decide meetings, it's going to be a group group deal. Oh yeah, bring the guy. A group group. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You don't forget join the crow, Warren Crow Marty, baby. The X Macho X-Spo. What? He's an X-Spo, man. You can't be an X-Spo. No. Do you want to quote today 5-7th, the mega-lickers store at 146-57 Southwest 56 media in Miami, you know how assembling this IE. Stop by the spin at QM Wheel for some really embarrassing humiliating, the greating cheap prizes. That's with the crow today. He smells real good. At the mega-lickers store at 147-0. His Miller drives. New York sings at Neil Rogers. The Grinsor will be the five-suffin' chance. You A-A. It's there. Oh, oh! In Miami town. The Coopers have five six-Sos. W-Q-A. Number one with four bullets. 10. She's wearing the way we're now. Looks like the trigger will start. Smells like the funny roll-off. Corporate Boy Shaps' body fails, and I've got to memorize my bow. That's the... That's the... Get my big point, she's alive. She raised four prison-to-clow. That's where boys get money down in my head. The team says me over the crack, and she raised four prison-to-clow. She's a trouxer. And she's got great kill on me. Rhyme and her dad said, why so boy? What's like he's married in a former golden queen and a son in town? Money down in my head. She doesn't mean to fall off. As if she's always alive. She's with a when she's hot. Corporate Boy Shaps' body down in my head. How? She's got a huge point. And she's got a good show. How did boys feel me reaching back? And smell so nice, so nice and so nice. And all big hands. Corporate Boy Shaps' body down in my head. And I've got to memorize my bow. Oh, rock. Bye bye, baby. Tell me, bye bye. Bye bye, bye. Bye bye, baby. How you and the boys got a safe trip. And I've got to go, I've got to stay safe. And I've got to go, I've got to go. No one around here is wrong of me. You're right at a mattress and you're too tired of me. You're going to be a lie. I've got to go, I've got to go. Bye bye, baby. I've got to go, I've got to go. I've got to go, I've got to go. I think they're just a little bonus for their 26 till 2 at 5, 60 W2. I'm mad dog at 2, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, who was that? Home invader, I don't know. What was that all about? Obviously he brought somebody in the meet you. Miguel, and some guy marches in here. Like I open a mic and I start to say something. And they march right now. I've got to go. Obviously wanted to catch you during a break to introduce you to somebody. Maybe somebody knew here. Some of the works here? I don't know. Maybe like another new sales nerd. I don't know who that was. I don't know who that guy came in. Did we had Adam was in here? Sure. And first we had Fat Boy. Not really. Unfortunately, much too long, more than 36 is much too long. And we didn't have no screen. No, Lulu. Now you know, it's how usually when I come back for a, usually leads the parade. Usually leads a whole parade. The group needs because of the fact that I refused to succumb to her advances. Conductive advances over the phone. He's playing hard to get, I guess. Oh, brother. Stay away, bitch. Can't stomach you. Five, six. I can just give them. Number WQM. Hello. QAM. Not there. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I was coming about to God that made the statement about Catholic. Yeah, good. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? All right. Hey, how's the phone hangs up after you like the security frame? Listen, pretty little notes. One, I don't know if you've seen a sample baller for a day, but we're already in trouble. Because the commission is one of like, well, this is not a box. Is this not any fox doing a voice? No, no. Oh, anyway, I like to say fox and coherent. Well, listen, they got two proposals up for the commission's right. Yeah. What is the most applied or showers? Yeah. All your phone is making 40 sounds. We can't keep it on here. Well, we can't keep it. Look. Oh, it's bad enough if we make the 40 sounds. But when you're falling, even like trying to make 40 cars, at that point, the entire FCC will be done on your ass in no time. WQM, hello. Yes, I like the bid $12. I'm most happy. It's on a QAM website. So, okay, so all the American. Sorry. We ought to auction that thing off, you know? That's a whole bunch of charity for most favor charity, right? At his least favorite piece for our most favorite charity. That sounds like a winner to me. It's in the bag. WQM, hello. QAM. That could have been the best call of this hour, except for Evan. WQM, hello. I am Neil. Yes, sir. For a lunch hour, I just want to say, sit down. WQM, hello. How you doing? Good. You're online. Hello. Yes, sir. Speak to me. I'm still on good. Just like eight seconds ago, doing great. How are you doing? I'm doing great. Good. I want to talk about commission. This year's seven. Yes. It gave you a try. What do you think about that? He, if it's funny, you should mention that because he came knocking on my door to a clock this morning. It was bathroom. I thought it was on usual because I live in Broward. 567, 0560, pound five60 on the AT&T. It's like I said. He, if I were to ask it to same old crap, I can't let him sleep Clark to make it come back. That'll be great. So what do you think about it? Just pop him up in a chair with a bottle in his hand. It'll be fantastic. Go, Stevie Clark. WQM. How about that Maurice for Ray, too? WQM, hello. Hello. I agree with the rest of the call. George is a fabulous one. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. WQM, hello. Pretty good. Yes, sir. What do you want? What do you want? George for Ray, this bottle bottle. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. The comment about the sports broadcasting radio system covered up. The comment about the sports casting radio system covering up. Yeah, the last week. What about Tuesday? Yeah. Yeah. That comment was completely ridiculous. What comment are you talking about? What comment? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What language are you speaking? It's something credible. I don't know, I agree. I think it's absolutely. I'm pretty good. WQM, see the good stuff coming. You need to get yours. QM, oh man, I was online. What is it? Real, what? We're waiting. We're waiting, man. Oh, sorry. Why the go, why the go? Yeah. WQM, hello. Hey, what are you doing? Yes. Yeah, we see Mark with the little shoe. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. What do you think about our Alex Finals as our center rock? He's an idiot. He's an embassy. He's a phony man. He's as phony as a 42 and a dollar bill. What do I think about his center run? I think about a run for the hills. The same guy that the stabbed Al Gore in a back in 2000 with his support. All we needed was another how many votes to do it? But I turned him in. That's all. Then they couldn't have stole on the election from Gore. But instead all of a sudden he went into hiding. And now he's missed a big anti bush and bushes there. And by and he's missed a big Democrat because all he cares about is himself. Okay. I hope that somebody knocks one minute. He had a right off his shoulder. All right. Not the head. Yeah. That's it. Why me in the end? We haven't played that in a long time. No, we haven't. The parrot on his shoulder. That's what I said to him. Why me in the end? Maybe. Maybe. He's a funny tragedy. Who's with one baby? I mean, you got to off the event wagon. Is that what you're saying? Why me in the end? I don't know what's the baby. Who's with one in the end? I'm gonna hit another. The part of the airport. You know what? You're a little bit too. Probably Schmerin of here in the world. He's got the German scholar. He's got the German scholar. He's a very good man. We wish he came. Back in the day, well, yeah. I'll gladly tell you some more now. When you had some material. Because I want me to. Hey, great. But the news with one baby. I'm not your baby. My name is one baby. I'm not. One baby. I'm not. Maybe. Look at this. Here's the coverage pattern. Somebody just asked me for buzz. What if we point one? This is bad news, man. Take a look at that. Oh my God. Wow. It shows you covers all the way up to zero. And for peers, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, and for teens, And for teens, and for teens, and When you had some funny dot, this part plus just right in front of us. But on every side. And on every side. That can i should. I think i would've been getting a good thought up to Korea, so i guess on this point. It is just that it released most of the other December. Cause the world has never died of the same heat that was close to the war in the past, mentally uncent-cut. Do it every day. Going for a good rye of the fog, going for a great world. I'm gonna share it and spread those words to the ball. There's room with you, let's see. There's a friend love of the tower. I thought when those are someone's call, you, Matter of the ball. Everybody, hey, separate, buddy, all the time. So I'm glad you're here to do something. Stop it in the free to walk in from Papa No. 14, go to it five, six, you got the maddole coming up at two o'clock. I see it a bullpen, my good friend, Ken Maldon's in there, and Russ and Robert, and what's his name? Curtis. And I'm sure it'd be morning all of the stuff that's going on. That's what I think. I'll leave in Josh and message. Josh, Curtis. I think I'd have seen him by now, but I thought I'd have given an important message about things. About seeing him. That too. For you know, the Seattle Times now, I had this on a website a few days ago, but haven't only been on last Thursday, I think, because you probably didn't read this Friday. I don't know. Seattle Times endorses Kerry, they endorsed Bush last time. Right. Since four years ago, this page endorsed George W. Bush or President, we cannot do so again, because of an ill-conceived war in its aftermath on discipline spending, a shrinkage of constitutional rights, and an intrusive social agenda. The Bush presidency is not what we had in mind. Our endorsement of John Kerry is not without reservations, but he is head and shoulders above the incumbent. The first issue is the war. When the Bush administration began beating the drums for war on a rackless page said repeatedly that he had not justified it, when work came this page closed ranks wanted to support our troops and give the president the benefit of the doubt. The troops deserved it, and hindsight, their command to achieve did not. The first priority of a new president must be the end of military occupation of Iraq. This will be no easy task, but Kerry is more likely to do it, and with some understanding of Middle Eastern realities than his Bush. The election of Kerry would sweep away Neil Conservative war intellectuals who drive policy at the White House in Pentagon, it would end the backdoor draft of American reserveist and the use of American soldiers as Imperial Police, it would also provide a chance to prepare America's overseas relationships both with the governments and people, especially in the world of Islam. A less-beligerate more intelligent foreign policy should cause less anger to be directed at the U.S. A political change to allow Americans to examine the powers they've given the federal government under the Patriot Act, and the powers the president has claimed by executive order. This page had high hopes for President Bush regarding taxing and spending, we endorsed his cut-and-income tax, expecting that it would help business and discipline new public spending. In the end there was no discipline in it, and controlled the Senate the House and the presidency for the first time in half a century, the Republicans have had a celebration of spending. Kerry has made many promises, and might spend as much as Bush had given a Congress under control of the Democrats, he is more likely to get it a bodyguetment which may be a good thing. Bush was also supposed to be the candidate who understood business. In some ways he has, but he's often too often been the candidate of big business only, he has sided with pharmaceutical companies against drug imports from Canada, they. In our own industry, the Bush appointees on the FCC of Push to Relax restrictions on how many TV stations, radio stations and newspapers, one company may own, in an industry that is the steward of the public's right to speak. This is a threat to democracy itself and Kerry is stood up against it. Bush talked like the candidate of free trade, a policy that Pacific Northwest relies upon, he turned protectionist on steel and Canadian lumber. Admittedly, Kerry's campaign rhetoric is even worse on trade, but for the previous 20 years, Kerry had a strong record in support of trade, and we've learned that the best guy of what politicians do is what they've done in the past, not what they say. On some matters, we always had to hold our noses to endure Bush, to endorse Bush, we noted four years ago that he was too willing to toss aside wild nature, and to drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, we still disagree. I'm clean air forced and fish we generally side with Kerry. We also agree with Senator Kerry that social security should not offer private accounts. Four years ago, we stated that our profound disagreement with Bush on abortion, and then in one of his first acts as president of the moved-rein state of ban on federal money, for organizations that provide information about abortions overseas. We disagree also with Bush's ban on federal money for research using any guidelines and stem cells. The reason these positions of presidential blending of politics and religion that is wrong for the government of a diverse republic are largest out about Kerry's idea that the federal that may be stabilized and doesn't have new programs added merely by raising taxes on the top 2% of Americans. Class warfare is a false promise and we hope he forgets it. Certainly, the man now at office forgot some of the things he said so fetchingly four years ago, fetchingly. I don't think he could, I don't think he could find it. His dog might. So now to see how the times endorses Kerry, like they said, they apologize for their bad mistake they made four years ago, and a lot of you ought to apologize to us, especially you idiots that continue with his natercraft. What is that all about? Insanity. How stupid you have to be. How stupid. It's the old SS. We got the SS with Bush and the Neocons and Nazis. Now we got the stupid and stubborn crowd. The principle of the thing, the principle of the thing. The principle of putting these Nazis in there for another four years for a dot-ring old fool. I'm the one who thinks that this is the one who's the part of this thing. Oh, yeah, something. Why do you say that you're democracy? Why do you Democrats afraid of democracy? You sound just like Ralph Nader and Robert Greeperquake. Let me try this way. Yeah. Oh, man. I'd rather have you write in a papy of canon. How do you like that? Like we're growling wood. Yeah. He probably is. Ha ha ha ha. What's that? What's that? We're in such a coming on. Yeah. Right over the blood. Oh, is that it? That's not necessarily the hopper I'm going to tell you that I hear he's coming back Wednesday. That's a pop of this kettle butt. But that's the rumor. But that's the rumor that Troy Stradford's pedaling around the building. But then again, we like toys. If we go, remember 23 from the offense. He never fumbled a boss because they never give it to him. And probably a pretty good idea. Oh, and speaking of the dolphins, is it going to be a bad sea or a man? That's why there are so many scrolling man. We're going to be bad. If you're one-tarrer. We're making that big move right now. So maybe the playoffs again early for out of a wild card. They got a whole month to go. But the dolphins, man, it's going to be bad. I'm thinking six in the 10 myself. That's what I'm thinking. And how they're going to win that six would Jay Feele when AJ Feeley and Goodie and Dave want to be. That's pathetic, man. They don't have a coach. They're not going to quarterback. They don't have a running back. I wouldn't have that. They're dynamite. They get them colors. They be JJ. Okay. Not Jimmy Johnson. JJ Walker would be good. I don't know. Anyway, my Ramblenats because it's almost too a clock. Or even even though we started at 10, like we'll be doing all week long because the steering's on his 85th vacation this month. It went by okay, you know. Better you than me. No, when I want you to say that they want you back, man. Yeah, yeah. Who's there? I'm like, what the all these agupals, all these heavy breathing idiots. I couldn't get laid in the horror house. All these people in from losing it. I think a lot of the people that listen to us, they were in losing it. I know John Stockwell was in it. What a shame. Animal Coats toughler is best Asian buffet is proud to announce the arrival of Team Fest. Why? It's called Shrimp Fest, okay. He may not be here today. Josh, please got to do some more. Team. His shrimp is here. Come in on a weekend and enjoy grilled. Team. See him. Scampy. And why do they have that in the here twice? See him. I guess they can work harder. See him. Campy. Cocktail. See him. And peel it. You'll never leave out an empty stomach. You'll be full to the, uh, pupic. You can start off a fantastic feast with six different soups. And then sample dozens of delicious on phrase including New York. Strip made order if they're sizzling Asian grilled their brand new whoon on fish. They've got handcar perma waiting on either new Thai special. And don't forget, where the fine things about Animal Coats is, you'll never walk out of there with the MSC headache because they don't use any MST. No cornstarch. No crap. They cook only all their good stuff with cholesterol for eagles too. And they're ready at the Animal Coats features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup and their brand new sushi bar to even Greg would enjoy that. And because you deserve it, Animal Coats has a full dessert station too, featuring Belgian waffles. And I mentioned about the chocolate banana waffle I had the last week. I think you did. Oh my god, that was just a scene. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit to perfect ending to what Johnny Anick feast at the Animal Coats. Now with three locations for you, they're in Pemberpine, sunny hours and in sunrise. So take the entire family or book your next business lunch and right now. Take on and deliver your available too. They're voted number one, numerous Uno buys to get restaurant reviews and by hysterical WSVN news, it's not for it as best Asian buffet. For info directions call 9-5-4-5-7-2-3-822-9-5-4-5-7-2-3822 the Unbeatable Animal Coats Chinese buffet. You're listening to Neil Rodjitz Crucily on my section. The Banana Republic baby only in Miami. They raise the tear level high and down we're free. I'm going to die. I'm worried. Not happy. They say how good I have a chance and I think I just feed my fans. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. They say how good I am. They say how good I am. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried.