There is major major big news today. F***! F***ing fired up when I hear someone say that. F***ing fired up when I hear someone say that. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. F***ing fired up when I hear someone say that. Right, we're not. One, two, three, four, five, six, five, six. You got the watch, one, you swear you better or else. You'll find sad, you'll find sad. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. F***ing fired up when I hear someone say that. Oh, what did they say? It's not three, three. So, if you are my late, remember your a miracle, for it's now you to give up and fast, make the super-sum-wraith thingers. We'll kill you in a way that they've achieved. You'll miss a sweet say. Not as we do. The last of the days they won the magic I do. The magic I do. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. The work's done in a few more times. 10.02.5.60. WDQ always just reaching back on the effects machine there. Just putting something out. It's okay. That's a bad news, folks. Got some very, very bad news. I don't want to be the beer of ill tidings. Over the whole that saying goes, but however the f*** that saying goes, there you go. But I haven't tried to tell you when you people, I mean some of you are getting it. We appreciate tremendous response on that stuff. FCC.com petition keep it going. Talk to Tom Jickolass night. He talked to a Scott who started the whole deal. And is going to be a story in Jickolass column in the Sun Sentinel. I believe on Saturday he said, which is good. Thanks a lot, Tommy. You're okay. These days. But. Maybe the news I have to pass along today. Maybe finally this will penetrate the skulls of some people out there who think that, well, it's all about Howard Stern. He's filthy or it's all about the bubble of the lot of spawns. He was filthy or whatever. It's about fascism, man. Live and well in America. It is scary. Before we, let me just get all the other stuff out of the way first. Okay. Okay. Because I want them to strap themselves in and listen very carefully. And then when we take a look at the new poll today, that'll give you an idea where we're going. Oh my god, speaking of taking a look, Drew Garamor. That's a great picture. I didn't see which one. I mean, I said it off. But wow. Let me commend you on your magnificent taste and pictures. Hey. We can't describe it because that would involve certain parts of the anatomy. But behind the B-Doo curtain, which if you're over the age of 70, you're old enough to be able to look at that. And you must have ID. You must hold your ID up to the monitor screens of the John Askrock from. Can personally eyeball it. Okay. Can we take a look at it? We can take a peek at it. Yeah, we can say aye. We can say aye. He, aye. I, f***. It. He can aye it. Okay. 1548 votes on yesterday's pool. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? But I think with Jigs last time in West Fall and Denise Poppan and Bill Tory. Pop, pop, pop. There was a hell of a great angle. And on 50 saves by Babel O'Wongo. But man, pop, pop, pop. A lot of stuff. If you'd have an islander fan was pretty ponderous. What was a great angle on A-way? A gym manage 280 nobody comes close to the mad dog. A ranked is pulled big time. Howard Co. sell 153. I don't care about sports 144 9.3%. Harry, carry 103 rest in peace. Al Michael's 99, John Madden 96, Mal Allen 80. Howard David, who got some early questionable votes, slid down the ladder. Just as the muskrat was sliding down his forehead. Howard David at 58. Keep Jackson 54. Kurt Gaudy 49. Rick Weaver 37. Marvellous 33. Bob Prince and Vince Kullie each head. Bob 30 man. Boots shall be 26. We love the booster. Red Barber 23. Pat Summer all 21. Joe Angel 20. Jack Buck 19. Fred Q. 617. Hank O'BERS 16. Those in for 15. O'BERS 15. O'BERS 15. Joe's a Gackie 13. Oh my God. Wow. Dan Kelly 10. Foster who at nine race got nine. Joe Bowen 8. Bob you for eight. Not you, but you for you. You of them. You for five. That's University of Michigan. Dick Bytelle, a Chuck Thompson 8. Dizzy Dean 7 who slut into third. Jiz McDonald 7. Chick-Hurne 7. Jackie Stewart 7. Oh, it is Blumen guts. Mike Langley 4, which I know where all those penguins people are. What's that all about? Jack Rimmer 3. So Rimmer voted twice in Feral once. Joe Buck 3. George Cal 3 and poor Bill he would only head to. Because everybody thinks he's foster he would put them both dead. Anyway, that's yesterday's pull on sportscatches. Almost 1600 votes. Thank you. Now. Let's see. Another deadly car bombing today. What a correct the on our website. And Eric don't don't bother changing the story. Because there is all these different stories. The story that we had said 29 dead in the hotel bombing and Baghdad yesterday. Then they changed it to 17. Now the Iraqi police are saying only six. So I guess, you know, they're trying to match the body parts and all that stuff. This is another story. After a deadly car bomb level of the hotel in Baghdad. Another car bomb went off near hotel in the southeast city of Bosnia. But the other twenty hours . They'll now have them explain about it. 명 suppose they didn't get either of them getting lost or even to put them items on. They would not even get lost. They will also confidant that the spirit was enjoying. While the truck huh cool and was put on our website. The police moved from the office to five A** site to, And don't move your phone. and we'll didn't of course we don't know whether or not it was anything about the injury, because they're not telling us that either. So that takes care of that. Also speaking dead people and then we'll get to the meat on the platter. Somebody died. She died. There you go. That's a clue. It's a she. She was a murder actress Mercedes McHambridge or one Oscar for the 49 film all the Kings men and later provided the raspy voice of the demon possessed girl in the excesses died. She was 85. Yeah. The Cambridge side for McHambridge causes Mark second. Her strong radio train voice made her an ideal film portray her hard driven woman. She received the Academy Award as supporting actress for a screen debut in all the Kings men playing a reporter who was the nemaccess of the populous Southern Governor will East Stark. Roderick Crawford was named best actor for his role as Stark, a close replica of Louisiana two-ey long. Remember Roderick Crawford in Highway Patrol? No. And the drama was on her with the best picture Oscar during her film career. She acquired a reputation as a strong world outspoken woman on an office screen. When she was hired to play the Emmy a Joan Crawford in a 54-Wester and Johnny guitar, the pair futed on the set. In her memoir, a Cambridge called Crawford a mean, tipsy powerful Rotten Egg Lady. Uh-oh. Rotten Egg, which in the old days as of prior to today, I could have played something with Rotten Egg, which we can't play no more. But anyway, we'll get to that in a moment. Because of her great vocal skills, McHambridge hired was hired to portray the demon and William Friedt-Conservity 3 smash the exorcist after Wich of what she called the hardest work she'd done for a film she'd been promised prominent mention in the credits. Now here's something I bet you never knew. Okay. Once she attended a preview her name was missing. As she left the theater in tears, Friedt can try to explain that there'd been no time to insert her credit. The screen actor's yielded an evane in force to inclusion in the credits. Is that bet you never knew that? I did not. Among her later films, uh, giant farewell to arms, touch of evil, with her radio-core horse or something else, suddenly last summer. It was a fact movie with Elizabeth Taylor. Simur on 99 women thieves, the Concordia of 479, Yada. So she's dead for Sadie's McCambridge. She died at 85. I'd throw I pulled eight. Well, I'm thinking 90's old enough. Anyway, that takes sure that business now. And I'm hoping that you are listening with both ears open, reach inside with your little finger very carefully now and get all the wax out of ears to make sure you hear this very clearly, very carefully. Here is a memo that I requested because it was given to me on the phone verbally yesterday. So let's put this in writing so we all understand. And we're going to take a poll today. Now if you take a look, is it up? I guess it's up. I don't know. Of course, there's too busy looking to do a bearer more, which I can easily understand that. That's a very fine picture. But again, you must be at least 80 years old to look at that. And it might give you a coronary attack. So I'm trying to vote on here. But there you go. Center voting on. They're taking a look at that now. They're probably wondering why have you put these words on this poll today. What is this all about? Here's the answer to your question. Just to give you an idea of how far this chilling business is going on. There is no more free speech. As of the last couple of weeks, all based on a Janet Jackson movie flap. I can't play that sound. I close with flap anymore because those are all gone. Right. So you'll have to use your own imagination up. Oh, whatever that sound was. What's up? As of that, that was an excuse for the fascists at the FCC and your government, both parties to say, hey, guess what, we'll just make it up as we go along. And if you don't like it, we'll find you 50 trillion dollars. A billion dollars. Here's the memo from our program director and our operations manager to the entire QM Air Staff and producers in regard to indecency. This coming from the easily attorneys from corporate. We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in addition to the seven the so-called dirty words, the following words and sound effects are considered course language in our prohibited. No exceptions. That's not an memo, but I just want George to understand because I had the conversation. No exceptions. Right. There is a zero tolerance, which means if you want to like dittler around on the edges, which you have to have it a doing. That means that your kids are going to be eating for a long time. You're right. But anyway, what do you listen to me? Here are the prohibited to new ad-dees to the list. And George Carlin is weeping heavily as I speak. I can't read the words. I guess I could, but I'm could I read them? Are you asking me? Well, I'm not going to read it. I want to accuse me of dittler. The first word begins with PR. If you don't have a computer, you'll have to use your imagination, okay? PR. The second one is the Vice President's first name. His last name is Cheney. You know what his first name is? The third one has to do with the TI with the boobies. I guess we can still say boobies, but we can't say to want to begin with TI. The fourth one begins with the P and has to do with the female or whatever. The fourth one, fifth one hard, hard something. I can still say hard. The next one is begins with ash and the second syllable. So I guess any fox doesn't have to listen to more because we can't say the word that he says. We can say, cool, but we can't say the whole word. The next one is Debag. So you can say that. Okay, you can't say the whole word. You say Debag is in a dime bag. Nickelbag. Right. But you can't say ash bag. That happens to be the next word. Draw Spag. The next one begins with a TW and another vulgar reference to the female genitalia. The next one is CO something which has to do with a male genitalia. And the last one which I can't read it to you, no more fart noises. But we can say it. Oh, we can say fart. Now even though there was that commercial in the Super Bowl with the horse that was farting in somebody's face, there are no more fart noises allowed in the beesley broadcasting chain. Can we, um, can we know the raspberries? No. No. No raspberries? No farts. There's probably no, no that stuff with the, uh, you remember the guy, well, you don't because it's before your time. A guy used to go on TV and he used to put his fist under his arm and make those sounds like you're referring it can't do that no more either. No. That's some pit music. You see because the FCC will determine the other side. And if they don't like the way you look or if they don't like your political opinions, or if they want to get you off the ear, all of these things are prohibited. Now they're probably people in the audience to get on that Neil more. He sure, uh, getting carried away. No, this is, uh, this is where it is as of today. I don't think this is the end. This is where we are as of today. And the fact that my colleagues in this business are such a bunch of spinyless cowards and are just rolling over basically and playing dead is should tell you a lot. Should tell you a hell of a lot. In fact, you people out there, the couple thousand that we've got to sign your signature on those petitions. In fact, this should motivate a lot more people. Stop FCC.com. You're doing more than the people in the industry are doing. All they do when they say, yes, they're, yes, they're air fart. You know, oh, do I say that? Yes, an era of fart fart. 1013 at 560 WQM. So the poll is of which of these uh, offends you and I can't, when every time I read the poll results, I'm going to have to like use letters and you know, it will have to do hand signals. Right. That's that pentamine. Hey, all you horse racing fans and poker players, Pompital Park Racing in Card Room has just the gambling action you want located just a half a mile from both I and I be five in the turn. Pipe Pompital Park is easy to get to and best of all Pompital Park features free admission and free general parking every single day live harness racing in the poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday including tonight. Poker starts at noon, goes on all the way to midnight if you can stay awake that long and live racing gets in a way nightly at 705 PM including tonight for St. Patrick's Day. There was a 500 out of how come we didn't have this on. Let's see St. Patrick's Day was yesterday. I'm reading the wrong copy. Sorry, Dick. Well, I mean, I'm on part of stress and pressure. I got the right copy. Dick fine, Berg. Okay. Oh, sorry. I guess Richard's going to have to change his name. They all are. Sorry, Rich. I'm going to then they think I'm talking about fat rich. Anyway, let's see. This Friday there'll be free drawings to get to the money machining grab a thousand dollars in cash and betting vouchers or maybe when a raffle ticket for a 2004 Porsche Boxster plus swing dancing demonstrations at the track. I don't think we can say that swing dancing though. Uncended at the most unbelievable fireworks done show on earth is coming up with the amazing Australian Daredevil Vincent Silvestor in the source. Hand me silver performing their hot-to-truck fireworks show. Showtime is 9pm the kids will want to see that bring the whole family. Settled in night to pop at a park. Pomp and a park a block saver landing bullet guard on power line road for the current race schedule. Go online. Pomp and a park dot com or call it 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 1000 live racing 2 9 7 5 PM the poker room of what's at noon today at Pomp and a park. Alright and local, here's sports video 56QA Cumm A Yan. Brenergetic paper bism Night! Are you sure? Rock is so hot, so hot, so fine when you go down there The man has a position here When we are down there, we are the freedom's day It was very dark here When we are down there, we are the freedom's day But very dark here 10.9.5.60. WMR is to be having a pretty good time On here, but not normal or your radio is dead as a door nail In fact, your radio is on life support right now Just like soft Florida's on live support Your radio fits in like a rubber glove, but I can't say where No, you can't Look at that, we just went over a thousand signatures ahead in the earth state Yesterday when we started the show, we were like a few hundred signatures short of the earth state Now in the earth state, it's got 3803 on the stop at CC.com Flaude has got 4807, a thousand and four more than your state with its 20 million people Are you impressed or what? Yeah, for the press And four to last five names, it just went on there Kevin and Hollywood, water and del Rey Beach, Tim and Fort Loderdale And Ivan in Miami, thank you Thank you for carrying it up to release on the petition And try to do something because that's what it's all about Anybody was listening last two days? There's a guy named Scott who lives in New York Who's trying to do something Which I commend him for And stop FCC.com says if you're fed up with the government deciding what you can watch Read and listen to in addition to tighter definition of indecency and higher fines for broadcasters The FCC is also talking about regulating cable and satellite broadcasts Join the campaign for free speech today And cast your vote for the first amendment Help us get a million signatures Tell your friends about stop FCC.com And it goes on to explain it to you And every time as a new people are signing on and protesting It rotates five names come up Let's see what's the current number because I just want to But it's 52,000 son-out signatures they've got already And this thing only started on March the 5th of the 18th So it's less than two weeks in progress And of course if some people on here were promoting this thing The way it ought to be instead of having 52,000 there'd be 520,000 signatures already You know what I mean? I don't want to see who I'm talking about, George Well you talk to some people on here who claim to be very powerful And if they get off their pedestal and their ego trip And start promoting this thing we could get millions of signatures And I know something will find a way to do it If I have to personally pay for an ad in the name USA today To get turn people on to this website And just print for a pay to what it says here on Scott's petition I'll do it Because this is unacceptable And when you go along life goes along we got all these people dying And bag that and all over the world all these horrible things We got terrorists, threatening our very existence We got gas prices so high that you have to take a week salary to feed your tank now with some people Millions of people out of work And the FCC based on and again using it as a cleansing of SKU Don't please to understand it had nothing to do with that It was just the opening they were waiting for if you're part of that expression With a Janet Jackson booby business on a Super Bowl and the farting horse Oh my god, this is disgusting and it's about time we're going to show you we're going to crack down now We're going to make decency something great in America And of course it's all religious nuts and like George keeps saying these people don't want anything on you Or unless it's promoting Jesus right I'm not making that out I know you're not making that up that's so what they want Unless it's promoting Jesus and Christianity the fundamentals don't want us to be able to say anything Right I'm not exaggerating that's that's the fact Exactly where they be coming from. I'll give you an example This story here. This is a beauty Dayton Tennessee The county that was the site of these scopes monkey trial over the teaching of evolution Is asking lawmakers to amend state law so the county can charge homosexels of the crimes against nature The reaccounted commissioners approved to request eight to nothing on Tuesday Commissioner or wait to hear this guy's name And I better be very careful his name is spelled if you G-A-T-E Care officer J-C-Fugate I'm going to introduce them as you're also asked shut up Also asked the county attorney to find a way to enact an ordinance vending homosexels from living in a county We need to keep them out of here a few good said the vote was announced by Matt Neville's president of the chat and the chapter of parents family and friends of lesbians and gays There is the most far-fetched idea put forth by any kind of public official ever Neville said I'm outraged Last year the US Supreme Court struck down Texas autonomy losses of violation of adults privacy Reaccounties one of the most conservative counties in Tennessee it holds an annual festival commemorating the 1925 trial That which John T. Scopes was convicted of teaching evolution the verdict was thrown out on a technicality the trial became the subject of a play and movie and here at the wind So there you go Oh my god, right by the way, I should play the bottom bank on our three 60 machine here. No, I have no life I'm still living correct Oh my god All of these things moron Oh god Oh god, no, okay just a kind of introduce the audience to our new bank sounds nice and clean Did I do a nice job? Yes, that's where all the parts used to be on the bottom of those parts sounds, but of course they ain't there no mole And you won't be here in them and no mole on them to show not on this station not on your radio no more farting sounds, please And if you're an elevator, it's personally if it's crowded Do your damnedest even if you have to like do a number in your pants do not fart out loud Right because the fart police will come and take your ass away and maybe the rest of you two Now here's the deal, which of these words are sounds you find most offensive now we already have in just a matter of moments 2017 votes in about what five ten minutes ten minutes Right 184 those people 84.7% say none of these words are offensive or sounds or whatever none of the above 85% Now there are few people the TW word 15 people said that one was offensive the PUS word six The D bag three and at the fart sounds only two and keep it mine no matter if we get 80 Brazilian votes on there That's not gonna change anything. I just wanted to prove a point because I know I will Because a handful of misfits and lunatics out there and stuff appointed more or less than religious nuts These are the ones who deciding what you can read what you can watch what you can listen to what you can think how loud you can fart all these things You know what I'm saying all of these things see it's honor that came in handy, yeah, yeah, I like that one And being lazy it's a little bit too complicated word of a virginism I think you know to go into the DCS and get that one. It's right here at the touch of a finger You might hear that a lot more now a lot more absolutely now commas in defensive Howard Stern broadcast and via comes in decency enforcement philosophy didn't sit well With that onksh is right wing jackass senator Sam Brown back seem to have to control myself because I almost said the a word I can say a whole there you go with the a whole senator Sam Brown back The senator's communications director Brian Hart said yesterday the tone of the response to brown bass request for information as well as Carmasins testimony several weeks ago Before the House Commerce Committee seems like businesses usual instead of progressing toward upholding existing FCC regulations and working toward cleaning up our public airwaves Damn it the senators drafting it another letter to the via conference and will quote specific references to language on the steering show And hopes that Mr. Carmasin will explain how this material is not indecent under their own guidelines hard says Carmasin had a polygiated the senator for some broadcast language and explained the Vidcom was taking steps to keep indesensive off its airways But Carmasin also said the company had determined the broadcast did not meet the FCC's definition of indesensive he added that the definition was in moving target and thus difficult to hit the way pledge to try In other words, nobody understands what it is including the FCC they make up his day go along gotcha While clear channel and pulled stern from its airways following the February 24 broadcast in question, Vycom's infinity wish distributes the show did not Also unhappy with Carmasin's answer was parents television counsel another right wing group of nuts The FCC and Congress should interpret his move by Vycom as blatant content for parents and families said ptc president Brent Bozell yesterday another right wing nut job Wow, that's American man. I keep telling you the right wing lunatics have taken over and you people are just gonna sit back and take it I think there's still schedule an election in November this year. I'm not too sure about that and I'm not just talking about the presidential election, but all of the house and a bunch of senators going to be running to And if you don't register to vote if you don't get online and sign up petition if you just sit back on your ass and just take this sit now see I got news for I only got a couple years left anyway and I'm out of this whole deal So like I told these guys yesterday when he called me with the latest prohibited phrases and words and sounds I don't care as long as the check shows up here be two weeks. That's all I care about it goes right in the bank. It goes right to end of my retirement funds and that's it I don't care. I mean, I'll fight to good fight here for everybody else in the industry, but I'm not gonna. Oh, I'm not gonna like oh tiptoe the edge of the line. Why why why even think about it? Why think about it after all the years that I've invested in this I'm gonna like wow. I'll show you a thing or no, I won't And little Georgie there who thinks that he's got some out. I'm gonna do it. No, you're not don't even think about it about what anything Which are easy for you 1028 at five 60 W and Josh in in there. Let me tell you keep your finger on that yellow button man. Just keep your finger right on it Like I hear his breath away Sit there he goes again. Breathe in you're not breathing like normal breathing like with sexual overtones Mr. Like you're looking at you very more or something on there and you're not old enough It's the last mortgage 118 is the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are incredible zero closing costs zero application F-0 credit bureau fee in zero discounted points. Get yourself that new low interest rate. Just 1.25 percent If you have a hundred thousand dollars only pay only three thirty four a month if you have a 200 thousand Doll loan your payments are only six sixty eight a month and no forget once you refinance or get new homorgas from financial group You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call today and find out all about it call 1 866395 land and get the low rate mortgage You deserve them. Move the next property would know for the cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero closing costs even when you move to another property Get that new low financing rate of just 1.25 percent with the only one mortgage from financial group never pay closing cost again Call them today. Tool free one 866395 land. That's one 866395 L a and V there. An equal housing lender Rescriptions do apply rate something to change monthly 4.21 APR. To win the decision George W says no All the girls and wet teachers he's not the show He's found all the parties in the alcohol Now my spring break such it's no fun and oh We see this fight I'm We can't We can't Won't even let you stay out fast The budget administration is sent and drag Next year's break price gonna be by the class We say the spikes which is right I I In my and it sucks to it. I'll say that There you go. It's up 1035 at 560 WQM and here's some more of these great stories come along here's from Georgia Christian group wants books banned Of course Some Bartel County parents want a bevy of books banned from the county schools reading list this is in Curtisville, Georgia At a Monday Bartel County Board of Education meeting three parents with a group crusaders for Christ To old VO members that several books contain offensive material and should be banned You're going to answer to God Almighty for your decisions at the group's leader the Reverend White Holcomb Among the books the crusaders for Christ won banned are of mice and men by John Steinbeck The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury to kill a mockingbird by Harper Lee A reason in the sun by Lorraine Hansbury and role of thunder here my cry by Melderod Taylor County communities have deemed all the books appropriate for committee members will not have to decide whether to repeal their decision It's uncertain when the committees will make their decision because members will have to read the books before deciding somebody will have to read them to them Oh boy Talk about the meandestals take it over. I keep trying to tell you this. Zyne America, maybe as they say in Poland And right closer to home. Here's a good one too along the same lines The date County school board rejected a proposal that add two additional daily moments of reflection in classrooms This was yesterday By a six to three vote the board refused we've been studied a plan submitted by board member Mark the Perez Mark the Perez I don't even want to study this one said board members Solomon Stinson who said the issue was just too controversial to justify the time and energy of would consume Perez was joined the other two votes in favor of this insanity by members Augustine Baretta and Frank Bolonios The rest of Perez is proposal which has superintendent Merit Steerheim to form a committee to study character education Was combined with a series of similar ideas in a separate bill sponsored by Bolonios Right Let's turn the schools into a church as well. I say how do you like that? Well, hand out rosary beads. Everybody Those who suspicious for Mercedes McAverge. She kicked off a little bit too soon. She didn't be great doing the sounds for the PA in the school The only quote that we can use the first From that movie Yeah, it burns Ed burns I don't think you say that either because we don't know see like Clinton like Bubba said we don't know what it means You know you're right No, so when you say it burned you can say burns and you might be you might be really saying George Burns Right Crazy burns Right, Gracion You're right Rick sends me a facts, but I can't read it on your hand Oh, I could, but I have to leave out the good part. I can't read anything And like I said, I'm not going to get all whipped up into a frenzy like, oh, gee, what are we going to I'm just going to do the best I can It's all I can do All I can do I'm not going to sit here like some kind of a martyr And oh, gee, they're out to crucify me and to crucify Howard. Yeah, right whatever you say It's a whole movement. It doesn't have to do with just anyone person even though you know to then and to exploit it to try to put yourself even about a bigger pedestal and you've already got that really frost my ass I fed ass Look at all the votes on there at about 25 minutes 317 to be exact Which of these words or sounds do you find the most offensive none of the above 260 82 percent the t w word seems to really be 25 say that P us word 11 parts sounds six the PR I word three D bag three a whole two hard to cheese S bag two Cheneys first name to the CO word one and the TD don't have any yet as in booby TI you know the rest has none 82 percent say not of the above W Q M hello Okay, sir He's a big animal. But you say Michael Pugge I don't see that on here Not on the list yet, but I bet you might have a lot of beyond there, so it's good thing you have it in the day Good go for a nice refreshing cup of tea. W Q M hello Yeah, I don't Okay, I just hate the religious thing. It could just get it off a hand. I mean, I'm not really used at all, but is that a Cluster how the religion is just Want to I don't know shut up everybody up. They don't want that nobody you know Liberty or speech or anything. It's just crazy The fact that the government that the Congress is going along with is that's the scary part They're just rolling over and playing dead. You know and Kerry can stand up there and talk a good game and about he's going to do this And you know international fair is not well, that's great. What about domestic affairs? What about our freedoms right here at home? Like Bush the other day was screaming and carrying out about well all those great freedoms that the Iraqi people are going to get yeah, the ones that we used to enjoy here The ones that we used to have here like freedom is to speak your mind and not having the word police The nose picking police the jay walking police the pleasure police the swing club police everything and anything man The Nazis have taken over and immediately just sit there. Remember when we were going to like that Oh, they arrested that guy while he was ordering a slice of pizza that guy knew who he was he recognized to me. Yeah, that's a kind of stuff. They'll spend 50 hours on today The turnpike Slyper And the Martha Stewart you know, she going to the slam or not On and on and on the goes and you know, they had a blurb trying to be cute this morning Jack. I'm a kind of whatever his name is there on CNN Trying to be real cutesy with that thing about well, do you think Howard Stern or Mel Gibson are going to tell you to vote for cent Howard is done everybody to vote against Bush and now even the righteous right wing Mel Gibson is saying he ain't too happy with a bush mice to run his whole Iraq thing and the on international affairs is what they create political analyst now gets in a sand And they just make it into like it's cutesy and funny and everything. There's nothing funny about it When you wake up all of a sudden one day and things that you know your life's been going along and these things have been acceptable and this is the way society worth it all of a sudden somebody turns a clock back 50 years a hundred years says not no more And a public is sitting over there rolling over like oh, well, whatever you say yes, yes, a master master Christa Something really stinks here man something really stinks in America And let me say it again you people in this industry and broadcasting which I'm ashamed to be a part the overwhelming majority of you are the biggest bunch of Spinalist cowards that anybody could ever begin to imagine and you look on the trade publications and all are talking about his dollars and cents and this one made so much and this one's fourth quarter profits went up Forget about freedom forget about fighting for anything free about standing on principle Just roll over and play dead and of course the industry's been going that direction for a long time anywhere with all this deregulation with five or six grave robbing companies doubling up at only every damn radio station in America So what do you expect? 1042 Mike and little bit to said no, just right yes, I am 1042 18 me four levited five 60 W Q M we got the mad doggy at two at David busgers. We got four to seven to boost your redaven busgers. I'll tell you more about what that's all about later for a cool hotline at seven the big 8 to 10 that's obscene at the sandbar in the grove any k at 10 and then we got the sporting this radio Hey haven't done your three years why you need to call dial a mattress toll free at one 800 mattress What hair just a few more reason why I'd be calm and today? Because dial a mattress backs up everything they see in advertising a hundred percent but their competitors still lie like crazy When you see a mattress at making outrageous planes or advice is read the fine print please There are a lot of lies waiting for you out there. Here's an example The ads with big headlines said you're free frame free set up free removal But the tiny print underneath says it only applies to luxury models or you have to live so close to the story of be their neighbor or it's for something You don't need like a frame and guess what most people don't need frames and stores won't apply the credit to something else instead So it's useless it seems there's always a reason why the promotion doesn't apply to whatever your buying but at dial a mattress The rats have no tiny print no disclaimers no lies no BS every dial a mattress delivery includes free set up and free delivery Whether it's a top of the line set or a twin mattress for a bunk bed Dallow mattress delivery terms apply wherever you live no exceptions from candle to Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Myers Dallow mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you to know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them So what are you waiting for do what I've been doing for years and all the other smart people are doing out to pick up that phone It's the easiest purchase you'll ever make that one simple call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRES or log on to mattress dot com for the honest way to buy you a great new bed My What's on the In the snow anage put your burger on today and what do you be the 30 packs of American way and a tower or Michael power the site of Janice He makes a power To the fighting is positioned that he got through that bit is a for the spoiled incompetence We're absolutely I'm just reaching okay 47 at five 60 WQM. Well, I just it just my timing. Oh, not for what for the fact that you just sent me You might have this I have this Wow, here we go just the case this this is in line with the other story that I told you I got here The morning shows at clear channels W e B and Cincinnati these are clear channel stations by the way and enter comms kr XQ and Sacramento are targeted in separate indies and see complaints filed by listeners at the FCC the complain against e b n's Dawn patrol was filed on March 4 by a Cincinnati based activist group the name of the group is I don't know whatever this and The one against kr x q's Rob Arne and Dawn is met the commission since late 02 the FCC has missed you We're manning to complain yet according to the Cincinnati inquiry Citizens for community values has been taping the dawn patrol since last fall. That's the group Citizens for community values. They always sound so righteous and pure and decent and wonderful and they're a bunch of right wing Fascist is what they are you almost had something else. Why I heard you're thinking no, that's exactly what I was I didn't say listen leave it to me to find the stomach box don't stick any in there. Okay. Got your start act like the beesleys You're starting to put hurdles in there when there weren't any in the first place Included in its complaint are 11 different legely and decent incidents in which it if which you found actionable Could fetch a maximum fine of 32500 dollars under resisting rules the broadcast included descriptions of sexual activity and Scatological references The FCC confirmed with the inquiry to receive the complaint but wouldn't come at further Unlike the w e b n case the kr x q complaint was filed by one listener James peak told the Sacramento be was discussed by Don Rossi's description of her menstrual period and other comments the morning team made about Women colon cleansing and other subjects in a February 24th email to peak assist in chief investigations in hearings Dana Levitt said the FCC should re-resolving this case in the very near future in the very near future and if you go to w e b n's website That's 102.7 w e b and the lunatic fringe of american fms what they call themselves anyway Just do do w e b n dot com It's in Cincinnati and they've gone on their website at the end but think there's american flag and it says it's time to be heard for years Has been a concerted campaign of foot to destroy w e b n's contribution to greater Cincinnati and Of course Cincinnati's a real real right wing Goose stepping town. I mean real bunch of fashes there W e b n in fact isn't that where they started not Larry Flint with hustle magazine and pretty sure it was positive Okay, w e b n's long history of entertaining and mobilizing its audience for good as under attack as is your right as an adult to make your own decisions Whether they be for you or your children line nine is ringing. I want who that is QAM And you I don't okay good good I have to ask your poll if you take your tickets Yeah, sure It says it's time that we quit letting the vocal minority decide for us what we can and cannot have access to it's time to let these groups in our elected officials know that we have the right We value the right to choose we want to let the use of the public your ways continue to be dictated and We're worried by the public majority You see this is the insanity the whole business in the first place when one whack-o out there makes a complaint Oh gee well here we go. We're gonna find you. We're gonna threaten your license Even if it's a city of 15 million people If one nut job in New York City makes the complaint against Howard Stern or anybody else Oh gee well here's the complaint. You're gonna have to pay a big fine even though there might be 80 trillion people listening How is that possible? It's like saying that if one person didn't like a flavor or Campbell soup They'd have to stop making it because he filed a complaint with a Campbell soup company. See my catch my drift If one person didn't like a chef boy R.D. Spaghetti with meatballs in a can they'd have to stop by making a spit I have to come up with some other shape of the pasta stick with the rigatoni I like totally It says there are plenty this is on the e-b-n website there plenty of exi hate totally There are plenty of examples around the world that haven't straight the consequences of letting one small group dictate them or Reality and the decision making for the whole at canis stand and a rack come to mind. You want to trade with them If you want to live in a city or country that lets the few rule the many just sit back and do nothing and nothing is what you'll have to choose from Are you tired of being told that you can't watch listen to or read a variety of programming or literature because you obviously can't handle it or someone in his or her ivory tower Can't are you're tired of being told that you're too stupid to raise your own children and that's since radio TV movies and billboards are Automatically responsible for their upbringing that your choices will soon be made for you These well organized few have done their best to speak on your behalf Are you ready to do something about it? Let your voice be her before it's completely taken away Frognation is on the move. Don't get left behind says a w e b n that's their their deal Frognation your billet to sum up is a privilege treated as such use don't lose your head Following is a list of people need to know how you feel and the very first thing they've got there Is a link to petition to the FCC W w w w stop FCC dot com nice call and you go boys then they've got a link to the FCC's website They've got the phone numbers and the email addresses for Michael Powell and all the other obnoxious members of the FCC Kathleen Abernathy Michael Cops Jonathan Ablestein and Kevin Martin And then they got the Number for the citizens for community of values the so-called CCV and Cincinnati which is the group that's hasling them and then they're a state There are Ohio senators and representatives Hello, but job W e b n dot com as they're under fire Everybody who wants to say anything is under fire and of course the ones are really getting it big time. Are you listening us out there? You can't enjoy a little bit of humor anymore because the FCC now we don't just have the word police We have the humor police because they're interpreting We mean that's right the meaning that's why I'm trying to tell you don't be playing though whips and chains sounds because they No matter what you call it they know what you mean or her their inside your a heed mister They know exactly where you're coming from you're a prevert Well, what a giveaway and they're gonna find everybody big time This is fascism right in front of your face. They stole the election in 2000 right out in public right out there in front everybody else And the public sat back and oh, let's watch some golf And now they're stealing radio and TV and next thing they want to do just like that other Article set next they want to move into cable and then of course into satellite TV and satellite radio and then after that will be the internet And the reason of a speech in America is just about history and a public is sitting back and the media is on air talking talk on man To miracle I can still even say that for now. Wait till the next level Which of these words or sounds do you find most offensive we asked we got 441 votes already in about 40 minutes 441 the people are really pissed off and fired up. I'll tell you that None of the above 80.2% 154 and I'm even gonna waste my time going on parts sounds 12 Who are for writing well excuse us we apologize for those 80 trillion parts sounds we paid the last Several years on a show, but you won't hear them no more That's the good thing a lot of those comedy bits used to hear you won't hear them Lot of those words All that filth and crap Won't hear it no more Everything is gonna be pure as the driven snow as a bar of ivory soap 99 and 44 100% pure only in arcane. It'll be 110% pure just to be on the safe side Just to make sure we're gonna be really pure Pперian Remembrance .... Coming up next sang gravify for that Tell us dinging guy we make over Yes, they're airfags. He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Mohammed Lefaz name. If he's to succeed, he needs some help. No kidding. I mean, what is up with that du-rag? I mean, it's so fine minutes ago. Really? And that's scraggly weird. I mean, who are you? It's going to be our biggest challenge ever. But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform, yes, or from a Ringo Star look alike too. Well, we're still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner. Well, you need to do something about those glasses too. Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things. On the next queer eye for that talistinian guy. Thursday night, tonight. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60. Moderately, happy Thursday, T.M. R.J. Tina really dismal day. Every day is becoming dismal now because each day there's more and more edicts coming down. Dismaler and dismaler. More and more prohibitions. You can't say this and you can't do that. You certainly can't to make those sounds. And I was still, we still could do that. That's the good news. He must work on a bright shot. OK. Let's go. Well, as the glasses and millions full instead of like 99 and a million, 70, right? Christian song. Right. Right. Less things than the most. Exactly. One. Now, I'm looking up before we even continue. I'm looking up and down this list of the latest list of prohibited words according to the measly attorneys. And keep in mind, I'm not not going to be the measlies for this because generally speaking, in spite of the fact that we're a bunch of right-wing newspapers, over these last six and a half years, they've been pretty supportive. You know? They haven't said, oh, don't say this and don't do that. They've been pretty, they've been OK. But all of the companies now, and did I say this a couple of weeks ago when his crap first started, are up in their pants. They're soiling themselves because the threat is coming down from up above. And like, what, you better tow the line or we're going to find you $80 trillion and take away your license and take away that banjo that you play up in the tree and take Bob Pervuth and spirit him away. Well, see nothing's all bad. But when I look up and down this list, and I see the word dick, for example, on his list, it seems to me that that's a name. OK. How do you say the president, not dick, Nixon, you could say Richard Nixon because that was, you know, some people call them dick, Nixon. Some people call them Richard. The vice president goes by the name of Dick Taney. Now, if anybody in Naples or any place else in America tells me that I can't call the vice president by his real name. And of course, we can't say the word that I would prefer to use, but the A whole word. So I would just call him Dick Taney. That's his name. So if you're going to tell me I can't say that, well, I'm going to tell you you're full of it. How do you like that? Oh, see that? That was bad. See? Well, that wasn't the real sign. That was just to make that was just a test one. It sounded like it to me. Nah, ah, ah, ah, that was just a test. OK. I was just here in my teeth, palette. So that's one that I have a little bit of problem with. But anyway, 80.6% say none of your above today find most offensive or even a little bit offensive or offensive at all. But the good he to use you is out there. I hope you're just I hope you're all swollen up man with pride and excitement and enthusiasm. As you continue making America into a third rate country, not even a second rate country, a third rate country. See, I used to love America what it was, what it stood for, what it represented. Now, ah, ah, ah, forget about it. I despise what it's become and what it's becoming every single day, a fascist state of mindless idiots of mindless, loose peppers. And I'm going to tell you this, ah, the Scott guy up in New York, there's a lot of credit. And it's not only us, I mean, Stearns got to link to it all, he certainly not promoting because it's not all about him. But W.E.B. and in Cincinnati, that's the first link they have on there because they agree with the side. You know, jica asked me last night, he said, what do you think anything can come out of this? I said, you know, nothing ventured nothing game. We got to give it a try. And we can get millions of signatures from all over the country on this. You better believe in an election year, the politicians are going to sit up and take a look at it and pay some attention. And understand that the people are pissed off and fired up. And the good news is we can still say that. Yeah. That's why I started to show with that this morning because we can still say, hey, stop, get me fired up when I hear someone say that. Oh, tomorrow, my feet are in stories. We got to get in and several times today because me and a man ever be able to play it again. Maybe we'll get one of these every day. I'd be a whole bunch of these things. Right. We'll start a book. But anyway, stop, FCC.com. I noticed every time I check it out here, last, since we've been on the year this morning, three or even four of the five of the last names that have signed a petition are from Florida. I'm grateful for that that people are finally responding. See, I said to myself a long time ago, I'm not doing anymore these campaigns that so far save our first amendment rights. I'm not going to get involved. This is where I got to change the world on some stupid ass radio show with some marginal signal here at the ass end of the radio dial. What are we going to do? That's basically talking about the same ball games, 20 hours that day anyway. We're going to change the course of human events. But in this particular case, somebody, a few people got to open up a mouth. Those people are in Cincinnati. They're making an effort. Scott and New York. He's trying to do something. So I think that, you know, it's really easy because then we say, gee, look, we're doing a great job. We had two or three thousand people on there just a couple of days. Well, that's a good start. Right. We're past New York State by 117. But in the meantime, how come we haven't had 15, 20,000 people signed their names on this? Just about everybody out there's got a computer either at work or at home or a friend who's got one, where they can go and steal one right now? How come we are getting thousands and thousands of people, especially in light of what's going on now? Every single day, whatever you enjoyed before, whatever we could do to entertain and put a smile on your face to amuse yous, whatever it was, not anymore. And don't give me the goody to choose argument about, well, you've seen the earliest truth. It's got to go, what filth? We're talking about adults. So the average adult listener is offended by a fart sound. Only if he's standing in a crowded elevator around line at publics, or at the track. Joe says, normally I would say a smart, what is this something smart for the pool like Howard David's name is offensive or Michael Powell? I'm not offended by names, but how about, no, I see this, this girl doesn't get it. That's already one of the sevens. We don't need any additions, any suggestions for this pool. See this is the problem. We get silly people out there. We don't need any additions. That's already one of the prohibited seven. See you next time, Joe. A commentator was fired from a national public radio's flagship station for Southern California for inadvertently allowing an obscene word to be broadcast said yesterday that the incident has had a chilling effect on her former colleagues. Sandritz sing a low. Also said she was surprised to be caught up in the nation's indecency debate, along with Howard Stern, Bubba the Love Sponge in Janet Jackson. Low was fired from Santa Monica based Casey R.W. FM after a technician failed to oblique an intentional use of the F-word during a February 29 radio commentary on knitting. It was a commentary on knitting, and she got fired. That could get fired over this as everybody in a white hot panic, low-tooled guest, of a Beverly Hills Bar Association luncheon on censorship the FCC in Justice Department. I think I've got more media attention and would mirror it for a person to work for 150 bucks a week she said. Low was offered a job back but declined to resume the low-life on KCRW. That was the hammer ratio, the low-life. Good day. That's cute. Other panelists offered a range of opinions on the indecency issue, which is prompted legal action by federal lawmakers. Parents television counsel executive, though they are again, direct their Tim Witter, largely blamed the FCC for failing to enforce its rules, and clearly spell out what content is not acceptable to broadcast. I believe that frankly this case should not have gotten to the place where you low lost your job over it, but the station should have been warned for an indecency violation when her said. First, the men in attorney Stephen Road, a past president of the ACAU of Southern California, said he was worried that the FCC's recent crackdown could lead to the staffing of political views and no kidding. We cannot trivialize the threat that's posed when you empower an arm of the government in this case the FCC to have power over the ideas that are expressed road said. Part of the problem is vague wording here. I want to, I want you to listen very carefully. Part of the problem is vague wording of the legal definition of obscenity said Jeffrey Douglas, Chairman of the Free Speech Coalition and Attorney for Members of the Adult Industry. There is no possible way than an artist or anyone else who is attempting to communicate, can tell an advance how the material will be deemed by a jury based on local contemporary community standards, Douglas said. Of course, that's out the window anyway. That local stuff. As VP standards and practices for Fox cable news, Darlene Lieblick said that ever served largely protecting the public from boards and images that would not raise an eyebrow at international markets. See even somebody from Fox made sense. Around the rest of the world would even raise an eyebrow. The atmosphere in the cable industry right now is one of great fear that we are going to be scrutinized and regulated Lieblick said. How do you like that even if people have fox or peanut pants? Because they're not sparing anybody, even their good post friends and high contributors as a cheap channel, they're slapping them all over the place and they're not enjoying it. Finds up the old shoot. Here's the fact that says, if I fart, I can't say that you can say it, just can't do it. So if I pass guys next to Michael Paul, I get arrested. The answer to that is yes. Well, if you fart in the forest, will the FCC hear you? The answer to that is yes. See what the boarder says. Eddie. We'll keep the light on for Eddie. Wow, just to just a whole pile of this stuff. Just, you know, I don't want to do this every day. We're going to do that. Huh? What else we're going to do? Sports? No, I don't want to keep drawing on the same thing and bang it away on it like we're on some kind of a crusade, but you know what we're on some kind of a crusade. Somebody's got to be. We'll show a lot of people ought to be. They'll end us be ought to be. And somebody there in the building asked me this morning, will this list that they just fast you guys? This is a plot of a plot of power 96, too. But of course, it should. I wonder just how carefully they're monitoring the lyrics of that hip-hop stuff that they're playing on power 96. That's funny. Wow, what is funny? Maybe it's funny to you. It's not funny to these fascists to want to regulate everything under the sun. All I got to do is let one on here and the stuff is going to hit the fan. I guarantee you that right now. See? Sorry, hitting the fan. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. I'm taking very seriously a playing music. Yeah. And I mean, that would be the easy way. I'll put it with also be. And I certainly wouldn't play any music that had an end those words in the movie. And maybe it's for medals. How about Polkos would be good? Right, instrument and other. Frankie Yankevik. Can you say that? We got weird out of Yankevik. We can say that. So I guess we can say Frankie Yankevik. Of course, that's a paid commercial. We can say anything in those. WQA and hello. Yeah, I wanted to talk to you. Speaking. Hey, Mia, how are you, buddy? Pretty good. Well, I've spent all the anti-Steriores. I've Cuban-American Democrat. All right. You're the one. And don't support GW and anyway, obviously, being a Democrat. But I'm a Christian. Yeah? So can you imagine that? I'm a Christian. I'm a Democrat. What brand? What brand? What brand? A Christian this week? What brand? And why? Don't lie. Answer on this. Lutheran. You're not reporting, is that right? Lutheran. Jesus Christ. Wow. Please don't let the people of my church know that I'm a Democrat. You're not so. Oh, they might put me up on the cross. And I'll give some to make a movie. I'll make another 200 million. Exactly. Where can I find that information on Mel Gibson where he was questioning the president. I'm trying to think of which article there's a whole bunch of articles where he said that just to a certain Mel Gibson, because all of these articles, that's what he's been talking about. How could he be talking about? In fact, gee, I think maybe somewhere he was on the Sean Hannity show a couple of nights ago. Oh boy. And of course, that's the right wing himself. Right. And that's not what he was supposed to be talking about. And somewhere along Melini started getting into a thing about how he's not too crazy about Bush lately's having second thoughts about him because of the war and the Iraq and the way he's handling it. And Hannity changed his subject real fast. It says in the article, so do a search either on Hannity or Mel Gibson or like both and you'll find it. Well, when, I don't know if you saw the interview that Mel did with the, I believe, who's Diane Sawyer? No. Well, at the end of the interview, you know, it says there's been so much controversy in everything I'm really, really tired. And I'm going to go into hiding and no one's going to be able to find me. So Diane Sawyer says, and so where are you going to go? He says, I'm going to go. I would go with the weapons of mass destruction. Well, listen, I got a New York day news. It's a great line. I used it in church. Nobody thought it was funny. It's great. Listen to me. The article in the New York Daily News. Okay. It was in yesterday and it's a Hanukkah by Melia. He wants to make a movie about Hanukkah now. But let me just read you the last couple of things I got to go. It says Gibson talked politics as well as religion during the Hannity interview. One of a small number of Hollywood conservatives. Gibson said he thinks a lot of what President Bush had done is good. But he's been having doubts of late. It's to do with all these weapons of mass destruction that we can't seem to find. And why do we go over to Iraq in the first place? The conservative talk show host, a Bush supporter, Hannity quickly changed the subject. It says, Beautiful. Have a great day, Pelle. All right. Thanks. And I'll see you down under. 1113 at 5.60 WQA. If you're in a dead end job, if you're not making enough to have two nickels to rub together, which I think is not legal anymore anyway. If you're overworked as well, here's the answer for you. Make one simple call that can change your life in a big fat way. Just call 1-866-Bash Train because the people of Fastrain can have you trained in certified for a real honest goodness, high-paying computer network professional career that can do it in as little as four months time. That's correct. You can be fully trained already for a new career in as little as four months. Fastrain offers day-eating weekend passes to fit around your schedule. Fastrain offers job placement assistance to financially the people of qualified to. And with seven floor the locations is fun to be won year by way you look. So don't wait, don't sit on your ass a minute longer. Don't work for some puts out there that's a 3-neal-like garbage. Pick up the phone, get yourself some training, and get a real job and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Check them out of the way of a Fastrain.com and then make that call today. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 1-866-Bash Train. 10-101024.... 7-10107284. 10-10142925. 10-10113. 10-10113. 10-101181265. 10-1011865. 10-10118 satellite. It is a series that presentsps 99. 10-10116, 8001. 7-10117. 8-10117... But for us, we can ask you for high 50 rig. We need to go figure out if there are obstacles on the port, inshaAllah. We need to figure out if there is a 100z rig or land. Make sure to go there and leave. Cassin. Don't really take the f abusive at the first somewhere it will be safe. coma, hopefully I'll go off in first. Yeah, what the Raccoco will be pleased to hear that. And I can safely assume any programming brought into question. We'll be overloaded. I am afraid I must now ask you to handle your broadcasting license. So what? But I just gave you. Is this about Neil? Because that can be taken care of. Believe me. He has no longer in this country. There is nothing we can do for now. So what seems to be the problem? Understand your spot station. It's all American family fun. Not quite. With every cut down score. With every basket made. Your analysis. Do not say, praise God. Bush. God. Well, it's for sports based. Well, they're sport holes after all. They're telling. They're telling. Tell us. That is not time. Your license is very nice. Won't you be removal of your pants? My pants. Duck-a-a! No, I'm not clear. I don't know who can remove his pants. So, okay. What's the meaning of this? We cannot that boat. Have you lived in your office at the moment? I thought we had a deep. Be grateful you are alive. Goodbye. Well, it took my pants. Hmm. I'm sitting here in my armani briefs. And it's time for my five hour lunch. Me and I want my sushi. 11. 19. At 5.60 WQM. Control the NCAA action today. With QAM for the singular wireless fan jam. Can we say that fan jam? I don't have for that. I'm not authorized. Jam on it. At David Buster's in Hollywood, ended up winning 50-to-inch TV with surround sound and $300 cash. It gets out of way too of the mad dog this afternoon. Followed by the boob's you read for. That said, David Buster is at this afternoon. Now, speaking to Mel Gibson, this story is so amusing. He's portrayed the crucifixion now Mel Gibson as a sight set on the tale that led to Khanica. The passionate Christ director told WABC Sean Hannity yesterday that he's planning a movie based on a Jewish rebellion nearly 200 years before the birth of Christ. The story that's always fired my imagination is the book of Macabees Gibson said. It's about Antiochus, the king was set up as religion in a temple and forced him all to deny the true God and worshiped as feet and worshiped false gods. The Macabee family stood up and they made war. They stuck by their guns and they came out winning and continued to slug a western. The revolt of Sid who had begun when the king's office had tried to force a priest named Matt Tathias to make a pagan sacrifice would have was Matt Tathias. Oh, that guy over there. What team he played for? Matt Tathias killed a man instead and he and his followers fled to the hills to wage a successful guerrilla war that eventually liberated Jerusalem and 100 and 165 BC. That victory led to the holiday of Hanukkah when a tiny amount of oil lasted eight days is the Macabees purified the temple in Jerusalem. A story about heroic Jews might insulate Gibson from churches of antisemitism leveled by the movie's critics but some Jews might not take kind of the Gibson a conservative Catholic interpreting their history. Antiochus, the executive director, Abos Mentoli, Orlando Sentinel recently, that if Gibson dramatizes the rebellion, we'll lose. We meaning the... Oh, yes. How do you like that? So he figures made 200 million off Jesus, not why not make a couple of million off the Jews too. What a equal op. Sure. Are here's a huge story. A French artist allegedly traumatized by last week's spain bombings was convicted to try to run over a pedestrian he missed a for Osama bin Laden and resorted to pay the man $615. This is true, it's from the A&P. The 35 year old identified only as Pierre was sentenced to day by court in the southern france city of Montpellier to a three months suspended prison term the man's, he tried to run over was unharmed. Pierre's lawyer David Mendel said his client was the victim of a hallucination while driving Montpellier's historic center. The victim of men in his 30s was able to run from the uncoming car which crashed along the side of a street. If it was bin Laden we would have won $5 million Mendel said we'd free to a reward. They matured train bombings which killed her while we know that. I like that he thought he was running over Osama, your mama. And maybe it was for the reward. Here's another cute story. Can we do a cute story? Oh well I will anyway. I may say again, the thing about Dick Cheney. Hey I'd do a few in Clara's better put your heads together. Okay if I can say that. Because it has to do with the usage of the reward. There's another word on there too that we use on this station. In fact mad dogs is I am a, a, a, and it depends on the usage of the word, see. But rather than that let's just put a whole list of words. So that pretty soon all you'll be able to say is, that, nothing else. In fact, rather than sending us a list of words, I got a much easier idea. I know what you're thinking. Why not just send us a Dick Cheney right? Of words we can't. I'm sorry. Why not just send us a big fat, a, a word that Cheney. A first rated Afghan soldier who couldn't afford to get married has been released without charging Kabul after being caught. Having sex with a donkey police said Tuesday. The soldier who was not identified was detained for several days last week after a young boy spotted him with the animal and an abandoned house. And the southeastern town of Gardez. The man insisted they had no other choice with the donkey because he couldn't afford to pay a dowry to get married to local police officer told orders. The man has since been released without charge. And many parts of Afghanistan men must pay at least $3,000 to the parents of their prospective bride, making marriage difficult for many in a country where they average any more. And a few of the average annual income is just a few hundred bucks. Under these strict Islamic rule of the fundamentalist Taliban regime over throw in 2001, sex outside of marriage or beastiality, were punished by stoning to death or flogging. Oh, right. Excellent. Let's get it on the 2020 this week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Look at that 79.3% not the above not offended by any of those words or sounds. But that means over 20% were offended. Oh, gee, I feel so bad. Don't you feel unclear now? Like all of this time would be enough for the funding people. They'll take. We think the clock back a hundred years ago. It's like going back to Oscar Wilde time. I don't believe that you run a amount of time. I don't know. They just like that record paper. There's other kind of paper. They just run out of time and worship. In a regular, they're talking about the Tennessee County Watcher run them. They are out of town. Ree of county. Commissioners may reconsider their vote tonight is the story on CNN. I'm going to have to think about little while because even the people down the street they just heard. They are. They don't count to be out here. Little on American. TW that words got 51. As far as offensive on our pool. Farts sounds and the P.O. Ward 19. The P.O.S. Ward 10. The bag 7. A whole 5. S. Bag 3. The D. Ward. Chinese first name 3. The PR Ward would show the same thing 3. Hard. The figure out 2. And the movie. The T.I. Ward don't have any. It's got to make fun. On out of 587 votes. Even up for all those injuries. They've caused. Well, that's because they've been looking at Joe Perim. And they think what's offensive about that. None. Well, all the injuries that were caused. The little children of the country watching the Super Bowl have done show you back. And you could put it on. Just in thinker belt. WQA and hello. Speaking. Hey, Neil. I just want to give you a four to stay tuned for the effects of a field day. South down 95 under the ice area overpass with the radar gun. Thanks to the good news, Bally. You got to have a nice day. And you too. Well, there's a good big report for you haven't had to make those lately. They're fixing to do it. Still something we can do right. What? Good caught speeding. You can still do that. 4994 were just six signatures away from 5,000 for Florida. We're way ahead in the New York. See, I just, I see. I don't listen to Howard because first of all he's not on the ear here. And even if I were there, I wouldn't be listening. Plus he's not there either. And I'm certainly not going to go online and go through that song. It ends the try to hear his show. But I just am curious. Since, you know, we had that call from Scott who called this show yesterday. Morning, who started this stop FCC dot com thing this petitioned right. Why aren't they pushing them or they got a link to it on the freester dot com website. But why aren't they pushing it? Is it just because it's not all about Howard? Is that what it is? You think? That might be it. Because when New York state is only got 3827 people of sign-up petition, something really stinks in New York. And I'm not talking about just the weather. And you'll be pleased to know the sun is shining here at Toronto. And we didn't get any of that snow that buffaloops did New York again. We only got like about a half an inch the other night when they got like a foot. They got a foot in buffalo. Whatever you do on your little kids out there don't ever get caught dead in buffalo or live as even worse. It's bad. It blows. Can we say that? No. It stinks. If you're really starving and you want to real feast, but don't want to spend all day cooking up a storm in a kitchen. And what coast wants to do with for you? They'll cook it up Ella. You've never seen. Stirred out with any or all of their six fantastic soups like their wanton. And then sample dozens of succulent on trays including New York strip made water if they're sizzling Asian grilled. The new seafood say, Jacques oysters on a half shell. Alaskan stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampied. What is it? Jumbo one? See him. Scampied every night. If you still have room sample their handcar per me, plus their new Thai specialties are on this world too. No MSG. No cornstarch. They use only cholesterol free rolls. You walk out there with a big fat full stomach and a big smile on your post. There are faith features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh, seaon, cocktail too. And if you have any room at the end of this feast, believe you me it's well worth the trip to the dessert station where you'll find Vals and mothles and pies and cakes and pastries and ice cream without your favorite toppings even fresh fruit. It's a feast that for a king queen of Prince her princess. Three Emerald Coast locations for you. They're in sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163 in North Miami Beach. And also you'll find Emerald Coast at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in prestigious Pembroke Pines. So take the old family book and ex business, lush and another friends at the Emerald Coast to all of Cook and for you. It's fantastic, fresh delicious stuff. Take out an library always available to call 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822. 9-5-4-5-7-2-3822 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 5-4-5-7-2-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-3822-38 TV projection – The I will help you. I will help you. I will help you. I will help you. I will help you. We show you a support by sending your checks to 442 when whatever you and so city. Our email address is runsweak.swan. For more information, just call B-Twood 45789. Thank you. 27-12-560 WQAM. New Jimnus to get the key to the city. We got 5,000 people by the way of sign from Florida. On stop at cc.com. We went over the 5,000 mark. 508. That's 5. Oh! 8. New Jimnus to get the key to the city. Three former Romanian Jimnus to her band for their new appearances in the Japanese magazine and adult movie. Are to be offered the key to the city in Bucharest. Book rest mayor, Tarion Basecu. Basecu says he wants to show his support for the girls gesture of having encouraged to do what they want with their lives. He told the liberal tae on newspaper. I'll give three Jimnus to keep the city of Bucharest after January 1 as soon as they'll be able to come and take it. The world must understand their former professional activity in the gesture they recently did our two different things. Now they're allowed to do whatever they wish with their lives. The former Jimnus were criticized after they post naked for Japanese magazine and filled in the nude in an adult movie which was broadcast by private TV network. The mayor of Bucharest is also a controversial figure in Romania as the man who wanted to call all the stray dogs of the city. Oh, that's nice. Call is not a cute word. Oh, we're calling all those mad cows. Sounds like he'll kill in me. This Earl, it just sent this fax man. What kind of drugs is Earl on? This hold up, I've to say, this whole FCC upwards. Just another weapon of mass distraction. More will be launched. As common sense thinkers, we need to stay focused and keep person and portion his handlers. Yes, man, back on their heels attack attack. It says attack attack. A nail. Get some help for her. Please. Cuban Pete says, do you realize you guys can't even play the young little bit anymore? Yeah. Good luck. We all needed. Now, what is it, young Neil? We can't say. Oh, there's probably a couple words in there. It's starting with A. Do I say that in there? I don't know. I don't remember. I'm not going to throw any. I got a great idea. I'm thinking, maybe we'll do it tomorrow. Take a whole show and we'll play. Right. Stop it, come on. Stop that. We are going to be able to play anymore. Right. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of bad. Okay. I'm not going right up to the edge, Mr. No way. No way Jose. No way Jorge. No chance. That's one of my favorite. It's a little pity, diddy. Grimes with pretty. But anyway, can't pay that no more. There's so many of them we can't play. I'll give you one that is a classic. Oh. Can't play this. No, no, no. I've golden. Oh, yeah. Golden and history. Now you see, if we had with our large jug in, instead, we'd have here on the Neo Rodgers show. If we had some creative people, they could taste somebody's songs and like put gigantic. And take out the whole word. You know, where you're born. Yeah. We have a. Huh? That would be. It would make its point. It would be amusing. It might amuse use. Or not, is the case, my pay. WQM, hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Let me turn you down. You must turn me down. You must not have seen, fired up just now. I just had it on. What did I miss? Ray County, Tennessee. I just, I just put it on. I just got through town. I put some of the audio on the air. Oh, you did. Yes. I just, you heard you on. Right after I saw that. Right. You're getting incredible. Does it? Everything's going. Everything's blowing up. Everyone. You die. Can't say that. You're gone. You said the be word. Can't say that. Can't say that. No, Mow. Everything's. And up is what you should have said. Say, local t2 folks. Gonna be a whole new deal. Oh, Jim Stork is announcing his bid to run for a clay-shot seat in Congress today. Jim Stork, an old friend of mine, Baker Yona, who served two years of old manners mayor. Will announce today his run for US Congress. Seat to represent district 22 against the anxious right-wing clay-shot. Stork 37 and never travel run against long-time Republican incumbent E. clay-shot was sickness 13th term. Maybe 13th is a unlucky number clay. Stork said he decided to run because he was unhappy with national politics. We can do better as a country said. Stork will instructs, café and bakery and will manners. I've seen what's been happening as far as economics, education, health, and environmental politics. But policies were heading in the wrong direction. I feel we need to hold these people accountable who support bad politics he said. Stork said he wants to bring fresh ideas to capital Hill. But Jim Kane, a local poster and publisher of the Florida Newspaper said Stork chances are slim in the Republican heavy district. So wealthy district, the most of the residents there tend to vote Republican, Saudi Arabia. Well, we'll see. Good luck, Jimmy. You'll need it. 560560. Pound 560. How are we doing on a poll here? I'm not reading the poll result as much as usual because it's kind of tiresome when they put all the initials. Touches 78% offended by none of the above. Out of 642. That's not as good as it should be when you can write down to it. You know what I mean? See, this is the problem. We got too many lukewarm people out there. Okay. Who don't want to like a con. You can't like support as half way. See. It's like casting a half a vote for John Kerry. I'll give you a quarter of my vote. You know? It's like that thing in California. The store we had there been about to one. Let's 14 year olds vote. But they're only going to count 14 year olds like a third of a vote. And if you're 15 to 17 like a half a vote. Remember that? Right. Same thing. I'll give a half a vote to Kerry in about a tenth of a vote to Bush and a hundred of a vote to Nader. What is that? Well, we support you, Neil. But we sure don't like those sounds. Oh. See, first of all, the TW word we don't say on this show. The P.U. word is used only in a totally different context. Fart sounds. I have no problem with those and it's very sad that we got to get rid of those because they're funny. Twenty one people said they're offended by that. But you know what? Town with you. I think they're funny as hell. Give you a little chuckle. Especially when you give one we don't even expect it, you know? Yeah. Of the CO word 13, D bag nine. A whole six, which means say, Fox A was the no mole. Fart that's a good one. First to play. When are those? Here it is. Hi, this is Sunny Fox. I listen to you, Rogers, because I could hear the word. Yeah, that's what you think. All right. I got that quick figure, a finger sunny. Believe you me. In fact, when every time I think of Sunny Fox, I hold it straight up in the air that finger. Twenty-till noon is five sixty. Your station for the no mole in QAM. Lying in local. Here's SportsWideal five sixty-two a-two a-m. How many worse? The Neil Rogers. No hand. There's no need to feel down or have no feet. You can touch the ground, a new eyeball. So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place. You can touch the ground. So put your glass eyeball down. There's a place. You can be happy, flatters. There's a special today or some fingers. It's double coupon date. If you're buying. Listen to them, part you'll find. You can use their new Express line. This is all the body parts of you. You can get a new heart. Even a naughty part. You can put it on your credit card. Some 46-14-20-560 WQAM-560-5056-560-080-1010-1010-Pris and Wireless Line. Here's a great article by Charles Fraser in the new nation. Gift wrapping is Lama Fobia. Don't let me forget to read that before the end of the hour. Maybe I'll do it right now. Or should I take a call? WBQAM, hello. Present. Why is it? Present. Present? Oh yeah, we're getting a sound. Okay, perfect. He's got plenty. I'm sure he dies. He's got plenty. He's got plenty. He's a funny guy. He's one of George's good friends. WQAM, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, I just wanted to make a suggestion to you. You know, you can't play a lot of the bits because of the fascist comedy communications. Well, anyway, you know, you have a lot of the bits on your website. At least people will be able to listen to them on the website. Yeah. Well, we were kicking around the idea of making up a, in fact, now that we got those, we can do one every month. We can do the disc of the month, you know. Yeah, or, like, you know, you have a bunch of them on there. Now, I know there's a lot of bits that you play. Just taking, you know, switch them around every show off to them off to them on the website. Yeah, that's possible. We can have the hit, the hit that, the fact we could put it on on there every day. Yeah. I mean, at least people will still be able to hear the ones now that we can hear because of because of that she's sick. Exactly. Well, and that did, you're curious out of the year 3,500? Yeah, exactly. Okay. Thanks, pal. All right. See you. Here's the facts from a very, very chronic facts. It says I have a fine fair world of the most classic bit that will not be able to play anymore. The Wayne High Zenga bull, song is gone. Oh, yeah. Well, this, this memo today. I mean, this will make it so many more. I mean, we said as of yesterday, we thought about 70% of the, of the 5000 comedy bits that we have in the end, drop-ins and the VCS were gone. I'd say now it's more like about 90%. May when you? Sure. 80 least. I mean, just take a look here. What I got on here. Put that thing away. You can't play that for sure. No. P in the well. P can't play that. Oh, push bananas. You know where can't play that. We can play this. Isn't it funny how some days just take you back? I know. I know when you were a teenager. Remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening. Popping a zit with your fingers and an eating it. Well, the great taste is back at the Pus Palace. Yes, delicious creamy, soft serve, plus in a corner-edition with your choice of toppings. All the great taste of your body you enjoyed is a king. Like warm hero acts, scab chips, and our new booker bits. The Pus Palace. I scream. You scream. We all scream for Pus. Okay. Now, see we can play that. Although I find that a lot more disgusting and offensive than any of the things on his list here. But nevertheless, what a winnow and I noticed that the anti-people, which is so typical of soft photo, the anti-people, now that I made that comment, which was a mistake on my part. But I don't care. Now, we've done the 76.8%. Who's saying that would be above? We'll find out on this table of plenty. Yeah, exactly. Oh, we're going to show you, Niela. We're going to call our neighbors and let him vote on it. That's okay. Pus is not going to change anything anyway. 701 votes though, and an hour and a half. Even Josh can't believe that. It's amazing. 701 an hour and a half. Look, not only go over a thousand of them, they will go, like, I don't even want to predict where we're going to go. Maybe they're going to hell on a hand basket. Anyway, go get him there. We'll see you again. Thank you very much. Kind of facts. Thank you so much. And this guy hates Wayne. Like poison. And I second that emotion. Old Baldi, we hate you. Okay, let me begin with this because I don't want to back myself up against the break. I hate when I do that. It's not that long. Jiles Fraser, give for happiness, Lama Fobi, about the religious right in the new nation. He says it all sounds innocent enough. Operation Christmas child is a unique ministry that brings Christmas joy. Packed and gift filled shoe boxes to children around the world. Over the past 10 years, 24 million shoe boxes have been delivered, making it to world's largest children's Christmas project. Every US president since Ronald Reagan has packed a shoe box for Operation Christmas child. In the UK, thousands of schools churches and new clubs are doing the same. Some will fill the boxes with dried out felt-tipped pans and discarded Barbie amputees. Other Spencerious Monandlators game boy or Sony Walkman. But one many parents and teachers don't know is that behind Operation Christmas child is the evangelical charity Samaritan's purse. There are aim as the advancement of the Christian faith through educational projects and the relief of poverty. And a particular toxic version of Christianity it is. This is the same outfit that targeted Eastern Europe after the fall of Berlin Wall and was widely condemned for following US troops into Iraq to claim Muslims for Christ. It's run by the Reverend Franklin Graham, chosen by George Bush to deliver the prayers at his presidential inauguration, who is called Islam a very wicked evil religion. Graham the son of evangelist Billy Graham is from the same school of thought as General William Boiken, US deputy Undersecretary Defense for Intelligence, who described America's waging a holy war against the idol of Islam's false god in the guy called Satan who wants to destroy us as a Christian army. Across the UK children in multicultural schools are being encouraged to support a scheme that is quite understandably deeply offensive to Muslims. Under pressure from those who have complained that Operation Christmas child is a way of promoting Christian fundamentalism through toys, evangelical literature will not be distributed alongside two box parcels from the UK rather than inside them is if this really makes any difference. Little wonder that such organizations as the fire service in South Wales which had allowed its depost to be used as collection points for shoe boxes has decided to suspend its involvement. Other organizations are reconsidering their participation too. What is most presented about Samaritan's versus the way it links aid to event and evangelism we have no problem with people going into a country to do evangelical works said. Hold on Hassan spokesman for the council on American Islamic relations, but when you mention mandatory and working a war term country with evangelism you create a problem. We have desperate people and you have someone who has food in one hand in a Bible and another. Crochet missionaries in the 19th century India used to describe those who came to the mission station simply as. For food as rice Christians. This became a derogatory term for those driven to work separately and in the out of hunger rather than genuine conviction. The accusation is that this group such as Samaritan's purse are creating a new generation of rice Christians in the Middle East. How might they be stopped? The answer is not quite as simple as erecting a firewall between Christian evangelism and social action for Christianity is not neatly divisible in the theory and practice it's a form of practice belief and action are ultimately inseparable. Ironically it is the story of the good Samaritan that provides one of the most effective putdowns to precisely the sort of Islamophobie display by Christian fundamental as such as Graham. Jesus as as to his my neighbor. The moral of the story he tells him response at least the one most people remember from Sunday school is that it is the man who is beaten up and left for dead that Jesus points to his our neighbor conclusion we must help those in need. But that's not the story at all. A man is mugged in the body kelp between Jerusalem and Jericho, whereas the religious pass by and do nothing is the Samaritan who offers care. Those listening to the story would have despised Samaritan the words good and Samaritan just didn't go together. Indeed there is would have been the general boyken reaction that Samaritan's worship the idol of a false god. Therefore encasting the Samaritan is the only passive by with compassion Jesus is making all out of salt on the prejudices of his listeners. If the story was just about helping the needy whoever they are would have been sufficient to cast the Samaritan as the victim and a Jewish layperson as the person who helped. Crucially however they hated Samaritan as held up as the moral exemplar conclusion we must overcome religious vigatory. The story of the good Samaritan in the hands of Franklin Graham is conscripted as propaganda for the superiority of Christian compassion to the brutal indifference of other religions. Along almost the opposite of the purpose of the story. What is astonishing is that Christian fundamentalist demanded to persuade millions that their warped version of Christianity is the real thing and that mainstream churches of sold out to the secular spirit of the age the truth is quite the reverse. U.S. evangelicals employ selective biblical literalism to support a theology that systematically confuses the kingdom of God with U.S. is burgeoning empire. It is no coincidence that the mission fields most favor by U.S. evangelicals are also the targets of neo-conservative military ambition. To use Jesus as the rallying cry for new imperialism is the most shameful reversal of all, pre was murdered by the forces of empire. The cross book of Roman power in just the way black-haw-kele-copper speak today of U.S. power. Schools and churches that are getting their children involved in operation Christmas child need to be aware of the agenda their participation is helping to promote. There is of course a huge emotional hit in wrapping up a shoebox for a Christmas child, but if we're to teach our children properly about giving, we must ween them off the feel good factor. Instead, why not support Christian aid which works with whatever the need and regardless of religion. It's current campaigns that include working with HIV, AIDS, or Fence and Kenya, recycling guns in Mozambique, and highlighting the impact of the world trade rules on farmers in Ghana. Sure we'll have to have some rather grown-up conversations with our children if we're to explain some of these things, but that would be time that is spent then wrapping up a shoebox. We must get over our fondness for cherry and develop a thirst for justice. The Reverend Dr. Jows Fraser, Vickaro, Putny Land, Lecturer in Philosophy at Wattam College in Oxford, England. How do you like that, eh? Good story. Huh? Good old boy. Yeah. 76.9% were done under 77% of people are funded on this stuff offensive because we can't say f***ing it anymore in this radio station and in this country. And the public is, move a little bit like that. How are we doing on stop at CC.com? We're making some progress there on our campaign. We're over 5,000, I know that. That thing should be so jammed up man. Remember yesterday? Yes, I did. 5,043. I mean since last time I looked at it, we got like 35 more people. Not good enough. Not good enough. We got Tara in Miami, whom I thank profusely. The other ones are like from other places on last five. Over 53,000 we have a signature on that petition. And I'll tell you one thing. If what happened in the last 24 hours, just a this show and on this radio station, if that's enough to motivate you, then guess what? It ain't gonna happen. My life and law, this is 4256. Where is you, A.M. I, this state Goldstein, if you can call me, tell me whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th or one hour. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future, act strange, and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable, than my own, me and the rean experience. Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice, crispies, and singing feelings, by the kernels go sniff, crackle and pop. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much. Rick, a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger, they've heard anything from Lewis. The annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Mone, a funeral. Play a go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall, yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees. Say the word, titty, without smiling. Always try to figure out who said polysure should start in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said jam gasey should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appears for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to KeraTops success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Ask a Bob Cosworth and Puss them on a long next door. Go on a car trip with Bob Cosworth and force of the stainless car seat. Try to dribble Bob Cosworth. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then school to their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine gomarpile and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it. Embrace it. Detected. And every so often take it out for a nice notch. Caron of not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange. And people will leave you alone. Now did you dump that before? Yes I did. Good. Good. Go on. See now got your son over. Now he dumped the T.I. word. Well no. We're not going to be a bar but nevertheless we don't want to take no chances. No. They mean that. They mean it. Well they mean it. They better say we don't have any room for great areas. You know what I'm saying? We don't want to be like an Atlantic. We don't want to be in the Indian Ocean. We want to be Pacific. All right. We want specifics on. Is that like. Well, don't say it well on with it. Send out the Putsushi on your pasta. You know stuff like that. With all due respect to those brainy lawyers over there. That's much you know worth. Oh, oh, the other things. They would know a radio somebody bottom one. Anyway, this is a good facts. I like this. I appreciate the sentiment. I'm appreciate it. It says an email that I sent to all my friends. I hope he's got a lot of friends. Says if you enjoy your freedom of speech. If you like the not so clean jokes that you get via email. If you enjoy shows radio TV, cable and satellite that are not TV. Enter the Christian voice 24 hours that I seven days a week. Then you'd better act fast because the FCC is clamping down so much. And they'll continue to do so until it's the only thing you can watch. We don't live in Iran where women have to cover up at all the TV and radio broadcasts are clean, religious and pure. We turn to these media outlets for newsnet entertainment. With the I think the Janet Jackson Super Bowl slip was a little over the top or not. It doesn't permit the FCC to take our rights away. And make this live out of restrictions that will make us feel like the Amish or even the people that are making it that are living in Iran and Iraq. If you want to continue to live in the land of the free you must visit this website and sign the petition that's on there. And then it's got the stop the FCC dot com. PSI usually can't stand emails that ask you to send them to other people. So you can see something is funny appear on your screen. But this one is important. And if you don't sign the petition for the email of people, you know, something really sad will appear on your TV set really soon. Sign someone that cares. Nice gone, pal. Excellent job. Haven't. Here's the fact that says from another chronic chronic factor. Alex. Why does anyone ever mentioned Bush's drug program on his right wing? Show a rush is drug. Really it pisses me off. Go because they screen a calls and generally speaking, then I could have put that crap on there. They're all set up. They're all contrived. Right. Hey, Neil, are any of the mobids clean enough for the radio? It's amazing that with all of this crap going on all of your show hosts. So don't acknowledge that. And even look at that. Isn't that something? Well, what do you expect from them? They're doing sports shows. They don't acknowledge any of it. All they talk about is David Boston. It's getting ridiculous with the Jacksoniffers. As Alex said, nice job, Alex. Yeah. How about a little bit of support from all the other people on this radio station? Who are just as outrageous as a police is going on. Oh, well, let don't affect me. I'm not worried about it. Right. Great. Here in the scores from last night, six to four. Three to two. Three to two over time. Well, that was the worst score. Four three and over time. That was the worst goal at Lannogabab, Norman and Norman and Weber's name is. And over time. Anyway, you saw that, didn't you? Saw what? Here's one from Peter. Can you play the bush and specter bit right? Peter, all dream on sweet. Are you crazy or what? Yeah. Some decisions. Specter man. That ain't even close. You're an egg and hear that, no, Mo. Here's another fact that says. Paced as you are. And you guys will love it. And what is it? I don't know. You're going to go past them and pitch bush. You're on the other side. Okay. Great. Just just kind of down little bit. Okay. We got plenty of our own fish to fry here. All right. Those of you who think this is going to be the dumping ground, the catalyst for all these political movements. Have we got to change the morally and I'll cut the crap. We're having enough time just keeping an amstation on the air. And don't say crap anymore. No. But maybe once an hour. Do. All right. We're up over 77.7%, 70.1%. Support the show. None of you above. See if you really support the show. You're not going to vote for any of these other words or farads or stuff like that. Yeah. I can vote for that. So that means that a quarter of the audience out there, which I don't know why they listen, why they would subject themselves because all of those other things, well, not all of them. A lot of them we never even said. See what I'm saying. Right. Some people like to be offended. That's why they're listening to the independent force. And obviously we're not going to do nearly as good of a job now that we can't say or play all of these things. This is going to be weak and play. Or are these things? Right. Let's see. Let's see. Fartsounds 25. So you see this is bogus. That's totally bogus. We just got a bunch of naysayers out there. Little chill and playing games. Probably Greg is on there, floating. Probably he probably out here at T if anybody in that building is farting a lot these days. It's him. Oh, whoo. Guernted. It's really interesting. Like reach over here where they used to be on the bottom of the bow. And they're just not there anymore. I mean, I can put a. They're good. Nice to have cut back from the old WSU win in 10th of days. Oh god. Kurt who finally got married by that. Silly a broad over there with the short skirt. Right. Suzy. Suzy short skirt. Brain enzyme a fat fighting tool. This is promising for us fat folks. Maybe. Oh, oh. Every time I see a story like this, I immediately printed out a situation. Please, please. Scientists say an enzyme in the brain and monitors energy and cells also appears to regulate the appetite and weight of discovery that could lead to new treatments for obesity. All right. The enzyme is known as a amp activated protein kinase or a amp pkey in a k. Ampkey. Never hear Lewis Ampkey. Jose Ampkey guy. It's activities regulated by the hormone leptin, which is previously linked to appetite suppression. Harvard researchers found an experiments with mice. Then when amp he was inhibited the animals ate less and lost weight when amp he levels were boosted the mice ate more and gained weight. Barbara B. Con later the study said to work identify a new leptin signaling pathway and promised a new target in humans. Promising a new target. It'll affect drug development and approaches for new corrections and treatments concept. Dr. David Collins University of Washington obesity researcher was not involved in the work said the findings complement research in Britain in which the hormone growl and appetite simulating hormone was also found with fact amp key levels. Some researchers believe that a amp can ace might be more effective in weight controlled and leptin because it works more directly on appetite and weight into the biochemical pathway in a brain. Well let's get some okay let me try some right now okay give me a bunch. Call up Wilmann see if he's got some. Got some good crap left over. 560 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon wireless line over up to 77.3% if we don't get over 80% by the end of the show today to a clock supporting us. Then George is leaving. Yeah. Oh that was a bad idea. Like I said if we don't get over 80% then George is staying. See that? Yeah. I'm trying to figure that out. What does that mean? I mean 780 votes in less than 2 hours. Josh 780 votes. And keep in mind that only one little teeny tart tart part of our audience can actually vote. How we doing on that stop FCC calm business. And I know there are a lot of people out there. Oh we're not going to waste our time with that. Oh do nothing. Well what's your idea okay miss or Mr. what are you doing about it? It's going to be really great when all you're going to be here is Dr. Franklin Graham on your radio on every channel and right wing James Dobson and Dr. Kennedy there from the House of Antisemitism and Crow Ridge. That's all you're going to have on your radio one of these days pretty soon. If you don't get with it like they got it sent that email out to all of his friends both of them. That's 1089. Bruce in the torch key. Little torch key. You know what that is? I remember a little do's coupe. Yeah, it's right down there. I've done a little poor. We got 53,497 signatures on Scott's stop FCC dot competition. And we're starting to close in a little bit on California. They got 8,970. We got 5,086. And I guarantee after another couple of weeks of this go by, we'll be right on top. We'll be leading the way. And what are the other people around the country doing about that? What I like to know? What's the sort of life you're doing? How come he's got a link to what they're on his free steering dot company's not plugging a hell out of this? He could have if he so powerful as he claims he is and he could be if he wanted to. How come this thing isn't going over the top big time? How come they're not blowing the damn guts out of this website with the petitions with signatures? Huh? This isn't about me a Roger. This isn't about Bob and Tom or Bubba to love Sponja Howard's sir. And I keep telling you that every day it's about fascism. Man, it's right there in front of your face. You can't say this and you can't do that. You can't play the part sounds. We're living doing these things for 20, some years. I'm good man. And all of a sudden somebody just decided out of nowhere where you can't do that. It's not decent. Based on what? And if you do, we'll find you 50 trillion dollars. Geez. Based on what? Based on a bunch of bureaucratic clowns who sat around and just made it up as they went along. What are we supposed to do with the public with? And look at this. There you go. Our great military leader, Rallem Boutouch. And man who was a wall and he stand out there in the full regalia. Who the hell's he kin? In full rip. Yeah. Yeah. 12 13. At 5 60 WQM. If you're in a dead end job and believe you may don't get in a radio as that is it was before. Don't even think about it now. If you're underpaid over work, you don't have two nickels to rub together. Here's the answer for you. Fast train gets you get you trained in a new high paying computer and network professional career and they can do it in as little as four months. That's right. Just make that one easy call. Get off your ass because you can be fully trained already for a new career in the middle of July. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to surround your schedule. They offer job placement assistance and financial aid for people who qualify who needed. Fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve you. So if you're not making squat, if your boss is a smuck which is probably the truth. Don't delay. Pick up that phone and call them today. Check them out of the web first if you like at fastrain.com and then make that call a continue life a round. In just four short months, you can have yourself some real training, a real career and a big paycheck. Call them today 1-866 fast train and be sure to tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call my my. Hello. This is 436. 2-1-2-1. I love the 19-4 things. Put your body. Yes. When does that grant for you? No. No. I love the 19-4 things. Put your body. Yes. When does that grant for you? Yes. When does grant for you? They'd lead on their fatherland. When those are not in supply sales and elegant gathering. Okay. You can see the red light from white and touch on the potter. You can untitel it in the bar room. Yes. These are the sounds of a glorious time that has been arranged. I'm pregnant and darling. You're not being disturbed. There is only one clear child. It's never provided you in any choices that are real term. The white guy is who knows best. The one you should see at me. Oh no. I love the 19-4 things. Why can't you get the choir by now? From 19-560 WQAM. Join the... What is this? Catch all the NCAA action today. Join us to somebody. For the singular wireless fans, David Buster's Nahaliwood. Enter the winner 52 inch TV with surround sound 300 dollars cash. You can send away two of the mad dog followed by the bookstores for. Plus, why you're there enjoy a $5.60 per fee. You've got that 5.60? It's cute. David Buster's Nahaliwood is a sack down to the 6. Anyway, you know that WEBN website that I read so proudly in the Adiati Adiati. That's the Commissioner's after that. That's her channel station since then. Remember that? Yes, I do. Well, guess what? What? All of that stuff that was on their website? Yes? It's all gone. Because Eric emailed me and said, If you got that, please set it to me because I'd like to use some of the material which I did. I hope you got it, Eric. I've actually... But it's gone. Because I went on there myself. I thought Eric must be going to the wrong place. Now I went to WEBN.com and there's the regular record. Nothing, even referring to any of that. Wow. What a disgrace. What a shock. Be a front to 77-4-2-3-7 on there. Who aren't offended by anything? Let's see. It says, uh-huh. But I have big mouth. Well, not even that on the air. You better watch your faxes too, folks. Because the fax, please, might intercept and you might line up in a Who's guy with Martha Stewart. That's a fact. I'm not a faggler. Don't forget to check out your Burmour on our behind the beaded curtain that I will. Well, you can. Those people have cell phones. Those are broadcast. So... See where I'm going? Why? Language on your cell phones. The FCC's going to try to regulate that. Oh, of course. It's broadcast. Oh, you can't say, fuck anybody you're talking to on a cell phone. Forget about that. They'll be knocking on your door. No time at all. We have a way to get on Heaven's door at the house. Here's the fax from Lydia says. Today's the guy made a bad mistake due to curiosity. I went to see the passion. It was horrendous. The movie has no story or acting. Was there's a gruesome bloody and exaggerated torture movie impossible to watch? And the actor who plays Jesus might be of the musician Yani. So I kept thinking, stop torturing the poor guy. But the most unsettling thing was all these parents of the movie theater with their little kids. I saw three, five, eight-year-old kids have addicted to watching two hours of lashing, beating, kicking, hand-mailing, bone-breaking, and chunks of flesh flying, and blood everywhere. So realistic that I had to cover my eyes. These parents should be arrested for child abuse. Once again, the right wing fanatic message to field guilty says Lydia. And I go on Lydia. Don't do it again. How do you like that? See, they're worried about us saying all of these words. I'm making fart sound. That's bad. We're going to go to jail. We're going to get fine. Like that. But taking your little kids to see a bunch of whipping and flashing and flailing and the flesh flying everywhere in chunks of crap and blood, that's great because it's good old-time religion. That's the subject of South Park last night. So there's the whole deal. The idea on the one hand, the same people that are taking their kids to see this graphic. Religious crazy people, they don't want us to say, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck fuck. purpose of that poll. But I didn't just pull this out of my earlobe, okay? Or any other Orifice. We have a memo from Josh Darrell and Duff Lindsey, and of course they're just doing it because they're their lackeys of the QAM establishment. The corporate attorneys have instructed them to instruct us to pass it by us. We've been informed from our corporate attorneys, then in addition to the so-called seven dirty words, the following words and sound effects are considered course language in our prohibited. No exceptions. Zero tolerance. The words are PR. I can't tell you the rest. The I change the first name. T.I. bar. P.U.S. I can't tell you the rest. Hard. I can't say the rest. Hey, hold the bag. Set and set. That's the part of it. S.B. G. T. W. C. O. And Fart noises. So here now we have 10 more words and fart noises which we had seven. So we got 17 new prohibitions to head to the already seven we had before. And I'm sure that this isn't the end yet. Not the end. Back home. Don't not that end. So that's why we took this poll today because we had to prove a point. And it started out about 82.83% of the people found none of these offensive and in terms of their listening on their show. I don't think a lot of people really understand that plus of course we have the naysayers who just want to make us feel like crap. You know. Yeah. Where are you? Discussing. Yeah. I'm busted. We're listening, but you're disgusting. Right. What does the making sense to me? We have 851 votes. Holy moly. Do you see that? I do. It's only talk 24. Six hundred and sixty once they know they've all of 77.6% and if you have your computer they take a look at the list because I'm not going to go through the whole of verbal gymnastics to read them again. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just flipping out about all that the crump hole that's going on. The only thing that makes you think that there's some light at the end of the tunnel. What's that? Well the last election like my wife has a bunch of more on the like 50 friends that are like earth people tree huggers that are voting for like meater and all these idiots because I'm principle. But and I had a friend of mine who was super right wing that was buying all that crap about the defense spending and all the other bullcraft that you hear that they showed that on throats. Even these two people that are considered absolute morons even may have seen the light because I've spoken about them. And even they even they can see what's going on. The tree huggers not going to vote for meater and the right wing guy is actually fed up with what's going on because of the censorship. So the only thing we can hope for is that the rest of the world is not going to get blind. The rest of the country won't be blinded by the crap. Well well that's part of it and the second part yet opens that the Democrats grow some co-hones between now and then because they're they're equally guilty in this whole thing as far as the censorship is considered. They're they don't have the co-hones yet to say no. You're absolutely right and I don't hurt you mention it as nonsense but you know I know this people have to listen to you that are pro-bush and are going to vote for Bush no matter what happens because they're afraid and I'll tell you what the- They're afraid. Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait they're afraid of what. No I don't see the fairness they're going to vote for Bush no matter what because they're afraid of Terry because they think Carrie is soft on the war but you know look at look at the facts Bush and Cheney on these chicken hawks as they're called because they've never said one day in the war Carrie been there and seen it and the only reason he didn't vote for those uh for those uh those uh those war those bills for the defense spending because they tacked on all those writers where does it the mill that the no compete clause all Bush's buddies could have the contracts right so you remember that everybody when you think Carrie's soft in the war he's not something a worry something pushing his buddy you gotta war here all against the guy who just does stage photo lines like he's doing right now thanks a lot palic thank you yeah that should be it up to me every every every radio station's right wing it's driving me crazy you the only voice austerity I'm going nuts I love you man stick with us 200,000 Iraqis including 78,000 nuclear police are protecting their fellow citizen right like all the ones that are dead bleeding the liner in the streets you go to the you tell them the idea that he's standing there in a damn military outfit and just enough to drive me crazy just enough to drive you up the old wall just enough to make you click out of that dancing bushing on our website well let's pick a little bit of a dance it's a flat jacket yeah he's gonna get a lot of fly hopefully this year make no mistake about that especially in November if we count some of the votes only count the ones that were carried by the way I hate to break the news you're not for later not for board we're not count knows this time how do you like that man and and yeah call getting even time w you phony you crook you in a whole crooked bush family man that got some mishpoha crooks ross 27 past noon a QM it's the last mortgage you'll ever need is the only one mortgage from our friends at financial group the benefits are positively in credible you pay zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit zero fees zero discounted points get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25 percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 334 a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 66 the atma and don't forget once you eat finance you get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again so call 1 866 395 land get the low rate mortgage you deserve then move to the next property with no further cost of expense you pay zero underwriting fees zero dock fees zero closing cost even when you moved to another property get the new low rate financing of just 1.25 percent it's the only one mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing cost again column right now there's no obligation of a heavy to give you all the details call toll free 1 866 395 land that's 1 866 395 L.E. and the the Renequil housing lender restrictions apply rates are subute change monthly 4.21 APR local this is 5.60 3.00 yours QA Canada a land that's produced rock and roll's greatest performers and now these legendary conducts p-cruvutes one another on this new CD the best of Canadians singing other Canadians featuring Anne Murray's version of this rush classic modern day warrior me means try today's time so here me and rush is take on this and Murray's standard the best of Canadians singing other Canadians has all your favorite singers from Z2 a like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number old man look at my life your I don't like my husband for that no Neil Yon singing Celine Dion's biggest hit but it's not all there's should I explain singing riot atoms crash just dummies doing the lattice more set snow wrapping the guests who and Gordon White put performing this smash hit 3700560 WK Mad Dog at two from a David Buster's booster at four and another rest of the stuff look at that full and manages smoking WQM not there nobody on it not one call she that's the price you pay man when you start doing these campaigns when you start doing a crusade when you try to get a little bit too serious like the sky is falling they don't care can you believe that yeah believe it right well I think that's going to be on the list tomorrow the dial tone it's going to be on the list of noises see the far toys we just the beginning of the next list of sounds you can't make no more unamount up here like right now no way not no more WQM hello I've got a lot of gas I hope Michael Powell I'm happy for your what he WQM hello gay no you know I just can't believe what's going on with all this stuff I just gotta tell you WQM hello Dr. Dumpa what's up buddy Neil yes sir are you doing pretty good is Neil there Neil who you're not just speaking speaking you got him oh well so I'm sorry about that I don't know you okay sorry man let's say one of them things you know second generation this and a multiple college all right crazy man this the censorship thing is crazy not to be dead horse but I know we're not a lot of your far charms but what about the Barney pit no tell you can't keep you right no chance to mean Barney takes a okay well I just thought I'd ask don't ask don't ask and we won't tell how do you like that we can't tell no we we can't tell you in fact I think I got a I'm gonna have to stick this in the 360 one moment just uh forgot about it yeah there you go so no matter what you ask if you want to hear it look got about it because we can't play it no more we can play no model which is good at least until tomorrow we can play no more no I have a some good news though terrible good there's a little thing on my copy of this memo what you didn't see and that is if one of these words gets on the air the person who says it not the person who plays it or the person who's hosting the show the person who plays it who says it whose voice it's in that's the person that's gonna be fired immediately so for example if you were to play see what I'm saying now he can thank me for having a quick finger there the moment because he said you see so you better start kissing around the right place moment because if your voice gets on her saying you that's gonna be the end of your story old ass see how I got that all in there without kind of backward 757% that's not good enough then they're gonna do it it might be okay wvc 77 but then they're gonna cut it for us none of the above 78 how many votes we got on there now 911 oh 911 the reception from the hundred first airborne division now you know why they're called the screaming ego yeah we already we already know that was great we know why they're called the screaming he goes gay yeah that might be it 567 0560 pound five so that will put away with words he's got any funny guy 77.7% my ass that is lame that's a kind of support we got out there look warm man really look warm wqm hello who am you sir yeah wqm hello qm hello who knows sir another front of voice so that's the end of that that was a lot of fun huh i'm surprised you did that oh yeah i'm sure glad i decided to take a lot of these great call because they when i when i saw that there was not one call in the board that was the message we'd like a message for us and we have no more material we have nothing else to say well thank you very much for your enthusiastic support and excitement wqm hello hi Neil yes sir you know how about this is a theory the nation supposedly very divided right now very equally you know Republican Democrats you know it happened to the actual resolution the election last year i have this feeling that starting here in Florida and throughout the united states Democrats are going to come out in much larger numbers and people expect i think that's already happened to a lot of the primaries and this may end up not being as close to the election as people think and uh we may be able to think about it bush yeah and then what what's that going to do for freedom of speech well for one thing where we're certainly in line to have some members of the pre-emport uh replace and i feel a little better knowing who is going to be putting people there yeah well i'm going to say what's that going to do in November on January 22nd next year after a carry would be inaugurated what's that going to do for freedom of speech is you're going to make the Democrats going to grow some balls is you're going to make them understand that people don't want all their freedoms taken away i don't think so democratic party is only one step away from being just as bad as the Republicans hard hard no spine my friend they have no spine they're fine less and gutless and that's why we have nowhere to turn well i think we have no weird turned if uh if most of this repression or or a large amount of it has come in recent months then then you have to take some of that on who's in power at this point yeah when you look at the FCC and when you see that two of them are democrats were just the Michael cops is just as rabbit as the other ones he's a more rabbit than Michael pola about all of this stuff so that doesn't give us an awful lot of hope that's why we're trying to get on this petition thing going because that's one way of people threaten these politicians before election time maybe they might just wake up and take a look at it otherwise forget about it because you expect the Democrats to grow a period and it could happen all these great defenders of civil liberties and freedom of speech in the first amendment where the hell are they that's what i would like to know there haven't luncheon's out there in california would sit send with sing low whatever names there haven't luncheon's that's gonna really do it baby that's gonna really that's gonna really solve the problem right sure there haven't tees and luncheon's man and waveny old rubber chicken can we say that oh sorry mayor U AM mc How's that? Hell yeah, five years she's looking at, she traded inside. Just like that. One desto fine. Just like that. She'll be doing time. Just like that. Hell yeah, five years she's looking at. Put mothas doing in a penitentiary, The next thing you know, you'll be smelling poke the grape. While hanging curtains up and so block these, You'll be cooking up a new recipe. La! Well, Lord has one to add again. How about she'll be an emeak and all that's much spread to go? Now it makes in your oven soup rest. She knows what trouble goes with it. Bath is a lady that's worth over a billion bucks. I hope you enjoyed it with hot saram license by contract star. Before the cafeteria they'd be, Each building table's got a floor set of peace. She can sell it, cook and write good books. She got pretty fashions and pretty looks. I'm sure she'll make crazy like home. We feel maybe trying to decorate her appeal like this. Moth is newer than I. And just like that. And for what she was trying. Just like that. You're reaching her heart. So that's how you find me as she's looking at. She traded inside. One test of five. Just like that. She'll be doing time. Just like that. How about you? She's looking at. Well, 45. Are you watching this thing on CNN? I have no. About the fighters in the long-to-packest and Afghanistan border in your ass. Slime about maybe protecting a high, uh, what are they called? High-value, well, kind of target. All right, the border. Maybe Osama. All right. I understand what you're saying. That's fine. Well, she can do it. Fine. Not unofficially. There may be some US troops. Is that what you're suggesting? I'm not. Honestly, Wolf. I am not suggesting one thing or another. I can't honestly answer that. Is it possible? Sure. It's possible. But what I can tell you is that. The package. Yeah. That one this fight began two days ago. They did not see it as significant, and in fact, they were routed. Uh, they lost a number of troops and a number of troops have been taken prisoner. It was only after that that they realized that they had something bigger on their hands that they first came to realize is you know, this is a very complicated area. You just, you know, you're talking about something out of the 14th century. Not the 20th century. It's an area where the Pakistani government literally, I like the US. I've been allowed in until the last few months by the tribal leaders who owned it. Uh, but now they're in there. Now they're fighting and now they believe at least there is a possibility. A possibility. Enough of a possibility that the president of the country would state it that they have a high value target in their sight. All right. Let's get them all okay and fry them on TV. What do you say? Sure. And then maybe we'll fight Osama too. Whoever the hell it is, just to make everybody feel better. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. WQAM Hello. Not there. QAM Hello. Uh, a little meal. Yes, sir. You have the last voice in free thinking of America. Uh, it was interesting. You had a call. Uh, I called in a little while ago. And uh, happened to mention a word concerning a, uh, a slang word for homosexuals. And that was, that word didn't make it to the list. No. And, uh, the word that got, that got spanned bounce stops to hear was a slang for a, passing back and that didn't make it to the list. No. What a great country, huh? Unbelievable. Sir, let me say it's again. There shouldn't be any words on any list. Exactly. Exactly. And it just, it's mine. Foggling. Amen. I would don't say that again. He's gone. I think he's going to say mine blowing. Oh, oh. 567.0560 pound 560. This is the last day. I'm going to get so uptight and all better. You know, I'll continue plugging the petition thing. That's fine. But I'm just not going to do this because it's, uh, you know, what's the point? Right. I know, I'm serious. What is the point? The people who care, they'll go on their own good time and they'll sign the petition. And they understand what we're talking about. And the rest of them are just about to more on, anyway. Let me just like what you were talking about with Howard and his audience. About, uh, you know, 90% of them couldn't even make the expert as forced to sign their name on a contract or on a check. And this is what you're dealing with. And those people are going to, I mean, take a look at that. The result by that petition drive 30, uh, uh, a state of 20 million people. And they got 3800 and some odd. I better go back to what again here. 3800 and 41 signatures from New York state. Even Florida, we started with 1700 to 1.5 days ago. We got 51.66. So at least I'm motivating a few people. I'm screaming in the island and jumping up and down, which is going to stop tomorrow. I'm just going to go back to being, you know, very memo. Right. But I'm inspired today because of this latest list here, which just keeps growing and growing. You can't say this and you can't do that. You can't make this sound. You can't make a sound. You can't make a fart noise. I mean, when I say, grow up America, that's the other state of the century. Pretty soon, it's going to be back to WC for water closets instead of saying, TURL it. These are Sunday. The English thing, RT bunkers portion of Daisy's even he be in various one Sunday school rules. Now, Sunday school is far more advanced than this. This is, this is for like, right, you're right. We really read some of these in Sunday school. Little teeny tiny children. I think some of these were talking about juvenile. And a public like I said, the overwhelming majority, they got their own fish to fry. They got their own agenda. And, you know, they just, they want to make enough noise. That's the problem. The religious nuts that we keep belly I can about. They make noise, man. They just, they're the ones that do all the screaming. You know what I think about the squeaky wheel gets the crap, the grease. Speaking of crap, Burger King's biggest franchise. Eastland, the fast food chain's marketing and new products says, unsuccessful yesterday. And as if we've ported a 66% plunge net income. And deservedly so. Most people are tiny eaten rubber. Carol corporations, I didn't realize it was Carol's. You know, Carol's used to be a fast food chain back in upstate New York, back in the back in the day. Though. Carol's corporations 350 one Burger King restaurants performed poorly despite a turn about a major competitors said, Alan Vittooley, chairman and chief executive of the Syracuse New York based franchisee. Nationally, the number two hamburger chain has trialed market lead to McDonald's for several years. Unfortunately, the performance of our Burger King restaurant suffering in 2003 from the ineffectiveness of a number of unsuccessful system-wide marketing and product initiatives, many of which have been appended in the past few months that he said in earnings release. Analysts said several Burger King's plans including promoting its burgers as fire grilled and introducing chicken sandwiches and salads last year have largely fallen flat. See, now ordinarily, I would reach over and hit this button here. Moron, save it. That's Chris Moron. I mean, that's Tom Hopkins, making fun of Moron, Chris. Officials at Miami-based Burger King didn't return several calls. Later in several calls yesterday, seeking comment. Carol said, same store sales at Burger King restaurants are sales from those open at least a year. Bell 7.2% last year after a 1.3% dropped the year before. Same store sales are considered the best measure of retail or sell. Maybe the public is trying to tell you people something at Burger King, okay? Maybe that's your food sucks. You think that could be it? Yeah, that might be it. That the burgers are dry. The fries stink. I don't know how the fries are. I don't mean fries. They're pressing good. No. They're what? They're not good. They're not good, see? Your onion rings are an insult to the onion, okay? In fact, I think the people who grow onion. No, seriously. You know what I'm talking about. It's like a little bit of a tiny, a batter or a ringer batter. There should be called onion things. Oh, no, they're not onion anything. Just batter things. Here's a little cardboard box with a bunch of fried batter in it. There we go. You can get a search party in there. You can get the most musk red. And you couldn't find a real onion in those things. There it is. So maybe they're trying to tell you about it like we tool your garbage, okay? And I'm going to say it again, when these is heads and shoulders above either of the other two. In fact, that so many people are eating in McDonald's is a sad commentary on the taste of the American public. But again, we got lots of people eating vanilla ice cream. Oh, man. But that was a better price. Yeah. Looks better. And they'll cause you're much faster too. Yes, they will. Cause you'll eat a lot. When these is where it's at. I don't know. I want to go for fries. Go to Amsterdam and stick some mayo in that brown crap on it. I'm afraid to ask what that brown sauce is in no comments. For me? For anybody? I think no. Fifty three thousand seven hundred and twenty four signatures on stop FCC.com. How's Florida doing? Fifty one sixty six. We're coming along. We're making New York and Ohio embarrassed and Pennsylvania. And then the something we started out with this thing, too. What was it? Monday? Something like that. No Tuesday. Was it Tuesday afternoon? Like the second half of the show. Somebody called and turned to some of this thing. And all day yesterday, we're banging out again here today. But tomorrow we won't bang it so hard. I promise we'll just go back to being. Look at like us. And we went from 1700 to 1500 and 66 people who took the time out of their busy lives. Actually, he filled us thing out which takes a few seconds. Not good man. And have the cohones to put the balls to put their name on air. And sign a petition. The petitioner government to cut the crap. The stop with this ramp and censorship and making it up as they go along. I have in my wildest nightmares. I could have never dreamed of this. It's like, I have one day you got in your car. You started the engine. You pulled off to the first intersection. And they said, oh, that's as far as you're going. And you said, what do you mean? Well, that's it. Speaking. No, no, not speeding. You're not allowed to drive in any of these roads. No, no. But I got it. Too bad. You can't get there from here. Take a helicopter. Start flapping your arms a little bit and see if you can fly. Because you can't drive. And it's just based on what we just decided. That's what this is all about. We just decided. That. Oh, not. Are our. Are you that? Did you hear that? Are. Are. Are. What happened in Bostra earlier today? Three or four more explosions in Baghdad. I thought that everything was under control. Not so. Three to four more explosions hurting Baghdad. And more people are dying. But we may have Osama surrounded or maybe Mullahullah Omar or one of these evil doors. Yeah, and then what? And then they were all set. They were singing us the big song about another. We got saw them. We got a lot safer. Oh, yeah. Tell that to the relatives of all the people who died there since December. And so only the middle of March. The public just doesn't want to get it. The American people are just beaten down or just, it's a sad thing to watch. They just don't have it no more. That's fight. 256 at 560 WQAM. This is for twittling. You way am. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. Three to three. Three to seven. The barrier. All right. All right. The barrier. 101. I'm smart. I think you like to play. I had five 60 WQAM. Let's get eight million calls on here between now and 2 WC or let's play music. or let's play music one of the other. Either way. 77.4% of the audience supports us. They don't find any of these things offensive. 767. You know, we're going to get to a thousand and 990 in just a matter of moments. Even Josh, he's just, he just can't even believe it. Whatever happens with the computer situation in your, uh, your little test of home there. Oh, we got it, uh, taking care of, uh, a little bit. There's always a problem, no. There's always a little glitch. A little garlic work in anyway. I see. What do you, what was that dial up working? Yeah. Well, that's a good start. That's a good start. Yeah. I'm going to have to go over there and deal with it. Now that I'm in. No comment. 3 or 4 explosions heard in vague dead. Josh didn't. Bombe. Once again. Sky miles will Brian on CNN on that before we, uh, go any farther with that. Kira. Yeah. This is, uh, on approaching the anniversary of the Arachatac. Oh, I'm sorry. Operation Iraqi Freedom. I'm sorry. 5605056, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Can a little bit too worked up about this just condo. See, I'll tell you right now. I don't need any of these things to do the show. Yeah. You follow what I'm saying? Are we meant the fact that so much of the material that we've got in here we can't play anymore? Because a lot of it was very funny. And, uh, you know, we liked it. But you just can't do that no more. So as far as laughing a lot, start learning to cry a lot, you know, it's kind of balanced things on. That's it. That's better. Can we still play that? No, kill it. WQM, hello. Hi, guys. Dr. Neil. Speaking, yes. Neil, fantastic. You are truly the voice of reason. My wife, my both voted on the FCH, stop FCC website. Thank you. We had an idea for you this morning. Since we can't use curse words anymore. Maybe we should use the whole cabinet as curse words. In other words, you know, condo leaves a, you're a colon. You're a cheney. Stop being an escrow. That's not a problem. Oh, I got Neil. Excellent. Good idea. Thank you. That's like a rip off. I said, grove it off. With my rebreak and reach. Some of them actually sound close enough like Ashcroft. Yeah, you're an escrow. That's good. I like that. Excellent idea. Palmy. Thank you. Cool. Now, what? Oh, yeah. Something. I think he just, uh, now we talked about this several weeks ago. We decided that. That's not a good idea. I can't say, although they have sense of the first name and device president. Right. Now, I'd sure love it. I realize that I want to put Josh in the, uh, Duff in the position of having to, I mean, No, it's a place in a position of having to finger it out. But I mean, let's get serious. Dick Cheney, right. Considered course language and prohibited. And again, it depends on the usage, which is to an a lot of cases. If you have half a brain, you know that. And I'll give you an example. Okay. One moment please. I can find it. I'm looking for it. I got a search party here. Oh, yeah. Here it is. Jamanditch. I am a pop. See, can't say that. No. But in that particular case, you should be able to say it because that doesn't be for too well, what they're upset about. Right. One of these things is a product that's on any shelf of any, uh, supermarket drugs to anywhere. Well, let's, uh, I don't want to find out which one. Well, that's one of your favorite ones. I don't want to hear which one. I'm not going to say it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to work on that over, uh, between out and more. We'll post it right on our website. Oh, yeah. Well, we know what you meant by well. So big deal. We don't care what you know or what you think you know. We'll put it right on our website. The glossary. The glossary for the new Roger show. You. Bush and colon. Yeah. Yeah. You bush and colon liquor. Don't be an actual idea. I'm going to get pali thanks. Now, again, we, yeah, I did it with the idea of the several weeks of the net. I know. I don't know. I don't want to do that. But now that they're taking all the other words away. In fact, this guy inspired me when I called. And by the way, do I have to see Rachel along with the bleaks? I don't know. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. Never has there been a more perfect time than right now for that. How about a QM? Hello. Yes, sir. Can you film it on something today? Can you censor your website? No. From all, because I notice that you have. You don't have all the bush stuff on that anymore. Sure we do. From the features. I mean, I mean, you mean the old bush stuff just click on features. It's all still there. Just come down. They have a mess with our website. Yeah. Because I like to point out to you. The QM has nothing to do with our website. They want to make sure you understand that. They want to make very emphatically the world know that. Beesley broadcasting is nothing to do with the arrogors.com. And we're proud of that fact. There is no links from our website to theirs or vice versa. And if you go behind the beaded curtain today, you will see Drew Baramor. I'm sure that the beesley's would just be a gas to see that. You'll see Drew Baramor. Right. A magnificent picture. Looking squeaky clean, which is the way to government likes it anyway. Right. They like it squeaky clean. Why the hell did I do that? Where the hell is? I don't know what you did. Well, let me just go back to the home page. Where is features? And I sure hope Eric got my facts of that thing that I facts to them. I don't really see features. No, no. Where the hell is it? Oh, there it is. And also, don't forget to take a look at Ramasfer. You can watch him in action. Listen to the audio of him lying on the eat the press or whatever was on Sunday morning. Space denation. There's old Michael and his pals. Why am I even doing this? Why am I even doing this? Why? Why? 560 pound, 560. It's on air, pal. Just click it. Just keep clicking it. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes I am. Long time, Lisa. Lisa, I got a couple of questions. I don't know the time why everybody is talking about re-election for a guy that was never elected. He was appointed, right? So, may be a point. Yeah, that should be the term, right? Yeah. You can get all this enough to re-epoint him. Yeah. The other thing is, can you use his last name and vice president's first name in the same way? Don't know. No you can't. 560. 560. What? Oh, no chance. No chance. No pass it one out one baby. Man. You got to be real careful. You got to tiptoe through the tool upstairs and to be real careful. What you're saying to whom you say it? And if I want a lot more power to be monitoring what's going on in your website too. They want a lot of computer. So that they can check everything you're doing. They're going to be in your bathroom. I like that cartoon you said. I mean that was cute. Yeah. They're going to be looking in your toilet. They're going to be snither going to pass the sniff test. Well, it's a good thing some of ours don't stink already. WQ and LaConda Lisa right. QAM hello. Kiss my rump. WQM hello. Anyhow are you doing? Okay. You know, one of the classic bits I wouldn't say with a great bit. Can't play it no more. I know. Whatever it was. If ancient is the damn crepitation contest. Oh, forget about that. Yeah. I mean, the next thing is like how many zooms of years old. About 30 years old. About 70. I think that was in the 30s. About 70 years old is about. Right. You know, when you talked about how you could do a show. Even under these restrictions, you just reinvent it. You know, I understand that because I'm not trying to kiss your. Go right on. Kiss away, man. You know, your your quality broadcaster. Sparing your great. But you got a lot of these guys on the air now. They're not going to know how to do a show without all this stuff. Oh, then that's for sure. A lot of these morning shows, especially on FM, a lot of these morning guys. That's the whole act. Yeah. Guys like Bob and Tom, who are really quality broadcasts to use your term. Those guys can do it because they know where the line is. But there are a lot of these guys that are just on there. You know, just blurting out a bunch of crap. They're not going to be able to do a show. No way, man. They're going to have to. It's just going to be a shot to. I think they're listeners. When they try to do these shows that are, you know, not with this edgy material, because it's the way they're going to be able to do it. I think the the only sweet thing in the midst of this whole thing is that the company that's getting almost all of the fine so far. I mean, really just getting nailed as cheap channel. It's such a beautiful thing. It's so well deserved. Well, yeah, I mean, but they're making so much money from. I mean, I think in some ways that may have been done on purpose to make it more acceptable. That the Republicans and the Bush administration, they're slapping the hand of clear channel. You know, who's been the target because they have just been able to take a monopoly position in the industry. Yeah, I don't think so. I think, I think, you know, they'll take their contributions and they'll they'll use them as a tool to run these rallies and so on. But other than that, they're going to show them. They're going to slap them in the line along with everybody else. Also, somebody mentioned young Neil, why you couldn't play that. I think you say, do you do bad or do you? I can say, do do bad again. Yeah, I think you can play. Oh, yeah, if you want to sell it. Well, if you were there, yeah, you can talk like a five year old now. That's about it. Okay, well, listen, have a great day. Take care. Bye. Okay, it's got this radio, QAM. Sets it radio. Maybe I'll just do the show on and for you. And then I'll think, guilty is on. I don't want to do that. Not good for the numbers. Poor guilty. Of course, guilty is dancing on jig jigs, McDonald's retirement. Now, he's just waiting in the wings. Oh, yeah, well, radio is so much more difficult than television. I'm going to be a great podcast, eh? I just can't wait. In fact, you know, I don't think I ever played that good last week. What the, the guilty, I do in a hockey game. I don't recall. Did you hear it? I don't recall. It's all along the ponder side to be honest with the book. But I mean, I don't know what I'm saying. Yeah, right. Whoa. Okay. The end is a plane hockey. Against the, you know, I'm the loser and go to Manger Thak. And I say Thak. No, no, can't say it. Anyway, it's 11 after one at 560 WQM. We used to be pretty exciting. My and local numbers. Sports radio 560, QAM. It has a result of a wardrobe malfunction. Then you may be eligible to collect millions and damages from Janet Jackson. Do you suffer from any of the following damage eyesight from staring at your TV from four inches away? I'm going blind. Typhoon tunnel syndrome from rewinding your TV over at over as over again. I'm going to get the sun. I'm going to get the sun. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Then join the clouds at your loss. And against Janet Jackson or this Jackson. It's asking. Janet Jackson down a ball. Oh, when ball for you call 1 800. Now. Doing Janet Jackson is not a substitute for getting a light getting off your button, getting a job. Oh, thank God. He said, Tidily. It's 117 at 560 WQM. Was there anything in there that I missed? No, I was coming in monitoring very carefully now. We're going to be listening real closely to all of these things to what? All of these things. Thank you. 1 to 77.1% of the audience had support. It's just the rest of them. You're disgusting. Well, good. Glad you enjoy it. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. Yeah. I'm just off the fire. That's about to deal. Well, that's good. I'm glad somebody is. I'm going to get on my website as soon as I get home and register my whole family. Good. Good. Beauty. What about talking and thinking about it? How do they know what I'm thinking about it? What if I think about it? Yeah. We'll go learn some. They don't want you to think about it. They know exactly what you're thinking about. The thought police. First we had the word police. Now we're going to have the thought police. That'll be Vokobrine's next bit. The thought police. It's coming. Oh, President Mosharov says that there's a pervert name Heels up there and we got him surrounded. No, that's the last several days in an area that intelligence. Is there anybody whiny or wimp you or I never TV then Aaron Brown? No, no. With a worse hairpiece. Oh, I think he's growing most muskware at over there in Islamabad. Who do you QM? Hello. No, can you say ano? No, we can't. Who do you QM? Hello. Tell her, is there anybody who won you or anyone who won you? Who won you? Yes sir. Hi. Hi. Yeah. FCC is sick and he's out badly. Okay. Thanks for the bulletin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. See, this is what gives us the encouragement to continue. You know, to fight the good fight. Right. The wind beneath our wings. Exactly. Even as bet what say herself if she could. WDQM. Hello. Good afternoon sir. Yes sir. I'm in a position where I unfortunately depend on clear channel for my livelihood. I'm so sorry. I've told me about it. I'm an artist find a major label and unfortunately my medium is dependent on companies like clear channel and their station to play my music for that. Right. Get paid. I cannot believe the or death of these people especially in an unnamed CEO of clear channel and sell who would tower. You know, the lack of backbone that he presented to Congress about his, his stand and his apology for the whole turn into them and everything. And it just kills me that I have to sit here and I have to play both sides of the, you know, the sword here. But you got to do what you got to do. Believe me if I had enough shuckles put away that I could say goodbye. I'd be out of here already. I'd be out on the street smoking a big pet stoke. You same bye bye to all of this crap. I'm right there with it. Yeah. And that's what I understand. You know, how it's through and with all the respect. He's taking a lot of crap. But the fact that I'm at a resist guy is got tens and who knows how many millions he's got at this point, right? So instead of whining all the time about their picking on him and it's all about him, which is not about him. But instead of that, if he's fed up with it, if he can't stand restrictions, instead of making a big publicity stunt out of it and then making a martyr out of him. So why is it just say goodbye? He's going to like he can keep his show on E. He can write more books. He can make more movies. What does he need it for? He could do anything. And I think he, you know, he's got the power now more so than anyone to make an example. You know, he's got the power. He's got the finances behind him. He should take a stand and make a movement. At least to educate people because I think a large part of the problem is a lot. I'd say a broad majority of Americans are still very ignorant to what's actually going on. They don't care. They want their, they want their jury sprayer and they want their... We're just going on here every day and saying everybody vote against Bush. That's not the problem here. I mean, Bush is a part of the problem and the right wing. But the fact of the matter is that we got a two-party system and the other party isn't the way anything to protect us. Exactly. So we need the people who are, you know, quote unquote on our side. This step up and actually start doing things. If I tell you right now, if I had a month, if I were on the year in a market that he's on in New York and LA in Chicago, Detroit. And until if I had one month, I would have 20 million signatures on that petition drive and we'd be doing something where it is supposed to make it an e-go trip of all myself. The tides are changed and I did in fact sign that petition on the stop. You wouldn't be extra. So but continue to continue to accept and I hope that you actually start reaching some more people. Good luck, Alan. I'll be doing my part. Thank you. Thank you. There. 21 past one at 5.60 WCN. There's a great call. You see, if you take 50,000 calls, you get a couple of good ones. Somewhere along the line. We're at 77.1% of the audience there with us. The other people are against. Which of these words do you find most offensive? TW-91. 825 to know the above. Part sounds 39. Oh, I'm so sorry. How many times can I say I'm sorry after all these years? But 30 minutes. PUS and arrest of it 38. CO28. V bag 17. S bag 10 which Simma. I mean that is just so ludicrous. So juvenile. A whole seven. The president. The vice president's first name six. PR which rhymes with his first name four. Uh movie with a T2 and hard to swallow too. Get set up. That's about 169. Oh, brother. Do I say a thousand. She's the answer. 122. How do you like that? That's it. Wouldn't surprise me though if we're getting some before being in a day to hear. We're getting a freaked a little bit. Yeah. No it's crushing. Huh? Oh yeah it's killing me. I don't know whether to come back tomorrow or not. WQM. Hello. QIM. Yes. Yes sir. Am I talking to Neil? Speaking yes. Well I want to talk low because I'm hoping nobody will ever trace this call. I'm calling for a nude beach here and uh, North Miami Beach. Yeah. And uh, I'm afraid I'm doing something illegal. Yeah. This is that. This is the comedy. Yeah. Yeah. And the other thing is I want to talk about the oil, high and high oil, probably. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, like I said, if you take 400,000 calls, you might get a couple of about third man. Yeah a year. Wow. 52 50 is our total on signatures on a petition stop FCC dot com. New York state's got 3846. There's something really, really wrong. Mr. Stern. There's something very, very rotten and wrong there. But don't you think so don't you find that just, uh, shocking? Oh well I will say this on his own, uh, petition robbed to the two clear channel that they're putting together. He's only got about 4300. So, evidently he's not really pushed that making a big issue out of it. So it's not just an ego trip and a martyrdom trip about the Howard Stern on the cross. And it really is about a sensor ship and a first amendment. Then you think that he'd be really pushing this thing. I'm sitting here in Miami with about 40 listeners and I'm doing it in Best I can, you know, beating them all over the head with a baseball bat, which is unfortunate. I'm not going to do it in no moment, after tomorrow. But God, just to have one day, one show tended to one day and be heard by millions of people. That's all, that's all I asked just one day and make something happen. Just like that, that's right. WDQAM Hello. Hey, New Haru today. Okay, sir. Good. A couple weeks ago you ran a poll as to why people aren't doing it. And I said they're afraid. This is exactly what they are. They're afraid to come out to say anything. Nothing against you is, is you like it in your paycheck and you're going to form to what they want you to do. Sure, you bet. The same way everybody else. That's why nothing about this is going to get done. Nothing is going to get done. Well, we got 54,000 people, at least had the guts to sign their signature on there. Well, I, I signed it, you know. And I have no problem signing it, but a lot of people are afraid to come out and speak against it. Because they're afraid of maybe losing their job or they're afraid of the repercussions that they don't. Yeah. Oh, I happen to get it. Well, that's pretty sad. Because if you don't know guts, you deserve what you get. Exactly. All right. I'll see you at the border, man. You got it. I'll keep an opening for you. 26 after one at 5. 68. Catch all the NCAA action. The NCAA action today with QM for the singular virus fan jam. We're going to be jamming on it. And David Buster's in Hollywood ended up in a 52 inch TV with surround sound 300 dollars cash. It gets underway to with the man dog followed by the booster, Boobshombie at four. And why did they enjoy their five 60 buffet five hour and 60 cent even George could afford that? Maybe once a month. So that's David Buster's in Hollywood. Speaking of saving money, spring of the savings right now and save a ton like never before And a great new car truck from armstrong's Toyota of homestead. You'll find among US one just 20 minutes out of the 86 armstrong's Toyota homesteads worth the Drive no matter where you hang in and out because they're going to save you thousands on Great new Toyota's. Check out these great leases. And all four camera your four one are for just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an all four hundred for just 309 a month. Need a truck? How about an all four Toyota 10 with the safest truck in America for just 179 a month for 48 months? These are just some of the savings going on right now. And armstrong's Toyota of homestead. And now with the toll increases on those people using cash on the turn bike. Armstrong's Toyota homestead will give you a free sun pass when you buy your new car or truck at their joint. General manager David Richen is staff will do just about anything under the sun to put you an Toyota day. So experience for yourself the armstrong Toyota of homestead difference locally owned locally operated committed to 100% Customer satisfaction too. Their service department is even open late till 8 week nights to make sure that your service work is done right. You'll find them on US one two 93rd Street in the homestead just 20 easy simple minutes out of the old 836. So don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always over promised an underliver. Get sure that their dealerships under phony pretends do the smart thing that call in David Rich the GM and armstrong's Toyota homestead. Call him a 305 2 4 2 32 47 3 0 5 2 4 2 32 47. Travel a little and save a ton on a great new Toyota at armstrong's Toyota of homestead. My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my your my my my my your my my my my my my my my my my my my my my na. I may. We're sure I know I want to do it We're more dirty but don't fire me too I just take our tradition to uh There's a chance we'll put it back on the situation You know how many signatures they got on those positions? $4,452 That's New York Chicago LA Detroit Philadelphia um You name it Atlanta Houston Dallas Boston 4452 I'm impressed Pretty sad 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon Wireless line effect What we're gonna start doing is we're gonna go out and start doing a lot more appearances So we can meet a lot with the other no birds in town WCW AM hello new yes sir This is this nail sounds like me yeah Oh yeah, that's okay. Yeah, the guy that called I don't believe he's a recording artist number one number How do you know that? I just don't believe it he had exactly the illusion the Granger listen That guy about stern he has a guy that pushes a button. I don't know how whatever got out got out But he has a What push does it does that? Yeah, so and he always talked about that And so so he's making a big deal out of nothing We don't know when you when you say how I got out first of all He was talking about Rick Solomon's penis size and then a call or use the inward I mean when you compare that to all the other stuff that's been on the stern show last 20 years That's not something that the average board operators gonna dump It's not and no, it's not an the FCC wouldn't find him for that either That's see this just happened to be the day before hogan John hogan testified and for that That Congressional committee I'm getting tongue tied myself and as a result they just use that as an excuse to dump him off the clear channel Stason that's all people who had the sacrificial lamb. Oh Yeah, and he that's what he thinks he is that's what he's making a big deal I don't know but the fact of the matter is it isn't just about him though See he is being made They're using him, but it's just not about him. It's about everybody who's on the air I agree with you. Here's a better still making 30 million dollars a year that's still on the infinity station Which is the majority of the state of the curiam and and but the love sponge and Tampa He's got fired Why is it all about Howard Stern and thought about the other people? That's the sad part and The problem is Howard in his own way is like rush. You know, he's got his own little group of dittoheads and And those people are like, well, it's it's all Howard all the time Well, the whole world isn't about Howard Stern. I hate to break the news out to you But nevertheless It is Dennis and the pit of hell Tampa says if you wonder what the hell is going on with the memo It sounds like a management decision and not a legal one. No, no. I never said it was issued by the FCC. I never said that It says I will look into this matter soon Maybe the general public will begin losing their jobs over slip of the tongue as we lose our freedom And the FCC puts a desk of upon our freedom. I will look into this matter soon whatever that means No, it wasn't from the FCC. Let me read it again I guess I haven't done a good job. I should have read this once an hour This is the determination of the corporate measly attorneys based on the machinations and the threats of the FCC And I completely understand. I don't agree with the couple of them But it's not for me to say it's Johnny Mattress would say it's not for me to say This is from our program director and operations manager purer The corporate people ray indecency and the memo says We've been informed from our corporate attorneys that in addition of the so-called 70 awards The following words and sound effects are considered course language and our prohibited and you'll see the whole list of them right there Our pool to the end of website. That's what a pool came from Including fart noises So this is their reaction and believe me it's not just the beeslaze every company in broadcasting I want you to keep on other thing in mind as well You see where it's infinity which is via comm and CBS and worth billions of dollars When they get fine, you know a million dollars is that they paid out millions for the steering show finds over the years So this is nothing new with Howard That's why all of his baloney about well, he you know it returned against abortion That's what they've picked it on him. That's bull crap They find him millions and infinity's paid those fines throughout the years because he's made them what they are today a giant But how about some little mom and pop company that owns one or two radio stations, huh? Right and somebody goes on here and says well, what do you know? Whatever five or six times well you take 500,000 times five or six times that's a two and a half million dollar fine That's gonna put them out of business which also continues to further consolidate what we've got a big monopoly known as radio Because only the big boys are able to pay these humongous fines So cheap channel has to pay the $773,000 fine against Bubba in Tampa which they paid a couple of weeks ago and they got the quarter-million dollar fine against Elliott in the morning and Washington on WWDC which they'll want to pay in So there's a million dollars Well, that's a million dollars. It's a lot of cash even to them, but you know something when you've got a virtual monopoly When you've got 1200 damn radio stations all across the country and the billboards and all that you monopoly on these concerts and all the other crap that they've got that's small potato For company that made nine billion dollars last year Million dollars is like the pocket change just reaching your pocket and feel the change while still not against the law yet And that's what a million dollars is like the clear channel But the little guys God forbid that they should get finies millions and zillions that I was because that's the end of them So like I said the beat goes on and And if you know what them you know something I'm thinking that that American pile American Airlines pilot a few weeks ago And that's the way I think he was on a something yeah Remember when he told you a passengers if you don't believe in Jesus you're crazy right? I think what he sure said is if you don't tell everybody you believe in Jesus you're crazy at least if you live in America Because the Jesus Christ is man. They're not wasting any time. They're taking it all over. They got their thumb on it 77.4% of the audience say none of the above. They support us 100% which we appreciate very much in the rest Yeah, what can I say to you? I Follow you You Been on land on all about ten minutes From Miami Sure. I'll just take the bullet trade Now you can travel from he West to Jacksonville in less than 15 minutes on the Florida bullet trade Thanks to your well-resist landslide boat a And Why just take the Monterele for some barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa Right into this game day Where you can explore the tropical barrier reefs made entirely of Cuban view it Your whole confidence in the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the Florida bullet Train which had a definition of the Florida bullet train call wait a minute Wait I love it. It's my favorite 143 how come we've got a wellness trainer here on CNN talking crap right now. We're not seeing more about what's going on here in a bag dead Huh? Nobody cares anymore. Oh, it's small potatoes down there and how come we're not seeing Osama Yamama getting a horse whipped and grabbed into custody, huh? So they're taking parade him around saying see see the voice mice. They're got him first. We got Sodom and Abigail Osama Of course is a little bunch of people still dying like crazy and they're riding in the streets but nevertheless and you can't say crap on here, but nevertheless You just watch you mark my words. They will get Osama federal I probably did and Then the stuff is gonna hit the fan. Oh my god just like a phrase bush like Jesus that one bit that bokeh Brian does praise bush like Jesus Wow, he's gonna be bigger than Mary Tyler Moore 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, you're not just speaking I hate it. I'm sorry. Let's go. I'm a little alright a couple things you said earlier sir I knew about how this country you know turning you around and stuff And I just want to say our forefathers must be just absolutely doing three 60s in the graves rolling in their graves man and It tells me it's just as bad as it does it does you cuz I love this country I love with everything we had a one point in time and it's just it's just in sad sad shabbles now and The other thing I want to just say was it's gonna be really if they curtail you anymore and you can't speak I don't know I mean it's just a sad save of affairs and the Rogers and I'm not belly again from a personal standpoint I was in it but I think I'm clever enough to be able to do a show without seeing any of these 500 times What a great because if there's anybody in a college and it is you sir, and you are very very intelligent Amen and so real quick. I'll let you go because I know that you're you're a real quick I can question or I don't know that you don't like talking it, but I am a hockey I love my flyers and I know that you don't like the flyers I just want to say that I got centralized just from the from us, you know from the satellite company right and I get all the I get all the hockey games and I just much as I hate your trauma maple leaves I love going I love the announcer since the other team have I get the way you guys play hockey you explain to my eyes big time and Especially in the West Coast as well and Talking about everything you don't let him sense you please I love it. I love you too George and have a great day sir And you are a nice and heavy meal. Thanks a lot. Go leave school the game and fully night leave set the flyers I think it's gonna be really ugly. I hope not, but oh, you think the leaves are gonna win the stand-up? No, no No, I really don't it's really a shame, but you know, it's good They can continue gouging the fans here. They'll pay however much whatever they got and then they'll mortgage the house to keep Bino tickets every year and the ownership knows that but oh and guess what? I don't want to say it because then the panther organization will get even more angry with me than already But the John tells me that last week at the house to must have at 87,000 soliciting calls reminding us that the first payment on the panther tickets for the next season We're due and of course, you know, we set it in But is there gonna be a next season? No, no, what are they gonna do hold another that money all that time, huh? I'll say it again. I think all of us were in a wrong business. Let's just hold a whole bunch of money And earn the interest on it and then we'll give it back, maybe how's that sound? Okay, in other words, if come maybe after your two will give you something to change force It'll be really good, but in the meantime, I just hold on your money and then you'll get it all back Nice going Alan Cohen it's a panic Fine, and I have to laugh with the mode this morning the two minutes of that show I heard me ask you all the how many people would have to game last night About 15,000 it says 15,000 100 in the paper, which means it was probably about 11,000 or 12,000 there and a butcher probably a couple of thousand islander fans And how many people actually you think paid for the tickets? I don't say that with any joy. I said it very sadly is the big hockey fan that I am, but I mean, you know You can put all the freebies and Fony answers in the seats that you want it doesn't make it doesn't make the franchise It's very sad Thanks again Wayne WQAM hello Oh, I think I'm pretty Pardon? Can you stop saying joy and you skip? No we can. WQAM hello Neil, good afternoon. How you doing? All right. All right. Listen, you forgot to mention the fact that Push they're gonna Three days to set the election they're gonna find a post in London. You know, I don't know They've got them now, man. They've got them now. They've got them They've got them They've got a percentage like three days for the election They're gonna get the whole of a bush in the one alone for job again by capturing their profit and by the way Don't say the presence name no more. We can't say device presidents for it It's just dawned on me when I'm comparing the presidents last name with a lot of these other things on this list Not necessarily you cannot say the vice presidents first day and no mole No mole and you certainly can't say we just have to call them W Okay, okay, can we all agree on it for now or Dumbo something like that. I'll tell us W or Dumbo or something like that. No, but you can't say Right, don't do it. Oh, we're up to 77.6% of the audience that supports us enthusiastically and wholeheartedly And it look in a belly acre crab out any of their words or sound those farting sounds 44 people 3.7% of the audience say the most offensive was those farting sounds Oh, well those people ought to be real happy today We ought to have a very happy audience Because we don't want to offend anybody. We love Jesus. We love Moses Jesus, we love Muhammad. We love that's a satellite guy Muhammad. Oh, that's right. We love everybody It's a 10 before two at a man dogs over there at David busters It's gonna be interesting. I don't think I'm gonna listen because I got better things to do like OE lunch But in the interest in to see what my colleagues on this radio station. I like the facts are previously said No, just when I would David Boston this and David Boston that and papa papa, bye, you know And it was basically plus of course how guess he had is grand auto-ranair or something? The guts of his book. Oh, why? Well, it's a thing he does often apparently I beg your pardon. That's what I heard He had his daughter and then and his grandchildren And his granddaughter said Greg reads a mumser. I'm starting like that family better already He makes my bishop The Και Hey Corona HaLUND Stay Insert Is the one We get down there, I believe all they want They take their way Don't put me down, we got it That way I'll hook you and say You got it, we won't let back this time We got it, we're gonna smash my teeth You say none of the levels, what they got you to do Can't get any gumbo, throw them on a car to breathe You believe what they say When they shout, like the ball, I'll have a little fool As they embrace the state to the core I sure hope you don't think that was our taking a leak No, yeah Oh, I was right there, that's just a ball We got it, we got it, we got it Oh, it's not a manual piece, we got it Oh, it's a ball Oh, it's a ball, we got it No, that one's okay That one was a name, I figured that might be right The word called, it's all a sign of mine The word called, it's all a sign of mine The word, it's all a sign of mine The word, it's all a sign of mine So, right next to each other One, two, throw the judges from our cell You're gonna watch what you say you better or else You'll find a set, you'll find a set You're in the white color, I'm on a parade Every day, I'm on a parade I'll pray, I'll pray, I'll pray I'll pray, I'll pray I'll pray, I'll pray Oh, you are finally, you're a medical friend It's a value, if you don't confess to me There's a person where you think you're We'll kill you in a ways of things from chains You'll win the sweet chase, not as easy The word, the days, they won't impact you by death The word, the days, they'll find the first and I said The word, the days, they won't make the right step The word, the days, they won't make the right step The word, the days, they won't make the right step All of these things We'll save, we'll save, let's bury our hands That's a loop We'll save, we'll save, we'll bury our hands We'll save, we'll save, we'll save Don't show a hope, so to find one example I'm going to die at your mercy We'll see the same, we'll save, we'll save We'll save, let's bury our hands We'll save, we'll save, we'll save, we'll bury our hands Wow. Do you drink it on late times? Oh, I'm fucked up. You're a murderer man. Stop messing the button. I'm pressing it down. Alright, so if anybody in the audience hears these strange gaps in all the book like that, I'll go understand that we can't see nothing no more. Okay. We have to wait till the coast is clear. The case you missed most of the show today, we had another memo from corporate attorneys saying you can't say and you can't say, and you can't do it. And you certainly can't make no fart noises on here no more. Now does that mean electronic fart noises are like like that? That was just a... Not a raspberry. And what do they say? What is that? That's where you asked me. Yeah, about the red of the breeze. We're going to be playing a medley of their hits tomorrow's matter. Fact from 10 to 2. I think music is the way to go. I'm going to think about this very at least for the next two three minutes while I'm getting the rest going lunch. Jesus songs and instrumentals. Alright, let's praise Jesus. 247. Thank you. Oh, God station. Oh, we're late to heaven. Oh, we're tickin' to the heavenly highway. Oh, we're tickin' to the same Peter, but I think we can say Peter no more. Bye, bye, bye. Thank you. Show, unclicing. Don't you do it. I have a plan for another day though. No Rogers loves my pot. Just me on the mouth.