Fires what a joke Mind if I should hear stranger nothing I can tell about it Where he had gone west to deadwood deadwood dead And I hear they got a lot of curge you know when I'm Looking for a job. We're doing to work in the conferred will Want to be a cool you know, I wanted him a jinx that works on the railroad You ain't Chinese And I can wait for the China Legal dope next stop dead word This is it One This must be deadwood alright. Yeah, that's me Well, I got a door and I'll put a rubber band on my head You probably go see out Oh, that's fine. Maybe I could be a hooker So Big stars But I got to go look at the work you know, I'm certain I get this ugly old man out of our office and beat up to the pace I Don't dare to it Hey One Honey after ten at five sixty WQM here's the a pull question that it which is already up in his got a few votes Well, we'll be the biggest impact of Howard Stern on WQAM. He'll send the ratings way up He'll screw up Neil show. He'll bring tons of people back to AM radio not much I don't give a crap about Stern. He'll drive away tons of sports nerds or he'll increase the crank calls big time I think I touched all the bases on that pull very well. Yeah, by the way, that is our poll today Would the elected or not clearance and tough? So Duff was all that they were in for Myers and would the rubber group are practicing for a censoring the Howard Stern show starting on Monday of being the dump button monkeys Sitting there with our triple dump. Ever take a triple dump. Well, any better fact Let's see Craig and Miami says the biggest impact on the Stern show will be complaints filed by all those fascist quizling old Jews in Miami Beach and others by the way Quizling old Graham. Speaker. Quizlings. Yes, we have the sovereignty video is up and running on the side The sovereignty one, which is what we've played that clip for where Bush gets laughed at by the audience because he hasn't widely with her talking about The clippers up there on Neil Rogers.com. So along with taking a peek at Eva Herzegovva and it are voting on our pool take a peek at that too And also take a peek at Ricky Williams of tribute video if you haven't seen that or even look at it again In fact, eventually to watch that is if you're smoking a big fat one and then watching the video at same time and did kind of like doing it in stereo So anyway, we got a few votes on there already. Let's take a few can see how it's coming because we have very limited time today Thanks to the Marlin. Oh, right. We love to Marlin's and especially when they played day games And like I said the other day and fact, maybe that was another one of my psychic moments remember when I said to you what you really gonna be great is when Stern is on and we started about 1045 close to 11 o'clock And then at 1230 we bail out for the Marlin pregame show and get paid not the same but more because Stern coming on guarantees the double bonus you're be reading book guarantee chain Are you starting with a cheap stuff again? Oh, touching what will be the biggest impact of Howard Stern on W2A and we got 43 votes so far nothing in this spectacular. He'll send the ratings way up 18 I don't give a crap about Stern 9 He'll bring tons of people back to AM radio six. He'll screw up Neil show five. He'll drive away tons of sports nerds three He'll increase the crank calls big time too and not much none. Oh big oh none say the whole of no big impact I think that's obviously true right right but for this audience it's pretty amazing Now you saw that the L president a nominated Porter Goss of Florida to be the new director of the CIA right got the other political now first of all Probably most people don't know this that's not as real name if you were real first name is I give up mixture Yeah, that's just right and of course it sounds to you or so he didn't want to be called Michigan President Bush has said that representative Porter Goss is the right man to lead the CIA This is an evening or two he knew today to lead the CIA But as a five months ago the nominee didn't think even he was qualified to work there Much less be the director The Florida Republican tool filmmaker Michael more in March It is true. I was a case officer Clandist in services officer and yes, I do understand the formation of the business But I couldn't get a job of the CIA today. I'm not qualified He's got this on film by the way Goss will not become a lucky millionaire in the congressman after leaving his job as an agent explain I don't have the language skills I you know my language skills were a man's language is in stuff working for Arabists today I don't have the cultural background probably and I certainly don't have the technical skills as my children remind me every day Dad you got to get better on your computer So the things that you need to have I don't have more interviewed Goss Chairman of the House and Tugans Committee for a documentary for a night 9-11 the power was edited out by more still has all the footage I'm sure to lie liberal lie mission God spaces tough criticism in the confirmation process from colleagues like representative Nancy Pelosi and Senator J. Rockefeller who agree with him That he is not qualified here's the guy who says oh, I'm not qualified to even work there much less be the director and Bush's oh Yes, I'm on her because he's a good partisan Republican and it will suck up to the Florian's real good too. That's a rich Now do you think that most people in Florida of any idea about mission God? I don't think you have any clue what that's all about 5 670 560 we'll try to get a spurs a few call here today because I know we got a lot of great calls I'm in lately We got some heavy duty stuff to pass along and it will zipper into that Marlin pregame show sounds like a plan to me like it about 12 30 30 And then of course like I said after the volume you got more Howard David I'm feeling in for these suspended hate gold bro the much below that much misty gold bro the Humper the Rotten This was our sport really when you have to know I'm gonna tell you if they think we're gonna sit still on this show and watch your Hank It, you know just to toss on ceremony silly out the door. They ain't gonna happen. Okay. We're not gonna sit still for we're not gonna put up with it all right You grave robbers you queezly be oh, I just tells me that the kid with a banjo. He's still hanging out with their beastly headquarters on a West Coast Yeah, so good a little along in the tooth, but of course that's the one two He gets the menu. They expression long in the tooth. He's still picking on it and the banjo too WC about a way of fact we're still in the hospital QAM hello Great Remember what the hurricane is always a blow in a fuck Okay, yeah I think your call was one of those in fact maybe both 26 past 10 at five 60 as he picked it on brand or cross again. They're good nice gone Little brand or cross the weather furry getting everybody whipped up into our frenzy Is there any rain out there look at your window right now? I'll be right back see any rain? No In fact, I'm looking at my window. I see blue skies the sun is shining looks beautiful Hey, if we are what we eat Why do we just eat better? Well the truth of matter is we are creatures ahead of when it comes to eating We don't want to give up those comfort foods our taste buds basically will are logic for those of you out there on low carb bags You know how hard it is to live without pizza So if you're on one hello carb diets Cutting carbs cafe is got a real treat for you cutten carbs cafe you'll find them in sunrise They're building up a following for their multi-grain pizza Their multi-grain pizzas full of fiber that delivers a great taste imagine that a peachy We'd a conetro sting two-year low carb diet. It's all about their philosophy of good low carb Good ones cutten carbs cafe understands that you know it's yourself and your kids eat better So how about eating a tasty pizza with less carbs and turn your most carbs into lean muscle? And there's nothing like having a lean muscle give me a drive a calling with nine five four five one four Oh oh oh one. I think they only want me to do this so copy so I can read that phone number 80 million times and go nine five four five one four Oh oh They're looking at the same classes. Applebees and office deeper on a song rest call today at nine five four five one four One Concarb's cafe also has an assurment of way out raft so be salads carbodias as well as some Fat free low carb ice cream to this copy is garbage just drop this number down and soon you're gonna be enjoying a delicious pizza made fresh to order and Stop feeling girly go to lay column right now at nine five four five one four Oh one that's nine five four five one four Oh one and be sure and tell me the old meal sent you by I Screwed me up But me No, carrots group the whole thing other sales skip that we don't have time for it anyone right I was gonna put a Brian or crossfit I mean that that's a rejoin That's where it was yeah, oh, not the not playing the new data. That's okay, kind of get six parents again With a bunch of crap we got like who knows 10 33 already at five 60 WM less than two hours away from the Marlon pregame show oh been lobbing hence major assassination U.S. intelligence officials say a high profile political assassination triggered by the public release of a new message from Oshama Yamada did laden will lead off the next major al-Qaeda terrorist attack the Washington Times be seen The assassination plan is among new details about Qatar plots disclosed by U.S. officials from media with intelligence reports who's speaking on Condition of anonymity of course Said the killing could be carried out against the U.S. or four and leader either in the U.S. or abroad The officials mentioned Saudi Arabia and Yemen Two nations that are working with the U.S. and the battle against del Qaeda is likely to go chaos for the opening assassination The timing for the attacks to follow involves multiple targets in multiple venues across the U.S. Long official said the new details about Qatar's plans were found on laptop computer belonging to a rest of the Qatar operative Mohammed Nyehm Nurb Khan of Pakistan was supposed to be kept secret and the Saudi adiati but of course the Bush administration and the Western media decided to spill it all over in the blue the whole thing We're talking about planning at the screwdriver level when official said it's very detailed These screwdriver level you understand what that means no I don't exclude So there's the latest from Osama you know your mama who evidently is still alive in well and did not capture did not Whatever not having no kidney problems What will be the biggest impact of Howard Stern on WQA if I think Duff is gonna have a nervous breakdown We should have put that on there too Okay, Duff Lindsey has an nervous breakdown. Yeah, let's get that on there right away I'll let it Because he had a couple days of practice over there on a West Coast and evidently yesterday I can't use the inward But evidently the entire last 45 minutes of this during show were involved in various descriptions of the inward as in kiss a good morning and things like that and Monkey and a lot of a pejorative terms for black folks so Based on what muffled me the report that we got before the show today is we put a head of like Block out that I just don't know how this is gonna fly I think it's gonna be really fascinating what will have not only discerned people tuning and we'll have other people to And you just to see if how many dumps they here You know have a good dump in the morning with Q&A good billboard right don't actually they probably get pissed off I like that idea have a good dump in a morning with QAman Howard Stern and The Duff Lindsey Have you always fascinated a fan oh, I know I haven't 148 votes the biggest impact of Howard Stern on WQM starting this Monday morning August 16th at 6am don't don't those time But I'm not promoting it He'll send the ratings way up 55 I don't give a crap about Stern 36 he'll screw up Neal show 22 Although we're pretty pleased about that To drive away tons of sports nerds 13 you bring tons of people back to AM radio 13 to Increase the crank calls big time seven not much impact only appear only two Line nine are very favorite WQA and hello WQA and hello Yeah, sir Glad to hear you back George you get good job for old number for it Neil we the pig What is it we the pig yeah Good stuff 560 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQA and hello No, not see there's anyone Not really no, no That's an old one well recent but but how old but mud Oh Damn I thought we had a new Western listener No, somebody QA and hello Hey Neil how'd we go all right? I Of course I hope Jack comes and dies of death So to wait but yeah, we can start in that emotional we can't put it on here now Craig and Miami who couldn't stop the first time and these people are just out of control So Texas continuously does he really yes? What's the really trying to tell us Craig? I have no right Oh So all the voters who voted he will screw on Neal show Don't realize that we now have nine hours of entertainment from 60 and a three p.m. instead of only four hours from 10 to two p.m. leave it to you sour push out so that it isn't to not see the bright side of something you guys Maybe want to punch my fist in mose Back to what it says here from Craig and Miami who's trying to tell you I have no life we know that Craig it's obvious Anybody that keeps practicing over and over and over again a bunch of and sip and crap WQA and hello I knew I was great Let me sum up on how we suffered the last three july we're gone first Then he got mosed spoiling off morning now he's spoiling my afternoon Then they kick off angst now they just block at both camp or whatever his name is he has no personality nothing Where is this station going to now we're going to the hikk Howard spurren coming up? Yeah, how are we gonna survive out here? How are you gonna survive? Get a life or a good idea? How are we gonna survive out here? See this is what really kills me about About some of you people so radio show Let me ask you this question how often do you think I turn out a radio here? There never never I don't just I mean, I don't have a car here so I don't have that option of driving around There would not windows up or down so I don't and I in the house would I turn on the radio? No no no chance never I think the only time I've ever turned on a radio here was when the leaps will play in a playoff game against the I don't know a couple of seasons ago and I wanted to hear Joe Bowen get his steric a while when it over time I think I recorded that play down the year, but other than that, I've never Turned on the radio. I mean naturally if we don't be turned on a radio we'd be out of business So we want you to listen to the radio. Oh, what are we gonna do out of get a life get a freaking life? Okay, listen to what you like If if your life is listening to WQAM or whatever the shows that we got on the air whoever's got on the air That's your life. I'm telling you right now. Here's the answer for it Right in the middle of the brain would be good if you got one or right where your brain used to be But you think I'd be a good idea sure But I feel you feel out your diary of course first right WQAM hello Yeah, sir. You know that I said I carry a voter for the bra mech. So do you see one? Yeah, I You know you always try and it's huge contrast in the thing that I push it or not see at all this But I carry also what the limit what you can say on the radio. I know then I talked about that But not but you can't that over pretty quick like it pushes the light here past all work pretty quickly But the fact is we got two incompetent run it against each other But carry as much more benign and bushes we already find out is malignant ignorant and an idiot other than that is great I've had passed over that I talked about that it'll length the in fact all the other different times when carry in the Edwards Other than the Senate Democrats have a chance to send up and butcher They haven't done it in fact when we had also a whole big bruhaha about in decency any FCC Didn't I talk and scream and yell about the fact that none of these people had the false to stand up against it He's a little bit like a huh he's a political creature He's the right is another political And that's why that's why how are Dean didn't get in because he wasn't supposed to get in because he's too freaking honest And he opens up a big mouth and so they went out of their way to make him seem like Irresponsible is terrible like a out of control lunatic is what they did and it worked like a charm That's right I'm a big good John carry proponent, but it compared to bush man although from 4,000 times if I can get away with it Because that's the kind of horseball choice you got in America two-in competence One who's you know, well a little bit on the abonine so I'm yet a one whose extraordinarily malignant two more Digi-US soldiers today by the way. Oh, we forgot to mention on Tuesday. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices Right and thank you very much for creating all those invisible jobs to their sensational 19 till 11 and 5 60 WQA me heard me talk about drag concepts for years and years on this show in fact I've used him in my homes for over 20 years or nothing has changed When it comes to having your corporate furniture or draper clean your area rugs your expensive oriental rugs The only name you know ought to be thinking about his drug concepts no ripples No 595 room scams or any other add-ons at the end of the job The people at dry conscience we were written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their fantastic job of Dry cleaning your carpet. It's a rapid drying technique to your carpets are dry in just an hour and a half A smell of many fresh. They look like brand new You really can clean today and entertain tonight with all these years of continuous service and south float I guarantee a big red reads life on it. You can trust a good folks a dry concept to do a stupidness unbeatable job And right now to save an extra 15% off on the already unbeatable price Tell them to put you understand by list when you call dry concepts and they'll save it like I said even more than they're already Unbeatable price calm tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 7 1 Rhineland it's dry concepts calm dry concepts making carpets clean since 1970 young Of course In Irritable but now there's hope it's the choice of heights carry book of edict Here's your chance to learn from one of the etiquette trend setters of our day If someone even takes you pick a deep breath smile at them and they ripped the heart out But sure raise a high and scary book of edict gives you hints on how to handle awkward social situations Oh, just Sob it that's your raise a high and scary book of edict It's a time for all this Let me think it's a hot hello I am today's a high and I know fine languages that makes me smarter than you I am a billionaire that makes me richer than you. I have been married to two politicians That makes me a whole lot unhappy other than you. Just find my bank home Take down and shut up And if you don't like what I am saying Shut up The choice of high-scary book of edict is available wherever fine Shut up She's heavily medicated make no mistake about the 10 47 at five 60 W.M. Marlin pregame in 12 30 the cartons and town to play the marlins again Marlins had a couple of tough losses can't score any runs. They got the runs not Now this fast you just send me if there's anything I love it's people that tell me what to say and what to think and what to do I love that It's just it's great that Howard Stern is gonna be heard again in South Florida the more freedom is speech at least as much as a lot of the day on the air waves The better Plus since Howard is increasingly filling his overtime with bush bashing that can only help our cause especially in this way instead of Florida I can cure with that whole heartedly Like maybe Howard and I can team up to make sure the carry wins Florida, huh? Maybe It says now another part in underlined and in a big Bull print however it is crucial On and before I read the rest of this this is a hoot I noticed that you I'm looking at that radar. There's a little blob in the glades, but it's nowhere near a data broward I Notice that you now want to our mufflands you don't understand. I said let's put on there Dufflands you will have an reverse breakdown. You said okay and then you put on a poll Dufflands you will have another nervous breakdown that though you said no, I something sounds like something the stones would sing As in maybe his 19th Or it's like Another nervous breakdown. That's bad, but anyway, he's one of the things you got one. He probably voted that Anyway, this facts will unsigned of course However, it is crucial that QAM not censor Howard show locally. I sure hope that muckers listening of this In this post Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction era Howard's network already has at least five layers of dumps and delays He's constantly doing battle with his network sensors who are hard at work protecting his listeners don't add to the Unlisted ability of the show for QAM This is the perfect example of you knew what you were getting scenario remember the brush limba on the SPN or Scott for well on QAM If QAM is bringing Howard on board for his ratings why would I want to further chop up or show this already chopped up in the network level But it's precisely that on the edge content that brings in the listeners Well, I guess we lot a lot of on the edge content brings in listeners, but people are one lose their license group ball expert It says by the way as soon as bush signs the new radio and decency act in the law Which will penalize not only stations, but also broadcasts how it's his he will just play music to one of the 17 months left on his contract Great that'll bring in the Ed Revenue's and listeners He also said that as soon as no Carmesan a goddamn relief the infinity and Viacom that he was gonna be allowed And he take a walk along with some other people didn't he say that? Yes, he did take a walk no, is he still there? Yes, yes Also, and here's my favorite part of this facts I love people that are condescending that talk down to you like well, you better understand this and you better understand that Also don't denigrate sternalist news studies are showing that they were intelligent wealthy. I'm making impact in the election Support our anti bush cause wrongless same team some of them I'm sure our intelligent wealthy and Malmagan impact a lot of them are morons just like our audience So this is so in an answer about don't say it is I'll say whatever I want to say okay Unless of course it's about Something we can't say like Hank are good close personal fat friend Hank right which really frost my ass Oh, I know that they would just like to have in like vanish and disappear and In addition to which anything that Moe is involved I always wonder what kind of subversive stuff just might be going on in the background You know, I mean I just wonder what yeah, what kind of crap is going on there 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT and Verizon wireless line Porter don't call me missha gosh says he's not qualified to be even a member of the CI much less the director and Michael Moore has got it on film the interview right from it The horse's ass. I love it What will be the biggest impact of Howard Stern on QA and 241 votes is our well we're getting a few votes on this one anyway Cozinda ratings worry up 81 I don't give a crap about stern 60 He'll screw up Neil show 37 he'll bring tons of people back to AM radio 29 He'll drive away tons of sports nerds 20 to increase the crank holes big time eight not much impact five and Duplans you have another nervous breakdown another nervous breakdown One vote for that WQA and hello WQA and hello Yes, sir It's not oh Yeah, hold me how are you? Okay, I'm not getting back to carry the list of why you're oh thing I don't know these way heroes They're wondering they feel that they they you know, they just so honorable with a bubble lover They can't get into it with this, you know, you have a guy is a complete zero I mean you did nobody brings this up and what room seems was this the person is media The men's not even is me so white nothing like that when he opened his mouth and said he was gonna break up these media But not please you type you know what I mean you know, I love your best wishes and Here more do okay What you hear more me the end of August when I go back to my regular schedule We're still on the summer schedule Georgia beyond Amara and every Monday wins the infra day to pretty much see into the month and I'm on Tuesday's in Thursday Just to keep in practice Which I like the two dancers they think I think that could be a nice long regular thing and I'll tell you what We're gonna play music to effect your past Because you can't say crap right? Back wasn't rust fine gold or Wisconsin the only a senator that voted against the indescribable I'm I got he's a hero he is our hero rust fine gold good Jewish boy In Wisconsin Democrat and the other senators just all caved in because nobody wants to be perceived as holding for indescribable And all those words on a radio and naked boobies and things like that because America generally feels a bunch of prudes And that's what they that's who they panned or two they're a bunch of per- I mean Democratic party is just so weak so lame They ought to have bush being perloined right now I mean all the stuff that he's doing you got a couple of draft Dodgers bush was a wall in the guard and of course Cheney he was busy checking out his achy brety heart five departments. Yeah Couple of draft dodging goofballs in there and the meantime you got a war hero and we got these idiots these fully Rolly right wing Nazis right in these stupid books Where's that article I got on that these swift vote veterans for yeah Yeah, I'll put not these brigade right Jim Rassaman a Republican veteran that Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry rest you'd under fire in Vietnam to win the bronze star Says a campaign launched by the GOP back swift vote veterans for truth that was launched by people without decency who are lying and should be hanging their heads in shame I'm a Republican in for more than 30 years. I've largely voted for Republicans his last minute I retired Lieutenant with the LA County Sheriff to permit the answer. It'll be a great commander in chief Rassman's account of his rescue flatly candidates carries the queuesers will attack the candidate and a TV at a new book Unfit for command released today by right wing publishing house Regnery The smear campaign's been launched by people without decency say their new charges are false Their stories are fabricated made up by people who didn't even serve with Kerry and Vietnam He gives a whole account this story's on our website you can read the whole thing Rassman said he recommended carry for the silver star for his action and learned only later that the bronze star But awarded instead he said to this day I still believe he deserved the silver star for his courage and how about a gold star And a purple jelly bean is here at whistle would say if he were still alive, which he's not All right smear campaign that's all they can do they can't run on their record these right wing Nazi bases because their record is in a bombination Invading another country based on lies based on his weapons that don't exist and I'll say it again Howard Dean was the only one with the balls whose and the dense cassinas for then he's shortened and got a bad wig But the only one of the major contenders who had the balls to say before hand the opposed the war He came out and told everybody by the time rage we just for politics this latest yellow light orange light red light panic crap in New York And in meantime carry a waffles in does the tap dance and it looks like her men monster, you know Yeah, vote for my effect. I'm going to vote Fc and T ballots 20 30 thousand times Not because I think John Kerry is greater that he's running a great campaigner that he's really articulating the positions that I want to hear That he really has the big co-honies Or that he's really a color like it is I noticed the last couple of days He's starting to like fight back, you know, it's that little bit just a little teeny tiny bit And then these wild rumors now of course misfudged doing anything that Richard Melon's skiff is instructing him to do all a John Kerry and Theresa had a big shouting match and they sucked in several bedrooms out on the campaign trip. Hope gives a crap whether it's true or not Just the floats some more trouble wounds misfudged you self-hating Fag you you have not just disgusting piece of crap God, I'll mighty talk about having your legs straight up in here Even makes Robert creeper with booch 10 50 six and five 60 wc who I am If you're on the acens this South Beach sugar busters or any low-carb sugar free dive and here's a story You're gonna love it's called the lights of my spokeer for years the lights has helped thousands of low-carb divers It's either way lost goals and now the lights of my spoke is celebrating their 14th anniversary with special discounts Of the 50% off on low-carb products light carbolite purely like tarvests and lots more and the anniversary super special You can save half off of all-acons brand foods and supplements too. Don't forget to red so I should have low carb bakery items like cheesecakes Brads rolls brownies for our new brownie hounds and they're Products and the store are so good that you can try before you buy them to this copy again is just unbelievable They got an eligible staff to open every day until 10 and don't forget to guarantee low price policy on all-acons carbolite and 3D light products too. The lights of our spokeer. They will not be under so old you'll find them on the corner of northeast corner Reblazen 441 right next to Boston market or you can call them toll free at 1-877 low carb That's what they double your low carb dot com on the website Don't forget that's the lights of our spokeers your official atkins retail 7 This is what's where you'll find it You will Blake how Aaron's coming And this is just the first habit of the back in the glorious compilbine and manly jock worship But mainly I'm honored to be sitting here alone side of legion men sport holier after an extended absence Induced by big one from the last in a more eagons one of those daily thing you'd like to add to my monolithic All-decins Harry and just one pick and what's that my bold in agent friend? Who are you? That question my vainy knows me Bob has been asked to me many times and public territory to track and in the back alley's alive What's that noise? Mike last to my his gentleman's the uncle bracelet. I must carry for life as punishment for my sins against the engine I'm like a body if it be from time to time keeps me on my toes But when I think negative thoughts it says deadly currents writing through my body You went away too long. That a pretty burden for it. My his as I can't get me anymore Take it easy, but I'm only changing my bracelet battery now see here use think and I don't like you, thank ketchup Off you don't want oh right I have to use all the always updying When I'm into fire Stop it judge whether it goes You don't I'm going to do it. Well I've had your mission accomplished. It was a big, big building, black towns, a dark smoke in the job. Oh, good. My mission accomplished. Right. Anyway, it was really funny because I heard that promo about AIDS, awareness day or whatever at PV Park with the Romans. And I thought to myself, yeah, I wonder how come Norma can't has an already emailed me about putting something on a year? I just hit my emails during the break. Guess who this email is from. I give up. No, I'm okay. Good guess. For you to read this on the year, or maybe just cut a spot and leave it with George and give it to Duffton put on rotation. Yeah, Duffton said he's got something to put on rotation. Alright, that was good. You should be able to play that. Yeah. Oh, I'm not going to let it go. Well then why did you start it? It was the wrong drop. Oh, oh. Anyway, here's this PSA that Norma can't scut all grim. You want to see the world championship Marlins on Thursday, August 26 against Great Bonds and the San Francisco Giants? Oh, not especially. Tickets with a game are nearly sold up, but you can know that if an AIDS project Florida on their AIDS Awareness Night by purchasing a block of five tickets for only 60 bucks and helps stop the spread of this deadly disease. Please call it Debbie and Development at 9.5.4. 5.3.7. 4.1. 1. 9.5.4. 5.3.7. 41. 11. Also, we says, I drew in a hockey fantasy league, basically we're going to have a game because I have no line. Right. And I know I'm in trouble because of the 28 players on it. I don't know who 24 of them are. But seriously, with the Panthers hitting everybody up for a season tickets, can you address the likelihood of their being a season? I don't think anyone's heard anything about the legal issues between players and owners surprised, but more Howard David advantage or Goldberg never say anything about hockey. Not in the summer, especially when there's a football player of my misescript because he cracked a toenail. What are they saying in Canada? There's nothing in the papers here. They might write about it there later. This is Norma Kent. What they're saying is the chances on a scale of 45,000. Not good. Right. It don't look good. They had meetings. They finally had some more toss again a couple of days ago and resolved nothing. Because the owners in league want to say want some form of a summary cap and the agents in the greedy players, oh, we don't want to have that. And they're not one eye out and not one centillic closer now than we were a week ago, five weeks ago, last circus, whatever. It's looking mighty mighty grim. But you'll be sure and say that your money for those four to parents or season tickets because Alan Krony, your money desperately, okay? And they just resigned, Van Ryan again, the defenseman and this one resigned, whoever. I don't get it. It's like a dog and pony show. Everybody's signing people, but the make of the many season. And at the Beagle Bell for what is bad, back to his turn 86. So, what can I say? Oh, speaking of 86, what a segue. Well, I don't know how to follow to a bucket of it or what. Yeah. When legendary 60 minutes reporter Mike Wallace had his limousine driver pulled to a stop and kind of a Manhattan restaurant, Tuesday night, it was only planning to grab the takeout order of meat, loaf, mashed potatoes and gravy that was waiting for him. That's how to go. The 86 year old newsman ended up jostled, signed against the hood of a car and handcooked by two taxi cops and confrontation that on the scores. The tents moved of New Yorkers in their law enforcement officers and midday latest security cracked down. The incident unfolded about APM Tuesday when Mr. Wallace ran into Luke's bar and grilled the pickup of dinner he ordered said Luigi Milattello the restaurant's owner. At the same time two officers with the taxi and limousine commission started questioning Mr. Wallace's driver who was double parked. Mr. Wallace was alerted the situation, left the restaurant, asked the officers what was going on, wouldn't as his steady was common polite. One of the officers yelled at him, don't give me any lip. Mr. Milattello said, then Mr. Wallace said, I'm not giving you any lip. Mr. Wallace lifted it with black Lincoln town car for a moment and returned to watch the officers more questions. The cops said, get back into your car sir and a very nasty tone of voice said Ernesto Cavali, manager of the nearby Duay restaurant in front of the CBS reporter. I could tell Mr. Wallace was taken aback by his tone so we asked another question Mr. Cavali said. Certainly, Mr. Wallace dressed in a button down shirt, slacks and cap, was being manhandled by one officer, Mr. Cavali said. He grabbed him by the sleeve, pushed him forward against the car. Twisted his arms behind his back all by getting. I'm going to arrest you, Mr. Cavali said. A startled Michael Wallace shouted, I'm 86 years old, I'm 86 years old, what are you doing? I'm a reporter, not a criminal, according to several witnesses. He was stunned, he had this look on his face like, what happened to me, Mr. Cavali said? One of the officers straight into arrest some of the restaurant customers who spoke of a defensive Mr. Wallace, he didn't do anything wrong, even a long paper in scribe. But the taxi owner's name didn't stop him, Mr. Milattello said. Officials with the taxi and limousine commissions said yesterday, they were examining whether the officers had been over his zealous, over his zealous, and their arrest of Mr. Wallace when they charged with disorderly conduct. I mean, why did it get his meat loaf? Right? For whatever reason this guy and his buddy were 10 upon telling me that I was interfering with the execution of the law, Mr. Wallace later told in New York Posty said he arresting officer is one very angry man. He ought to be in South Florida, not in New York. He ought to be in South Florida, and he's an angry man. The taxi commission, which regulates more than 50,000 vehicles and 100,000 drivers was already under fire for lack of security, takes of potential drivers. After being charged, Mr. Wallace has been a TV newscassist since the 50s, received a summons from October Court appearance. The incident adds to the feeding among men in New Yorkers that the extra emphasis on security since the terrorist attacks in 2001 may be applied inappropriately by stressed out cops by prosecutors by case who are just out of control, and is nothing worse than out of controlled porchers. A typical observation is that post-time 11 priests of the bravely of numerous police and rescue workers has got in the heads of a few who now feel they can act into whatever they're going to have a while with impunity. Poor Mike Wallace gets jostled around. He's an 86 year old, frail man, but the layman, the only one is freaking meatloaf. He's a reporter for Christ's sake. It's not a criminal. Right? That'll's wrong with him. bunch of porchers. 105 people say the biggest impact of Howard Stern on QM will be. He'll send the ratings way up from your mouth to arbitrage years. Okay. 153 percent, a third of this audience. You turn out a 317. I don't give a crap about Stern 75. Post-Rubney will show 46. See the guy that Craig and which ever the guy was that sent to facts was a Craig? No, not that one. Oh, no, the other sum of the guy. Oh, they're one I was giving all the instructions. Well, you don't understand is that there are actually some people listening to show and have listened to it for years. Who don't care about Howard Stern. I know they're making a lot of talk to you. I mean, we welcome with open arms and legs, but the fact of the matter is there's some of the screws out there who don't listen to we show. So as a result, those people aren't going to be all that ecstatic the dish. I was going to start whenever hell he feels like going home. Which is great with us. I'm not complaining at all. Believe you me. Like I said Tuesday if they want me to work for like 30 seconds a day and pay me to say I'm all for it. All I can say is, let's have a Marlon game every day and then on days when they're not playing play a tape from the day before. Let's start to get about. Huh? The end of the end of the end 45 will play tomorrow and game 11 15 songs good. Just not time to get in some spots. Anyway, post group Neal show 46. Numbering tons of people back to AM radio 36. He'll drive away tons of sports nerds 28 and that's certainly can't be all bad. He'll increase the crank callers a big time 13, not much impact nine and that's let's you have another to respect on six. The censoring man the man's going to sit there on a button. Will this bring around a button waiting for them to start saying the end word again? Over and over again 320 votes. I mean based on what you in there when he was telling me the story about his Robert Cooper told you also like it. Right. A little fiery port about what they went through in Naples for Myers kind of a dry run. I guess I shouldn't say that. Well, Robert was involved in the probably was a dry run. But anyway, feel relaxed once again. I'm sitting through a couple of stern shows and giving nothing experience of what and of course the proper people probably legal legal choice was there. Although I don't think Joyce can get her fat ass out of bed that early in the morning view. Who knows? I doubt it. But at any rate to some of the measly legal vehicles were there. Oh, you can't let that on here. You can't let I don't understand. I just don't get the whole thing. I mean, I'm ecstatic is all hell. I have the best lead and I've ever had with huge numbers and everybody in the brother listening, all these people are going to come back to AM radio. But I'm going to tell you something as far as tourists concerned, this makes a real stomach of Sunday school preachers. My life is local. I'm just going to be 0562 a UAM. Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. What congratulation? Let's get a light. I have the most punished speech party person. What are you going to encounter in front of our parmodal. The priest one can ask this hieroglyphics. The penculkes in front of us. All in one full range, he's an upright deft 100-bonne surge. Bye bye! Bye bye! Number one with two bullet of solidarity. 1118 at 5.60. WWM, who's that nerd? They got a financial hurricane center now with what's that guy named you know? I don't know. What a show. They visited requirement to work that they have absolutely no personality at all. They look like a deadpan dead push. I mean, that guy is pathetic. They just head him on CNN and he said, oh, beware on the West Coast or Florida. West Coast. Towards the hurricane, it's going to make that little turn that you turn over to West Coast, the Cuba and come up along to West Coast of Tampa and beware on the keys. We got, how many lessons we got in the keys? I've turned to me! I'm back and down the hatches. Ron Harrison is still dead, right? Far as I know. Yeah. I just don't get it. I just don't understand so much crap that happens. What will be the biggest impact of Howard Stern come to Cuba to QM this coming Monday morning, August 16th from 6am to whenever he's going to get up the ghost. And we're more than happy to sit in the background and to work while Duff is in there when a yellow button banging and banging and banging. That's a rubber creeper, he's spent most of the last two days over there and he'll be able to do a banging on it. They're installing it now as a matter of fact. Are they really? Yes, they are. 25 second delay, is it any or about 30 men? It's multi-layered, multi-hour delay. So all of you Stern people just be happy that you're going to get whatever little tidbits you got, you know, whatever a couple of words here and a couple of words there. And then in between Duff's going to be playing at Thor Music. Yeah. Which had their global message and that mean that we're too chicken schmits to cook the real stuff on here. So we're just going to let it down. We'll do it out, you know. Oh, you're going to be hearing that a lot, I'm sure. Wait, we have a preview. Yes? Oh, you can't say, that. Better get it going again, Duff. 346 votes on a poll, you've been to poll result when I feel like I wouldn't have a lot of time to dittle around here because we got that Marlon Preygan show now in case you wonder what this is all about the game was scheduled for tonight. But because the weather fairies of everybody all whipped up into a frenzy about the hurricane, there are some scattered showers that look in the radar. There's a little bit of pop up here and pop up there. Whatever, it's popping up all over the place, a little bit. Nothing, nothing moment is right now. But because they were really a feared and a scared they don't want to lose this game. It's a big, big ass game. The Cardinals in town tonight. I'll have the best record in baseball and continue to be. It's just amazing. I don't get it. But so they moved again to an afternoon game, 105. You can head over there right now and fill out the ballpark. I see they only had 18,000, some obvious they did to rain last night. Was there like some kind of a tornado? Was there like hurricane into the world? Cloud in the sky? Could you would die or were you? What was the story last night? They already leave. I hear. Huh? Hail of fire. Pretty weak. Considering that's right, I forgot though that they've lost a few games. In fact, if you look at the muffler's and ratings, you'll notice that in June, even though the Marlins did very well in the spring book on our station. And on TV as well with the highest ratings they've ever had. If you look at the June number, it's way way down from me. Well, it's big at a number as right and far. It's just dawned on me. I don't know why I'm a little slow sometime. Maybe because I'm an old fart could be it. Yeah, but they had like only about what was it? A 47 in men. I forgot. And links and links and links and links and texts and next ahead, the five one. I think I'm saying to beat them up. That was with Stern off the year. Right. So you can imagine what she comes back on here on Monday. How many listeners they're going to have? About 30 minutes. Wow. They've got no problems. They've got that wall of men. And Duff is jealous. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line at Port Child Man. He'll never be the same. I pretty till be like, what will it look like in my about 930 on Monday? It won't take even two full days. No, don't you think based on what you heard this morning? What he was promised? Let's start an office tour. No, seriously. And how do they know if there's going to be a topic that's going to be like off limits and that we don't want to have on a year because it's going to be licensed threatening. How do they know how long they're going to be talking on? And what are they? What are they going to put on in the middle of it? Seriously? Because we're not. I'm one thing I'll tell you. We don't mind coming on 1015, 1030 or 11 o'clock. But we don't come on before 10 under any circumstance. No chance of that. How many QAM hello? I thought I was coming. W2M hello. Yes? What's the name of that rest? W2M hello. Roger. Yes, sir. I watched my mouth out with so, uh, after days, uh, you have to be off for, uh, very, uh, at language. Yeah. I'll be very careful. What do you mean the last two days? A couple days ago, I said something with a D. And I mean like, uh, I'll tell you again. They can say it on our America. But we can't say it around. He's a broadcasting because the world works. I don't get it. Just company. They're peeing in their pants. So we're every word that's never been intended. But they're going to put Howard Stern on the year. I don't, I don't get it. These people are crazy. But go ahead. Let me ask you a question. Are you kidding? Don't think this wrong. But are you going to think of whatever way I feel like thinking? That's right. Are you going to use him as like a gauge to see his five. What? You can get away with or you just go to the house. I'm sad. I'm sad. And I'm letting him put his head on the line. Let me just tell you this. I don't listen to his show. I won't listen anymore. He's show that I listen to them all when I come in this studio in the morning at about quarter to eight. And then George comes in and run into clock and then we start talking. So we don't, we don't listen anymore. So maybe 15 minutes today, 10, 15 minutes. No, I'm not interested in that. I don't care what he gets away with or what he does. I do my show and I understand the parameters they've made for me. And I don't have a, I'm not happy about it. But I don't have a compulsive need to go on a year and go away over the line and use the N word and do a lot about this. I just don't have any need for that. So this show has got nothing to do with his other than it follows it. And we'll be glad to take the big lead in, you know. The ratings are going to definitely, you know. Right. And the ratings are going to definitely. Right. And the ratings are going to definitely. Right. And the ratings are going to definitely. I don't see how it's, how it's boring. You know, same old thing. Well, if you didn't boring, I agree with that. But he's got a gigantic audience and he's going to bring, you know, a lot of people to this station. They're going to disappear now. They just said, OK, let's have our day in the dumpy so chronic. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I think these 25 minute breaks are excellent. Let's have a lot more of them. Oh, this radio station man is so shameless. If we could, if we, if we would let them do 45 minutes of spots in our, they'd say, oh, sure. Great. Just like with a worst team, remember that whole business? Well, how come you got a wedding sucks so bad? Well, maybe we don't have any show left. You got to run the run about 40 minutes of spots in our, plus of course they had defa won here. Oh, God. And. And that's how they got the, how did I, I, I, I can't hear this enough. I'm not just having to play this back to back if they have put push on to build. I thought that the mow and whatever that reunion thing. I thought that was good. Yes, that call, which one? No, not the mow and the the more temple and the, I'll be sleeping. But not a call here. That one. I thought that was, I thought he had peaked at that point, but that was small potatoes compared to this. I was going bulk of wherever you are. Where's he vacationing? I don't know. But we don't have to. We don't have to find out where we got to go to long break. 26 after a lot of that. At 5 60 W.A.M. If your hair is falling out in comes if you got a big ugly ball spot like woke up Ryan, Charles, off of your is the best in the business. He's been doing it for over 35 years providing amazing natural look and here systems that are virtually 100% un-detectable. And I was introducing the latest development and hair restoration. It's called the new laser light therapy treatment. It's used for a tree in fine and sitting here. Now this new treatment is FDA certified and we stores your hair and scalp back to its healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density in volume. Can we say that? I'm not sure. The new laser light therapy and it's cool light laser devices effective on both men and women. And it's a painless noninvasive treatment that's completed about a half an hour. Charlie and his staff of witnessed dramatic results with this new system that impedes here fall off for those that find them sitting here. So stop thinking that by some type of miracle you're thinning here is just going to stop falling into the same shower on the floor and give Charlie a call to find out more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment and how it can solve your thinning hair problems. It can truly change your life. Forget about those muskrads. Even mode dumped is and the muskrad too. Call Charles Offeriori and they'll sit you down and show you how much better and younger he can make it look called 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 around the wicked web. It's Charles Offeriori.com. And look at this. This is for you by 60. What the fuck is this? You ain't. So let's throw it before both of me and I'll make you a big star. You tell me what for a small day can provide short. I told her it was so nice. So for a second for Mr. Howard. He'd almost have looked what we got here. It's a phone. That's flat. When they bring it up on. You're fired. We don't want you ready more. And three years just go away. I guess the jigsaw. We can't take it. There's no man on all. I just said, fine. Who will that be all? Yeah, yes. Who? Why so? We don't accept hardblocks. Especially when that expired in 1915. And I'll take it. What would you like to meet up on this next? You look easy. I think they're in half an hour. Let's get a paper. Jesus and I will love you. Get your paper. You're on a paper? I don't need that garbage. Well, yeah, would you like a free sunset? No. I don't know. I don't know. But I wouldn't buy a paper. I don't understand. Maybe it's because I don't look good in yellow. Wait, I got it. And I don't want to do it the side. Yeah, that's it. Just happen to have a market here. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will to. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. Will. To. Will. barlands baseball baby the cards and a martlin's at pp park for an afternoon they are up with them to a friend's year one i can feel it uh... well i think it is a martlingy might happen every time we should just lie a lot or i'm martling games later on what will be the biggest impact of how it's turned on w q and that's our pull question a four hundred six votes we're starting at like a little response out there which means they might be somebody listening all the way down at this is a last week before kids go back to school right correct nobody rower he'll send a rating is way up zooming up there hundred forty three you say that thirty five point two percent the q i'm rating is going to go through the roof we're going to have bonus money up the ass it's going to be great i don't give a crap about certain ninety seven he'll screw up old nealtro fifty five bring tons of people back to a m radio forty three will drive away tons of sports nerd thirty two it'll increase the crack calls big time fifteen that lansy will have another nervous breakdown thirteen and not much not much impact nine say that w q and hello q and our only call good one that's one of our friends at belsa by the way that we mentioned at belsa stock we'll need to w q and hello these are some of our people are just a little bit nervous but nevertheless five six seven five six pound five six the only eighteen t and Verizon wireless line w q and hello two w q and hello Neil yes sir what's going to happen when how it goes on to one and they have to force the morning oh good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good boy friend okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen for your people man here just so uh i have no right light it was your sand no not my people your people a little lot of corny's with cheese your people of the mario coney w q and hello q and hello oh ah hello yes sir hey how are we doing okay we're doing okay i'm a some third client don't say uh the house turns a nipple liquor yeah i am that he's a jerk off okay and and i love you okay and great five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless line get a lot of these good calls in before the pregame show get everybody an order that Marlon victory today all right w q and hello yes sir you're a larger this is jelly check i gotta tell you something jhukra what you're so mama because you got a bet for a little little little little a little bit okay great whatever another way that must be one of the stern people that that's part of the bonus on the program we'll get people like that don't we don't do names on the show okay whether it's drawn or this guy what's his name mama balloons uh whatever it is yeah he's a new guy as self-proclaimed stud lives at home with money 3. Oh, just like the god of the eyes. So the god of the eyes got mommy's bodyland and just like Tony Perkins and psycho. Yeah, mother mommy's up in the attic sitting at rock in the rock and chair W to Q and hello Hey, no, yes, sir Do you think that Misha Goss will now go after the person that outed Wilson's life with the CIA Operative no, we all know that it's either Don't start bringing up that story again. Okay. Otherwise. I'm gonna come and take you as a way man All right, and I want to do that Don't give on my phone number. Okay. Okay 567. Oh 560 pound 560. Misha Goss. I thought that was pretty good line Yeah, people get paid big bucks to come up with lines like that. If people come up with crap that J Leno says and Yeah, it makes me sick to my stomach. He's garbage man. He's so bad. Oh, he is just a walking chin Let me good pull question one day. Who do you think plays it me a better chin ball Rear shriver J Leno or Duff Lindsey. Okay, W Q and hello Yes, sir I About our turn I don't want to start back with that video listen in my last six months, but I've been listening to one of three point one Which is nothing up You can barely get that in flowers And I was also listening to that video station over and four might you can get that some time And I noticed that the delays about an extra 30 seconds on the beef vacation over the wire They're ready man. Yeah, yeah, I've been West Palm So if they're gonna put that kind of delay on there. I mean they're gonna be dumping him a lot more But they've done for that much. They're gonna run the show Missile on the evening he makes far-downs all the time Not really And if we're gonna tell you that areas he may sparse sound or you sure not permitted on the beesley You don't hear that on a beesley station in April I think the best of the night is going to be show time on the work with the window That's really good news, pal. Yeah, bye. Yeah, far-downs. We're not a lot of Blake far-downs But how are we making far-downs all the women playing far-downs for how many years on his show? I heard him and the old February and March when the beeslies came in and joy started saying he can't do this And he can't say that and not only that, but if you work for beesley You know you can't even make a far-down like in your personal life Jesus Bible I'm 45 and 560 WQN only 45 minutes away from that Marlon pregame show and pumped up and fired off about that. It was pumped off and fired up. Careful. The Washington Post on WMVs says in days before the Iraq War began, veteran Washington Post reported water pinkers put together a historic questioning whether the Bush administration had proof that Saddam Hussein was signing weapons of mass destruction or that distraction. The reigning resistance from the papers editors in his peace ran only after an assistant managing editor Bob Woodward who was researching a book about the drive toward the war helped sell the story pinkers recalled without him it would have had a tough time getting into the paper even so the article was relegated to page A17. Page 17, A. We did our job but we didn't do it up and I blame myself mightily for not pushing harder woodwoods in interview. We should have warned readers that we had information that the basis for this was shaky or then widely believed. Those are exactly the kinds of statements that should be published on the front page not on 17 A. As violence continues in post-war Iraq and US forces have yet to discover any WMVs, some critics say the media including the Washington Post failed the country by not reporting more skeptically on President Bush's lies are contentions during the run up to the war. An examination the papers covered interviews with more than a dozen of the editors and reporters involved shows that the post-public day, a number of pieces challenging the White House but rarely on the front page, some reporters who were lobbying for greater prominence for stories that questioned the administration's evidence, complied to senior editors who in the viewers and reporters were unintuous the ask of the about such pieces. The result was covered that despite the flashes of groundbreaking reporting and a hindsight left strikingly one sided at times. One sided, following that, the good stepping media man. But don't forget, Team Channel, we got that progressive network now. Oh yeah, to show you how firm balanced we are. I like this little cartoonism in the caricature the new QM Howard Stern dump monkeys definitely never looked better. Looks like you got a good tan over there in April. In April. You got tan? What if you got a tan high? That's five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT and T. Let's get at least 100 calls on now before 1230. Well, this is the practice though. Right. Kind of like cutting down the show to make room for how or make room for the marlins. Make room for daddy, you know anything. How's Danny Thomas doing still that still? What will be the biggest impact of the Howard Stern show on WQAM? Wait a minute, I didn't give you the weather. Well, we're not supposed to do the weather because we don't, we're out of twisted news on this station. Well, for 1130 this morning, showers and tell a few hundred stars on continued move north over the coast of water to Miami West Palm Beach, occasional lightning gusts to three miles an hour, 30. And locally, heavy seas are possible. A few of these showers and thunderstorms move ashore were southern at Miami-Dade south of Homestead and along the coast from Fort Lauderdale, the Bointon Beach. Right. Today, here's the forecast. Partly sunny, scattered, charred in thunderstorms, highs in the upper 80s. South winds 10 to 15 chance terrain is, uh, a third of May. percent. Tonight, partly cloudy and windy, scattered, charred in thunderstorms, lows in the upper 70s and low to the lower 80s of the coast. Suddenly, winds 10 to 15, even evening, coming southeast, 20 to 25 after midnight, chance terrain at about 60 percent and Friday, mostly cloudy, very windy. No more charred in thunderstorms with gusty winds in the afternoon. highs in the upper 80s. Suddenly winds, uh, 30-five miles an hour, chance terrain 70 percent on Friday tomorrow. So that's what it is. Shed in sunlight the end of the world of me, I mean, let's hear exactly right in the path of this thing. Right. Right. We're fine. So, huh? We'll be fine. Maybe death is going to drive back down to again. Maybe wants to go back down to the west coast. I think after every Monday, he'll be ready. If you can hold the storm off for a couple days, definitely ready. 5-6-7-05-60, pound five-60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. WKOM hello. QAM. WKOM hello. You run here. I'm running here. Let me sit again one more time. Yeah. I miss. I just kind of already. I missed out about the house and I was out with the delay. Did the lay and the show that he does on Monday? Yeah. You'll be hearing that the day after surface, okay? Just a short delay. Five-6 is kind of like the tapes, you know, the up-op and early on stuff like that. Right. I mean, how is it going to be talking about the election? And one between doing Truman of course, but nevertheless, it'll be an election. 5-6-70-56, pound five-60 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. We're going to delay and delay and dump and dump and dump. I'm telling you right now. Let's see. Maybe hear a lot of that music in there and fill in those gaps with vague gaps. I mean, when our operations manager, our dump monkey in, in charge, tells me that the show he lost in Korea today, it was like 35-40 minutes about the inward and various forms of the inward and the porch that and all this other stuff. Or was it monkeys, I think? A lot of those. Yeah. Yeah, dump monkeys. And then that he would have had a dump, the speaker that, like the last maybe 40 minutes of the show. How do you do that? I mean, what are we going to do with the process? I evidently, not a lot of thought has been given to these things by our brilliant management, but of course upper level management's out of town this week on vacation. We've all been a lot better off if he'd stand permanent vacation and Greg's case, but nevertheless, he's coming back on Monday, I understand. And he'll be there for the debut of this, uh, whatever's going to be. It'll be at debut. Oh, yeah. Line 9, everybody's favorite. WQAM? Yeah. Yes, sir. This is Brian and Rochester. Hi, Brian, how you doing? I'm doing pretty good. All right, it's a great day in Florida. I mean, I moved in Boko Hall from 91 through 98. Yeah. And I just love those hurricanes now. They couldn't get better. One coming from each end, you know? Yeah, one coming from the right, one coming from the left. Yes, I mean, I would just love to see the Gulf of Mexico, meet the Atlantic Ocean someday in my lifetime. Yeah, drop-up. What a dumpset place is. Yeah. Yes. I mean, I'm very happy to be back in Rochester, New York. What have done? Yes, I mean, I'll take the brightened views over the Boko Jews any day. Okay, good luck to you, Palo. Hey, thanks, Neil. See you, Brian. It's, you know, about the West Coast rappers and East Coast rappers, but we're going to have our own better. We're going to be making a brightened Jews and the Boko Jews. I mean, like that. Each year hard out of your, uh, Kishki, whatever. Some of the term, I Kishki's up. They don't have Kishki at my favorite Deli here in Sunday. I'm pretty cute about that. Let's be a little bit of a bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little tear. Your Kishki's out, but it's great. Even the glam like Kishki. Damn, it's great. Five six, no. Five six, seven, oh five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T, and Verizon level assignment. Pauldries for a long, great, today. No, we know. But we have to get a lot of spots in because we need to make some money. So we can put Howard's turn on the year, and we can play clearance. It wouldn't play tough for the extra money. So we can be getting, for being the, uh, porch, I mean, the dump, uh, but mucky. So many muffy's around in so little time. WQM, hello. Neil, yes sir. How are you? Well, great. Listen, I waited to call you to you back. I read the first column. I believe it was very Jackson and wrote about Howard's turn. Very Jack, yes, yes. Yeah, and I saw, I kind of took issue with the fact that, uh, this year management would allow, would like, and I took out an insult to you that they, they say that they don't care how long the Howard's turn goes over your time slot. Right. And, and they don't care if it takes more than they'll keep him on. Right. After you've been the number one, I mean, uh, uh, the staple of that station. Oh, they don't care about me. I'm old man. I'm small potatoes, you know, they can do whatever they mind with me. And they, they think that this is, they got to big enchilada now, and I think this is the greatest thing since sliced bread. They're going to run with it. And the rest of us can just, uh, goose step along. And as long as the money stays the same, I will. Well, I know you, I know you don't care. But I have a question in your opinion, the risk of having a parent, uh, they literally show because they're going to have to take a lot of that out. Uh, uh, isn't it too much of a risk, uh, especially after the rainy season, uh, on the, on the station, the last one? Too much of a risk, uh, time will tell how to have a line of, I don't know. Wow. Well, talking, talking, talking to me. I can't believe that they're putting a show on, especially at a time when they, they always do the thing that seems to make the least sense. When the, when the crap really started coming down about, uh, kiss, uh, good morning and, uh, the other stuff we were playing and we getting a lot of heat about the stuff on the station, then they put for real on the air. And then, uh, and then it made no sense. And I'm thinking to myself, why at this time, are they putting him on the air? They know what he does. They know he's going to like jeopardize the license and do a lot of, and, and never, you know, pay attention what they tell them. And he didn't, and then they had a canny's ass, you know, and, and, and, and, and, and, and now on the heels of that experience and coming out of time, when it's even more chilling than it was before because you had the, uh, Super Bowl incident, the, uh, breast bearing crap. And everybody in the brother is a gun and a, a, a, a, a panic mode, uh, and now they put sir on the air. I don't understand it. Yeah, and it's, I think, I told you, we got you to think you were joking when you said about how the, confident these people are, but I mean, it's beginning to, this is, this is, this is studying it out for you know. These people are, Mo-Rans. They go, they go, they go, they go, they go. They think it's an, I agree. Have a great day, Pat. Pray for us, please. Uh, okay, rub your rose reviews. Everybody pray for those of us in QAM. Look what happened in the Humber for crying out loud. No. I thought something great was going to happen. That was fun. We're going to have this great award-winning line up and everything was going to go smoothly. We're going to like, uh, remake millions and millions raking into Bucks at QAM. Everything was going to be just fine, you know, like, uh, all we're fine. Can't store what say if she could. But the fact of the matter is it looks like once again, Greg Reed just keeps diddling and diddling and diddling hasn't got any idea what is going on. What the repercussions are. And I sure hope he's got the norm Kent's number real handy. Write it on your sleeve, Greg, as a momentum of our association. Speed up. Yeah. 11.55 at 5.60 WQM. I've been telling you about A-Laser recharge, the total and recharge cartridge first. Let's look at the past few weeks here on the show. A lot of you have called 1-800-287. I used to, as well, you've said a lot of money and you're putting enough as a equipment supplies. And for those of you who haven't called, I can't imagine what you're waiting for. Because A-Laser recharge is that all the things you're looking for, ink jets, thermo carbon paper supplies that provide service support and maintenance for most mason models of machines to to make them run like brand new again. In fact, you could probably use some help right there on that facts machine that I pay for. Oh, help it Jesus. When you call 1-800-287-92-12, you'll deal with just Bob the solar, he's been supply and business in South Florida with what they need. In most cases within 24 hours for a long time. A-Laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges, as compared to depot pricing and don't forget, all the cartridges is sold by A-Laser recharge. Our re-manufactured not refill. Anybody in their brother can sell your cheap refill piece of craft cartridge, but keep in mind you only get what you pay for. Re-manufactured cartridges are the only smart way to go. An A-Laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and faxes, along with brother and zero-offs drums too. A-Laser recharge is proud of the individualized service, offers a no-questions-acc satisfaction guarantee. So if you need total cartridges or anything else in this line, pick up that phone call just Bob at A-Laser recharge is a tool free call called 1-800-287-92-12. That's 1-800-287-92-12 or log onto their website, A-Laser recharge.com. This is my regular log of the 6-6-5-16. The re-manufactured not only your stock, but I'm a huge fan of you. To set a home-lans security top-bridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour. Re-manufactured not only the ones who are sold by a new brand, but also the ones who are sold by a new brand. Re-manufactured not only the ones who are sold by a new brand, I want us to do things, and flip your tracks with my breezy nose, and two feathers so fast flip, now I'm pulling up my line for the season. Dash my box of bad reflexes, here's where I've been my eyes, don't know what their experience is, and I like bus of having to do there's a way to see in my trailer, and then I find you no longer here. You've found this day's line, I set up a failure in the hearts full of those four squares, and I want those pieces to stand, now you've been drawn, it's your chosen one, and I'm not gonna find out, I'm gonna go through the stars, there are two likes for the way to go, we've got a slight bit, you know, the tracks from the weekend, we've got five, five, five, it's come out too, at 5.60W2 and we're just warming up for the Marlin Pre-Game Show, how look at that window there, how's it look? Oh, it's beautiful here. Suny and Vile is what it looks like here, you have a few showers here in your pop-up, bus, body, turn your answer, don't panic, okay? Our cards are good times served, panicking. Or just getting the car gravel would enable us for a Myers right now, I'll be there just in time for the good stuff. What would be the biggest impact of Howard Stern on WQMS, our pull-quest NeoRoggers.com today, 482 votes, Phil Sender ratings weigh up, zooming up there to ask dynamical heights, even with all those dumps and delays in crap like that, too bad. 35.8% 173. I don't get a crap about Stern 108, Phil screw up NeoShow 66, he'll bring tons of people back to AM Radio 46. He'll drive away tons of sports nerds 38, he'll increase the crank calls big time 21, dumplings you'll have another nervous breakdown 17, not much impact only 13. 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlison, normal can't stop emailing the OK again on my nerves now, and to stay with my financial guy who's driving me absolutely crazy. Well, we tried to send you something airborne as fresh yesterday. I see I'm living a building where all the stuff goes to the concierge, I don't know if people will come knocking on my door, oh here's Fed, I actually have delivery for it. Doesn't work that way, the department building, you know, it doesn't? No. And I'm getting all the ring to show, this goes to another, it's like on a daily basis. Once I walk out of the room at about 12303, I'm going to get on the phone and raise some holy hell, just for the hell of it, I'm just tired of crap. Tad a people doing stupid things, you know what I mean? You mean holy hell. You're going to die. Huh? You mean holy hell to die. Holy crap. That's being a crap, Tadagon auditorism included that how I've been failed radically, you're kind of more than $1.8 billion worth of work in a rack and Kuwait, the Wall Street Journal says, sending a Pentagon report. This amount represents 43% of the 4.8 billion dollars that Houston based, Taliban, and Kellogg Brown and Root has built a Pentagon to feed in the House troops in the region, the news paper said. It said the findings in the 60-page Pentagon auditorate reported an August 4th, but not publicly released, are likely to increase pressure on the U.S. government, to withhold hundreds of millions of dollars of payments to Haliburton. This it said potentially threatens the services that Kellogg Brown and Root provides U.S. troops and other personnel that are rack and Kuwait. Vice President Dick Taney, a sum of you may remember, was Haliburton's chief executive from 1995 to 2000. Another cook, you will business with a bunch of crooks and an America says, oh yeah, 50% of us we never met a cook we didn't like. God, Almighty, how is it possible that there are so many stupid people and this Porter, Mr. God, from Florida, who's supposed to be now the new director of the CIA or at least he's Bush's appointee? Michael Moore's got the footage where he and the told him in any of you just earlier this year. He's not qualified to be in the CIA much less its director and he gave him chapter in verse. I can't wait. I wonder how long before the media starts trying to start clipped. I think we're going to see that. Oh, over to you. Hold your breath right now. Oh, they've heard a breath. Right. I just got 670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. W2A and hello. Yeah, the biggest impact with Howard Sheryl B. Public fully replacing George. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See, there we go. There's one of those colors. Just like I said, God with an IQ, a small of an as penis. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. In fact, that's what most certain people us about it. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, I'm really sure. And you, Bob, I'm really, it's a medley of other material. And how are the stern rules? And Bob, Bob, I'm really pretty much it. I wonder where there are some real intelligent people listening. How many of you think? Bob, turn the man. Somebody QA and hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. Great. I was wondering, um, you played George for the other day an excerpt from a Bush speech where he's now he just did a big bon hit and people were laughing the background. Yeah. I heard it's a part of it and it was incredible. You can see the video on NeilRodges.com. Yeah, you can see the video and I'll play it again for you right now and so that's what you're looking for. Yeah, thanks a lot. I looked last night it wasn't on there, but I'll check it out. It's on there right now as we speak. It can't make this stuff up. I, exactly. It's unbelievable. I think it was Callie's video. Thank you. What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century? And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes in the federal and sick of that? A tribal sovereignty means that. It's sovereign. And it's, you're a, you're a, you've been given sovereignty and you're viewed as a sovereign entity. And therefore, the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities. Right. And it's almost as good as a, and almost as good as the one about us. What was the, here I got it here somewhere. Full be worth. Our enemy, no, not to the full me, uh, can't get full again. Our enemies are innovative and most restful in a sort of way. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people and neither do we. Yeah. I didn't miss that. Oh my god, well, I got a story on our website by Mark Morford. It's way too long. I'm not going to read it. How do you know what's time for me to change in American leadership? Let us count the signs. He says, I just read the first paragraph or so. He said, you know what's time for a series change when the president of the West actually mutters the infantile, instantly in from his line. Our enemies are innovative and resourceful and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people and neither do we. Just after finishing phonetically spelling out his name and his favorite history, I'd crayon on the other budget, reading for 117 billion dollar defense spending bill. And you know it's time for a change when not a single one of the rigid and spiritually curled military estimates, they go on the ceremonial signing table, those sad automatons with their wooden smiles and stiff spines and bull and dry souls, not one broken away hysterical battle sad suicidal after followed by an uncontrolled wailing and the renting of flesh and muddling of oh my freaking god, what the hell is this man doing his leader of the free world? The whole story is on our website by Mark Morford. How time to get out the bush? 8 minutes past noon at 5.60 WQM with your session hit the water Loux Active. ianey is real pest St favorite Don't like a- Where shouldHsef no one knows her party's the trees the five He's what she'd do nowadays But you'll be happy First half will give amendments Come out from the closet, dear We shall see our blood And now we'll let the young Who's here, who's here? He's gonna be not as she is Glass-little to wake And some will fall, she'll hear I'm dead now Think, will you see our blood And now the young who we don't let see 15 at 5, 60, 50 minutes away from the Marlin Pregame Show of Cardinals at the state of your play to Marlin's Craig and Mime, if you send me any more of his fancy George It's gonna be odd Or one to two to feel my thing Why do this? I don't, I would Craig and Mime, get a life I don't, I need you pathetic, tragic soul you What's going on? I guess QM has balls after all Man, kid, a freak in life We got monkey balls No brains just balls And don't surely lean too happy about it over there at UN How many of that guy to call it? I'm Tuesday, how many of you guys on Death Road D's say? About 3 to 6 minutes 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 On the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line Let's get these 85,000 calls going here Before 12, 30, what do you say? Let's go, at least WQM, hello Hey, now, yes sir Just to tie 80s on by the way Just to tie in, the buzz doesn't cause nothing out of Howard's show Well, I've been listening to it for the last two weeks You can pick it up like the coral springs when I'm driving around Right, yesterday for half an hour That's all they were saying And they get here with that? Yeah, the end of the show, and it carried the whole thing I mean it was Gilbert got freed in that guy already Right, we're right Yeah, we're at the whole half hour So I'm here with that, while Gertee, you want hear that on this station? Yeah, so I don't know what I'm saying Yeah, this is, I'm glad that we brought this up today Because what this punch out is that this company wants to put the show on This radio station, but they don't want to carry it You see what I'm saying? They want their ratings, they want their revenue They want to be big shots, but they don't want to take the risk We like you wanted to go to Amsterdam, but you don't want to get on the plane Right I just, I don't understand it Maybe maybe somebody can explain it to me Can you explain it? Sure, if we say that we have Howard on Even if we don't carry any of the show Right, almost is good And then we can run all those promos And we can have the sales department cooperate Because they're used to line a lot anyway And it doesn't help me kind of Once you grab, oh, we got the Howard Stern show We can say Howard Howard Howard, but really, I mean, we always play The chicken, the hot thing Because we're too chicken, so I'm sure I'm sure See, I think this was a very, very, for two of this experience That have a wood muffler and zebra greeper And they're going to be a lot of stuff on there That they don't want to put on here Which leads to the question, what do they put on here And for Myers, they're carrying it over there They're handling it for a long time What the hell, because in the garden, there could be any different In other words, whatever the standards are they decided over there The beesley standards, the beeley knows taking Vanjo's strumming standards, it's going to be exactly the same on QAM And maybe even worse, because no one left mufflers He is about as nervous and Ellie is you can get If out as Ellie is they can get I mean, what do you expect? It's going to be even worse, because he admitted to me That none of that, 40 minutes would have been on the air Now, how do you feel 40 minutes? Huh? There you go Excuses, we're having technical difficulties With Howard Stern peeper mirror, we're resuming that with a show It's in the zebra crafty gift laws And they keep saying, if you don't have a hand He's going to be a little bit more careful And he's going to be a little bit more careful But soon as the zebra crafty gift laws, and they keep saying, the end word anymore Right, we also have this Yes, that's good That's good Wow, man, I really believe that we're going to have as many people tuning in The Hearst Sturgeon on Monday as people tuning in Here what's going to be going on? Do you want to be? Yeah, the alternative show Holy moly, in other words, what is really going to be Is what is really going to get on the air and is the Howard really saying anything And are we really carrying the Howard Stern show? We're just pretending that we're carrying the Stern show WKU and hello Hey, yes? Yes, I am Oh, hey, I don't know if you've got some talk about this I want to talk about something that's really bothering me Yes What they're doing with the bush campaign is doing with the sound of John Kerry When he was asked that a journalist A convention about what he would have done What he has found there in that kind of our room Right I'm in, you know, when kept reading Yeah, I saw the clip, yeah Yeah, you saw the clip You know, the clip of Kerry's answer, right? But you go through the clip of the question Yeah Everybody keep on playing it Though Kerry was saying it in a speech You know, I wouldn't have done that And the media is doing that I mean, it's literally creating an issue What there really was on He says that in direct answer for questions Right I wanted to make that known in some public forum Because I think most people as just as you have only seen that clip And they did not see the, you know, the forething Well, let me remind you and everybody a one thing The media just took a new pop down Yeah, all the stuff that's gone down Just like that story I had about to watch And post now finally admitting that they were They were bearing the stories about the WMBs And the excuses for going into a wreck The media, the media, the fact that the media And the responsibility the way I've seen it I think seeing it the same way And I think we need a lot more responsibility for reporting And it's a very hard to not find the advice I mean, on one side or the other anyway There's not enough opportunity for reporting anymore Well, you have to go on the internet That's all I can tell you Yeah, yeah, yeah And I miss you when you're not here I wish you were there more I'm not real excited about how or if I mean he's not there But are you going to be on the stove from 10 to 2 From whenever he gets done till 2 From And that's it Oh God, what are we going to do with that, Jim? All right From 10 to 30 or 10 to 40 I'm a star like the end of the world I mean you can now get by and then take another snooze I have a little see-stop I've told you on several occasions You make my life fair of all this Have a great day, sweetheart Take care of my life Yeah Prop 21 of QAN I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no I'm not a 10, no All right That is your home over here You're not a new star To the real father of the world Let me throw your hand Don't you defend it, Jim? No Not the right hand Don't you care about that I can't protect my soul In the past you did a bitch and you won I love you, now say that It's like a lie It's like a lie It's like a lie It's like a lie You're not a 10, no It's like a lie You're not married You're not a 10, no I'm not a 20, no Cut off your hand It's like a lie I'm just gonna lie down to the ground. I'm just gonna lie down to the ground. Oh, I'm just gonna lie down to the ground. I'm just gonna lie down to the ground. What the heck? Who are you? I'm not going to do it. Wow, that's a lovely thing. What a me the biggest impact on Howard Steward on WQM that's our pull question. Roger.com 550 votes. He'll send the ratings way up on 197 with it without the dumps. I don't give a crap about 0.028. He'll screw up Neil show 75 to bring tons of people back to AM radio 53. He'll drive away tons of sports nerds 43. Thank the Lord. The fence you'll have another nervous breakdown, 24. He'll increase the crank cause big time 23. Not much impact on the 50. I'm Howard's baseball baby. Hard to let the ballons get out the oars, the viscwee. Why would? Right? This would happen. Luckily, back down the hatches.