Friday you fray as good You haven't elevated to go up to this week and an elevated to go down to the streets The sun is on the pitch You're flying We are pretty It's over Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? Don't you think it's over? You're fine I'm up to the street Down to the street Good luck You're fine You're fine You're fine I think you're time-shap This time At this stage If you're jobbing If you're fine I am not impressed You're not still I want to watch this world You're fine You're fine You're дψ So spicy You're fine You feel sour You feel sour You feel sour I feel sour I feel sour You feel sour I feel sour You feel worrisome I'm going to take the car and we'll go. I'm going to take the car and we'll go. I'll take the back of the bus. I made just fire all of you. And by the way, don't you're part of it. It's a 1042 or five. 16 WCM, happy Friday to be very cautious is what I would do. I wouldn't get all panicky. I'd be a little on the cautious side right now. Too late. They're all panicky out here. Because this Ivan deal is makes Francis look like a party. And I just watched, what's your name again? Orland City on CNN. And she showed three of the five models. Not the kind of models you guys are looking for. But three of the five projection models that were Ivan is going. And three of those are very promising because they take it well out of the Gulf. The fact goes for Yahoo's up there in Alabama, Miss Sippy, with her without a vanjo on their knee. They might just get want and the pan here. But then again, well, we'll get to that. If all that stuff, a load of clock, we got to do advisory coming out. We got to new tracking map now. Yes, they have five. Well, let me just ask you this, Josh and George. Do we have two breaks to do still a sourdys one? Oh, yeah, we have two. We have two? That's right. Well, it's not a refact. We have found some real Rogers mornings in Egypt. And we're also well-absorbed to prices. We're here. What's going on? It's all the number. I wrote the other day. We'll have duck hunting with a judge. Sure. I'm dying out of here. So few very much in the FCC. Thank you very much for finding me. 1300. 5000 bucks a week. So I'm really having blood. That's more than high. This life was going to be me. So few very much in the FCC. For proving that free speech just isn't free. The clear channels and the other channels. So how it's done. Let's go. A term, a general astrophot doesn't lie strong words and so. Yeah. This judging twice as much is all the drugs for rushly mo. So few very much. That's right. So few very much in the distribution. For he'll row a carer sitting on your torch. Welcome. For Halleburton and Ron all the companies who fail. Let's send them a clear signal. I'm sick Martha, straight in jail. She's an opportunity, rich rich. Kind of to the AC isn't. So few also very much. So few take the last show me too. You and everything you do. Your pace may come as be a faith. You haven't got a lot. As far as I'm concerned, your just a face he faced all false. And as for conundallies, she's a bit like your thoughts. So few also very much. So few very much. He he he. For giving all the taskers all away. It really is a bummer. When I come to my home, he goes on. So no goes on now that Arnold's here to say. So you care in the games. I'm going to take great in LA. So few also very much. So what the planet fails. Let's save the great white males. I'm so few also very much. I mean, 10 48 it finds to see WQA. And here's a facts from a Spencer. I said he was still washing cars. As the concern list and says you must go to this link and watch. What happened at the Pentagon? It's got his long. Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. You got to check it out during a break. Yeah. Probably one of those conspiracy theories about how the plane never really hit the Pentagon. When a bomb. Of course, that raises the question. Did that plane disappear in the thin air? Yeah. Probably. Yes. Or maybe it just went out to see who knows. I was 1613. I guess before I give the poll. Let me just give you a little update on the A.A. Amin Pfizer, which is a little data now. In fact, the 11 o'clock is already out. We just don't have it yet. All right. Well, in eight o'clock this morning, the eye of Hurricane Ivo was located near Leitut, 16.3 north. Longitude, 74.7. We're about 165 miles south east of Kingston, Jamaica. And man, I don't want to like wish anything better on our good Jamaican friend. Yeah, man. They are going to get a wallet. I mean, it's like right there. I've been as moving still toward the west north west near 13 miles. And I was the most expected to bring the center of Ivo into near Jamaica. Two night. Two night. It's going to be the big blow on Jamaica. Maximum sustained winds near 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Some of the gusts up to 180 miles an hour. By the way, do you see that? I did stronger winds, especially in gusts. Like I just said, only seconds ago are likely over-elimated terrain. Some of our fluctuations in intensity are likely and I've been could become even stronger as it nearly is Jamaica, not a good idea. Hurricane 4, winds extend outward up to 50 miles from the center. Tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 175 miles. The latest minimum central pressure reported by reconnaissance plane was 934 millibars. It's a little bit up last night. It was like 921. And of course that's the number the lower it gets, the worse it is. So it's back up a little bit but still really nasty. I guess we'll just wait before we start screaming and getting everybody whipped up in the morning. Because like I said yesterday at 5 o'clock that one track looked very promising. It looks promising against the people like the north north of Tampa there. But even that wouldn't be a direct hit. We'll have to wait and see. Yes, I'm going to say it again. My advice, not based on any history and not based on my even being there. Because I'm looking at my window. There's not a cloud in the sky. It's sunny. It's going to be sunny today in Toronto. It's the next several days. It's going to be beautiful. No hurricanes. No rain. No nothing. It's going to be lovely. But you're not in Toronto. And it's about a blind. It's going to be possibly really, really nasty. And the keys also, which of course are being evacuated. Anyway, this is what the Sun Sentinel said. Hurricane, I've in love Grenadeau, wasteland. The flight in houses twisted metal and splitted wood is at board on on Jamaica. With deadly winds and monstrous waves forcing a half million people to flee their homes. The vessel on the Caribbean stood 23 was expected to rise. The hurricane devastated Grenadeau. Tuesday tossing sailboats against the shore, tearing apart buildings, setting off frenzys of looting. Oh, boy. I guess I'll have to restrain myself from saying anything about that. Well, we've got you pretty money here. The destruction is worse than I've ever seen said Michael steal a 34 year old resident whose home is destroyed were left with nothing. US officials ordered people to evacuate from the keys after forecast. We said the storm the fourth major hurricane in the Atlantic season could hit the island chain by Sunday after crossing Cuba. It was a third of activation ordered and floored in a month following Charlie in Francis. I've been already the deviliest hurricane in the Caribbean in a decade, at least violent winds downpours and waves across a wide area. It killed 13 people in Grenadeau. One in Tobago, four in Venezuela, one Canadian woman in Barbados, say. Four youngsters need a lot of replicative in a kind of horse swept away by a giant wave through it. Even though the storm was nearly 200 miles away. How do you like that? I don't know any rate. And then it goes on about the looting, which is really just it's just makes you shake and looting grow out Thursday as hundreds of people are putting families with children, smacked storm shutters and shopwenders to take televisions and shopping carts of food, some carry the way bed frames and mattresses. Maybe they wanted to have the beds to hide under. Boy, I think those people are going to be taken out and maybe just shop right in on TV. Do you think that's a good idea? It's a great idea they do it here. Maybe our faxor, maybe our chronic hurricane faxor has been a faxist real soon. You're loving a clock and advise me because you're not even looking now because they don't put it up there till right at the top of the hour. Right. So like right after the next break I'll take a peek on in and of course I'd love it also. Twice a day, I mean, four times a day, five a.m. and five p.m. 118 and 11 p.m. you get to new projections and also the whole package is the weather prognosticators like to say and I can only imagine I'm ready to light it for many reasons that I'm not there no more. I can only imagine the history that the weather for his Mr. North Cross and Miss Kamala are whipping up already. It told me that they're hyperventilating. Yeah, everybody is. All right, here's the pull result from yesterday and it's not too promising Greg. What's your take on the current WQAM line up over 1600 votes? I want Neil back at 10, 430, farmed in about about 36.5% want to show back at 10. So they have some idea when it starts. I want the hump or back now 387 almost about 24%. I may have some good news on that in a second. Possible good news. What is it? What is that line of does anybody know? 256. Greg Reed should be in a straight jacket which has that most of us are taking a vote to greet on that unanimously quite some time ago but now he's just proving it more and more every day. Every week every month as the QM line up has just got the same by his dancing and his pants. 227 say Greg should be in a straight jacket. It blows 170. How about those papers by the way? Oh yeah. How much of that Josh stayed up in the last set of things? I did. When that's great game. It was hell of a game. How about those in the world champion New England Patriots? Oh yeah. Play it all again. Tom Brady still looked pretty good to me and I'll see it blows. Speaking of that 170 and I love it only 148. The new line up. Let me look at that again. 150 now 9.2%. How to 1626 votes. Just over 9% of the audience loves the new line up Greg. Yeah. Yeah. And the rest of them are like filming at the mouth of them on like have a radio revolution because they're so pissed off. He just keeps jerking the audience around and yanking and twisting their chain and they never have any idea who's going to be on win when this show starts. We do know one thing that we got comes baseball this afternoon. Now unfortunately for us. Well yesterday you got to win. I was a pretty good scam. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. It was pretty good scam. It was an excellent scam. Yes. I thought for just a second maybe you went home and the beast came in. Yeah. He does that to me all the time. And any rainbow right along. I'm a lot of time. So far as I've decked 145 today. So we only shaved this baby by 15 minutes on that end all over 40 minutes on the front end. So that's almost an hour. We'll take that. By the way. Yes. Eric says to look at the Navy. That. So you should know the link to it if you don't always send that to you. The Navy met the that's the one that had. I don't trust him. They will research that. No. That there's a worst they had that they had France. Will you listen to me? Listen, they had France is coming directly west over South Florida. Of all the projections there's was consistently the longest. Now there's some special reason I should look at it because they have an update. Oh, they do have. They have end update. Well, I'm doing a breakout take a big no connect finish the schedule or not. By the way, the dolphin. Ten of the same George came up with this idea. I think the organization knows you had that a gratitude. The Titans and the dolphins and one o'clock to mark. We'll have that right on QA with a pretty him starting 100 hours before the game. But anyway, today at 1.45 Marlins on deck. Huge humongous double header. Marlins at regularly field to play the clubs up here starting at 2.20 this afternoon. Meanwhile, Hurricane FSU game is on power 96. You might actually be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. You might be able to hear it. The door doesn't Let lead to hear it. Don't let it change me. About how Leuretherer the Freshness Beat Put. Now Learleverness Beat. So, if you do so bad, Men Of難ers Were For First St. When Horizontal Blame Orividual service Abandon their club Drunk Don думаю Liar on New York Of them, power 9 9 Home He needs to start his art. Start this CBR except the mountain mountain park. She needs help. She's really getting proud. She's a pro fan of T&O White House. Settler, they hate, don't you think, on RBT? She's still this, this week, dawn. 15, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, have. Okay, now Earth's my thing is that the Naval, I mean, he's got a link to it. I see on our website that that's a new track. It looks exactly the one from a father clock is morning from the hurricane center. But at any rate, the 11th rocket advisory is in. Good, not National Hurricane Center. Have you heard? I said, good. Tainter is hurricane. I've been gradually approaching Jamaica Mon, expected to move slowly between the Cayman Islands and Cuba. Hey, good morning. A hurricane running remains an effect for Jamaica and the Cayman Islands. Her hurricane watched an incredible storm running range. And, in fact, for the entire Southwest Peninsula of Haiti, from the border of the Dominican Republic, westward, including Portoff Prince. At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Cuba is finally issued a hurricane watch for the entire island. And then tropical storm warning for the southeast coast. The south coast of eastern Cuba from Kabul cruise to Santiago de Cuba. At 11 o'clock this morning, all warnings and watches have been discontinued for a lot of a public-ed Dominicana. Interesting, the central and western Caribbean sea should post them on from the progress of dangerous hurricane island. At 11 o'clock the island hurricane average located in your latitude 16.5 north. Now the 8 o'clock was 16.3, correct? The launch of 75.1 west about 155 miles southeast of Kingston, Jamaica. Avan is continuing to move toward the west north west near 12 miles an hour. And this motion is expected to bring the core vibe into near Jamaica tonight or early tomorrow morning. Maximum sustained winds near 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Stronger winds especially in gusts are likely over elevated terrain, some fluctuations in intensity, likely during the next 24 hours. Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 60 miles from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 175 miles. The estimated minimum central pressure is 934 mAh. I was at on the 8 o'clock. I'm sure you're keeping track. Oh yeah. It was 9, the 30 same, which is not good. A storm surge, flooding of 5 to 8 feet above normal tide levels along with large and dangerous, battering waves can be expected. You'll be able to center avan in a hurricane warning area. And that's it. So we'll keep a look for the tracking map you see. Yeah. I'll look to weather channel. Yeah. Morning. That's just. Many Jamaican things to think well, maybe it's not going to hit. Maybe it's just going to turn out of the last minute. Oh, right. Weather is going to go so saying something very different. One of them told me yesterday and this morning again repeated that warning that the hurricane island could be catastrophic for the island. He believes that it will be much worse than the impact of hurricane deal. But here's the last major hurricane to pass over Jamaica in 1988. Okay. So they're not they're just not doing their saying. They're doing their thing. But you know, it's up to you folks. Quickly in your hand. There's a thing. Yeah. That's the problem. They're not doing the right thing. They're doing their thing. Steve likes to say, I don't want to be the current which I was just going to get to the photo and the new full and the whole bunch of whole pile of stuff. Speaking of Cheney by the way, all of us say, I said, why didn't we mean by that? Oh, it just got you. Yeah. We're going to get another terrorist to take them out of who you're like. But I just toss that out there to see what kind of reaction I get. Yeah. Look at that little, get a little bunch of crap later on. Now that we got like almost three hours of the day. How do you like that? Almost not quite. One, forty five, that pregame show. Let's see. Steve says great photo affair on today's video curtain. So we don't need to waste any time on that because we don't know who furer foss it is. Then you must have been high in under a rock in addition, which he's about 100 years old now. But let's say fantastic picture from many years ago. Not third man. And she's laying there stark naked. It's a beautiful thing. Today's a furer fossed for you. Here's today's poll question. Regardless of your choice, right now, who do you think will win the election? Boych, carry. Don't know. Or don't give a Schmidt. Those are the four choices. I'm not putting a needle on there because that would be just plain stupid. Oh, come on. No chance. Oh, yeah. Nater is going to win the election. He's going to pull off the last minute. So if everybody gets a free 65 corvare without a fan belt, but you have to hit your own. Here's a pretty good news for you. Dolphin. Oh, yeah. No chance. Oh, yeah. Nater is going to win the election. He's going to pull off the last minute. So if everybody gets a free 65 corvare without a fan belt, but you have to hit your own. Here's a pretty good news for you. Dolphin's out there. If that's a great news for us because we would prefer that the game would be blacked out somehow for some way. I can't imagine how that would be. Of course. Blacked out the status too. It's going to be interesting to see how many people actually show up tomorrow. You know what? Yep. And it's for two of this for the marlins, I guess, that these huge games with the cubs are really field in Chicago because the last thing they need to go through that whole song and a man's again. I started to tell the audience I tease them a little bit on the Hank situation. I'm a little bit of fat tease. And I can't give you any solid information. I would like to be rock solid, but can't do it yet. But on next week's schedule, on Monday in 4 to 6 30 is more Howard David. Oh, do do do do do do. For maybe the last time. And that's a lot anyway. Two of the day we got marlins again. The expo is double hitter. F Florida. Oh, that's right. The expo is coming in town on Monday. So I'm counting my gains before they hatch because, uh, I'm not going to say, see what those games are going to get played. Anyway, in fact, they might have to play a whole bunch of D-night. I got to have their starting like 10 30 in a morning. Well, actually, we had big great. Yes. Actually, they might actually play the games on the road because of the hurricane. Yeah. I might actually go to Kamiski in Chicago because it'll be open. They're going to play in Kamiski Park. There'll be a lot of people there to see Florida and Montenegro. What do we? Kamiski Park. They're not even called Kamiski Park. Or you're talking about the old Kamiski. I thought they tore that down. It's still Kamiski isn't it? No, no. No. You're right. You're right. But no, it might be played there. Because it's, it's, it's, it's, I'm going to tell you for a guy. No, one day van boring is so bad. Good. All right. Yeah. I forgot it. It squeezes his hand. For the entire game to keep him a little energized. And you're not doing much of a good job on it. Uh, you know, there's no anything about baseball. I know the Marlins winning streak ended the yesterday. Finally against the mess that said, for nothing. I believe it was a final score. Am I right about that? You are right about that. And I don't know if the cubs want to lost yesterday. I think he played. He lost. Did they really want to ask good news? What about Houston? Um, I hope you like I said. Here's the, I, I, I, I just, I don't want to put you on this spot. Cause you're obviously, your scope is so narrow. Uh, if, if we'll hold it, the hurricane track advise we could be as narrow. We could like pinpoint it. We could, oh, there's, uh, what's in the weekend, Orlan Sidney? Just came in from the National Hurricane. You know, you can give you kind of perspective here, course, as Ivan's here is Jamaica and Cuba. And then the Florida Keys down through here. I think it's a pretty good bet that any of those keys could certainly be in trouble. Oh, my goodness is, well, I don't know if it's good news or not. The storm seems to be slowing down a little bit. So I guess that's good news to a certain degree because if you're on the right side of the storm, the winds won't be quite a strong, but look, it's only slowed down to 12 miles an hour. And it looks like now the winds will hold at about 145 or they're about. Oh, what a bird. It moves on towards Jamaica. So Jamaica is going to get a almost direct hit from a very strong hurricane. There's just really no way out of it unless we could just make the storm disappear. And as you know, that just don't happen. We're under 55 miles now south east of Kingston. The 16.5 north 75.1 west is the current. The north is a crack and more. As we go on through the next couple of days, here's what we're looking at. Notice that as we get to 8 a.m. Monday, the storm is just over the northern coast of Cuba in between Cuba and Florida right through the Florida straight. That's a little bit of a slow down from previous. You can see Sunday. It hasn't even made it to the aisle of youth or the southern part of Cuba. So this is going to be a very slow track through the Caribbean. And we think the turn to the north and north west is probably a pretty good vet. The look on either side here, stretching all the way from the Bahamas down to the UK-Tan channel. That's the area of possibility as we go on into 8 a.m. Monday. So we're certainly not out of the wood yet as far as Florida is concerned. Everybody in Florida needs to be concerned about this. But so do people across the central Gulf and maybe even parts of the Bahamas and the southeast US. Look at this. So notice we're down to category 3 as we get up towards the northern coast of Cuba. That's still a major hurricane and still a reason for the hurricane watch that's in effect for Cuba. Of course the warning continues for Jamaica. That's a pretty lame because that didn't see the, I don't see it on area on the, and no website. The 11 o'clock advisory. But I'm sure Erica, click it on to our website as soon as it becomes available like within a couple of minutes. 10 or 12 hours. Yes. Anyway, what I started to say about Hank is that I see on the schedule on Tuesday, you've got mad dog at two and the crow will be on for half an hour, which is more than enough. 4 to 4 30 because then the pre game shows it 4 to 3. We got that Marlon's exposed double head around. And of course, well, if they move against Chicago, that would screw the times all up. Well, not because first of all they were an hour behind, well, whatever. And then Wednesday through Friday, Wednesday Thursday in Friday, it's got you managed to to four and then in four to six to 30 it's got no name. It's got question mark and the Mysterians. How do you like that? Pretty mysterious to me. Question mark. So I think that means that the room with a scuttle butter round of buildings that they were finally talking to the Humper and that maybe that's the scuttle butter. I have no idea of knowing. And hopefully he'll be back next week long overdue. In fact, even Jim Sarny said, where the hell is he? Fat Jim Sarny in a sense that it says this morning, Hank Goldberg was back on the airwaves through the night to TV airwaves in his role as NFL Prognosticator for ESPN. Goldberg appeared on the sports center segment with Dan Patrick. Then gave his first pick of the season he paid for it over the cold. So I was going, hey, although I don't know what to do, you spread was. Do you? I do not. No. I don't want to say. Meanwhile, Goldberg remains suspended with pay, with pay from his afternoon talk show on WQN. When and if he returns as anyone's guest, there's been no communication Goldberg said. I'm still the next aisle except that I'm home. This has gone beyond the point of ridiculous ridiculousness. And he is. I'm so willing to direct. And Jim Sarny says the NFL season has started. If you were WQN, you should go to Goldberg back on the air and roll out to Red Carp and he also is. I'm so willing to direct. He wants it. He wants it. He wants it. He wants it. So there's a chance that Wednesday the hump will be back. I just got a feeling it's got to happen. I don't know what happens to. I guess they get sent him out to get his head read done. Right. He can do overnight. Over night sound good. Two to five in the morning. He's used to those early hours anyway. Absolutely. He would be dynamite. In fact, I can see it right now. Joe Costa. Joe and Mo. Two to five in AM is the or two to six in AM is the Howard Stern leading. They got a Surned to serve as a better leader than sporting news radio. Right? Absolutely. I mean, something like Jim and little little send off there. Howard and Howard. Back to back. Twelve minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WQN right now. Armstrong for the homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining. O4 is. Here are just some of the great deals right now. As I speak, an O4 F150 tick up. You paid just $1 over invoice. New O4 explorers just $1 over invoice. The range is crowned. VIX, toruses and focuses all waiting for you at just a buck over invoice only. At Armstrong for the homestead. Plus Armstrong for it offers more value to this little customers. When you buy a Ford from Armstrong for you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That is absolutely correct. tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get to Armstrong for doesn't stop there either because right now you can get to a freeze floor to some pass with any vehicle you buy. If you press for time, Armstrong for those your time is valuable. Especially with all the screwing around with the stuff that's going on right now. It is 85 hurricanes. We got so called this number and chopped by foam 305. 247. 51 12. The leaving delivery of new vehicle right to you. In your storm shelter at your home at your office where every hanging about. Armstrong for the homestead locally owned and operated. They'll treat you just by family and I guarantee you. You can beg Greg Weed's life out of the EWNKIT. The better deal on a Ford anywhere in town. No bait and switch. No phone deals. At Armstrong for the homestead. If they're located at 307 25. South Dixie Highway, which is just 20 minutes south of the E36. Check them out of the web, Armstrong cars.com. Drive a little and save a ton and they do Ford only from Armstrong Ford of homestead. I'm 16. That's crucible. 160. 2. The story is coming. Oh, right. I joined the NASA party. They used to call it the Geo. And that's probably a free with right wing policy. So they won't be coming for me. Abu Garf, rib. So I went to the NASA party. Convention hailed in the entire state. For 9-11, thank the Saudis get their hands off shake. And dance on the grain of reading. Mine holds down. But the sun is shining. The bush of Trinnets will receive. Be with me. Be with me. One at you can't thank for yourselves. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? The entertainer that the Nazi party was appropriate. The Christian and wife. There was David Duke and Clear Channel Approably Greenwood until the Green Teeth keys. I'm watching. All right now. And then, hope to as well. If you don't believe for Shizzy O'Neighbond, then you should die to him. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Love an IT that 5-60 WQM happy Friday too. We got a lot of heavy. We got just pressure packed these next few days. You know, especially you. Yeah, low pressure. I can just sit back and relax and put my feet up on a coffee table and turn on that TV and just last my answer. I'm very concerned. I'm very concerned. Maybe I should take a vacation next week. To North Carolina, I think that's where this is going to mind. Yeah, about Wednesday or Thursday, I think we really good idea. There's your Friday next week. Just hang on real tight. Anyway, Eric was right. And of course Eric don't make mistakes. We know that we apologize for fearsly for doubting you. And Eric's actually got the new pull up there. Yep, he only do four or five things at one time. He has the 11-A. I'm tracking math up there. And he was right the Naval Observatory of whatever the hell is. I think they had several minutes ago. About two to a minute. About half an hour ago. And it was he was right. And the reason that I didn't think that it was any different thing to compare, I've got them both in my hand right now. The 5-A-M tracking math in the 11-A-M. The changes so imperceptible, but I'm just looking at it. Have you ever seen those things like in magazines where they show you if Contest, if you can find the eight differences between these two pictures, it's the same thing with these pictures because the track over Jamaica, I mean a direct test about a Bing. It's time, the times of change. The time frame, they've slowed it down because it's slowing down when it gets to Cuba. And then they show it over the northwest coast of Cuba. Eight o'clock Monday morning instead of two a.m. So it's six hours behind schedule. Then they show it moving to the northwest, but then right to the north. And just offshore the keys and moving north to, and on five o'clock this morning it looked like I would call that, I don't want to say, a punta gorda. So I'll say punta gorda. Putta gorda. Yeah, like right around there. And now it's directly west of Tampa. And just a little bit slightly offshore, but that puts it with putta whole right side, the whole evil eye, the whole bad deal. I mean, I would be a little bit offshore, but the right hand side, the heavy duty stuff would be right over Tampa, same peak clear water. All of those going over there. Then it shows it moving north. Yeah, there's a little subtle difference here. Now that would be eight o'clock Tuesday morning is opposed to two o'clock Tuesday morning. So like I said, they've pushed it back. They've pushed it back about six hours because it's slowing down. Up into Georgia. They've extended a little bit further north and north and north to the east at eight o'clock Wednesday morning. Got it. You're talking that out of your corner with your crates. I think you'll have to go out the Navy map. If you click on the little picture, you get a big map that you can print and show all your friends it's great. Well, I don't, I don't trust those, the Navy people because they're, there, maybe they're going to be a little bit. See, that's the problem. There's, there's no way to know. I mean, yes, it's guesswork at best. Wait a minute. Yes. On the Navy side, it says information by the National Hurricane Center, which is a graphic by whoever. In other words, they're just taking the information and drawing it out really nice and to a lot of detail. No, but the Naval Observatory is one of the places where they do their own tracking and they give one of the proposed possible things. Okay. But it says forecast by the National Hurricane Center, right? Above the map. Right. Why are you trying to complicate this? Aw, not stick with Noah, baby. He's the guy with the nails in the hammer. Stick with Noah. So anyway, that's my best suggestion is I would be prepared. I mean, I got a call yesterday like putting the burden of his life on my shoulders. I don't really care for that because I had a hell of my qualified. I'm not going to be somebody sitting here saying, well, I've been through these things for years. What if they don't know how to out of I know, right? I don't know. We know. But wait, well, especially at WQM, where tank companies, computers, thank God for TV sets because of that we are in the dark. Even when the power, that should be our motto if QAM. Even when the power is on, we're in the dark. Even when the lights are blurring brightly, we're always in the dark. If you want to know what's going on in town with the hurricane's anything is happening in the world, don't ask us because we haven't got a clue. Unless it has to do with sports, and even with sports sometimes if you ask a Josh there, what's going on, he's a little bit, that's for Morgan with Dave Van Boire in so long. He's under a lot of stress trying to keep that guy awake and animated, and you'd be under stress too. I like this story that somebody facts in. Daytona Beach, where else would this happen? A man who's swung an alligator in his girlfriend during an argument with since the six months in jail. David, have an or 41 of Port Orange flew out of pre-to-no contest in Mr. Meiner charges a better imposition of an alligator. But his action of an alligator, it was that it concealed alligator. Yeah, said Linda Prue, it's both woman for the state attorneys or a Fisi changed his earlier play of Machuole, he said Wednesday. He was sentenced to six months in jail, but 48 days credit for time served during his timor first hearing. Sure, officials that have no escapeing with, oh it's only a little baby, three foot gator in his bathtub, and swung an at his girlfriend Nancy Monico 39 to remind him of July 16. Monico, I guess that's her name, told a investigators that have an orbiter with his fists, then grab the gator in swung an at her seat, she tried to escape. The gator struck money, co-ed least once after which some have her through empty beer bottles at her, and then kicked her out of her mobile home, he told investigators. Haven't heard investigators that Monico bit his hand because she was upset they'd run out of booze. That's important orange man, it sounds so poor to orange you to me, you know. The alligator was later released in the St. John's River, coined a wildlife commission if it's a lovely story. It's very heartwarming to me. Here's a fact that says, if you notice the polls all of a sudden have gone all over to the place, that's right. And yesterday's ABC poll was giving you shrub big leaves and all the important categories, even the handling of our rack where we've only had over 1000 Americans died, and it was just chaos in the streets everywhere and we really do an a fine job. It says, now I may not remember correctly or maybe a dumbass, but I never remember polls being sought a whack. One poll has, in fact, let me cast my vote, I see Eric who's got the poll up right now because I'm sure, oh, I'm who I think is going to win. Okay. One poll has shrub bleeding by 11 points and other has some time with Kerry. I think that tickering with the polls has started for two reasons, says the facts are German. That's his name. Or maybe he's a German. One, a shrub lead the moralizes the opposition, but two and most important that they can start now convincing the electorate that shrub is invincible, then they won't have any explained to do when dibolls deals this election. I think you may have a stomach on something right there. Whether underground dot com is the best site for hurricane information says the facts are going to. I know you love that website and I have been looking at that, but I disagree with you. It's too hard to find what you're looking for. Stick with the Noah. Well, that's what I do. Okay. You go wherever did have you want and find out whatever you want and I hope you're safe and happy. But it's just, I just don't like the weather on the graph for this stuff. For other stuff, it's fine, but not for all we're fine for. I like the Noah. 560, 560, 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Glad to see that the dolphin organization is listening to the George there. Who wouldn't know a football from a come quad, but nonetheless came up immediately yesterday before the show with the right idea. Don't wait till Sunday because that we start getting some nasty weather on Sunday. And if anyone have to be postponed and the times of good stuck in town and who to help their right mind would show up for that. Have it on Saturday is what George said. Hey, great idea, George. We need to like poison the dolphin organization like soon. Right? Right. We somebody does. WQA. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, Hornet. You didn't have to be Friday. Same to you. We're about to get blown away, but with the hell, we can always use it extra below. Neil, the maybe map that George is trying to show you is. Yeah. I like it. It's the navigational map that gets sent out to all ships that see. So it's very, very detailed. It gives you names of places. It's not like the Noah map that just shows you the geographical outlines. This tells you where it's going and everything else shows you the wind force and everything else. It's quite me. Like I said, I love that Navy man. Yeah. Well, you know, what you're talking about was the naval generated models which were just right. That's that's the problem. That that is a problem. But that's what the data they put into their computer. But the math that was going out now, because I use that map myself, is all Noah data generated into a highly detailed format. Now, second thing is a public service. I know a lot of people's electricity went out. I saw a riot yesterday for generators at the lows of the sunrise. And I saw a lot of people who were peeping the crap out of each other for a truckload of generators. Oh, it was a riot. And old people slap the crap out of each other. Funny is hell. Time is wrong for it. They all sounded like healthy. They did. But there's a thing, you know, how a lot of people go out and buy MREs. The meals ready from the military. You can't find them. A lot of people are going to one store in particular that happened to be a customer mine. They have a kosher gourmet meals that are self-heating. They don't need refrigeration. They have a little metal, a little metal plate, the bottom of it. The pork stock packet that comes in the meal. Well, what's going on this? The place is called Sarah's 10 to nap and four of. Oh, yeah. It's a great place. I mean, really good food. But the stuff you take the thing out of the box, you pour the water on the plate, and then you shove the box back in there, and you get a hot meal in a minute. I'll be there. I think lots of balls keep coming to the game. So, you know, they're going to have to get stuff cabbage. You know, they're already a Sarah's pal. I got to run. That's about a billion. Thanks. 28 past 11 and 5, 60 year kosher station, QAM. But we're still in the dark. Since a meaningful new Roger's exclusive way, I'm five six year. QA's been. On the good ship, on this dad gets a strange ship and it's very packed when you walk all day. And the good you are in the back with change. It's a wooden ship and this fellow's son, not like an art, it's for a bad eight part. And it's you die of disease. It's all about the industry. And it's a whole so-called fortune, don't just relax. And if you go play the old, no, right there will be too much to do. But the slave ship, they don't serve roof food when you get cheap. They feed it back to you. Life is very far out of the good ship of the sky. On the 33 or 5, 60, WQM, we got the Marlon pregame at 145. The big double header from Ridley Field at 200 this afternoon with a cubs. See, unlike Francis, because the early days of that, I was saying, you know, there's no reason to be panicky and running out of the way. And I'm going to make a big rush on a gas station and on your supermarkets and convenience stores and grab it up all the pickle days and do things like that. With this one, my altitude is quite a bit different. And probably the people are too. When you think, obviously, I mean, I'm getting my house shuttered. I mean, I completely, every window where we crack, every crevice out or to think. I said it to think of what the possibilities are. George was shopping around for January this yesterday. We just forgot about it. Yeah, for his house in my house, it's set around. I mean, case of russia, plus I'm not there all where you are at the moment. I might not be. But I'd be out, let's see today's Friday. And this thing looks like now quite a change thing here. Looks like Sunday. I can't see if this latest tracking is correct the times. 8 a.m. Sunday, it's still well south of Cuba. 8 a.m. Monday, it's like at the northern edge of the Cuban shore above after blows of an off the map. So at that point, 8 a.m. Monday, so you've got all day today, all day Saturday, I would think in these next two days between today and tomorrow would be the intelligent time to like fill up the tanks with gas, get all your supplies, do intelligent things if you want to get to plywood, go ahead and get it. If you still got it, do it. Get two plywood. There you go. If you want to get a whole bunch of toilet paper and some canned beans and whatever that is, then go right ahead and have a good time with it. Or you can just sit back and say, well, I don't think so. I think we're just going to pray for the best. And then, of course, the problem again is that if nothing happens, if it's you go way out into the golf, which a couple of the models sure that it might, people, it's the boy who cried Wilson, and the real tragedy is not only that we had the previous two and such a short period of time, but that a lot of people are still waiting to get their power back on. Yes, they get real upset about it too. Many, many people who are foaming at the mouth and really pissed off and fired up, they're just finally getting some of the important traffic signals back up in the year and back up the working again. And now here we go about a being there. So it's definitely going to be downhill from here on out. You can see that the storm continues across Jamaica until this time 8 a.m. Saturday. After all, it's starting to impact the area now. It may be early tomorrow, maybe in as long as mid day before the storm continues to move on towards the Cayman Islands. Then you can tell how much it slows up. It's to the northern coast of Cuba at 8 a.m. on Monday. That's a considerable slowing from the previous forecast. Wins now 145, the pressure 934 moving to the west north west at 12 miles an hour. So it has been slowing slightly. I didn't want to show you some of the players in the potential forecast. Here, of course, is our hurricane. Here is the Bramuda High, the high pressure system that sets up in the Atlantic this time of year. That's the main driver. But we have a little bit of a little bit of a weakness that hurricanes may tend to follow. They don't light high pressure. They tend to bump along along the bottom of it. And once they find a weakness, they tend to kind of sweep up into it. And if I change sources, I can show you what that weakness looks like on the water vapor imagery. This is it right here. Big area of dry air here is the cold front itself. But look at this. It's the hurricane slows up too long. We've got another tropical pressure out to the west that could be a player as well. Right now, I don't think any of the malls are including that. But this right now the main player. So we've just got several things to worry about. There is some good news. Hurricane is expected to start interacting with land and perhaps decrease and strength as it moves across Jamaica and Cuba. Right now, the pressure at 934 puts it out of the top five lists. But the course things will change as we go on through the next several days. So we've settled down to the top party. We'll get the United States. We do know how ever that's going to be a big problem for folks in Jamaica. OK. Thank you very much, oral and Sydney on CNN. Thank you for her right. She's good. I told you. She's good. You were ripping her an ass. I thought that was pretty bad. OK. Here's how the poll show shapes up so far. And it's very revealing because if we just ask who you're going to vote for, who do you hope wins in this crowd in this rational crowd of ours. Carrie wins via land slide. But who do you think is going to win the election right now? Bush 49, carry 45, don't know nine and I don't give a Schmidt five out of 180 votes. So you see what that's all about. Confidence is a mighty low. A long piece of good news is that the change has been back into a corner here and we don't. But it would put about vice president Dick Cheney sought yesterday to clean up a controversy. He started this week saying that he doesn't believe that he liked things John Kerry the president would mean the nation would be hit by another terrorist attack. He just got through saying that it did mean that. But now after all the crap came down, I didn't mean that. No matter who is present the country is vulnerable to attack he said they knew his paper interviewed it tried to cover his fat pimple old ass. On Tuesday, Cheney told supporters an Iowa that there's a danger if the US will be a danger that the US will be attacked again if we make the wrong choice on election day. Democrats and others pounced on the vice president and rightly so with democratic opponent John Edwards calling Cheney's comments undignified and divisive. President Bush declared a response by his answer to be agreed with his running may he just stays mom. You know like about everything. He just said the same like was 527 ads. He said, I don't know nothing about it. In interview Thursday with the Cincinnati and Quarero Cheney saw if it clarified those remarks cover his big ugly ass and he wanted to clean up the controversy like I said cover it with a blanket. I did not say if Kerry selected we will be hit by a terrorist attack team to the newspaper queen was sorry for prepared for today's divisions. Whoever's elected president has to anticipate more attack. He says in other words, this story is changing that because he took a lot of flack. My point was the question before us will we have the most effective policy in place to deal with the threat George Bush will pursue a more effective policy than John Kerry. He said, yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada and a part is in poetry and I think another heart term are coming now. We will be speaking about our glorious prize matches. Thank youensonman will. We need help of our wonderful creation like most I say Meab М fraud. What the hell are you doing with a harmonica? I don't blame them! Don't blame them! I'll jam the thing down your throat! And get that blue bird away from me! Oh, for tomorrow, move! I'm allergic! I'm allergic! Sir, over 25 million people showed. Shut up,izer! Listen, yeah. You say me what I'm doing here? Sir, you're on the phone. I know what I'm on the phone. Do you say what I'm doing? You should have a imagination for crying all along. I'm going to leave my hands up and down, fly to fly. I'm the puppet master. I swear, you do it! Now, Fox is going to have all the stuff that you cut out on the Michael Jackson interview. But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh at me. Stop it, stop it! Pop it, master! Me! Idiot! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Really, man? Yes, you are! What's the hell you doing now? Mission to flow, boss. It's nothing wrong with a floor, Ray, Miss. What's this in my ear? That you'll beat his voice. My Honor, Ray, Miss. Oh! At the phone, boss. That's the floor, Ray, Miss. Get out! Go over to work. Get out!izer! Yes, sir. Kill with me. Kill with me. I'm sorry, sir. Kill with me. Sorry. Kill with me, sharply. Reason I play that is because I've never sang goodbye to Mickey. I didn't like that. Okay. Although he's one of those people who's leaving very slowly. Bye, bye, bye. Kind of like, you know, some people came around and everybody wanted to say goodbye, but they just... Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Captain Hangin' around. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not to mention a name's anything like that. And battle business CEO. Oh! Michael Eisner believes in me getting glamour in two years. The company announced earlier today. Eisner was led the company for nearly 20 years, and later the board of Walt Disney Company yesterday, saying you plan to retire at the exploration of his employment contract. September 30th. But turn the man. 2006. Is there nothing like long goodbye, you know? Looking. Eisner 62 was scripted as position as chairman after about 42% of shareholders voted and may not return to the board, but he retained the support of the company's board despite attacks. From two former board members Stanley Gold and Roy Disney, the nephew of company founder Walt Disney, shares of Disney, Firling European trading early Friday on the news. In the interview, published Sunday in the LA Times, Eisner said Disney President Robert Eiger was his preferred choice to succeed him. I grew a veteran broadcasting executive told the newspaper, he's interested in the job, he wants it. And if he wants it, he probably going to get it. Anybody care? No, no. Why are we supposed to care about that crap? I don't know. Most of these people are a bunch of crooks anyway, and incompetence in the idiots. So why are we supposed to care about that? It's just like to think about the movies in the box office numbers. Instead of saying, what is movies really great? Well, this movie walt to competition in the box office, lastly, who cares about that? It's like watching the TV ratings. Oh, well, most people watch the, well, whatever the hell the stupid choice when those sit time is joy. You know, what, who cares? Do you care about that? No. Like me, no. Talk about being led by the nose. Yes, the joy rental show. Hey, Tom, take a road to hold column on it. Nice, go on, Tom. You finally got a plan. It's not about something that somebody cares about you, idiot. Government to check passenger documents for explosives. I love this. Wait, can you hear this? The airport closest to the nation's capital is now the first to test boarding passes for residue from explosives. A positive test will suggest the passenger had recently handled explosives. So if you're going to be handling, like a bunch of Donald, Mike, and the TNT, and Eva Watch and TNT, I'd like to wash my hands that would drill out or provide airport. The TSA began the pilot project this weekend, Ronald Reagan, Washington, and the TSA to the airport. Passing just a life and for a secondary screening, had their boarding passes tested by undergoing other checks. I think they look for residue in your back home. Security agents use a box of foot square with a swat of fabric that picks up microscopic samples. There is really no further delay for them as long as they say negative match. The explosives scanner takes seconds to register a reading. The agency recently tested the scanners as part of a rail inspection project in Connecticut. They said the equipment is not being used routinely on a rail system, but can be if intelligence alerts authorities to a threat. The scanner can screen paper boarding passes and plastic IDs like driver's licenses for numerous explosives. These are things we never even thought about before. I'm thinking because they blew up Oklahoma City, the nickels bomb for the Tim McVe. That was a nitrogen bomb. What else is really rich in nitrogen? What's that? You're in. Oh no, don't let your eyes back and go to Oklahoma. Airports in New York, LA and Chicago, I'd enjoy the test in a few weeks with 10 more airports added in the budget year that starts next month. I'd wish I would scrub. I'd like to wash your boarding pass. I'd like to wash you like to. Right. Scrub it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, let's get the lay of the land out there. Let's find out where these people are in a panic where there is like gas, pletiful, available. Not all the things they got all the gas stations are at least most of them all. I guess I'd like to go through like his stereo once again. Like I said, very calmly, very rationally, right. Just rush to your. You're near it, you can't see it. You can't see it. You can't see it. And do the things that you gotta do. And just be prepared. You don't have to go into it. Don't let them, I know it's not going to happen because people are just like, just like when they blow the whistle that are used to when it was open. And then, highly with the flamingos when we're speeding time and else they're goose stepping along just like the thing with Bush and Cheney, you know, the goose peppers are out there at least about half of the country. No need for panic, no need for a stereo. You've got a tudi at time. That's the one good thing right now. The other good thing is that this forecast rack is so. Indecisive, so inaccurate, especially the longer you get out. Especially now that you've got this thing slowing down, not to a crawl like Francis did, but it just might when it goes over Cuba. When you think, yeah, that's totally. It's a pretty good thing. When it goes over to Las Montanias de Cuba, at that point, that could like number one break it up quite a bit, hopefully, in number two, slow it way down. But at any rate, you've got to the way it looks here Monday afternoon. It's very latest Monday, more earliest Monday morning before we start really getting some impact from this thing in Southeast Florida. So you've got Friday and Saturday and Sunday and if that ain't enough time for you, well, we told you so. WQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. No panic here, man. I still don't have power. And I'm in plantation. In plantation, really? Yeah, I'll meet you on sunrise there, but no power. I haven't added some Saturday, so. Well, at least one good thing about that. You don't have to worry that Ivan's good not your power. Right. Yeah, I said that. That's my mother. Yeah. I'm sure that all you started trying to weigh. Yeah. I think I'm going. Okay, good luck, Pally. Hurry up. It's some candles. Well, they don't want to use candles anymore. Well, screw them. Okay. I lost the power for two hours. So when I was there that set her in night and with a couple of candles, right, me too. You don't wax all over my head. Well, you know, if the Christopher's always says better to like one candle than do a wander run in a dark or whatever the hell they used to say. That's way before you were born. They used to have this little these TV, PSA's used to the Christopher's sponsor. It's better to like one candle and like floppy your ass into the table or like smash your teeth in the end of the table, try to answer the phone and two in a more than a guided. What? Do you know my lip is still here now? Yeah. I just still got a way to go to, but turn it man. A 30% to go down from that collage with my day of dining in table. WDQA and hello. New. Yes, sir. I don't push time long time. All right. What's up with Hurricane Island man? Yeah, what up with Hurricane Island man? You can say, I just turned you on so I don't know what you can say. I've been saying I cried a bit as well. I'm saying this will up a big fat one car of the bed. Make sure you're in a big an ice cream. It'll come put it out. When it does, put that baby up. Of course, they're pretty much a go out anyway, right? Yeah, if you don't keep suck at it. Speaking of that, 10 Anderson runs down to KFC Boycott. Your favorite. You can see your favorite right? Yeah, actually my favorite plus. Big boob dripping. Yes, big boob. Yeah, what does she got some terminal disease? She's got, I have to say this. She's got hip-hop filters in her back home. And probably for good reason. Filter out all those diseases. She's always saying she will have to. Actress Pam Anderson always gave him to Ruffle a few feathers in the name of Ms. Treat his foul and his under famous face to a billboard campaign calling for a boycott of the KFC chain of chicken restaurants. Well, we got a neighbor right there next to our radio station called KFC. And they'd probably not be too happy with us. Wouldn't give us any more free food if we did that course they never gave us any free food. And we don't want their food anyway, right? I do. Yeah. Well, what you said Joshua there for us in KFC or somebody who's like wandering around the building? We sometimes do. He right back. Get out of here. You've over there for a while. I sent somebody over there for the chicken strips of gravy. Ooh, that sounds pretty good. Because I like their gravy to see. That's the thing I like. I didn't know they had that. If I let it own that one, I was an Amsterdam last time instead of going to McDonald's to watch that rat crawler under the deep fry. I would have gone right because there's a KFC right next door to McDonald's on the camera. Can I ms the dumb? You get the breast strips. No bones or anything like that. And you order as one of your sides just to side of gravy and you dip the chicken into the gravy. That sounds luxurious. Speaking of breast, the billboards which are created by your favorites. If she is your second favorite, your very favorite are the people that paid up. Right. The billboards created by people for the ethical freedom of animals, a bunch of lunatics if there ever was such a group. Feature a photo of the TV star next to the words, boycott KSC, Pamela Anderson. Underneath are the words, live, scalding, painful, debeaking, crippled chickens and the dress of a website attacking the fast food chain can tuck you fried cruelty.com. That's almost as good as McDonald's. She could use a debeaking. Yeah, she could use a degousing. The billboards were going up there or maybe the way she's bitching about this and be grousing. The billboards were going up in LA, Dallas, Boston, San Francisco and other cities and a spokesman for a P to yesterday. KFC stands for a cruelty Anderson, setting the same amount of statement. If KFC executive three to catch your dogs the way they treat chickens, they could go to prison on felony cruelty to animals charges. A spokeswoman for KFC, which is owned by Louisville, Kentucky based young brands and corporated says that the chain and had enough of a tax by P to. P to his disparage, our brand misrepresented and the truth about our responsible industry leading animal welfare standards, Bonnie Warshauer said in the statement, the P to spokesman said that billboards were Anderson's idea and accurately described the fit of chickens that processing plants that supply KFC. A figure part of the P to spokesman said the billboards were Anderson's idea and accurately described the fit of all the P to spokesman. I said he can't be her breasts. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P a good. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to th his own. P to his own. P a good. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. P to his own. And say this, what? Smoke, can't just smoke smoke They write up this cliff and talk They begin to cough and choke Smoke, can't just smoke smoke They can't jump in good Mama tell me, son you are an awesome man I just want the GIS tip whenever you can Then maybe put on makeup and files around The fighting for you by the ounce of it come Rastaman's age of a mama you write They can't just be good, so now I'm abandoned this storm Smoke, can't just smoke smoke, a rat They write up this cliff and talk Smoke, can't just smoke, smoke Smoke, can't just smoke, smoke They can't just be good I'll go grab the rat Come on Come on Come on to it five sixty, dummy Somebody QA, I'm happy Friday too Well I take a one good thing that those ass wipes On the TV networks They're standing out in the rain and getting blown away And punching over and doing all that hyperventility That was good practice for them right? Yeah, they ought to be real good at it Oh they ought to be sensational at it this time Of course they could borrow some of those anchors from Channel 7 Because they're going to need them Well I'll tell you the weather phrase could use an anchor At least to keep on to on a ground would be good 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 And the Verizon singular wireless line Send a line whatever the hell they are And we got no calls on her, look at that That's a bit of QA in hello No better, no better than I need them QA in? A play? What is it? Electricity in the open? Speaking I got some information I generated for you out of the life Okay I got a about three months ago Personalized power system in Boka I have a 15,000 kilowatt to run the whole house I have a, that's about 1900 square feet And they've been in business for about 30 years And they're a really, really good company Okay So that one and then the hurricane panels I have panels and I saw much apple they were So I went ahead and got the according and shutter So that was good Alright now how are you talking about for that generator? Okay the generator that will run the whole house The AC, the microwave oven And the microwave oven We're free to rate it in no store The hot water heater And two other rooms living in the master bedroom My office and the master bath About $11,000 Love and grand Right And well worth it and twice the price Okay, thanks a lot, paley Thank you Good luck to you Love and grandity Perfect George is probably going to rush out Whenever the show is over One of the best for the day Love and grandity No problem, I'm sure that Josh is going to get his too He's got the love and sense for down payment WDQAM hello No Yes sir True Rose was talking about how he also had beef with Peter Yeah He has beef with Peter, and I can't I thought there had to be a little bit more than that I guess that was it That was it That was enough Was that an animal? Thanks It was enough for you Let me kind of a little limp George of course are good close personal friend He's been a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little Mad Dog left and what else? Eddie Kaye? Well, Eddie Kaye for the gambling crowd, but I'm talking about you know, all you have to worry about in some more than five, like at least. But turn man! I mean there's nobody listening at night. Yeah, but all the respect that he Kaye was a great guy and I love him in dearly, but, in fact, the matter is he's not well, I don't want to say it. You know what I'm talking about? No. Line nine, WQA and hello. No. Yes sir. Just calling for let you know, there's an article out on the Rolling Stone magazine. I would fact it to you, but it's pretty long. Okay. And it goes over Dick Cheney's record and every- I'm getting on the website. Yeah. It's a healthy good for bedtime stories. It just everything pretty much he does is, what he touches, pretty much turns to Schmet. And it goes over his deferments, like one of the good things, one of the things that points out is like, one of his deferments that he took took place exactly nine months and two days after the fact that they said that people who were married couldn't get out of Vietnam, they had to have children. Right. And then nine months and two days after that, guess what happens. Yeah, there must have been screw in their brains. So anyway, I hope you don't get blown away. Well you're in Toronto, aren't you? Yeah. Okay. Son of a beautiful hear man. That's right. That was George. I'd like to hear. Okay. John Ashwin of the door. Hang on tight. Good old Dick Cheney man. Anybody ever looked up to a name? He's the one. New ABC pool. I don't like this. But then again, like everyone faceted, there's a pool to prove it. I haven't heard you want. For example, our pool on our website today is just all over the place. Regardless of your choice, right now, who do you think is going to win that presidential election come November two, which is now only seven and a half weeks away? $111. Carry $103. Don't owe $24. Don't give a Schmidt 12 out of $250. I voted I think Bush is going to win. Don't want him to win and that's the understanding of my lifetime. But I just don't see it. I mean, a carry campaign. Yeah, he's just going up a little bit. He grew like one small teeny tiny ball bearing in the last couple of weeks since they started to jump it on his ass since he gave that super answer about. Oh, yeah, I'd vote for that resolution again anyway, even though I know that it was all based on lies. See, this is what gets me. This is why I do not understand and there's a lot of stupid people out there. It's not just the fact that the thousands Americans have died over there in this phony war and Iraq, but the fact that it's a phony war. Why aren't they hammering on that? All these kids with, and of course, carry took himself on the ball game when that statement, yeah? Yeah. All of us, everybody to let the, uh, tell the Han was saying, oh brother. Oh my God. Yeah, when he burdened that crap out, he's he's weak. Let's face it. You can try everything you want. It's wishful thinking in our park because it's like anybody but bush. But he is weak. Wake. Lame. See. I mean, his, his whole career has been marked by, like against your well, in the Massachusetts. He pulled it out. He was behind a whole time. He pulled it out the ass into the campaign. But his whole, in the same an Iowa, and they have primaries, where the, how they came from. Nobody thought he was going to win. And he buried the Howard Dean. So maybe he's going to do it again. Maybe he's, he just want to shoot his good stuff. See, can't say that. No, the good stuff. So right at the Ascent, the last four or five weeks, and then he's going to kick his ass into debates, and then he's going to like really, and then it's, but what are they waiting for? Did not tell you the Democratic Convention, that was the time to like really, uh, come out blasted. It all burles. But no. And I, we have to like win far away along. I mean, even during a year when Al Gore finally, a bunch of stuff, and started screaming in the L. And screaming in the L. Out there, the good thing of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Hussein. Oh, it's a struggle. Our book, our red. Yeah, that's somebody was talking about. Anyway, according to an ABC News, Washington Postful registered voters by 27 point margin, say, Bush has taken a clearer stand than carry on the issues. By 27 points called Bush, the stronger leader. And by 19 points, he would make the country safer. Well, once he could start getting around doing that, Bush also has a 22 point advantage in trust to handle terrorism, a 16 point lead on a rack and preface slidage even on a look or economy. And how the hell is that possible? These and other ratings have been the reverse or a road to carry his position after the Democratic Convention, carry out a six point lead is more honest. Now it's Bush up 13. Carry had a 13 point lead on vision for the future. And Bush nine points ahead. Carry had a 14 point lead on understanding people's problems now they're essentially tied Bush one point ahead. I mean, you talk about even between Charlie Francis and Ivan haven't blown this much. Moving these underlying views is enabled Bush to break out of the virtual dead heat. That's defined the context among likely voters in this ABC news, Washington Post survey. Bush has 52 percent. Carry 43 and the anxious Ralph Nader 2 percent. It's Bush's, firstly, beyond the margins of sampling error in any ABC post-pulcens. Carry sees his party's nomination in March. Among all registered voters, not just likely voters, the race is 50 for Bush, 44 percent for carry and 2 for the obnoxious disgusting egotistical pompous ass ass wife Ralph Nader. But it says the contest is far from over. This poll follows Bush's convention and we can which he helps center stage in public attention. And this convention bounces significant plus by points among registered voters as an enemic one on par with carries plus eight and below the average of point plus 14 in polls in 68 for income of presidents. One difference is that carry let's as a convention that he, among likely voters, while Bush leads his with the lead. But more important than the horse race at this stage are the attitudes that inform it. But that should say that format. 63 percent of Bush's supporters now say they're very enthusiastic about him. A new high for Bushness, important measure of motivation. Carry support after dropping an advanced of a public convention is flat at 39 percent very enthusiastic like, wow, is he great? Wow. Man, oh man, Fred, when level looks so good. And while 84 percent of Bush's supporters are affirmatively for him, that's true, just 41 percent of carry's supporters. Probably worse for carry, his favorable rating is got negative. Meaning that more registered voters now stress an unfavorable and a favorable opinion of him 42 to 36 percent. Carry's favorable rating, the most basic measure of public figures popular in drop by 15 points since his convention. See the storm troopers from Swift storm troopers veterans, that crap that he down carry worked like a charm had tried his same fact. Now we'll see if the van Barnes business on 60 minutes and of course now they're questioning the veracity of the documents. I mean, just make up a lot of crap as they go along. See CBS says they stand by the story. There's no one in question or we'd take their crap and throw it out. This is what they're saying. But we'll see if that has the same impact. And if they're able to use it, would the same effectiveness that the right way we must have Carl Rovede with the other crap? No. As if, of course, this whole thing is the referendum on Vietnam. Anybody out there, remember Vietnam? No, no, no, no. There's warnings and we did. Four. Four. So well, that's why we're trying to keep it. We're trying to keep it. Oh, right. She's way easier when we hear now. Looks like it's going to roll down. Now's from the money roll. More per voices, more details than I, full summarized not now. That's that. That's that. Yes, that's when she realized. She raised more criminal clouds. But for a full testimony, they'll deny. And she said, oh, do crap, please. And she realized for a fight that's happening to the trout ship. And she said, I'm grateful, I never said they want no more. But what's like he's coming in and all is all between us. I even have money, money down the night. She's asking me to stop. I've let she always try to keep that stuff. She's way more than she wants. But for a full testimony, that's when I see. We gave them to your voice and kept calling. That's not how it should be. We've got to push to the mission back. And smells like the sun, the sun, the big hat. The water of voice free, that voice coming from time on the day. And we might be found in time. Probably 10 at 5. 60. W2M. I've actually got guilty on some time, Mara. When you think about all the dolphin figure and coverage isn't that his counter reach. We could only hope. Although, I guess it is because the schedule tomorrow. Speaking of the dolphins. The schedule tomorrow's got like what we got the. Look at that. That thing has been changed again so many times. That's because all these games to get lost. Swish to round. Dolph and countdown to kick off. Nine o'clock in the morning and then the game, the tens of dolphins of water clock. Like I said before, the game will be on TV and Jim certainly wants you to know. That CBS will keep tomorrow's rescheduled Titan dolphin game and show it to the South Florida and Tennessee markets at 1pm. On Sunday was scheduled to go to 24% of the country, but not tomorrow. And who the hell outside of Florida and the country wants to see the dolphins anyway, right? It's going to be pretty bad. Well, maybe they'll surprise us. What do you think? Oh, surprise you. WFOR channel now. Wait to hear this. Channel 4 and WPEC channel 7 Palm Beach. Well, they're the US Open Men's semi-final's noon to Wondemarra. Go to the football game. Then return to the conclusion of the men's matches. WBFS channel 33 and channel 34 TVX will both carry the US Open noon to 6 with no adorption. Of course this could change Miss Sarny says, if water wall covered your hurricane Ivan is needed. In that case, channel 4 would carry the news coverage and channel 33. But pick up the dolphins game. If water wall covered, now how is that possible? Hmm? Huh? How could they be doing water wall coverage when the thing is still days away? That would really turn you into your frost a lot of people's ass if they pulled some kind of stuff like that. Not that they want to restore you understand or get people have revenge on their horse. Don't you think I'd already let an AM advisory again for people that might be a cruising in tune in in? I think you should. And as far as the, not the oral and city on CNN during one of the breaks I guess, maybe about 20 minutes ago, maybe it was more like, about 30 minutes. Showed the five models that they're looking at right now. Five different ones, right? There's probably a lot more than that. But she showed five of the models only one of them. And even that one curved up and the set of the eye of the hurricane went up, just west and over like over臭ly. Now that's still what you know, leave you guys some pretty heavy duty crap. But the other forward didn't look all that bad, right? See, I probably shouldn't say that. Because I don't want to say anything that's going to like influence people not to do because this one is really nasty. Here's a thing about what you might say or the weather people might say. Everybody's looking at the same map. All the people down here looking at the same map. So everyone has to make up their own mind what they want to do. Oh, yeah. What are you saying? What are you saying? What are you? Are everyone has to make up their own mind. Anybody else for doing something not doing anything, etc. Well, my advice is get ready. Yeah. Do your stuff today into Mara. Especially today. Because as it gets over the weekend, more and more branded crazy people are going to be running around out there. Doing all kinds of irrational things, buying up every bottle of water that they can find in every store, shopping of it all for themselves. Because people just tend to be that way very, very selfish, especially in Florida. No. Yeah. Anyway, here's the 11 A.M. Advisory on Hurricane Ivan. Hurricane warning remains an effect for Jamaica and the Cayman Islands. Hurricane watching a tropical storm morning remain an effect for the entire southwest peninsula of Haiti from the border of the Dominican Republic westward, including Port Offerance. At 11 o'clock this morning, the government of Cuba issued a hurricane watched for the entire island and tropical storm morning for the south coast of eastern Cuba from Kabul cruise to Santiago de Cuba. At 11 A.M., all warnings and watches have been discontinued for a library public at a Dominicanana. Interesting these saddest lights saying that so much. Interesting the central of western Caribbean Sea should close the amount of the progress of being to a hurricane Ivan. At 11 o'clock in the eye of Hurricane Ivan was located near Latitude 16.5. North, lunged to 75-plow on west or about 155 miles southeast of Kingston, Jamaica month. Ivan is moving toward the west north-west near Tramiles and hour of this more expected to bring a Corv. Ivan to near Jamaica tonight or early tomorrow. And in Chisean at last report that it may be even tomorrow afternoon because it's so down. Maximum, and of course that gives them more time, but they seem to be oblivious because they're all stone off their ass and are with the dealers. Maximum sustained winds in your own nearly 145 miles an hour with higher gusts. Stronger winds especially in gust are likely over elevated terrain. Some fluctuations in intensity likely to advance 24 hours. Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 60 miles from the center. And topical storm force winds extend outward up to 175 miles. Estimated minimum central pressure is 934 millivars. No change from the 8 a.m. Advising. So that's the other being intermediate advisory of two. And then the next big one, the full package, as they say, that big package will be a five p.m. which gives a newest advisory of the coordinates. And then they'll also give a new tracking map. I think that one's going to be well, maybe not that one. Maybe the one either had a love in a clock tonight or the one at five in the morning. That's him. I'll get up at five in the morning. Decide if I want to like panic or kill myself stuff like that. Which is it? I think the one on Sunday night ought to be real accurate. Yeah, right. That's what you know. Just sit around till Sunday night. No, take a peek at that thing. We do have links on there. We got the current. We are keep changing it. Thank you. Here's the best baby sometime. He's got the current tracking map on there from the hurricane center. And also links to the National Hurricane website and the Naval Research Lab website. I still didn't find. I went on there during a break and I don't have a lot of time to screw around with this. Because on the short with these new deal we got now. I feel like I have to like accelerate my pace here. I used to be motor mouth. Now I'm mighty motor mouth. I'm a bummer like that because you just, you know, you try to squeeze it all in there. So to speak. If you say it twice, you have to say it half as much. All the F's. That's true. If you're really slow way down, it's kind of like we're doing just a few minutes. If you're not ready. You're going to need to. New Greg Reid schedule that we've got. Although maybe next week. Finally, you'll keep asking that musical question. Will this place ever have one toe come down the ground and text the earth? I mean, we are just so you think their hurricanes have got stuff blowing around and scattering all over the place. Do I have any QM and our whole presentation of the public is just, I don't even know what word to you is just spastic. In fact, maybe that could be our motto. Spastic be us. I don't know what else to say. Other than we're embarrassed and humiliated. We'll still take the money. By the way, Clarence, if you're out there today, it's paid ash. Your hope that check is in my mailbox. Thirty nations pick Carrie, pointed pull. Here's a pull. It's like the Washington Post ABC News and several other pulls. Time news we could set her up. The rest of the world's who bad they can't vote. Don't you think? I think with the power of the US president has over the lives and the fate of the entire world. I think the entire world should be able to vote in that election. There you go. This is on if you don't let that vote count the votes because then we're making different. Anyway, the rest of the world is spoken. It's John Kerry and a landslide. How do you like that? A ride. A pull of 34,300 adults in 35 countries will be against yesterday. I think I want to say this right to the break. Is that I want to like air gloss over it? So because they actually have the stats for the various countries. So give me the pretty idea. Just like your Japanese exchange student that you got in your house. What was it she asked you about the bush? Oh, why he's so popular. Because the wood and the else can understand it. She probably heard him say Abu Ghara Ribb. Yeah, once. And instead like air questioning. What do you want to write? I want to write. I'm 26. You made him. And this is gift of very snappy to be back in the Bolonia scone. He'll buy an amally junkwashed. But mainly I'm on it to be sitting here alone. Side Allegened in sport holia. After an extended absence in boost by big wantum from the last hit of more eagerness. Well, longs, dear, they alike they add to my monolithical disinteri. And just want to end what's that my bold and avian friend? Who are you? That question my veneer knows, May Bob has been asked to me many times in public territory to track it in the back alley's life. What's that voice? That my class demise comes the ankle bracelet I must carry for life as punishment for my sins against the Indian mission. Don't let a body if it be contounded time keeps me on my toes. But when I think negative thoughts it sends deadly currents writing through my body. What's up, I got to it. You went away too long, cow. That a pretty burden for it, my his as I can't get my penny more. Take it easy, Bob. I'm only changing my bracelet battery. Now see here, you stink and I don't like you. Right there in fact, you don't want to run away. I'm trying to use all that I wasn't doing in me to get you fired. You're too long, stop it, if right now. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You've had to suffer a little bit as a male of kids. You've had to do it. You've had to do it. Always fried. 12.32 at 5.60. W.M. We got that double hit to come up Marlon undeced 145. Only a little over an hour away. Oh man, it's bad. No, almost done. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I've got to go stand in some line somewhere. Sure. I don't know. A lot of lines for me, I better I get you. I have a lot of stuff left over for my weekend. No, yes I do. I can't. Can't peaches. Oh, I hope you got a lot of good. You're making crap. That's where you said you're doing Mexican. Yeah, peaches. That's her. Here's a little bit of good news. I'm like, everybody, all depressed. Especially with hurricane coming in a little chuckle. A little bit of good news. I have spoke to a return new Bush administration rules on which workers qualify for overtime. Pay was hailed by Democrats trying to convince unassadent voters that they're the party. They're better protects workers rights. In a sharp review to President Bush to W. The House voted 223 to 190. Three years. That is top to the Labor Department from carrying out the new rules. House democratic leader Nancy Pelosi called the A Rare Victory for middle class Americans, especially with these wealthy fascists and powers. What I think she meant. President Bush's overtime regulations will affect six million workers with some losing 25% of their incomes. She will be saying. So my scorn boys, it finally boosted up a little bit of a half of some of you mainstream folks out there, as opposed to the president to right wing snubs. No, here's the fact that I think I think this guy's a good guy. I think this guy's got a stomach. It says, carries campaign is blowing it. The relying Carl wrote the dictate the issues in the following way. And the trap. If pictures are released of GW's tapping the prisoners himself at Abu Ghara, it wouldn't matter to Bush supporters. I travel mostly right wing circles. There are several reasons right wingers will blindly support Bush. Although they, although they wanted to admit it publicly, the support of Warren Iraq, based on these someone's got a paper 9.11 theory. We need to kick ass. Regardless, it's making the world hate us more. Of course tomorrow we should mention is 9.11, the fourth anniversary of St. Third. Then it says, it was a cross-ex�ed in middle America that wants more guns, more Jesus, and more tax cuts. More of your money. It's extremely frightening and the election is getting away from us as this fact says. Who's a little apple pluckic at this point? Don't buy a ghost knock up on apples for the hurricane, by the way. Could you not suppose to flush your toilet unless you absolutely have to? Here's that polling in nation worldwide. A pool of 34,000 fuzz adults in 35 countries, always yesterday confirmed the global on popularity of George W. Bush. We responded to the way three of the countries, they even did it, saying they would prefer to see him reelected to a second term November 2nd. In 30 countries, including Canada, Kerry was the runaway choice, and in two other countries the verdict was split according to a study for the program on international policy attitudes. Type-up at the University of Maryland is that PEPA. Globally one in five told the pollsters they preferred Bush to give him a second term by American voters who so far seem inclined to be just that because there are a lot of really stupid, stupid, stupid people out there. Canadians who were pulled chose Kerry over Bush 61 to 16% and 71% of Canadians said Bush foreign policy made them feel worse about their southern neighbor, 14% said it made them feel better. I'm going to read that paragraph again, which I like that. Canadians who were pulled chose Kerry over Bush 61 to 16% and 71% of Canadians said Bush foreign policy made them feel worse about their southern neighbor, 14% said it made them feel better. Anti-Bordfeeding ran high in Norway and Germany, both 74% in favor of Kerry, France, 64% for Kerry, and needle ons, Amsterdam 61% for Kerry in the Netherlands. The poll also questioned voters and 12 nations which have contributed troops to the war in Iraq and found Kerry the choice of respondents in 10 of those 12 countries. Those numbers showed a precarious situation for those governments who sent troops to Iraq's Stephen Caldirector of Peeper Piper, Peter Piper. Perhaps post-operated for Americans is the strength of the view that U.S. foreign policies on the wrong track, even in the countries contributing troops in Iraq's at Globescan directed Doug Miller. Only the Philippines, Nigeria and Poland, well, at figures, they've always got a backwards. Only those three countries back, Bush, while India and Thailand were split, about third of response, and said it would make no difference who won or hadn't had no opinion. Arab countries were not pulled. I can't imagine why? Can you? I'd be interested to see who would they would pick, since they got those T-shirts. They should have just pulled a Saudi world family, I think I know their answer. The findings brought to mind the Massachusetts senators claim earlier in the campaign that he had spoken to international leaders who wanted to hinder a place for a statement which hurt his campaign when he refused to name names. The Bush campaign, mock him in an internet ad where they reckoned him in the movie character Austin Powers and called him in the Democrats International Man of Mystery. The Poles released his carry try to get his campaign back on track, and on the Iraq question, telling your audience, since the United, that Bush made a catastrophic choice in going to war, and of course he is. And so, we'll wish to wrap your strength up a couple of notches now, John, okay? Quit doing a Fred Gwencing and crack it up a couple of notches, it's getting free damn close. 560560, pound-560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. See my fantasy, my best fantasy is that we have a little bit of panic there, and they move the Marlins and the Cupgay, or the Marlins and Montreal Games, are Monday and Tuesday to Chicago. For like double-header starting at about, oh no now, it says it's a good time. Well, a lot of clock would be good. 1230. 11th, right? And then after they've decided they're going to play there, the hurricane like Wander's Way off, beer's off into left and slips into that area there where the she was talking about. A little pressure, where did there's that? And of course there's a lot of dry air on that side, but that's not going to do us any good, right? Right, on the wrong side of the dryer, unlike Francis where the dryer was on the red long side of us. How many QAM hello? Hey, Neil. Yes sir. And I think you're doing a hell of a job on the hurricane, I've been over the radio. And all day ought to do is put you out in the street there when the hurricane actually is, and now, the front TV station, I think you can do a dynamite job. Yeah, that's just what I want to be, is out there in the street to get in the blown away all over the place, yeah. That's just got watched me to get hit by lightning or anything like that, but it's certainly a possibility in the front of his mind. 567.0560, pound 560 on a Verizon Wireless and singular wireless lines. Here we have a lot of stick a few calls in here, just so the orange feels like they're important in a part of the show even though they will. They're not much going on. Well that's because they're busy, we understand that, just like we're busy, you know, trying to get everybody prepared and whipped up not too highly or hysterically, but just, you know, a little bit. Get on the case, brought in by a couple of cases would be good. WQA and hello. Hello? Yes sir. Uh, with Neil. Speaking. Speaking. Yes. Now got, now got. Okay good. WQA and hello. You're a bitch. Okay, thank you. WQA and hello. Hello? Yes sir. You're the only guy like about shangies this first name. Yeah, I mean, yeah. Okay, great. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Okay. Do I am? Not job line? Yeah, Neil, this is a miscomal. Yeah. Okay. Reverend Jones. Oh, two bad, well, let me wonder if they're working. We'll have a direct hit in a minute. His, him and his boyfriend just a little, just a little lightning strike would be good. Even look, Christie'd be smiling on that. See, maybe there's a reason that these people are called. Maybe only the defective, these are the only ones who are like, like, over while everybody else, the sensible people are after doing things, getting prepared, getting their lives back in order to try to, you know, do something. Constructive with their lives as opposed to these losers, these slime balls, these asswipes of us society. Which of course is the heart and soul of this show? You're listening to Neil Rogers. Okay. Let's go. We'll be back on 566-16. QA and... Find the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. He did more things with his mouth than Courtney love could have a dream of doing. He was body with parents. Also, where... Being happy. No, no, not that song. I have the interview. That guy? According to information posted by DH1 on their website. By being a fair and creates music by, quote, Beating noises out of his entire body while omitting a constant accompaniment of guttle noises, clicks, and popping sounds. Unfortunately, this also describes a huge percentage of crazy people who like McFerran live in New York City. Excuse me. I'm from inside of the car. Are you Bobby McFerran? Uh-huh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. That's just never my car. Excuse me sir. Are you Bobby McFerran? No, we're... Me happy. Wait, I think it's Bobby McFerran. No, we're... We're happy. We can't control somebody's bullshit and alien. And try and carry his damn cheese brain as it is past. Oh man, we were so close. Don't worry. Be happy. Unable to locate Bobby McFerran. We were forced to contemplate his rather annoying little song. It's a crock of you know what. Jack Forest is a annoying resident who, at the peak of the song's popularity in 1988, fell into a freshing machine. People would come up to me in my wheelchair. My heads in a brace. I'm in a full body cast. I haven't yet regained the power of speech. And they're singing that freaking horrible song to me. Don't worry. Be happy. I believe you Bobby McFerran. I said, bleak, because I figured he wouldn't let me say f***ing. Am I right? I think we're fair. That music is not as it goes. It's a big juicy, softened with local children's. Tonight, on inside the vineyard. Prop 46-14-15-60. We got 400 votes on a poll at any two men, right? Considering how long we've been out of about five minutes. About 30 men. 400 votes, regardless of your choice. Right now, if the election was being held today. Who do you think would win? Bush 182, carry 153. Don't know. 46. Don't give a Schmidt only 17. Out of 400 votes. This should be a good lesson to some of you out there, although, of course, you know, we've passed the information along, but we're dealing with really kind of people. Sometimes it helps and sometimes it don't. Especially some of the people we heard from in the last segment, right? And, in their case, we hope that it don't. A 30-year-old man. But third man. And his girlfriend was critically injured from an apparent carbon dioxide poisoning from a portable generator police said. David Paladino, of keen terrorist Florida, and his 20-year-old girlfriend, it wasn't identified where found Wednesday in the office of his Uncle's construction company, a boxer-mix dog also died. A generator was founded the next room switched on, and with an empty gas tank, it was connected to a window air conditioning unit. The death has been attributed to hurricane Francis, which knocked out powered with his home raising the death toll from the storm of release of the team. There was obvious sign of carbon dioxide poisoning said the vast employees had taken down a cost of telemetry in his Uncle's Joseph Paladino, and a co-worker discovered a couple. He didn't know his nephew was inside, although David Paladino had permission to use the facility. After hurricane Charlie, three people died more than 100 were treated for carbon dioxide poisoning because the improper generator used. Generators need to be placed in a completely ventilated area. Got that? Yeah, or outside the house? Right. Carbon dioxide is a colorless odorless gas, which is the number one cause of poisoning in the US each year. Now, when you say outside the house, I asked you this question yesterday when you get ready to run around shopping for generators, which you didn't buy either a dime, but how do you put it outside the house, like on the back porch? Right. But even on the back porch, if you have a bad storm, it's still there's going to be rain coming inside. Right, you're not running it during this storm. You ought not to be. Well, then how would that be of any help, for example, like with the Francis, which slowed down and like never seemed to be ever going anywhere? What we use with it had been. I had no power for three days. Some people still don't. You see, it's not storming now. Right. You use generators for it. And what about the people that want to watch TV and watch and go online on a computer and you can say the dating game or whatever? I want to watch all those things too, but you shouldn't be doing it during the storm unless you've got a special generator shed. Generator shed. There's an idea. I do have a shed. I could use a ad. But how do you ventilate a generator shed? The bottom line is you're not using it while you're storming. Okay. And do not use it inside. It's like the people are bringing their barbecue and they grill up the storm and they're, huh? They're saying that a new dog barbecue inside, like definitely if you want to enjoy the last supper, that's really going to idea how to prepare it. Bring that barbecue indoors and get that charcoal going and just inhale all the infumes. And but I think you'll be going to know time. I don't know what you're about. Wording people about that, but apparently according to the fire Marshall guy, every hurricane season several fires are started by people barbequewing indoors. Well, that sounds like those pounds that blown off all the fireworks during a fourth of July and every other time. Like a highly insweet water and in my hood. Yeah. In fact, during the hurricane we had tons, uh, I guess they were bored. They were trapped inside us. They were like popping off fireworks. Got to do something. Sure. Miami? Have you heard? Said hi to it. Miami State Commission Chairman Arthur T. O. Jr. told undercover detectives who were following his wife that they better be prepared to start shooting. If they ever fathered again according to an audio tape of the August 24 incident, what accredited to our community, good old art T. O. Jr. Revelation is Joe Marsh Jr. The tape is emerged as an important piece of evidence and an assault case filed against T. last month after he allegedly threatened Dave police to take the mark board. According to an affidavit, T. O. was under surveillance at the time as part of a corruption investigation. Bullard and another officer both in unmarked cars followed T. O. and his wife after they left the waterfront on the condo and separate cars. After stopping another apartment is district he was rifle in separate directions. T. O. who's attorney state he thought his wife was being stalked. Chase normally officers until he was pulled over by the police after being pulled over he called Miami police on a cell phone. Because he never hung up his confrontation with county police was recorded by Miami police dispatchers. The state attorneys orifice released a tape as public record at the other day. According to the recording after T. O. Jr. was carrying angrily and after the officers identified themselves as police, T. O. told them, Let me tell you something I am armed. The next time anybody follows my wife they may better be prepared to start shooting. T. O. T. O. T. O. He also attorney David Garvin has denied the allegations he said Wednesday that the tape does not clearly record T. O. Stain that he's armed and the tape is incomplete and garbled. Yeah. They're putting the plague on the news every five minutes. I know that in the end you just like that video tape in the Russia that school. And why are they playing it because they got it because they want to exploit it? I know that in the end you'll see the commissioner T. O. is not on anything wrong Garvin said. And what happened here any concerns citizen for the welfare of his wife would have done the same thing. According to the recording me police officers thought they'd been threatened but T. O. The detective, Mr. T. O. Listen to me don't make threats like that. T. O. I'm not making a threat. I'm simply saying that the next time the officer or whoever follows my wife and doesn't show me a badge, I don't know if he's a cop or not. At the end of the tape T. O. Warnes the McGinn, next time I see someone following my wife I will park and I will come out shooting. Well I think it's kind of ambiguous. No, too. Yeah. I think you got a clear to find the board in that. Next time I see someone following my wife I will park and I will come out shooting. You're probably in movies. He didn't take shooting what? Yeah, shooting blanks. Shooting blanks. Shooting his mouth out. 1252 at 56. You're W. Come. I don't think my mom I take another car or two between now and 145. We got another one of these bullshit up shows but it's good cause man. Marlins and the clubs. These are the two biggest games of the year today. I'm no one in the right mind with this. What would they judge? These are the two. In fact, this is the biggest series of the season so far and from here on in air regame is like life and death. Before you go in. Yes. Yeah. I see a series of the same facts that people think is funny. This one from Unipassure Supply says check this out. It's a little funny. It's a multi-page facts that is not funny. It's about the hurricane and it's not funny. But they keep sending it. Oh yeah. There's so much really funny stuff about the hurricane. See, that's one thing about Jackass. It makes no difference what else going on around them. Whether it's W-W-3, whether it's the end of the world. Whatever I think. When you're dealing with a Jackass in fact there's a really great the same that the Chinese have. You know what it is? A Jackass is a Jackass. I see. Yeah. See for what? Or we could like switch that around a little bit. Once a Jackass always a Jackass. What is it? If it was funny, they would justify the fact that so many people are wasting ten pages at a time by sending it. But it's not. How much of the 300 is going to be pretty pissed off about that? How many trees do we have to chop down to make that paper that they're fact- I'm turning the ass into a Staxus. Oh, speaking of that. Like I told you, I've been getting the last monthly to hear a spate of add faxes. Yeah. See, it's not bad enough that they do it on their phone, which I haven't had almost none of that here in Toronto. But no, the deal here that was on your fax machine. And they put all the numbers near computer and they automatically keep just pouring out just Reams of crap about buying office supplies and are you moving and your hemorrhage poppin or the other crap. And if you don't want these faxes anymore, there's a number to call. And you get an automated recording. And then you've got to get like about ten different numbers that I had to call. And then the automated things are okay. Thank you. And within seven days, these faxes will stop. Within a week. Within a week. I'm sure that just puts your number on another listing that gets you more faxes. Yeah, and then of course that's got another number for you to call. So, oh, cut the crap. I ought to take line nine though, because they might have something we worthwhile. I'm just thinking. Yeah. Sure. W-w-w-n-hell. Yeah, I don't want to go. Okay. That's him. W-w-n-hell. W-w-n-hell. That's him. W-w-n-hell. My name. Hey, now, how are you? Pretty good. How are you? Man, you've got to search it. This is not me. Flaming. Yeah? Flaming. Oh, steamer. Those stocks are from the monoceros. That's 12 o'clock in the morning. My phone rings. And you know, in the phone rings, that's 12 o'clock in the morning. You think it's a death call, right? Mm-hmm. Somebody died. Right. It's the freaking fax machine going off. And it's some hour-times may have found some 1-800 number. And let me tell you some, I just pull my hair. I don't have any hair left. And you know what? It's just like there was things up. Once they figured out how to get around the system to do some other form of habitat, and they start doing that. They just won't stop. And this business is been fading and assaulting you in your home with a bunch of unsolicited ads and crap. This has got to be illegal. I mean, what is this crap going to stop? Well, if you look on the bottom of the fact, it says, you know, call this number if you want to take it off the list. Right. I think it's just a send your number to another list. Right. I got stock reports. I got kind of big cleaning. I got building an additional, I mean, you name it. I did it at my house and it's like, what's your name gets on the list? That's what you've done. Yeah. But what do you go through? You can't turn your phones off, you know? And then you turn your thoughts machine off. It stores the faxes. And then all of a sudden when you turn it on, it's such real. Real estate. You waste half our rema paper. We time you turn it into the emptying on. Oh, it's pretty ridiculous. All right. I said, how shall we out? We ought to find out who these vases are that are behind all this. It's the, this is the shoot-em-all. I want to see them. And welcome back to Sunday South Florida. Good luck, your pal. I'm fine. See you. Welcome back to Sunday South Florida. While I look out the window is sunny. It's beautiful, you know? Yeah. Anyway, here's that mapping. And look on the O'Rggers.com. And you'll see. I are doing a spectacular job. And then the fibercloth there'll be. And then when come out on positive, they'll be changing it. And between right and right, I'm going up a lot of food to store for the next week. And I hate to break the news here. But it looks like you're, well, you're toast. Huh? So, I'm just telling you. I mean, then all the pens that which one of these comes through, these four, okay? They got, it doesn't mean you look like a colony more in ice cream. Con was more like a, like a light bulb. Maybe he'll only be lightly toasted. That might be. But it looks like a light bulb. And it can be going where way to the west, like I said, South of Mississippi, Alabama, or way off to the east of the Bahamas is if they needed to gain. And, but if it takes to track that it's on right now, and it hits on shore in Tampa, yeah, and he'd be right on the eastern side there in Orlando, for Eric. So, how are you, Eric? I'd like, uh, head for the hills. Josh can probably take care of all the stuff on our website anyway, over the weekend, right? Like I said. So, this thing's a meal, right here. I'll show you the classic, the five subjects. You ain't in. It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. But there's max headroom, maybe. And really, like there's, they've raised the tail, level high. And now I'm going to the dive. I'm worried. That'd have been. Florida, people are preparing for the potential hit from this hurricane, because of the uncertain nature. Of course, the folks up in Tampa went through the preparation process for Hurricane Charlie. Less than a month ago. Now they're preparing one more time for the possibility of a strike from a hurricane. So everybody in Florida from the East Coast to the West Coast, keeping a very close eye on the potential for Hurricane Ivan to make landfall somewhere in Florida, possibly, in the next two, next three days or so. Fred Rica? These days, how came I had the chance? And I think I just feed my friends. I'm worried. And that happened. I'm worried. Not happening now. I'm dying out there. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I'm worried. I like the doors and the doors and the dreams. I'm going to run through the woods of the same time we're ready. And that happened. If they change us from orange to red, how going high down the mountain, I'm worried. Oh my, my, my, my, my, my. I'm not happy. Look at me. I'm not happy. Woo! What are folks up here? Talking about that on the yesterdays. The moment we really and we a whole lot on the storm, making a track through Jamaica, I'm in on the Cuba. And then after that, they really start to play out. And there's all kinds of opinions. 15 different models have 15 different opinions of where the storm is going to go. I'll show you that in a second. But first of all, let me show you this. Here's where Ivan is right now. 155 miles south east of Kingston moving to the west north west. It's 12 miles an hour. This speed has been slowing since yesterday. Not that much. It was up to 15 miles an hour yesterday. Now it's slow just a bit. And that's also in the forecast. 145 mile an hour wins. That's category four. Certainly there's some category five. I've got in this as well. Hurricane warnings obviously in effect now for Jamaica for the Cayman Islands. Hurricane watch is an effect for both coast of Cuba and continuing south or through Haiti. You've got hurricane positions there that could be expected within 36 hours. Here's the track now that we're looking at. Boy, it's really coming down a lot. Look where it is. 2 a.m. Monday or 8 a.m. Monday. Rather right across the northern coast of Cuba. The southern straits of Florida. That is about a 24 hour slow-up from what we've seen. Previously there is some good news here. As the storm moves across Cuba. It's expected to interact with land probably slowing its wind speed down a bit. So we're looking at category four through Jamaica and the Cayman Islands. And then down to category three as it moves into the streets of Florida. Say to look at some of the players though in the potential track forecast. First of all, this is the driver. Remutative high pressure system sitting out over the Atlantic. Pushing the storm to the west. Sitting in the passenger side though is this. The front that's coming across the eastern United States. Those will generally create a little bit of a weakness. And sometimes the storms will go right up into that weakness. Now the question is since the storm has slowed so much. Is this trough going to be in this position later on in the forecast? And take a look at some of the model output. Everywhere from the Florida Panhandle out to Lake Opechobi and the Bahamas. So there's a big spread after the impact with Cuba. Anybody across the southeast of the coast of the United States needs to be prepared that this storm can hit in their direction. Kind of probably should change the name to her kids through an if there's a big spread. Formant is to have to one five six seven five six the pound five six the only Verizon and Singover wireless line at polio for 52 votes pretty good response on air considering most of you ought to be doing something important right now. That's right like panicking. See that's a good thing. You notice how she doesn't get hysterical and panicky or when selling on CNN. Very matter of fact, he gives it the info she lays it out. She tells you ought to like pay attention. She doesn't know it's to try to move it around with her hand and bring it back alive and shift it over here. And the Miss Kamala and Mr. North Cross they need to be rounded up and put in a room closet to offer the smoke clear. Is the watcher? Yeah. She could call it. It just a face of the way the numbers have fallen. I'm looking forward. She has giant hands. What does that mean? How that she doesn't have a magic finger like a Miss Kamala. Yeah, Miss Kamala, that magic finger is you're good. A lot of work this time of year. That's what Brian Andrew said. I think that's why he left Jamal 7. Oh, here's something that's kind of interesting. I like this. Thank you whoever said this. Thank you. Thank you. For all of you people. Because I guarantee that the collar and you and me were not the only ones to get all the unsolicited taxes. How many million of those things do you think it said every day? Not turned man. Increasingly says the Florida State Attorney General's office. Well, that would be Charlie Christ. Ever see him and Richard Simmons together? Nope. Same person. Increasingly, fact similarly transmissions or facts transmissions are being used as another meeting to advertise various goods and services and crap. But time spent in use of your facts line and the paper used to put incoming materials cost you money, neutral the nettle, and the ink multi-solid. If you've requested advertising materials to be sent to your facts number, you can expect that your facts machine and paper be used to receive the materials. However, unsolicited advertising materials are sent to you via your facts machine. You may not wish that your money be spent to receive the materials. It just makes me think about it. If an unsolicited ad is passed to you within the state of Florida, consider the following. No the law. Florida statute 365 01657 provides. It is unlawful for any person to use a machine that electronically transmits with the tax-to-factories of documents through connection with the telephone network to transmit within this state on solicits and admittance for the sale of any real property goods or services. Florida statute, Yadi, out of further provides that the attorney general may have filed suit to stop the person from taxing persons' ads without their permission and to oppose monetary penalties for violations of the statute. A sirp your rights if you think someone has sent you an un- solicit and facts ad, sometimes a telephone call is all it takes to correct a problem, make sure you keep a record of the date the person contacted and subject matter each telephone contact you have with the company. If that doesn't work you may wish to contact the attorney general if the office of the attorney general, economic crimes division, 1-10, Southeast 6th Street and 4-Lauderdale, 33-0-1-5-thousand. I probably should give that again tonight, you should. The attorney general's office, economic crimes division, 1-10, Southeast 6th Street and 4-Lauderdale, 33-0-1-5-thousand. Other say that it put in my pile and I'll read it a few more times every now and then from time to time. If she's still on there with this Ivan thing. Biden will now be fattened down on the northern coast and the resort there and some of the zombie wetlands. Look how makeable. I'll call Penhal there and kiss in Jamaica. We'll can you check out with you. Yeah, you're not going to get the big blow in Jamaica. Make no mistake about that. Anybody that's in denial that they're getting at the... Yeah, God! That's to be out of their minds, out of their grudges and not paying attention. The dishonesty thing, white son, I don't think I have time to do this to a hairdo. I don't want to start doing a whole bunch of bed time stories about it. Well, anyway. Because like I said, the quality of the calls and which is never great to begin with, but it's to generate the such a degree because most of you, I do understand have a life in your busy, at this point, you're starting to do the things that I've been telling you to do. Get smart. Okay? Not like the president. Paul Kirkland writes the dishonesty thing. It's the dishonesty stupid. The real issue in the National Guard's story isn't watch towards W. Bush did three decades ago. It's the recent pattern of lies. His assertions that he fulfilled his obligations when he obviously didn't. The White House's repeated claims that it really solved the dark... or relevant documents went ahead. It's the same pattern of dishonesty this time involving personal matters that the public can easily understand that some of us have long seen on policy who's from global warming to the war in Iraq. On budget matters, which is where I came in, serious analysts not take the administration dishonesty for granted. It isn't always that way three years ago, those of us who accused administration of cooking the budget books, were ourselves accused by moderists as well as by Bush loyalists of being shrill. These days, the coalition of the shrill has widened to a glut almost every independent budget expert. For example, back in February, the Center on Budget and Policy Parody is accused of a Bush administration of a defect playing three card money with budget forecasts. They put it out to the administration's deficit for a case with scarab of those of independent analysts and suggested that this exaggeration would deliver it. Overstating the 2004 deficit to Center wrote could allow the President to announce significant progress on the deficit lay October shortly before the election day when the Treasury Department announces the final figures. Was this a wild accusation from a liberal think-tech? No-it's conventional wisdom among experts. Two months ago, Stanley Colomder, a respected nonpartisan analyst, warned, at some point over the next few weeks the Office of OMV were released administration's mid-session budget review and try to convince everyone that the federal deficit is falling do not believe them. He went on to echo the Center's analysis, the administration's standard procedure he said is to initially issue an unrealistically high deficit forecast, which is politically motivated or just plain bad. Now when the actual number comes in below the forecast, officials declare that the deficit is falling even though it's higher than the previous year's deficit. Goldman Sachs has the same. Last month, one of its analysts wrote that the OMV has perfected the art of underpromising an overperforming in terms of its near budget deficit forecast, this creates the impression that the deficit is narrowing when it fact it'll be up sharply. In other words, many reputable analysts think that the Bush administration routinely fakes even short-term budget forecasts for the purposes of political spin and the fake rearing its long-term forecasts is even much worse. The administration plans to have a plan to cut the deficit in half over the next five years, but even Bruce Bartlett, a longtime tax cut advocate, points out, that projection showing deficits falling assume that Bush's tax cuts are cuts expire on schedule. The Mr. Bush wants those tax cuts made permanent. That is the administration has a plan to reduce the deficit that the depends on Congress is not passing its own legislation. Sounding definitely should be realistic Bartlett says that anyone who thinks would never come our fiscal mess without higher taxes is in denial. Far from backing down on his tax cuts, however, Mr. Bush is proposing to push the budget much deeper into the red with privatization programs to support to offer something for nothing. As new as weeks Alan Sloan writes, the person didn't exactly burden us with details about paying for all of this, it's great marketing, show your audience the goodies but not the price tag. It's like going to the supermarket picking out your stuff taking it home without stopping in the checkout line to pay. The bill, that'll come later. Long time readers, remember that that's exactly what I said, truly about Mr. Bush's proposal during the 2000 campaign, Cragman writes, once again he's running on a claim that two minus one equals four. So what's the real plan? Some not usually show people think that Mr. Bush will simply refuse to face reality until it comes crashing in, Paul Volker, the former Fed Reserve Chairman says there's a 75% chance of a financial crisis in next five years. Nobody knows what Mr. Bush would really do about taxing and spending in a second term. What we do know is that on this as many other matters he won't tell the truth. That's right, I'm sure you can bet Greg's life on it, you know? Correct, let's do it. How about 50 cents? 12 minutes after one at five, 60 WCWM right now Armstrong Ford home said wants to clear their loss and sell off all remaining O4s and here just some of the great deals waiting for you right as I speak. In O4, F150 pick up just $1 over invoice. New O4 is $4 is just $1 over invoice. Rangers, context, toruses and focuses all waiting for you. It's just one peso, one dollar over invoice only at Armstrong Ford home state. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more value to whistle at customers to when you buy a Ford from these folks. You'll get the exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is correct. tires and batteries for life. And the value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't just stop there either because right now the give you a free Florida Sunpass with any vehicle you buy there. If you're pressed for time Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable, especially with all the crap that's going on right now. So give a call 305 24751 12 that's 24751 12 and sharp right over the phone. It'll even deliver that new vehicle right to you wherever you hang it out. Armstrong Ford home state locally owned and operated. They treat you just like family and I guarantee you will get a better deal anywhere on a Ford in town. No bait and switch to no phony deals. Armstrong Ford home state you'll find them at 307 25, South 6. Highway, this 20 minutes south of the 36. Check them on the way at barramestroncarrs.com. Grab a little and save a ton on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford home state. Your things are new, Rogers. Corrosor on the five subculture to eight out. Here. Bye bye, Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. Belly. You are the sons of your country. Chim 방. Belly. The operation came out of 1918 at 5.60 a.m. and the probably a few hockey fans out there who are wondering what you're up there to show first we see and we start doing more the a new paper, if you're a point out, offered by players, a step backwards the owner stays. So if you think there's going to be an NHL season, if you're getting ready to send off your might of the Panthers or they make believes in the monthly Ukrainians or the Boston Bruins with the Detroit Regrets and these Zafoni Belonies, forget about it. NHL Commission, Gary Beppen, shot down the Union's latest proposal for a new collector bargaining agreement with no more talks scheduled, or less than a week left in the existing contract, and owner lockout hauling, or all part of the season appears to be certainly. Okay? Not likely, but a certainty. Bill Daily, the NHL's vice president, chiefly officer, said the NHL pairs association proposal, which is very similar to a union proposal made in rejected 11 months ago, represented a step backwards in the process. I'd like that. Batman struck down the Union saying ending the four-hour meeting with one sentence, we're not even talking the same language. This was a prerecised way to move not to make a meaningful proposal daily, said we need to find a solution to our problems and write out the Union is not where we talk to us about that. At this point, I can't say that we have any further plans to try to be creative again. In other words, it's just a dog and pony trip. It's all it is. When in Dr. Gennlite lockout, so screw the fans once again, all those people keep putting their hardware, earn money in the mail and shipping it off to these multi-millionaire owners so they can lock out. It's just like how the Greg Reitz syndrome too, they want to be like big shots. Thomas, for its mobile, I'm a maven. I'm not a big deal. By the way, how about those Patriots? Anyway, explosion topples Connecticut Church. We may have a little bit of a clue. Remember this morning, we saw those pictures right? We were closely. And we're all clueless, speaking of Greg Reitz, Cole Chester Connecticut. Are they ever going to take that extra see out of Connecticut? Don't you think two sees are enough? I think because they're on the one. What's in the way while they start putting the worst out of the scenario, you're spelling the thing that we don't, why don't we just take out letters and words that aren't pronounced anywhere? Cole already, you can't spell anything. Why can't we start doing that? Connect to hit my ass. To what? Generator. A powerful blast level that decades old Ukrainian church early Friday, shaking nearby buildings and tossing debris, hundreds of feet, no injuries were reported. The cause of the 7 AM explosion at St. Mary's Ukrainian Catholic Church. Oh my God. There's not a media review. The Rick Building did, however, have an indoor propane tank for cooking. The 8 police sergeant Jay Paul Vance said in the relation to harness driver Dave Vance. The area was cordoned off in the nearby or a Vivian Vance. The area was cordoned off in the nearby highway with shut down Vance said. The pastor and his family were safely evacuated from the adjacent home, said the Reverend Michael Dubovicy of the Ukrainian Catholic Epertory. What is that? EPARCHY. What is that? Oh, Ukrainian? The Ukrainian Catholic Epertory of Stamford, the see the church's diocese. That's their seat. The church built in 55, so there's 55 families. How ironic. It's a good thing it wasn't built in 03. Business would be pretty slow. Members have been preparing for a Ukrainian festival in Stamford this weekend. Cochester was founded by 4,500 of our front and mouth selfies of Hartford, a horrible, horrible, new haven. I don't know about Hartford. I've never been there. I'm not sure if I can. New Haven flows. I guess the only reason people want to be in Connecticut is because they want to be in New York, but they don't want to actually be in New York. They want to be close. I have to enjoy it, but not close enough to suffer from it. Get my drift. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon Wireless and singular wireless lines. My jam a few calls in there because we got 20 minutes. Don't forget, 145, it's at Marlon's pre-game, showing and we got the double hitter. Marlon's at the Cubs at really 220 to Safnown, huge humongous earthshaking games. WQA, not there. QA and hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. You're a bread baby. You look pretty good last night. WQA and hello. Talks for some other show. QA and. Not there. Okay, that takes your your calls. What did I tell you before? Oh, yes. And I've got looking to mirror blame myself because I was the one that said, hey, go start taking care of business right now and get out there and do your things. Now, I'll start now. 2, 8, 23 past 1 plus we gotta get this fast. you will listen to new Rodgers exclusively on fire CDT Association.omen Only a heart of fear But now we really know his heart is old No matter what we're told Yet it changed out of heart that's old I'm tired of it, hope it don't explode He makes decisions, he has the vision He has the country under his control While he's just a game, it saves your body And that's what happens when your heart is old And it's full of hope Yet it changed out of heart that's old I've who got it, and it's gonna blow You'll keep on working till it's hard, it's cold Don't forget if you don't vote for a boy You'll keep free, you'll get a guy, and a heart, and a no But I think it's pretty out of you You'll always have to talk to my fellow I guess what it's easy, though He's been eating too many cheese babies, right? 520, well that sounds pretty good Cheeseburgers? A real cheeseburger, I'm not talking about McDonald's Or Burger King or crap like that Although Burger King is out of his great famous Anisburgers now I have one for Mowies And? Not bad Well what do you mean from Howeys? That's a bacon cheeseburger for Mowies But what does that have to do with Burger King? This one is for the other way to say Howeys for a pizza today Well thanks to Howeys, thank you guys so much Howeys, where are they located again? See you've been really slack, and in fact that whole station I don't have anybody who is saying Thanks Howeys What's them hard, what are them? Yeah There are 23, I'm sorry, 24, 33 That's what the, what's his name said to us, Greyhands Roy 9.549897070 Yeah, they're on where? 2430 South State Road 7 And they are great, if you can find better bacon Anywhere in the world than they got then, eat it immediately Because it's just so good, it's disgusting Fantastic And all are stuff is great, including the bacon cheeseburger The Josh, Josh just chopped down as he learns the art And a lot of free food working in this business Especially when you get to pay the big bucks he's making 521 votes If the election were right now, regardless of who you prefer For whom you'd vote, who do you think start a win? Voice 240 Carry 195, fairly close But again keep in mind that these are mostly carry people Sandhead, we're not too optimistic, damn it Why is he such a, don't know 67 And don't give us 22, we got bigger fish to fry It's just, well let me just, what I would like to do Is just because the Sun Sentinel just released the latest in the greatest here Kind of like a recap Powerful hurricane, I've been packing 145 dollar wins Remains on a course that would impure all the Gulf coast of Florida And it could even strike, now did I say this yesterday and again They put the gourd up Yeah, same place devoured by Hurricane Charlie last month What do I do over there? What did those mug 1 soared Is your wallet there? You just said it, mug 1s No Carbized the storm still was about 4 days away from a potential landfall in Florida Expect the forecast track to keep changing and continuing preparing as though southeast Florida Could be a target visually as Monday for us for forecast to say And I agree with that However the latest projections are a touch brighter for the gold coast The future track puts Ivan in the Gulf of Mexico west of Fort Myers on Monday From that position it probably would be a blusterry day on Monday and likely on Tuesday in South Florida But the region likely would escape their hurricane conditions Ivan's hurricane force wins greater than 74 miles an hour Greater than 74 miles an hour Extend 60 miles from its core What does that mean? Greater than I see that makes it a hurricane Well, like I said the Sun Sentinel blows, can K rotus, a can you an idiot? The region still might feel wins of 40 to 60 miles an hour We soak by heavy rains because the storm tropical force wins the list and 175 miles from its core And as we all know Ivan the terrible is rotten to the core However Ivan was also expected to weaken his that approaches mainland Florida Possibly down to 115 miles an hour Which would make it a week category 3 It would still be a major hurricane But not nearly as the struck in as it's current category 4 And of course yesterday at one point it was a 5 It was even stronger at one point than Andrew Which I'm sure you're aware The storm is based subjected to increasing wind shear as it moves north west It could also be disrupted after goes over mountains in Jamaica and Cuba Said meteorologist Walter Barnes with an actual hurricane center in Dave When it goes over land in mountains last more entangues day Cuba It stops increasing in strength he said And then it's got the argument again A lot of it clock this morning Ivan was 155 miles southeast of Kingston Jamaica About 650 miles southeast of Miami 650 miles southeast of Miami Oh my god It was moving west north west at 12 miles an hour About 5 miles an hour Storylands and Bristol pace over the past year 4 days Maybe I haven't used a good brist The storm is expected to be over Jamaica by the 90th of the Cayman's on Saturday Over west Cuba near Havana by Sunday night Hurricane marchers and warnings have been posted for all the Caribbean islands in its path It could be near or even overkey west about midday on Monday And as a Friday all keys residents first as you know where to do evacuate They were pouring out of there like crazy I've been with forecast to move west of Naples or do west of Fort Laterdale Either on Monday or early Tuesday See about when I what does that mean do west by me? It could be like off the coast of Texas and be do west of Fort Laterdale right? Yeah From there it's next up and then again this is all conjecture because we just we don't know I mean why they just don't keep saying that over and over again So they don't get people all whipped up We can't tell you they can't tell you I can't tell you George can't tell you Josh can't tell you duck can't tell you If Clarice can't tell you nobody can tell you and Hank can't tell you because Yeah, yeah, I know from that I was there with Fran Fran Fran for you, Amber Because South Florida could start feeling wins and rain is early as Sunday night The hurricane marchers and warnings can be posted for the southern tip of the state by the Stadry or with the storm rains for an effilate tropical storm marchers and warnings might be issued If either were to aim directly it's a photo would likely approach from the south That would reduce the storm surge threat but it's still like it would be an evacuation in the barrier I don't see I don't like that said Pukta Gord already is reading from Hurricane Charlie hitting his a category for August 13 It could be really ugly if Ivan goes in that same area where Charlie went in said this guy this goofball that they're putting So did not just get through saying and what that point out is not that I have I have an expertise It's just that you know when you got two eyes and two ears I think I got to do his go online There we got the tracking map on our website You got a link to the National Hurricane Center and the Naval Research Lab and they got their own websites with all kinds And the best thing is to look at the infrared loop We have the National Hurricane Center and you press satellite images and then you go to the Atlantic infrared loop man that thing Oh That's the thing to sit there staring in just watch that evil eye that evil nasty brown eye The house is turned short. We'll Rogers mornings and we did And also well not so To fight If I have the child You're fair I have five six Oh W I'm dying of the hand I'm so sorry I'm so sorry There is The shooting set of stars Fighting talking, talking, talking, just a It's getting way too hot We've had a bunch of fun and snacks We're down in progress, no one's there There's too much of those hidden dreams We've brought someone up that's gave What are we gonna like? Rockin' for you, just rockin' for you, just like we Gonna like it Rockin' for you, just rockin' for you, just like all the other Frithity Don't want you to get that down Get a ceasefire along the way What's up in senses, no world round So boys, seven up on this boy That's a good job, that's a good job That's a good day to the job of shooting up our guns Since they've made all the noise Like a bar top failed and my real action's made But we've had a life in Rockin' for you, just rockin' for you Rockin' for you, just rockin' for you Rockin' for you, just rockin' for you Is that what we told us that we're all about We wanna make here rock solid Huh? What? And listen, Josh, I told you, it's gonna be part It's just the new part same night That's a good day That's alright I don't see anything but we always The reason they wanna do that is to whether we run a session Because they're already in Chicago We're gonna need to play the covers of the series And it's all weather would be good Because they just don't have any time to post-blown any more games We can't afford to lose any more face-blown And what would you rather that play in a girl's team on a new profile? Maybe more people would be out there Because the one in my field, okay, I can post like in a middle of our hurricane But then what I wanted Okay, stay still together Marla's drive back coming up to a suit The end is a good week, the old one's been coming to the two point And then I don't forget the games FSU games On the hour on a six This is like a bonus because they got a great signal And you can actually hear it The offense game at one tomorrow was 25-50 hours a pregame And how about those Patriots? I know Go go go go Yeah, you can't hear By the aiming Are you sure? I'm gonna do it Do you have the jack-puff? Okay Excellent, correct? Okay Okay Stay in the field and watch it You're going to do it I'll give it a pop Stay out of the way I'll do it Okay Stay out of the way I'll do it Stay out of the way Oh I'm not a single day It's 425-602AF