I'd like to invite you to the first episode of the Special Session of the Session for the survey television show. The only thing that's truly going to be just the show. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to be a different world. The show is going to get a different world. So one of the things I wanted to tell you is that it will follow. A song that is going to slip. That song was going to fly. It is going to fly. It is going to fly. Then the show is going to fly. 3. Stand by. Give me a freaking break and we don't really start our show to love in a class so we got like we got a mystery hour here. What we have between our love and a climb. And again for the hundredth time I would really love to find out from somebody in that building. When a hell Stern is it is it starting next Monday for the rest of the year that he's gonna be best of it on tape. A lot of week. Yeah, we have to find out. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah, that's find out. There's a lot of things we have to find out down here. Oh, there's so many things to find out in so little time just to be able to tell you audience. Hey guess what's from December to the twenty market on your wrist. We're gonna be starting to ten o'clock here because Stern is his majesty is on the tape. And as a result it's gonna be best of shows which they can't fill the rest of the hour because they can't rob and can't do the same old steel news. Very amazing. So look we're gonna do it. And I'm also sitting here on the edge of my seat waiting for that damn phone ring. The other room for my FedEx delivery. My dead and CD deck so we don't have to have like skipping and pop it. Maybe we can just place some CDs on the old ones here while I was chilling there. Skip to my loop. Yeah, skip to my loop. Right. So what we're gonna do this hour is the beast is gonna talk about food. That's all he knows. Which I didn't even know the beast was gonna be there today. But you know, they spring a lot of surprises on us. Here's the beast. Here's a 1953 we're all done. Just unbelievable is what it is. Unacceptable. Well look at it. But what are you gonna do? And of course we can't start with any of those. I will say Rachel Hunter is on the beat of curtain today. Nice. Now there are two Rachel Hunter but I'm sure that I know which one that is. This is a Rachel that was born in Auckland, New Zealand. I should be talking about that now because it's not 11 o'clock yet. See, see what I mean by this? We can't start to show because nobody knows where I'm now. You see that? Where I'm? Do you follow that? Huh? Are we on? I don't know. Maybe we could get Bernie Carrack on. Boy, oh boy, every minute of every day there's more revelations. He's having an affair with two women at the same time. He's a gut the illegal alien nanny. He's a taken illegal gift study wasn't bothering to report. And just all of these things and nice choice there. And now, when you did fast be one thing that was rather abhoring, almost as boring as the guy himself. They're talking about Jewelie Bremen. Oh, as maybe the next to a Homeland Security Department. Would you feel really secure with Jewelie Bremen in charge? That'd be great. Now let me just check these out because I see my dance. Oh yeah, there you go. The phone is working again. Thank the Lord for that. They reset everything. They reset everything. Well, that's special. Isn't that our engineering department? We said everything. The same engineering department that couldn't get us a clock that we had out of our listeners bring your clock for George on the Friday against the voice. It's good looking to the real nice clock. Thank you very much. Whatever it was, guys, name Tim, I think. Yes, I'm like that. Whoever you are, Tim, Joe, Jim, something. Thanks a lot, Sally. Help bail us out because of engineering department is either too lazy or too cheap to put a freaking clock in our radio studio. It's just, you know, part for the chorus more to say the swell. It's your swivel station. You I am. So let's just take a lot of calls this hour after the Beast talks about how great how bad Ruth Chris is. You are such a puts. Why? Because you just don't know good food. It's just a lot of money. Well, if anybody knows good food, it's me, anybody as fat as I am. Just because you're fat, there's a lot of fat Mexicans too. It doesn't mean they are connoisseurs of great cuisine. I like the breed of that there. It means because they eat a lot of beans. I love beans. Yeah, see that. There you go. Anybody who eats beans or loves beans is going to be just a slide. That's all I want to say. I want to say names in particular, general or whatever. But anybody that's a bean either got to be just have no taste. Your taste is in your toast. That's what Karen said. And what you're telling me, the capital grill is great. The capital grill is awesome. And what was the other one you mentioned? I like Peter Lutters. So there is no Peter Lutters in South Florida. Well, I'm sorry. Morton says decent. Morton says very good. Ruth Chris is impeccable. Ruth Chris is in. Let me tell you right now. Yeah. In Hawaii. In Vegas. They're two of them in Vegas. They're both great. And the one here in Toronto is the best of them all is sensational. Well, the one I ate at wasn't that great. In coral geables. They don't want to be too specific because it'll piss off the people down there. Then they get all done and turn on me. But I don't really care because they don't feed me free any warning how. But it's just, I'm accepted. This is well, I had the dinner first of all. What's the big fat type of crap like you eating at Ruth Chris for anyway? That's number one. What do you mean? Just what I said. And don't tell me you just said you were doing abkins. They just had steak, right? Oh, you had the steak with the sweet potato casserole. Oh, sweet potato casserole, right? Some onion rings? Mhm. I actually had the veal top. Like I said, big tub of crap with a death wish. Although not nearly as much as fat tub of crap is the B as the, you say as fat boy. Yeah, you're moving back up to later. Hi, how are you? Because when it comes to obnoxious fat lying, nastily, debvious people had building, he's got them all, like fat boy. Don't it? And it comes anywhere near that studio. George is on vacation by the way this week. So we don't need to get that call. Where is your order? George is on vacation although after last week some of those episodes might have had some legitimate doubts you know what I mean? Yeah. After your fat boy tried to throw poor George under the bus. Nice going fat boy you lying sack. You piece of turd. I think even though we can't play it anymore just in honor of fat one we're gonna play. Just a little bit of that. Can't play anymore of that. But boy you are brutal fat boy. Don't ever see it now. Now don't you feel better not giving them those tickets? Well I wasn't gonna give them to her anyway. No but I'm just saying that they've been validated for it now that you find out what a devious backstabbing pile of crampies yet it did. Always suck it around. Hi I'm Palmy what you got for me. That's the best of the best of the bills again. We wouldn't give you tickets to Buffalo on a great hunt bus okay. So him on a bus it would never get there anyway. But I think he's the he's from Buffalo. Doesn't the only guy that I know from Buffalo who's a pretty good guy is Woody Graber. I can't think of anybody else I've ever known in my life who's from Buffalo who's I don't know anybody else from Buffalo that's even a worse wrong human being Buffalo is the armpit of the universe man it's swill all the swill and okay let's take a few calls here what do you say and we'll find out about the mistake okay about the great meat you're wrong I'm not wrong now I am I'll admit I've never read into capital grill so maybe it's sensational I have eaten it's myth and we'll let's keep or at least they brought the food in that day that was a disaster that was bad. Come on you QA and hello. Hello yes sir. Is this the a rod you show now this is the Howard Stern I went to an appointment early filled in 10 or 11 sure yes. All right I got the wrong number. Okay sorry. Oh my god I never expected to go that good to start us off for the week that was special we're never going to duplicate that. There are just some people who are just two dense to understand that when you start a different time every day and that's why we condition the audience say look if you want if you're not a sternless deer that's you know nothing we can do about that but join us at 11 that's when we start the official business every day and all of a sudden sitting here stand by like a puppet on a string is what I am now just to stand by being manipulated while Howard blow it out your ass how do you like that and take Robin with you maybe he's got a big important with serious you think maybe they like got a shocking announcement coming just before the holidays given the high gear to the go in. How about QA and hello. Yes sir. Are you doing okay. I just just want to make a comment because you know I kind of become a sternless and a way of QAM. Yes sir. This is ridiculous just you know what my vote is just shut him down and kind of clock forget about it goodbye like they do on series right. Yeah I mean I don't see how you guys can put up with that crap. Well I mean this today this is just not a lot of nowhere because generally you know people that I work for it don't understand you have to there's a certain amount of mental preparation you have to have somebody when you're going to start what you're going to be doing and you're mind how you're going to do the show or be day wouldn't it. The format excel it they don't understand from format I'm telling you I'm telling time and putting a lot of spots on here it's all in there. It's the apples me that they don't have they don't like empathize with you on that because I mean my knees we job that I have a job at trucker. I mean I mean I need to find you know 10 minutes to prep my mind for whatever. I thought no matter what I do I'm a musician also we find up and through my first set I get a these three shots okay I know this is crazy I can you know they got a they got a cut this. There are still three shots this one what do you say. Yeah I'd be all and I think I'd give up to you if I empathizes with me understand this is bull crap it is. I thought you were joking when you said stand by we're just talking contemplating pieces going on about food which is all he knows and I'll stand by what and the smile on Robert Creepers face was just so okay blowing out your ass Robert okay you right wing self hating you you miserable piece of turn okay by the way you're ex communicated. Rabbi Shapiro just said you're out you know I know party wouldn't touch you with his best with his best finger. Man Robert Creeper had a smile on his face because he's another one devious although he's got the pictures that's the only reason he's still there. The others have come and gone you notice even when he was working there on a mo show beast yes you've got stand yep. Is that got a big stand yep Carolyn got the old step old guilty got the step old yeah but the not Robert Creeper because Robert's got the picture of all the beesleys with a billy goes to something like that he has he knows about his a very make no mistake about that and you talk about a long departure I've never seen anybody in my life threatened to leave he's been leaving for seven years and I've been there he was going to law school ten years ago. Yeah he's been going along he's a professional student he's kind of like Mike Rosen-Tall he's a professional student you know how about those dolphin yeah right they are special you know and of course the defenders those handful of how many are the could possibly be. I would say oh yeah but they were done then were with favorite by eleven they got a winning record then were below is okay jank tomor could win a fixed game I mean he's just awful and generally speaking are whole performance by ten very as the except for the 50 year field goal of one a game with pretty pretty black luster. How about those patriots by the way now we have some problems there since and at ease and explosive offensive juggernaut thank god they got no defense but uh and like I've said patriots occasionally they have a little trouble closing games out when you agree with that I would have to agree at times they get a little lack of a time for the defense just goes on make it permanent vacation for like the whole game I yesterday was pretty weak defensively. So to have looking forward to Monday night. Oh Monday that's going to be really special in fact they kept playing after in the game they were showing the schedules and the patriots to the last game to get the jets in between at them be interesting game although the jets were the tank against kids for yesterday Chad Pettington looked like I looked like Jake Palmer he was pathetic. In fact I think he's having over way anyway but that game will be tough but that's in between the dolphins and the San Francisco 40 nine is wow. So we know it's going to be at least 14 and 2 and maybe if they can be the jets in the year 15 and 1 for the patriots. I don't want to rub it in because a lot of people know that the dolphins are an embarrassment they're humiliating and by the way Norman patriots you're not going to be the coach everybody knows that and all the rau rau sis booma you might be of loose holds on the sideline. Scream that he looks like him that he's a little bit little bit. Screaming and yelling and like I don't blame him quite frankly he's you know he's out you're out Norman he would never hurt a fly though five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty if they to fill in line man now what's the last day of tenuka. He told me I don't know I might ask you new jage we're talking to the game about a mask in the beast. He's never it's a way of eight days I'm not going to play that eight days of time. I think even though we kill out of the time it's too long and progress I hate that bit. Maybe we'll just play it all comedy bits what you say. Okay not. WCWM hello. They are so good. You want a 10 o'clock. Yeah I try to be a real. Yeah. You hit him when you ask it. Yeah I try to be expecting that you're stern wrap up his ridiculous much but I wanted to tell you a good jet five story. Good. Used to work with a man. One of the other sales guys you had. We're going to have a simple guy's for a bill for tickets to bill off and the guy who shall remain nameless. Got him the tickets and I and I would never paid him back. And when he came asking for the money for the tickets just bit this guy's hand. And I think that's a lot of you. I don't know what he was trying to do but he's an it for the character. Yeah. He's all right. You say that. You are you are that missed between 10 to 11. I gotta tell you. Well, students that leave all these days with you only hope soon. It'd be nice to be stationed at the ball. Can I say that? Just put him off the clock like these other stations. That's when I keep telling them. But he's going to be there. Yeah. Some money. My hand's saying no problem. Mr. with my show. But they're a terrified that infinity will take him to court or something. If they mess with the steering show. I think they lose his money. If he gets to see the tent of clock. Then those people lose his money. I don't get it. I got loose for him. We got no spots this half hour. Yeah. Because they've given away a half hour of time. Which you figure it out. You're mind how much that's worth. Okay. I don't understand this. There's just any more. But yeah. You're the best. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a great day. Say hi to a fine boy. But I'm on the ass. No. Big target. He's got some mic Tyson. I'll never as long as I live on. I never forget when he first. When I've been with both George and I've been screw in. Don't whatever you do. Go to higher. And we work with an IOD. He was a disaster there. Lyr, troublemaker, setting up. He sets up appearances. He tells people, oh, sure. Hank is going to come to your business and he'll be there for two hours. And about and a lot cost you a hundred bucks. And he'll. And Hank goes nothing about it. I did. It does with everybody. He was sending Phil Henry on remote appearances that nobody ever even knew about. But I'll never forget to deal with the power 96 price closet. Where they had all the candy bar stashed away. And he was Jimmy. Open. It's like a like a rat. Yeah, like a rat. If he knows that there's food in it like, bro through the wall or whatever he has to do to get to it. And he was he was Jimmy. Open. He was breaking into the price closet. And he was just shoveling candy bars down his fat face. He makes you seem like a skinny atlas. I like an anorexic man. But we're not stuck at all. Okay. I don't want to get bogged down on fat boy. Where the hell's my package already? See, that's the other thing. Well, of all the days when I'm like bail out at 953. Not that it's a big deal. But it's just it's like in the back of your mind. Like I know the phone is going to ring. I know because I fed X called me on Friday. And why the hell did they do that? Package showed up in town on Friday. And I said, well, what are you going to be delivering it? She called to tell me how much the customs is. And I put the money in the envelope and it's all sitting there. Uh, well, I'm Monday. We'll be delivering it Monday. So I'm assuming maybe because it's the holidays. No back up with a schedule stuff like that. You'll be pleased to know the Sunday shining. And the temperature is. I'm sure it is. I'm sure it is. WQA and hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. How come they, uh, I know Greg Reed and the bees Lee or whatever. They, they home power 96. Why couldn't they put Howard on there? Yeah, that's what I said a couple weeks ago. They should have put him on FM. Because AM, I mean, it's, it's so old and still. Yeah, it's hard to get the signal. Oh, any poster about that Spanish language music in the background. That's salsa crap in the background. Yeah. I don't know why that's so much because it, you know, it makes me want to listen hard, you know. Yeah. But have a lovely day. I'm not touching that, you're ace. I'm not touching that anyway, shape or foam. Well, it's 10, 21 already we're moving right along. This is, this is an embarrassment to me because just, you know, you're free. I don't want to say anything that it's like, don't do anything that you're going to do after 11 o'clock. Because that's the show. Although, we know we got a few people that stumbled across. That's good. This keeps pushing that down. Check back with this folks. Just keep checking back to see when Howard's in the mood to go home or maybe had an appointment or maybe had a case of wild diarrhea or something like that. Anybody coming there and tell us, give us the dates when Stern is going to be available. And after the rest of the year on his, hiatus. Yeah, the last two weeks. So next week and then we got her. Oh, brother. All I can say that is. Oh, my God. So let's, let the audience know, maybe this is like a practice run. This is a dry run for the last two weeks of the year that we're going to be on starting at 10 every day. Well, I mean, 10, 0, 5, 10, 0, 3, whatever they make way for us. Right. In those last, whatever they finally graciously step aside and let us step it year or living rooms in bedrooms and addicts and whatever your basement, lot of basements and floor. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, maybe we'll hear from a lady this hour. What do you think? Oh, since we never have any email callers anyway. Easy to get through this hour. Trust me. Just pop it right on there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 6 down a Verizon and sing it around us line. Anybody watching the game last night? Well, if it's against any Eagles, excited ending. Watch the entire game. I don't want to think the same mistake I did last week when I watched them two days less than one to bed. Bad move. Again, Eagles did everything in their power to try to let the Redskins win that game when you agree with it. What a horrible pass at the end, by the way. Just unbelievable. And I will say this. Whoever, whoever either called or fast earlier in a week about that trio that do the ESPN game, not me for, for giving about them for a minute. Yeah. I don't want to keep seeing terrible Owens or Terrell or whatever you want to come. I don't want to keep seeing him sitting on the bench with his Tuk'an. Okay. It means nothing. It has nothing in doing what's going on. We know what he looks like. We know he's there when the defense is on the field. We know he's sitting over there and we don't need to see him all the time. And has nothing in doing with anything. He's a star. He's a shining star. Oh, give me a break already. When you're plusy. He's waiting last night except cough up the ball when he stripped the ball. It stands out in a five-year line true. But those three clowns on their fiasmen and Palma Guyer who's just a clown. Another one from Buffalo by the way. And Mike, what's the guy's name? Mike, they're terrible. All they do with the entire game. The whole game is the three of them. Second guess they'll be playing. They just bader. They've bigger and a second guess. Every the officials, the calls, every the play. Although I did like the fact that they were ripping a hell out of the bad plays. That was good. There's most guys don't have the balls to do that. Oh, sorry, Donna. Don't actually lately you have his upset. I said, but balls. But, uh, no, she's, she's another one. She's a little bit silly as bitch. Always, you always have to cater to all the silly. As well, Donna, she'll lay those upset while we don't really care. Okay, screw you, Donna, and the whole university, you Miami, with all respect. Hey, some money. And you're good, buddy. Another loser. They're awful. But, what's your, what's his name for a number 11 quarterback? Patrick Ramsey. Yeah. Very clear, very good. Mike Patrick Ramsey. See, how it all fits in together? Yeah. Patrick Ramsey. Oh, and then, what's her name? Not Leslie Visser. What's the one they got on their body? Buddy, body Bernstein, Judy Jerome, what's your name? Buddy, we have a body Bernstein's on on his skin. No, who's the one that's on his head? Is it a, uh, SUNY Cobra? Yeah, whoever it is. She's telling this story about Bert Jones, that about, uh, what's his name? Bert, right? Who? No, Bert Jones. Bert, right? Bert Jones. He used to be quarterback for the Colts before you were born. It would play to LSU. Oh. And how Patrick Ramsey is, uh, how his son is good friends. But Bert Jones and how you used to go to the house all the time. Hang out with Bert Jones. And they could hear his, they could hear him walking up to stairs. That's because his knees were creaking. And she's telling this story. And at the same time, we must have played on the field. All of a sudden, the crap is going on. It's just unbelievable to tell a kiss. But you're right. That throw their feet at the end of the game. Uh, people have been shot for less than that. That was unbelievable. They're an easy field goal range. Right there. The worst thing that was tied, send a game to overtime. Guess what? Surprise. Here you go. Get the rapid. I think you can see the guy's in triple covered for less. Of course a lot of us who are Patriot fans who are hoping to migrate crazy. The Eagles would like, you know, those are another game. Which would be nice. They would be Pittsburgh. And the new England would be the early 12 or one things. But at least we're not two and 12 anyway. Two and eleven. Sorry. So that's a monkey night game next week, right? Yes. Mode better get all worked up for that. Oh, don't don't don't don't don't don't. Better be ready for it. Most going to be really eugly. I promise you. WCOM. Hello. Any other going? Okay. How about Fox hiring Dave Wants that to do color on the game? And this guy, he sucked his approach. When he gives his opinion like there was one play in the first quarter where they Challenge. He goes, oh, that's a good challenge. And they lost the challenge. Yeah. No, no game was that was that the 49er game? Yeah. 49er game. That was a perfect game for him and two girls teams. Arizona and San Francisco. Those are good game for with the Wants that era. But listen to him. He's like saying, well, we've got the ball now. What is this guy talking about? We. We. Who is we? I don't know. I can keep all he was 49er's coach. But two rounders. But listen to me. Be with Brian Murray. Do a game. Oh, did you have a vision? Yes. He's losing. Including. And the guys can go in the wash column. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Get used to a pali. Get used to it. It was a cost of compliment a hero this morning. Nobody put a buy line on. I guess they're afraid to wait and go and get him. Send a hitman or something. But about how it would be nice if Wayne would tell people if he had some ideas. Some plan. What are we going to do? What are we thinking about doing? Everybody knows that Norman Pages and coming back and things like that? Oh, yeah. That was one of the columnists. I saw that. Yeah. But it didn't have a name on it. No, it didn't. The real paper. I think. Oh, did it. Yeah. Not online. Well, I heard online. They got the internet all cranked back up there again. Yeah. We're going to do one. Yep. There's a best. 27 after 10. Now we can like space these breaks out real nice. Ha ha ha ha ha. Man. We are the laughing stock of America. Maybe you were wherever you folks are. 27 after 10 a QA. Let's take a look at that schedule. We got mad dog at two. We got the pristine schedule. Comporate four. You got guilty. It's smoky bones and plantation. That's seven. Eddie K. 10. By the way, guilty. When is this deal in? He must be really on pins and needles. Cause tomorrow's the follow up meeting here in Toronto. The hockey meeting. Yeah. So he must be like sitting doing the green apple. Quick step all day because tomorrow, if it goes well after that. Really amazing. They shocked everybody. The players the union. The 25 percent. Well, that's 24 percent salary reduction. If that goes well, they continue to think. Oh, she has to look at me. It might solve it some part of a season. Then, guilty might actually get on the air. Otherwise, if it doesn't, and it's obviously not going to be no hockey games, I think at the end of December by by. No, I mean that'd be upsetting. That would be very disturbing. Hey. Then, Japan or pepper is over this performance by the dolphin. Hey. Hey, my child. What are you doing here? Oh, my. Turn down. And I need to take a long. For. Oh, are you looking so. Baby, it's one in life. We'll start some two minutes. Oh, I'm even younger. I'm getting a little bit. Hey, this is major. We've got parsoils and the kids' boards. And down on the knees. What about my? What about? What about? What about? What are you talking about? I'm still a deaf-yess counting on you. What? I can't speak myself. I'm a deaf-yess. You, T.O. Then, how much you tell me what's better than you think? You know I can't turn you back. Then, I got a fucking fucking. T.O. Wait. Oh, I can't even go on a lesson without me. Oh, my god. Who watched this? Sex. Lies. Sex. Lies. And that one. It's just so. No. I don't wish to watch. Also, especially. The people who came to me because he was a big, I think he was the only one. He's been last night for a fixating. I'm down in the middle of the night sitting on the sign. I'm picking his nose. That was basically two. And you would think that at one point after they say, oh, I'll cut away from that. And they're just sitting there, show the game is going on, by the way, we need to see McNave sitting on the sign line. Dicking for goal. That was nice. One time when he was in college at Syracuse, they had him on TV throwing up on the sign line. Really? Yeah. Well, I sure is special. Here's a fashion day of the cop who is not so special. He's chronic. Get a life already. Will you please? I have no right. It says happy Hanukkah. I'm not celebrating Hanukkah or any other stupid holiday. Okay, day of the cop at Instagram. I'm not Wednesday. I mean, you say it ends Wednesday. I thought it ended Wednesday. But well, what do you know? I don't know. I'm just, you're like me. You're just a gastronomic dude. You just eat the food. You know, care about the rest of it. Exactly. I like it. I started last Tuesday night. Oh, there's nothing like some good luchin cover or maybe some nice, gribbinous or some kishki. Oh, good one. Can I? Potato, potato, growl. After finally coming out of deep depression over the kernels getting swept by the red sauce. Then Terry losing weight later. He says I fell back into what you're saying after watching eat the press. Howard Dean is so damn intelligent and presidential. It makes me sick that he was a buried after a small stumble. I said, where he didn't make any stumble day of the cup. He didn't make any stumble in the media. It took something in like, uh, which we don't have to go through that again. So as the man is our ticket and fourth right, much like Mario Cuomo wasn't the 80s. The only problem is he didn't have any mafia people in his background like Mario Cuomo didn't, so that it come up with some other, trying to see what Howard Dean makes sure he didn't have no shot. Howard Dean would have won by like 10 points. He would have buried bush. It says, funny thing, both were kept far away from running for prison against one bush or another. He says the couple happy to do this. He's going to use the cup, which I even know he was Jewish and quite frankly couldn't care less. 1035. I got an appointment in about two minutes. I'll see. Stop and think about how else an I miss is. You know, you talk about ego and I don't care. I mean, I got a pretty good contract to, but this guy must have a contract that's just absolutely un-feelable and unspeakable. Not only is he going to whenever he feels like it after 10 o'clock, but if he's so decides, and before 10 o'clock he takes off. Here's the Howard Stearns Show from six till. Whenever it hell he feels like I leave in his majesty, boy, works for me. Does it really? What other job? How many calls about steak houses yet? These, these says Ruth Chris blows. No, that's not true. Now have you eaten at any of the other one? Yes, I told you I ate enough. He didn't even scotch sale. It was talking about Phoenix and scotch stuff. I'm talking about like an civilized place. Have you eaten into one of four lottery? No. So then what do you know? There's one in North County Beach to have a lead. I didn't eat there. No, poor jables. What do they know about good steak and cruel jables? They are. They get some good restaurants and cruel jables. They used to. I don't think they have an odd G. It's normal. What is it? They're going to like good restaurants and k- What about christies? Christy's is great there. That's great. Yeah. Luke Christy's. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60 in a Verizon and sing your run. I'm just sitting here until my package comes with my. And then I think what I'll do is, let's, you guys do the show and I'll install my dinnons during the show. The CD-Dex. Why? WQM hello. Hey, happy holidays. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Listen, I got real giddy when I heard Robin wrap it up at the 58 because I knew we were rolling for a treat in actual hour. What do you mean? What are the about 950 and a show? It's the three we played the five for seven minutes. Well, I'm sorry. I'm having trouble keeping count here. Yes, sir. Hold on. Listen, I wanted to tell you the good news. They just opened up a brand new publics not to block the way from my house. And like property values are up 5% already. And you wouldn't believe what they had there before was a Vada Ditto. Have you ever heard of those? The what? Vada Ditto is like wind, digs, see, and downtown little Havana. It's so worth it. But they got rid of it. Never heard of it. Yeah, well, they rounded up all the green tubes and guiabeta's and youth and ashtom or something. I don't know, but it's beautiful. It's a little smaller than a normal publics, but you know, size doesn't count when the food is for a. The publics is always great. It's beautiful. The bathrooms are nice and clean. The bathrooms? Oh, yeah. Well, I don't go there to the bat with you. You need to go to supermarkets and crew the tea rooms that we use. You're scared to go. I wish sometimes you're passing by and you got to, yeah, you got to move. Hands to the bathroom right. Yeah. Okay, we'll enjoy. You really have fresh fruit. And how's with that guy? I actually do that too. You do why? If I'm out in the road and I have to go, a publics is a great place to go. Publics has public restrooms? Yeah. I never knew that. You have to be Schmidt and Mimi. Oh, it's serious. Public has publics, publics restrooms. Yeah, right there, man. You walk in by the registers down front and there you go. What? Usually by like they where they have the movies or the magazines. What are you talking about? Movies or the magazine? Give a sort of a store. There's restrooms in the front of the store, I think you're all doing drugs. I've never, in my lifetime, I've never been in a supermarket that had public restrooms. Never heard of it. I kid you not. I'm going to get a glass of wine. Might as well have some use of these. This is their last, this is their farewell performance today. These CVTX. I'm going to get in reconditions. Stick them in the closet and we'll always have a spare. It's always good when you're thinking breaks down. I have a spare. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the magazine and sing it a wireless lens. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Sounds like me yes. They're absolutely correct sir. I'm up here wellington. I stopped. I relieved myself to public. I just walked out. They're not ready. I'll talk about it. Are you serious? I'm serious. I'm going to tell me where the restrooms are because these says they're up either. Check out. You go in the front door and right up in the front of the building. I right next to the checkout shop. There are. Yep. Well, myself a new stapler went in there. The window library came back out and you were talking about it. I think when I come home in a few days, I'm going to like to spend about half of my time taking a gigantic dump in public. I have to make a lot of time. I'm going to visit the office. Nice work, pal. All right buddy. Take care. Have a great holiday. All these years. I told you. Oh my god. I can't tell you the number of times I've been in public in nature. Like, oh, see, am I going to make it? I'm actually going to get home. And I would have had no idea where to go. The worst is when you're halfway through like the produce section. You have a basket that will full the stuff. Yeah. No one do you do. You just leave your basket there. You tell me. I don't know. You seem to be the expert on this. You leave a fiscal task. You just like go your basket. You just leave it there. Hope it'll be there when you come back out. You sure? Probably not a good idea to take the basket inside the team. Or with you. I wouldn't think. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, sixty. All these years I've lived never knew that public said public restrooms. That is just a fabulous thing. That's to make me want to stay there all year round. Come to QAM. Hello. Yeah. I can't tell if I can help you. Speaking. Yeah. Let's draw the winding about Howard. Oh, again with you. Man, don't you have a different line. You got anything different. No, but I thought you thought that was a good idea. Yeah, that's all. How much have we spent? Like 60 seconds on that this hour. And let me say it again. It's not winding. It's a fact. Okay. Nobody wants to have no idea when our show starts in his business. Okay. That's just the way it is. Go back to New York. Get on the subway. Maybe Bernie gets so will me. Okay. I'm feeling just amazing. The mentality of some of these people. That's where I'm at. That's where I'm coming from. Okay. That's my take. I'm his whole disaster. Nobody wants to be sitting around like thinking they're coming on 10 30 10 45. But her and then all of a said by like we're on the end of a string. Okay. Every every 10 days this guy has to call it. What's all the one you're about hard because we don't like it. Okay. We don't like it. Most of our audience don't like it. And this show has got to have a starting time. Is it 10? Is it 11? Is it 10 45? Is it now we from a circus? When is this show started? That's all. Very simple. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. What about this? Put on the best of from 10 to 11. Or is that that works for you as far as you're contract and money? What do you mean by that? I'm not going to play this crappy tapes. Are you crazy? Why was it just a way to get back? Okay. Thanks. How's that going to be? When I play in tapes under any circumstances. I was going to play the area on the pop tape. Now what are we doing on Christmas in New Year's? See, once a part of time before we lost all the sports to the other station to 790 ESPN radio where Joe Rose is now. Well, they're on the radio. What? Both Christmas in New Year's on Saturday. Oh, that's right. What about the Navy 4? Of course. I don't give a crap because I'm not going to be there anyway. I'll be on vacation. But I don't think George wants to work like Christmas Eve there before. Don't we usually have on the past always we had bowl games. We had like, count Thanksgiving. Well, that's the end of the game. Oh, thanks. Give it a game. We don't have that anymore. Chris on New Year's Eve is the the Cains bowl game for the 31st. New Year's Eve. Well, that's going to do a lot of good at what is that? 8 o'clock at night? 730. Yeah. But the pre game shows starts before that. Yeah, the pre game shows starts 10 and morning. There we're safe. There you go. No cause about steak houses man. These people and their their whole mentality must be in a different direction. They're talking about getting rid of it not eating it because they agree with me. They agree with you on what that. Chris sucks. No, I didn't see that. Your taste is in your twist. No wonder you spend so much time on squatting in publics. W2AM, hello. Yeah, I want to talk to him. Speaking. They knew how to go. Okay. By the way, if publics when you walk in, you make a right in hang like Ray Bible's window and the bathroom's always all red along the very edge of the front of the store. Really? Yeah. You walk in, make a right and you go and make the other side and you dance the same way. It's all the way on the right right at the front of the store. The other thing is the guy who called about the you show and complaining about Howard. I've edited the house furniture and started to fix it. I'm a remorning for that idiot. You know, he'd be concerned. Yeah, right right. If Howard, if he's doing it six years at the beginning of the show, he'll be like, you know, you have a show start like it six twenty five or five forty. Yeah, it's just not the way the real world operates. Absolutely. I agree with you. Thanks a lot, pal. I'll see you in stall number three. Okay. Five six. Five six. Five sixty. I bet you the beast is a kind of guy that either one of two things either right Scruffy and a restroom walls or probably has a portable drill. A battery operator one of them and probably drills glory holes. No. I do bring that kind of person to me. I do bring my internet phone in so I can, you know, surf the net well. I'm doing it really. Yeah, but yeah, because in your cases probably like a long pitch stop five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and a Verizon and singular. This is going to be a marathon today, you know, just in the whole psychological way that this thing came down. WQAM hello. Hey, as one of you going to do a death watch list for next year. Okay. Well, I know I don't want to put Keith Richards on it. I've watched the money items since 1974. Yeah. Trying to see who else I can bet on this year. Okay. Well, do some research. Get back to us. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five not no ladies. Not one. WQAM hello. Yes. I'd like to get on. You're on. Ask me along. I'm in service, huh? I'm in total. Yeah. Neil. Yeah. I'm the bathroom expert. Let me give you a little bit. Well, they are no matter drill. Low down real fast. Okay. As far as public. First of all, they're in different locations in different stores depending on the age, you know, one's design of the store. And some of them are pretty darn nice, you know, but I'm. Yeah. I got it. Really. I am serious. This is going back to New York with bathrooms and office buildings. I was going to write a book. I may still do it on the best bathrooms. But the thing is, as far as, like, if you're shopping because this happens to me. And many times. And seriously, if you're shopping, you got stuff. You don't want them to resheld it. You know, I do. And I have like, post bags and talk about talk about day. I just asked a store, you know, for guys, you know, doing inventory and shopping. Would you please watch this all the time? If I've already checked that, I costed a service. And then I'm always that good. They just turn away from your stuff sometimes. But you just say, can you watch my wagon, please? Please. I can watch my wagon, yeah. All right. Okay. I mean, public is good. Well, Dick's the and what's the other's Albertsons. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Thanks for going. Okay. I like your pound. Okay. Perfect. See, wow. Wow. Wow. Five, six. Yeah. We got the T-Romex first corner right now. Some of the T-Romex Proverts. See, you taught with two things we talked about. Basically, was a great steak houses and taken a dump in your supermarket. And obviously, this audience, we see with direction. They're going in. No, okay. Great. That was great. Thanks, Maddie. That was Maddie. We are called with a socket in his mouth. Come in a QA in. Uh, five, 50? Yes, sir. Um, um, um, I'm, um, I thought you were a screen. I'm just on a mobile screen. That's why you're on right now because we need screen and man. We don't screen on this show. Oh, no. We don't. We don't talk to a one from little of Anna. First of all. You know what I mean? Yes. What? This thing about the rock. Right? If they're getting picked up out of a pond. Why aren't you really pads and seaweed and other stuff falling out of this? Because Lily pads are like, uh, Probably there are Lily pads. I don't know Lily pads most of them are like rooted to something. They got roots. I guess people might not mentioned it because it doesn't seem as big a deal as the frauds him. Yeah. Will go watch Magnolia coming back. Let me know. I like it again. Five, six, seven, but have you seen Magnolia? No. Why do you say it like that? I haven't been watching that works finally. I draw a time for 30 this morning. Right? right and liked it. I did. I think my naughty little like even better. All right, I'll go get it. Go get it. Trust me when I tell you. 567. 0.560. Pound 560 on a Verizon and singular wireless line. WQA. I'm 13. The phone. Yeah. Yes, sir. As far as the beast goes, you would not take out to the U.M. loser. Yeah, that's true. You know what I mean? Yeah, I should read first. First, first Chris is good. He doesn't know anything. No, first Chris isn't good. But, Ruth Chris is great. Ruth's here right out standing out standing out standing out. And how old they say now? Back to you, Pally. All right. See there you go. He says, you don't know your meat. Come on. I know my meat. WQA, I'm hello. Speak up, sir. Come on. Where do you wait? What's the world of food? I just think you got that fat guy. Be a thing. You guys talk about food outside of us? Yeah. What do you want to talk about? Sir, what would you like to discuss? What would you like to lay on us? Just to be one of the fat beast guys. Okay. Lost. Losers. Loser. Loser. What are your buddies from U.N. No doubt. I'll offer God. They don't listen to U.N. I don't think we have anybody who listened to this show at U of M. I didn't listen what I was going to school there until they had a bud packs in in one day as a featured guest. I want to write. Oh, yeah. And one of these little cuba girls was like, Mr. Parks, and how can you and Lousen? You're Rogers to be on the air on your station. And then after the night. Listen. WQA, and hello. I want to talk about you. Yes, sir. Absolutely. The man is a man of the house with a man of the house. Is it Palm Beach? Is it Rachel? Is it the strip cloth that has the best stake in the world? Yeah. It's a strip club? Yeah. It's a gentleman's club without standing meat. Okay. Well, I said, whatever, everybody likes five six seven, oh five six. He's got a virtual hunter on our video curtain today by the way, sir. And we don't quite frankly care that much about great steak houses in Palm Beach. All we do have plenty of people listening in Palm Beach, said, uh, get lost. It is good though. You've eaten it. That joint? I have. Yes. Rachel's, it's actually a pretty popular place like a five star restaurant in a girl. Where is it? It's, uh, wow. It's, it's like it's two eggs. It's past full bright. It's up near like Lake Worth almost. Oh, my God. It's almost like a West Palm Beach. Yeah. It's far. Here's the fact this is, I think all grocery stores must be required to have public restaurants. And some beach of a grocery store down on fifth and Washington, which is closed down, you had to go through the back where they had those hanging plastic strips to keep the cooler in. What? Hanging plastic strips to keep the cooler in? Yeah. Usually if there's like a a refrigerated section, there's a hanging plastic strip to divide that and the not refrigerated section. It says, then you pass the first produce that's just been shipped up the wooden stairs. That gram miles house where they dry goods are being stored down to wooden plank platform and low and behold. And official public bathroom in the storage loft near the roof. Oh, right. And by the time you've got to you probably left the the suitable trail. God, to me, I mean, if you're out on the road, the the easiest, the best place usually unless it turns out to be a filthy place is like a fast food joint. Anyone got to have public turrets? No? Yeah, but you think those are the best places? As far as like quick, easy, usually uncrowded. If you're at lunches, they're going to middle all lunch or dinner hour, but clean McDonald's, Burger King, which I see only reason I was going there was to leave something, I'd say take something out. RVs, any of those places can tuck you fried? How about a taco bell? Yeah, taco bell would be great to leave a Christmas log. You don't think? Or two? Or Denys? I told it about Denys and I that story in Orlando many, many years ago about how I flushed it and unfortunately the toilet was a whoever had preceded me, hadn't done a very good job of getting rid of what they look and so as a result the toilet was plugged up. I'll just say I plugged up. I could do it and as I pushed the handle down, the water started coming over the top of the bowl. Needless to say, I made a quick feel on out of there and you could as I was heading toward the exit of Denys, you could start, you could start seeing the water coming under the door, you know what I mean? But I didn't stick around long enough for the flood, you know? Yeah, why would you? I'm my way out. I said I think Noah is in there. 5670560 pound 560 with all head or public restroom stories, right? Is there anybody who has never been exciting episode? Sure, everyone said their experience. Matt and Boca says watch my wagon is what I say inside the restroom. I have to agree with your callers. Public says the best restroom is out of all supermarkets by far and by the way what's the talk radio like up in Canada? I imagine it's more toward the progressive side of the aisle. Now I really don't think it's at all progressive number one number two. I couldn't begin to tell you Matt because I don't listen to the radio ever, not rarely, not seldom, ever, never, never. That's because I don't have a car here number one. And number two even if I did, I probably don't listen to music. Radio here is pretty constant, pretty stale, hey? It is. 5670560 pound 580 is almost 11 o'clock already. It's a soup yet or what? God, this is just this is agony. WDQAM, hello. I want to speak to Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yes sir. I got a much better idea than public screw of young. Yeah. When you're out on the road, find a hotel, ask about the race, and then go use your bathroom. We give the dance. That is a good one. Screw all. But that's a long process man. Hey, if you got to take a shit, you got to take a shit. That's what's going. Man. As a matter of fact, I've told you the empty empty stories are old and stared. About the barbers on palace and the craze and the post. In the fact that when you're like cruising around the red light district and the empty room, when you're in that part of town, which just about all the tourists generally are. And you're walking around because lumping in that town, you're not going to go to a restaurant and say, oh, can I use your restaurant ride? First of all, most of those joints, most of those real dumping, CD places, you know, I even go in there in the first place. Marks are like, check out what's going on there in their magic room. He currently being into a magic room. He was crawling around in there. But a nice clean hotel like the barbers on palace and they go in and just pass the cashiers, the stairs, go and take it downstairs, beautiful restrooms with nice, uh, uh, not even paper but like cloth towels, you know, little mini towel. They're really classy, very nice. So when nature is calling an Amsterdam, when your inner door about to give out, that's, that's the place to go. All they even always go into my dial and say, how did they're pet rad? Tent on the dam, right? 1056 and 560 QM, the show starts at a minute. You're supposed to be a rush. On 560, you're a... And... This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped abits by a fine-wine home meat cover. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Um, brains, real food for real people. I'm George W. Bush and I approve this message. It's common sense of rarely as the question asks, our is our children learn. Families are where our nation finds hope, where we stay trained. You're working hard to put food on your sand. Prison's like Abu Ghara, in my state of the United, our state, my state of the nation. I don't even want to call it a speech in the nation. No, they are almost uningoning in your trust. I'm honored to shake the hand of a brave, or act as citizen. We had his hand cut off by Saddam Hussein. You teach a child to read and hear her will be able to pass a literacy test. Our enemies are innovating and resourceful. And so a week, they never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and other people. And either do we. There's an old saying in Tennessee, and I was in Jackson, probably in Tennessee, but this is who we want. Same on you. Same on you. It's who we can't get fooled again. I hear those rumors on the internet. Too many good dots for getting out of business. Too many OBGYNs are unable to practice their their love with women all across this country. You're free and freedom is beautiful. And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos. And order. But we will. That's your show. Isn't that the administration? It's 11.01 happy Monday too. We just started to show officially right now. In case you're just doing it yet, expecting the show started 11 or five guests want. Mr. Nower. Well, man, it was a lot about. Yeah. Yeah. These want to talk about the great state, but instead most of the audience rather talk about public restrooms, at public's credible joints. But nevertheless, we killed a little, can I guess? So tomorrow we'll just sit on the in fact all week long. Yes, that's going to go on, right? Yeah. What's the holidays? You know, maybe he had an important employment for our Chinookas. I'm like that. There was our pool from Friday and over the weekend. And I'm going to apologize on behalf of Eric, who really screwed up big time according to Josh. Eric, who really screwed all of us over bad. You know, Saturday like I always do even though he was a little later in the evening. But nevertheless, it was like real late like two in a morning, really. I emailed my general bunch of great bedtime stories for our very prestigious website. And guess what? Yesterday I'm looking at our website all day long, 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock, noonish, 1 o'clock, and it's the same crap on air from Saturday. And I'm thinking of myself, what is going on here? So about five, I finally sent an email to Eric and Fatsoul last night. It about 904 response with his own email saying, oh, sorry about that. Uh, they're all up now. Not a clock last night. Now you know anything about that, dude. Josh? No, I don't. Here's the poll question from Friday. Who is the biggest seller? It was there a screw up on it. Who is the biggest seller? Colin Powell and John McCain were just in a death grip. Man, this was a great contest. Colin Powell 377, John McCain 357, only 20 votes out of over 1800. Almost 1900 votes. Tyler that are which is Ashman, Colin Powell wins by 20, both gigantic sellouts. And other talking about touting McCain for being there running for present in 2008, do you know how early he's going to be by then? Like 70, son of a bitch. Plus we don't need to have a present who's like right cheeky spawning off this face. Jesus God. Ricky, no seriously. He's like he looks like I know it's Kim O and skin cancer all night. He's bad. It's less he's full of crap. Another sellout. Ricky Williams 185 sold a team down the river. Ricky, he must have known what was coming. And if I have to see AJ touchy, feeling any more air, air, replay, air, replay, air, read desperate move. Like go when a player's over. He's like shaking his hand. He's a grabbing his ass. He's like, oh my, back. It's a physical game. Okay. It's a context sport, Mr. AJ. Get used to it. Especially with that great offensive line. Our Ricky Williams 185. Phil Henry 170 is strong forth. Are you sure Dennis Miller 142? Alex P. P. P. P. P. P. Kenya 96. John Terry 85. Zell Miller. Old Yahoo, Zell Miller from Joe Joe 83. Rudy Giuliani 79. I wonder how Rudy and Bernie Caracara doing this week. Wayne highs in the 74. Make up your mind, Wayne. Is it soup? Is it fruit? Is it cereal? What is it? You idiot? Condolize 56. Or condoliser. Like the guy who called in said. Big Morris 33. Mark McGrath. I think it's McGrath. 27. Steve came 25. Triple Zodiac in Zell voted for him. George Forman 24, which we like George Forman on a show. Everybody's got to have the lean mean grilling machine. What's wrong with George Forman? Like not getting his brains knocked on a more gone arm being like a TV celebrity, right? Is it good guy? Yeah, we like George Forman. And we like the lean mean grilling machine. Rick Riley 21. George Lucas 15. And Julie Rubin. Oh. Nine. We shall not be sure I understand what that means anyway. He is what he is. He's an Orthodox fanatic Jew. And now they want to prop him up to be the next 12-line security choice. Until they're probably going to find out. Probably Bush will get talked to the nominating him and then he'll find out he ate tray for once upon a time. Oh, that'll be the end of him. Rachel Hunter is on our beaded curtain today. Warren September I'm hoping it's the right one. This is the right one, isn't it? Warren September 9, 1960, now often, New Zealand. She's got a tattoo on her lower back of the beaded logo for her production company. Anyway, here's her biography briefly. Perfect, prognist. It's not out yet. You and your stupid mate for next year is complete but not the out next year. Larva, also for next year. El Padrino. Who else did we have on from El Padrino last week? Somebody, didn't we? I don't know. Yeah, we did. That's a good light house, redemption to ghost, Azze, Tendilum, Rockstar, Boys Club, and Carthor Park, winding roads. I just goes on and on. She was also on the, where is it? Oh yeah, Howard Stern show, a march to 22nd, 2004 and Jimmy Kimmel live and Howard Stern later, whatever. Okay, this time. I'll take a seat. Okay. It's not up for the great standards of the one we had there from Friday. Who was on Friday? Who was it? That'll bang. That'll bang. It's on my, yeah, back of our beaded. But boy, that was a good picture. I was from way back when she looked at really sensational. Here's the full question today. We need some help on this. Oh, by the way, eight more US soldiers that over the weekend, the Turtles 1289, if anybody cares, is anybody cared? Oh, now they lost count. What a week care, you know? They signed up for Dangerous, duty they're going to have to make do with a best day God. It's all the way over there, no one cares. Rum spell needs to be. He needs to be, I would say on Death Row by the end of the year. Which celebrity is most successful only because of his or her personal appearance? In other words, no talent. Now, I just started with a short list. I've let me change the pool, okay? We reach over here, click my thing. Which celebrity is most successful only because of personal appearance? Brittany, Brittany Spears, and Reke the Grisius, or Ascent Kuchikuchi Kuchir. Right? Now, wouldn't that be like most of Hollywood? Yeah. No. Okay. No, because when you come right out of it, for at number one, most of Hollywood are all like good looking to begin with. Now, you wouldn't say Brad Pitt is only successful. I mean, you could put him on there if you want, but what's in a while he can act? Not usually not, but what's in a while he's in a movie where he acts for the game? Not some good play. Yeah, he would be right. But he wouldn't be where he is if he wasn't some stud. Well, so put him on there. Okay. Put him on. That's the idea of the whole thing, which one is most successful because of the fact that they look good. In other words, if they had no good looks, they wouldn't be out there on a shoe shrine stand on the street corner. Right. Let's see. It says here on my, please, this has got to be from that Jackass neighbor, who's from the Ray Friedman guy. Please tell me that Jeff high is okay from the tobacco last week. You know he's a sick man needs a job. Don't pick out a screw you man. Screw you. You're crazy as he is. He's a sick man. He's sick all right. We're sick of him. And his devious lies in BS and throwing George and anybody else under the bus. What is bullcred. Don't ever come near that studio again, Jeff high. God, why hate him like he makes Todd Dreklokwood. How do you like that? Wow. He makes scary. That's what a piece of terror Jeff high is with his stories. Suicide bomber kills 13 and green zone gate. A suicide car bomber killed 13 people. The English to heavily fortified a re-incentral bag that housing the interim government US embassy and 7 US Marines died and come back to Western Iraq. They were killed yesterday in seven incidents in Anbar province. The fighting was the deadliest US forces since eight Marines were killed by a car by Mossad Faluja, October 30. In fact, that vehicle waiting in line to one of the greens on it's Western get exploded as a drug for the checkpoint of a police be saying. Dr. Mohamed Abdel Satara Baghdad's Yarmuk. Said 13 people were killed in 15 wounded in suicide last US military said there were no injuries among its troops in that one. But we lost eight more American troops over the weekend, bringing the grand total to 1289 almost 1300. No, okay. And nobody cares. Nobody gives a crap. Let's see. Here's, oh yeah. This facts is great because I forgot to. That's not the word. I don't think. Sorry, I missed that you're on Friday. The biggest salar was Pauli from the godfather. Remember Pauli? Yeah. In fact, I think we got, oh yeah, here it is. We actually have it. Oh, Pauli, don't see him. No one else. Yeah. See, one thing about Clemente, he didn't wait to go to the supermarket. He had to take a leak when he ran away to look for the mattress, place to the mattresses. So he just got out of the car and then bought a bank. That was the end of Pauli. Clemente was great. See, that would be a good pull. We've done a pull on who's your favorite character. So there's the phone. Keep going. Talk. Alright. See, the good movie's lately. I saw play. It was really bad. Did he? Yeah, I was surprised to be just the first. I don't know. The first two was the deal. Have a few versus. I have a few. Because that's the deal. That's why I want to see the bank thing. Zero. I don't like, or let it run on. Let it run on. Let it run on. Let it run on. No, it's very strong. Yeah, I'm a big fan of Justin. Here's the good news. Yeah. Let me do my spot. Which is time for the spot. Now anyway, and then I'm going to go down. In fact, what a bad time for a short break like that, you know. Right. And then when you come back, you can play like a long bid or you can confide. Really do whatever you do now. Because I got to go into my FedEx package. Okay. I mean, when you're packaged, you gotta go get your package. Okay. It's 11 past 11 at 5, 60 WCM, how they seasoned the ponder. And the folks that I'm strong for at home today, one of thank all their loyal customers for the business and trust. Everybody knows that Ford makes great vehicles to be competitive. Armstrong Ford realizes they need to offer more value. So Armstrong was the first four-day to offer you tires and batteries for like plus a Florida sun pass with each vehicle you be buying. Vice President and General Manager David Richen again. Also, I'm going to remind you that Armstrong Ford always has very competitive prices to, for example. Right now, drive away in a brand new 2005 F150 from just 13938 or no expedition, probably 24 190. Great prices at and value in friendly service. That's the Armstrong difference when you're ready for a new vehicle coming to the dealer that treats you just like family. Armstrong Ford homes did the Ritz Southwest 307 street US one exit a Campbell drive right off the turnpike. Prices include all factory rebates in discounts with a full credit plus tax tag and fees. Happy holidays to you from your good close piezons at Armstrong Ford of home steps. 4, this thing to meal, Roger. 4, this is the 115, 66, 60, or 2, 8, and. Business trip, rental hours we car all four tours or maybe three stops in adventurous one-tility and now four residents can say 10% of Florida on any daily weekly rentals. This kind of hell bad for some spending quarter location calls, 3, 0, 5, 8, 7, 1, 3, 0, 5, 3, the more information reservations, but it, get it ordinary. WQA Ab is proud to bring you the WQA abschool of broadcasting. Yes, you too, can have an arrest for your career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curricula, the courses free of course you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our director of education Mr. Lenny Marjaz. Wow, you want me a boy castor? Oh, a boy castor? Yeah, no. No, no, no, no, no. Bro, can you say news? No, no, no, no. You, you, you, you, you, you. How take you out of the door? You need help. Yeah, we have the door closed beginning course. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we. We don't behave. We have the recessive, no, we will. We don't behave. Wait, wait. Think of us as you go. We're going to do it. Go inside now. We're paying up to you. We're paying up to you. We're paying up to you. We're paying up. We're paying up to you. I know, baby, we have to hide. So I'll buy it to you, then. And I'll put me a book to when paying to what you need. You paid after me. And I, I want to do it. Go on. And I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. And go to the initial Madelgi one over. Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio. Ah, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the W2AM school of broadcasting provide you with the essentials you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true. I mean, a one-point truth. So I, I was saying, yeah, pretty quick work, huh? Welcome back. Yeah. Got my den in the near. Oh, got the new HCN and finally sure off and by the way, they're still using the DHL, which is why the gets here maybe laid if it all. Oh, and in the call Smith for the polls, says, before she turned into a blimp. Oh, look at this. Classical 13, 16 AM goes all talking to January. I'm sure I'll say the way I know about that. It's crap. I'm sure they're putting on the air. From another one of those networks in, you know, like some little town of Missouri somewhere in East Bumfort, Missouri. Jessica Simpson, somebody says, they are absolutely correct. But they're just saying one of the city of it. But they were creative, they used two or different sheets of, they want to put two on the same sheet. Oh, got it. Oh, here's an in the call for lead prod. Okay, so anyway, like I was saying, oh, probably, I'll see you at another one. So sorry, Mr. Shaw, I'm afraid the biggest sellout was Pauli. Pauli sold off the old man. It's trunc. There's that word again that, uh, Santino said in the got thought. Remember, it's trunc. We've been through this once before. It's not like a dirty word. I don't think it's like, uh, what does it really mean? And tell you, I was trunc. Somebody will call and tell us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So what do you guys do during the interview? Was that the whole bit you playing? That was it, man. That was it? Yeah. I'm pretty proud of myself. In fact, I'm so excited about that. Maybe what I should do is just take him's time out to the middle of the show and install the two Den and CB decks. So can let you guys confat me. Okay. Since you did such a great job. But I don't think so. Let's see. Brittany looks like nobody's going to touch Brittany. The first 38 votes he's already got. Not third man. Which celebrity is most successful only because of their personal appearance. Brittany's got 30. Uh, asked in Kuchi Kuchi. He's got five bread pit two and and Ricky's only got one. Oh, that or Ricky? He sure can sing. Line nine. WCWM. Hello. Yeah. Where's he been hiding? How do you get Ruth Chris? He's been forced to think. It's the winner time. You know how Barr is going over his and hibernate? Yeah. I understand that. That's what you do. I know you're not a big son of this place and I've eaten there and I wasn't a big thing either but slip them when one's piece. Not a good state play. Yeah. Yeah. There's a great place. And in the inapolis of the ever in the inapolis. We're trying to reason called saying almost. Ever come. I'm never going to go to the apples again. Sir. Okay. We're talking about places that people actually go and eat. Is it a great place in Bismarck if you're interested? Yeah. If you're in Bismarck, you're with a quota. Well, peer South Dakota. Or if you're listening to Gary Loppy or Loppy or whatever's name one. Jesus, what is with these people man? What is with their story? I have no right. WQN. Hello. Yes sir. Tell me a good word. 5.95. I think it's just around you. The university is so right there. Excellent. And then I yesterday the newspaper that a big article about our pop at a park. Yeah. And the slots and everything. Right. And the company that owns pop at a park is a big huge gambling. Right. The likes of Mississippi. Right. And I think what they're going to do is basically if the thoughts get approved. They're going to tear it down and do like a total brand new state and renovation. So I get the Sun Sun line. Who is on our page. I think it was free in the beast. Right. Like what they're doing at Gulfstream. Same thing. Sounds good to me, pal. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, you know who I would like to have called in something. Or maybe fast, but I know it'll never happen. And you guys, even because you both go to Vegas. Yeah. Damn right. And even though you're too masculine to play the slots. But I can't tell you that. Oh, honey like that. I always enjoy having to be on the show. No. At least you're at least see you're not insecure like George. George is like Cuban thing again. George is so impressed the fact he sounds fruity on the ear. The Bathees low. Yeah. But he's giving me this crap about what real men don't play a slots. It's only for old ladies and faggotts. Yeah. Yeah. I don't understand because I go out to wood by and all the time as you know. And there's like all kinds of people are young people. There's a you know, and there's a few are screemers. But mostly, or nerd pedestrian people plus a lot of smell of Europeans. Give me the wheel of fortune. I was so happy. There you go. That's my game. That's all I play. We'll fortune. Now what I was going to say and you probably would kill for this and so would the rest of us. There has to be somebody who knows who really understands. In other words, who's worked in a casino or who's even better than that. Know how they program them because from what I've read and it's like this big, secretive, mysterious thing. They could tell you, but they, they wouldn't see them anymore. Yeah. Well, for when I read is the all machines are programmed if the factory because most people have placed on machines. I'm not talking about once in a great while, like once a year in Vegas, but people have played them fairly regularly. Yeah. They assume that there's all these, they have all these different theories and if you hear the button on the wheel of fortune with the elbow, you would believe the things that I've seen. You know, the guy's sitting in the button with his elbow. And then if there's something you do what's going to change, seeing, I don't believe any of that because to me when it's computer program, there's the random number generated that determines the combination it's going to come up every time you hit the button. Right. But other than that, the payout of the machine is already programmed at the factory. It's all regulated. No, I understand. Oh, that. We know that, but I'm talking about the, the ends in the outs of the house and the wise and the wherefore. You see what I'm saying? Right. And then, of course, there are loose machines and there are tight machines and all of the other stuff. So I just mentioned that, and I hope that maybe somewhere along the line somebody actually knows the mechanism of programming these slots, especially with a fortune would like you know, either call or fax in. What do you church it don't you think that would be great? Awesome. Get a little inside edge man. Get the edge. They've already got now at least in Vegas. They post the payouts, you know, 97% this this is a carousel pay 98% because you know, as you have like at the tracks like here, we're by, they don't they don't give you any percentage, which I'm thinking what their payout is probably. But pretty low, but pretty low. So you play wheel of fortune. Heck yeah. So besides being fat and Jewish and we do have something in common air, love wheel of fortune, which is probably the worst game to play. It's a sucker game. I'm sure that. But that wheel goes man. You're just, you know, smiling. Are you really? Until it hits 25. Now you play in dollars, I'm assuming. You know, what depends on how risk you want to get. Yeah. I sure know. The order. The order. The order. You're playing. If I QA, I'm going to punch like you. Well, you're focusing on the big bucks. Tell me you want 20 30 grand to go to Vegas where we can. That's right. My dad played a five hour machines like I do, baby. Pamela boobs a lot Anderson for the pull. That's an excellent choice. She didn't have what she's got. She wouldn't know if it would have taken a second look at that bitch. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on a variety of singular wireless lines. Wouldn't it be great to be able to have the inside information the edge to have some clue? And just say to hold with everybody and just go out to the casino every day and like a 1, 15, 20 grand a week. Right? Tax free. How standing? W to QA and hello. Good afternoon. Sir, good evening. Reporting on a very nice steakhouse and Brooklyn, the Peter Luger steakhouse. Right. Love their steak sauce, by never eaten it. It's good. If there's rice, beef steak tomato and the big slice onion, uh, then generally with Hanukkah, uh, here are you going to be getting a new wardrobe by any chance. Oh, this is the wardrobe, Gaggan. Yes, man. In fact, I'm waiting for you for you to send it so that I come over to you waiting for me. When I see you at Compano, Harvest at the 595's to get you dinner. Okay. I'll see you then. Okay. I'll see you. Wow. That's the guy that's worried about my wardrobe, okay? For all of you, that's all he ever. In fact, this is the first time I think in history that he's ever called to show anything else to offer. Like I said, we don't care about steakhouses in New York. Go back to New York, please. Pretty please. Go back to Westbury to Roosevelt Raceway. It's just a bunch of condos now, but just to think about the past. You and Jackie Lee. Go back to Roosevelt. Come on. It is good though, Peter Luger. I'm sure it is. They got the shirt. So, you need to put it in. Let's go. And then I'll get it. Okay. I'll tell you that the next time I have a show, I'll tell you that the best thing I do is I'll make sauce. Of course, the problem with our steak sauce is it's got sure when it's why I taste so great. People of my dad dips the bread. He pours on the tomatoes. Yeah. I already even see. When we know him, maybe. First of all, he stands on his pitch stops at publics. See, I learned something I'll read today. I really did. You could've just blown me away with that whole idea. The fact that other people are verifying it. 26 after 11 at 5, 60W can have some places are good like to stop and do a pit stop and they just don't buy anything there. Public release definitely business and you go about shopping because it's a nice and a pleasure shopping at publics. But like when this you might want to go in and stop and take a dump there but you sure someone want to go. Hey when you shop here's a place that you're going to love and I don't think they have a public right. That's to go with grannies. See now you've picked our curiosity everybody's if I'm shopping at Brandy's nature is gone and they're going to let me I'm sure if you're you know mentioned this show. See Neil told me that you got a really beautiful spanking brand new nice clean restaurant. Tell that you know. So you think sure to bring your own paper. Oh, you know when will you get started? When will you shop your start singing even star track fans start buying ear plugs and now they'll be trying to escape that warp speed from his new holiday album William Shattner Warp Christmas on the first day of Christmas by true home being that to me a triple in a pantry get that thing out of there Mr. Sulu William Shattner Warp Christmas is filled with beloved eulitide songs destroyed as only Captain Kirk can destroy them. Oh, you know. If you want to explore our really strange new world of Christmas listen to what William Shattner does to jolly old St. Nicholas. Scallion old Memphis boss. William why did he as this one don't you tell a single soul. God, I'm going to say we're totally surrounded by fraudulent or some kids. The holiday CD that will make you want to sit your phaser on kill William Shattner Warp Christmas. Number 32 I just had a call from Fat Rich my close personal friend all the fan people run a stick together. He was emailing me the information I was looking for of an only a link to an article about this stuff. This lots the slots. What can you a faction my way? Yeah, for about 10 grand your folks how much money your folks got about 10 million. No come on come on few million they got an millions. Get out of here your folks your families loaded were discovered middle class people Get out of here your families got more money than Jesus. Can be a break anyway like you know for the right price I would yeah, but see the problem you is because you're a big mouth and that's the problem really anymore. It's like when somebody gives you a tip of the track the last person you want to tell somebody with a big mouth you see what I'm saying because right away pop pop pop pop I'm out there and all of a sudden no horse was going to be six to one now it's like three to five by post time you just you don't want to like spread information like that around a big mouth because all of a sudden you're all of value and your knowledge is gone scouts other I will say diluted well this I'll take a look at what it is I'll share with you I'll see how's that pull coming first of all believe it when I see it anyway because I don't think there are any secrets if there were to be like a lot of rich people who wouldn't be working just sitting playing slots all day right probably but you are you I mean if you spend as much time as I do out there and saw the people with their and they've all got these theories and there's a one woman play next to me the other and she says oh they're watching me they're watching she really believes I mean there's 1700 machines it would buy in there in the casino right 1700 and somehow she believes just like the people with God well God is listening to me well boy he must be busy because there's six seven billion people on a planet and they're all bump up about would God you know he must have like a whole bunch of ears he must have good hearing the I of the sky man until it must be it the Allen Parsons project but at any right what they were just talking about oh yeah she believes that they're watching her and she says oh and out they won't let me get any more money on my ATM cards they know what's me and they want I mean well talk about but I don't like that and then she sitting there for she poured $2,000 plus was she lost every dime of it by the way and it were a dollar machine right next to me yeah and this loser actually oh I'm not worried because I know that it's the running the same program over that they were running early right I know as sir it's gone look at 400 here and she kept telling me how much she was gonna get the only promise it never happened oh because she really has the crazy person she really believes that the program just keeps repeating itself the you know the computer program and random number of jerky which of course it does not because if if it did that it would be just a card counting anybody could win a dad that she didn't even believe in UFOs too I'm sure that that's that's where they're watching her she says oh if I just have one of those cards you know how if you had the card and by the way anybody that plays in a casino slots regular get the card I just think that was for old ladies and silly I don't know that's benefits you bet you I just cast 600 bucks in now for my Prince the other day yeah you bet you but anyway she's she this one was convinced oh I don't have a card if I just can have one of those cards then I would let me win yeah and I said to her I said putting the card in there doesn't affect the computer don't you understand I mean I wasn't getting aggravated on the outwardly but inside you know because some of these people oh and somebody smashed one of the five hour machines you know the glass on the front yeah stay just smashed it and you see people hitting the machine but somebody really got a little creative went but I'm being just smashed the crap out of it smashed the glass and it's kind of dark right now pizza career targeted answered and six zone just as the 30s of us that a Moroccan man last month after receiving a tip off that Islamic extremist word allegedly pending an attack on the red light district and answered that was important on Friday oh my god that wow so you perverts out there like me who hang on the red light district and answered them down there by the root of gasoline or whatever that street is the home most about you better watch it the pizza delivery career allegedly conducted reconnaissance of the capital's prostitutions zone by writing to the array during work hours on his scooter what if he knows scooter liby he was arrested November 5 on my birthday unless you see how there's something symbolic about that the newspaper did telegraph described him as a radical Moroccan pizza career what is more Moroccans and Algerians in all over the place friends and in needle on all over Zidin's them the national detectives unit was alerted at the supposed attack plan by three anonymous emails the first of which is received September 14 emails dated September 27 on October 11 gave further details of the suspect that addresses the emails warned that terrorists and Amsterdam east were plotting an attack on the fallen area and answered them the telegraph said Muslim extremists the paper said religiously furious at the lack of morals at the prostitutions zone dressed as authorities took the tips very seriously right to the pizza delivery at the nasser mosque in the syllabus throughout in Amsterdam east syllabus throughout the man has been identified as 20 world Amsterdam resident of Moroccan descent belal el al alias abu kadata there's a level these a Muslim names they're pretty cool they're beautiful el plus a lot of the football names are two are beautiful thing motion you're on it right el was allegedly in contact with Syrian redown al isa fugitive leader of the terror group main city group the Syrian was in legal immigrant and the needle lines and gave Quran lessons in the home of Muhammad b the suspected murder or filmmaker the ovan go b is also member of the main city group the email stand the Syrian was involved in plans to attack the red light district of another target with the Dutch parliament in the haig in den haig el is alleged to have brought equipment needed to carry out the attack el also reportedly is being held for threatening right wing independent MP grit builders the MP's life has been repeatedly threatened because of his trenchant criticism of Islam or you can't the main city group which consists mainly of Muslims of north african descent has been kept under surveillance by the Dutch intelligence since the summer 2002 summer a or that summer year a who's been held on suspicion was fighting in tech in skippel airport and Amsterdam but that's prominent and a defense ministry is also member of the group who's believed to be in contact with the suspected killer of an gold not the painter of the apologitian got it got it so i guess you're not going to be hanging in the red light district and umstit on many times soon never be there this story this i better take a call or two because we got to do the break about the protestors complaining about the lack of the activity scenes anything i hate to say but i think they got a point you know what i mean yeah no serious like if you're going to put up a manure can't a horror then you don't have to put up a christmas stuff what's good for the jews is good for in gander they put up the uh train all that stuff in the malls yeah this well so we'll get to the story okay i mean i can argue with it because i'm not uh hanging out in those doing these days with sorts of touchcars and stuff yeah but the house or i yeah so to hell with all these glam is what you're trying to say is that what you're saying to hell with the glam you're not going to get very far in this world saying that beast so go ahead should go you got it yeah and cut the joutalk 21 till noon we got the mad dog at you we got to a hopper hang goberg and we go over get to four and then we got things start going downhill fast you got this y'all the smokey bones and plantations seven to ten eighty k picks it back up it's the pace of a little bit of ten with the odds on the ins and the odds i've actually can't know something about that all i'm sure our real guy like him doesn't miss around with slot machines right now now are you see in that station what's the part of time when we had done a bee and we had uh i forget some of those other stuff still got to see hey can't all those guys condition to be professional degenerate gangler oh either and right oh yeah now you ever get sucked into that all your problems we were all the computer like uh computer the world every time he's self-overing they'd run a grab it to see which bookie was online next you know yeah so they're all bet in every ball game it's even little league games which I thought was a little bit over the top cricket right squash curling stuff like that but uh the fact that you're betting slots you see is so out of character with a community that's a good sign maybe making some progress now Josh never play a slot machine no cover no I just no you've never put one coin you've been in Vegas how can you go to Vegas and not play a slot machine I understand everybody's got their favorites and like we left they like crafts they like uh black to act which two two slow and pottery we're not so okay but black check is so pond was in slow but see how do you see I would rather see I play blackjack like I just don't want to sit there and you know bank the thing and just sit there I'd rather go to a table I beg your pardon you what I guess you didn't give the memo huh I said you want to sit there in the bank the thing is what he said it just seems rather rather dull to me I'd rather well maybe in your case it is I guarantee if you put in like a hundred bucks in a wheel of fortune machine and you got hey if I won I'd love it and you had a spin and you got a 500 bucks or a thousand for your hundred bucks you you'd be you'd become uh and take it like two minutes to become a regular that right yeah you wouldn't you would see you just go along with your just because so you happen he happens to be there I don't have anything against I have a lot of people that have won money and slot right I just I don't know I just throw a sample yesterday I was I was there for two hours mainly went out for the free brunch which is another nice benefit of having that card took a friend out we had the free brunch I spent a little bit of time the five dollar machine a little bit of the dot one thirteen hundred bucks now naturally I lose my ass most of the time but in two hours to make thirteen ever could you handle that I can score then you could pay the six years at q a m right true yeah little bit of luck now let me just warn you people out there because we are gonna have these slots the five dollar machines are not for a people with a you know weak stomach okay even a heavy hit or like me gets real nervous sitting there tool you know I'm saying you can lose so you're on real fortune you're playing ten bucks a poll baby talk about pulling it ten bucks to play you could lose I would say you could lose a granted about ten minutes ten minutes you know most of the wheel of fortune machines at least the dollars on the quarters you have to you have to play three coins in order to get anything that's the dollar machine right the five dollar machine fine hour to who coin this is ten bucks you ever played a five dollar machine no don't 18 till noon at five sixty w q a m do you want no more about following a low carb diet if you want the best tasting bigger selection of delicious stuff that will keep you on your low carb diet and keep you losing that weight whether you're on the acens the sugar muskies the south beach or the seafood that like beast the place you've been a love shopping is the lights of west spoke of which continues to be in husband for years now the number one low carb store in south sort of there are other imitators but nobody's got to select that you'll find it the lights and nobody has the knowledgeable staff that knows a low carb body inside and out like our friends at the lights of west spoke of i mean you can get your meat and cheese and your basics at your supermarket but you might all the other tasty stuff to keep you on that straight narrow path the lights is perfect for it because you'll find over 1200 delicious products like carb like ice cream breads pasta choppets brownies even cookies and lots more all low carb all designed perfect to keep you on at low carb diet the lights is open every day the week seven days from ten and a until ten p.m. and you'll find them on the northeastern of blaze in 441 right next to boistern market or call them full free one eight seven seven low carb l.o.w c.a.r. b. around the web it's low carb dot com don't forget there's only one delight to west spoke in it's your official atkins retail centers you're listening to me all right bad shit guy if goes or chances are you'll find an amazing offense after war for sale you'd be amazed at some of the things that are left lying around after a war crazy octb. and his dedicated staff of family members have gathered enough arms and equipment to start your very own war at the low black market prices here's crazy octb. himself with this week's amazing bargain full of must be crazy just look at these tanks or be beneath one time and can still be useful under your hand some steel plateing a blood clean up kids and it will be good is no a must for the women's rest i will try to for your hot steel oh I must be crazy see how easy it is to do business with octb. remember if it goes or you'll find it at crazy octb. after war for sale got some bad news for here in the second 14 bill noon which celebrity is most successful only because of personal appearance Britney Spears 64 and a cool 28 panel Anderson 18 asked in cookie kuchir 15 district assumption 13 Brad Pitt 4 and we k2 out of 144 we need to get a lot more names on a poll but bad news i just got that which is email yeah and unfortunately i thought rich you know new somebody like personal or had some insight information or had the two over the one seven four and a five broke at the start and yet but uh i'd rather bet on medium told him than pay attention to his john robis and i read all of his stuff he writes for publication called casino city times and he he writes this stuff he doesn't say anything he doesn't tell you anything oh show we just done a year it's not a secret it's you know i've seen this while i was looking for it's like some info aside info from somebody who actually works either in programming machines or works inside a casino follow them saying i told you they can't say anything this guy writes a column called as the sladd expert and i've looked up this stuff and i've read his stuff and it just and maybe this is the one maybe this is going to be the inside info i don't think so asked the spot expert thought hit frequency and rng your john is there any way to determine the hit frequency of a particular machine without playing machine to are the newer video electronic machines programming differently was the functioning of the rng the random number generated the same as an older online mechanical slot thanks advanced sj drsj and jashkin established of this because you know he's interested in slots well not not something she's drsj no unless you have the par sheet which is the document on file the casino and at the regulators that the scrap child machine is programmed there's no way to know the hit frequency of a slot machine without playing it a thousand spins is enough to give you a fairly accurate estimate for a thousand spins so it was on a dollar dollar machine if you're playing three coins it would be like three grand we'll tell you yeah yeah i'll let you check it out too i'm going to take the opportunity to discuss some bits about the rng you and my answer this question okay ready strapped yourself in because this is supposedly the inside stuff that my friend fat rich was gonna get i thought rich news somebody the way the frantic call i but beat but it would please you know good intentions yeah i'd rather bet on donald brainer than this guy the rng in a video slot can be identical to the rng in a real spiny slot and even one in the video polka machine the only purpose of the rng the random number generator is to generate a stream of random numbers the programs knows different machines however may do different things with the stream of numbers in other words they may right the program in a real spitting slot for example we'll take one or more numbers from that stream and take the number take that number or numbers tell the program which stops will end on the pay line do you understand that yeah i have no idea what that said actually it is an intermediate step on most machines the random number chooses a virtual stop from the virtual real which exists only the machines programming the virtual real has many more stops on it than the physical real the virtual real is used to make some physical stops less likely land on the pay line than others the virtual real is what makes the odds of landing a megabucks symbol on the pay line one out of about 360 instead of one about out of 122 a common misconception is that some rngs are loose in the other's and casino has to change the rng the loose in the machine not true to all through the payback on machine they changed the way the virtual real is math of the physical real the rng stays the same did you understand that no i don't either in a video slot there's no need for this intermediate step with his called something tell me a smapping because there's no physical real the real on a video slot can be just as large as the program is wanted to be just as with the program in a real spiny slot the program in a video slot is the output from the rng to choose which stop the land on the pay line and the rng algorithm itself can be an integral to one order it says absolutely nothing there is nothing there thanks rich his intentions were good but you know so is uh some other people we need some guy from MIT to call right we need somebody who like and you can only imagine a kind of people have programmed that created these programs for these things where geniuses they must have been probably because you know as well as I do that one of the most frequent things that happen it's part of psychology of being people to keep playing slot machines is the big tease you know I'm talking about oh yeah in other words you'll get triple bar triple bar and then the five times will be up above one is to say it which is what the line which might as well have been all blank because it's you see what I'm saying but what we think oh I just came so close you didn't come close you there's no such thing as close in slot machines you do you hit it or it's like you might as well I had all blind clients right but it's part of the psychology to make you keep playing it all I'm getting really close but give her notice when you're almost down to your last drop you always hit just a little something right just to keep you go I can't tell you the number of times have been on the last three credits in a machine all of a sudden there's a spin comes up on the last three credits very often and then you spin it there's like 30 you know but third man and that is a person twenty seconds he's not a crap here's a fact from Todd who's got the tiniest writing ever seen I have no idea what you're talking about Todd it says you're biggest fan three to sixty five pounds could you please play the bit where you and George are in the future broadcasting from another planet that Bocke Brian is a genius well Bocke Brian is a Venus by the way thanks Bocke for those useless DVDs you sent me for a Christmas he sends me a rocky and boldly couple second season and the naked city the TV series with the rubber do-vol and a whole bunch of other good people I'll watch him someday the thanks Brian but I don't know what do you know what did he talking about I don't idea no I don't know if he's maybe Brian will call it or not and of course they just call it an answer five six seven oh five sixty we apologize for getting off on his lots of but we thought we had like some really good inside scoop there I think the only scoop you're gonna find is a wonder of public's do you want to be a QA and hello hi new or you okay sir you love your American Corvette you're American money but you come out you're ass okay I don't like my chronic human cars you like your American you have a listen let me tell you something one thing I don't need from you or any other punk is instructions on life okay what's going on in America they makes me nauseous makes me want to put my guts out and by the way I got two provis loser five six seven oh five sixty I hope you and your boyfriend's have a good one to date noon in fact it's only seven minutes away all right get a firm grip on life time five sixty under Verizon singular wireless lines let's get to more names on his pool what celebrity is most successful only because of personal affairs I only got a few names on there we need a whole bunch more not turn the man and then we need to find out about more see the thing you said about Ruth Chris is so intolerable to me so unacceptable because the one here is so sensational I mean you can't get a better stake I don't care where you would go it's impossible impossible you would never try the camera I don't care I'm not interested look there's certain things that are so good you know just can't be any better you see what I'm saying okay it's like to picture on ITV there are all these people are pooping oh yeah well let things up so leave and Sam song you know that was good the old kibba dao jvc is better at what I'm real happy with it in fact I watched the whole game last night in HD was a phenomenal thing different strokes for if they're regretting they're inspected what's the name of going to quarterback right on ahead right Patrick Ramsay exactly Patrick Ramsay oh my god what what is this kid thinking see this business about and every now and then he throw a great pass or give a good the receiver was wide open he thought he just nailed it right in there was great but when a pressure was on man you could just know some bonehead thing was gonna have like right there did begin pretty good game pretty weak performance by Philadelphia yeah WQA and hello hello I got a name for your pole yes sir J. Hope J. Hope okay it's a good one J. Lo you got it J. Hope with the big fan of the back home for a look at her fan ass without that she ain't Schmidt she can say get out of here she's gonna have Selena Cruz WQA and hello why there WQA and hello yes sir hey what's up I've been trying to get all of you for days I know there's statements not gonna come out of the shock but I don't understand what that heck is going on at your radio station yeah what a shock no listen for real at your new promos that you're playing do you know that they have a farting sound at the end of them no if you got to be kidding me like the one we talk about people that are liars and all that I know that's not a fourth that's your raspberry no no no no no no it's your it's a be a far from now it's your raspberry but at a few seriously have you heard it no you got to listen to it off here or whatever they've been a listen to it you think I listen to this radio station when I'm not on but I don't what is it with that station Joyce it's all Joyce man she's uh delusional it's unbelievable and they play every time every time here and I go old it's the fake a play at their how come you can't play it the button you can't do anything okay I'm a bad guy now oh I know you're a new you know you love your American Corvette and that's right that's why that guy's listening because I'm a turncoat and I'm a turncoat on a most of the year and I'm having a great life and I'm enjoying it and he's not satisfied with that because he's a loser but he's listening every day of course he has done it off just had to do it off just like to guy what am I gonna have my new outfit at top of the park I'm coming in a burlap sack just with that guy hey that that place pop it apart man wow don't they pay paleo case about to knock my eyes see there's another guy loses it to track he wants to knock me for don't bet on my mom told him I'm telling don't no take any attention fair rich I'm so depressed I mean I thought he really had we had something you know inside I spent a lot of time on the internet trying to find articles it's all they're all trying to set you something they got these books they got these pamphlets they got this crap even download it's all baloney it's all baloney the people are really had that information they're not talking to us it's a secret for turkey man exactly and they're probably under penalty a death and I'm gonna give out that info Jesus how much you does no speaking a uh defo yeah he probably knows no he's got that close contact what is good friends the engine the engines they know all about that stuff what was funny slots there run three minutes till noon mad dog is on that in fact mad dogs putting a free tough week to this week at least it's written in four days this week little heavy duty all right now let's see now it's next Monday night the golf and paid for your game right yes oh man what are you taking off right even though it's a home game oh man he knew imagine the pills you're gonna have to pop that way for that performance by the dolphins wow in fact he's probably checking out the sense of the public's restrooms right now to get ready to drop do that drop it again oh man dolphins must have been here maybe it was uh what a Norman bates 1157 at five sixty w qa me've heard me talk about dry concepts for a years now I've been using them in my homes for over 20 years and I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else to have my carpeting in my post-green furniture all looking just with a holiday so you got all those pain in the ass and vaiders in your home when the holidays are finished right this number down on a pad on your wrist on uh the t-room wall somewhere because believe me you want to have dry concepts coming after the holidays and restore your home to look and just like brand new again even the dirtiest carpet they can make look like brand new with their exclusive patented dry cleaning method that sucks out the dirt from weight on there in the five years your carpets called dry concepts today and don't forget when they do clean your carpets are drying an hour and a half they smell any fresh and you're ready to rock and roll again calm tool free from daydry out in the palm beaches and don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price up front soon after we're about scams either when they finish the job 1-800-248-5071 they guarantee a spectacular job every time whether it's your carpeting your furniture your drape for your expensive area rugs and area rugs all of these things 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked web at dryconcepts.com dry concepts making carpets clean and saw photos since 1979. you there just how do you like that wow that rich again that's my phone a Jesus rich he you crazy for a fact you are crazy people I should know the phone rings again I run in the other room I have no idea how much time is left in the break and there's but I mean but I'm not gonna as a mathematician it makes sense and I'm not great I'll talk to you about it at pop and o park with my new wardrobe right now this is generally low piss I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back on my nipples and that's one I listen to the needle ratters 12-2-1 hour twice the night before Christmas the whole house was narrow not a creature with spirit this had my gun under the pillow when I found a roof I heard something go I'm gonna shut the oven up show y'all yo keep it up when what do my wonder and I should appear but the dawn of all else any frigid reindeer with a slotted a scouts and a young young man you curse me shall be the one that my name your tone your friend your joey your veto a boy he been a miracle a widow with respect back back here and a red silk suit dawn Christopher was here any brock the loop as I drew out my gun and hit by the bed he flew through the wind and slapped me upside the head what the hell you're gonna go no all you get in his coal you friggin moron then point in a finger right up my nose he pushed for this pinky rain and up the chimney he wrote let me hide him yellow what I least expect me married friggin Christmas tomorrow and your better show some respect I want to make them all for him I'm sure that okay don't be call me again until that to two o'clock where it's your hopefully tell you at home Jesus blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah he's he must be in a row with remember these days now here's the story that I was still trying to get to about a half an hour ago till you side tracked me with that slots up and we look fortune sorry no and listen at that it's gonna be very timely when we get the slots and all the tracks in a few months which it is gonna happen the election of martial past overwhelming and maiden-brower and we'll have this stuff uh I would say by the end of the year next year maybe I'll go play a couple yeah I mean well I don't understand how could I don't get I don't relate to that I can understand going anywhere that would be like if all the times I've been to Vegas if I never would have put the only game I've never played was craft so I'll they don't have any publics is out there because I don't understand it yeah I don't know it's rather confusing now blacks yeah yes I played black jack I want some money to play black jack but it's boring to me it's just I was boring it's slow I'm gonna tell you right now see you're asking the question of it's so ridiculous are you kidding me you know you're out of table you play it like four other people when was the last time you won $4,000 playing black jack I've never won $4,000 okay two weeks ago I'm sitting in the dollar wheel if I mean this is boring why do we get off on this the people don't care about you but you're losing in the grand scheme it's a sure of course I'm not gonna tell you all that people are gonna win gambling that of course not but I'm just telling you you have better not you're losing play or two what you're losing also right but you have better actually I'm not you listen to me yeah dollar machine I'm playing put in a hundred dollars I get a spend $500 on the wheel okay I'm playing with their money with a house money here comes five times wheel of Fortune five times four thousand dollars to do walk away yes I did I walk away no I sat there and tons of all that of course I don't know if you wouldn't know he handed me that cash I flew out of there I put the blinders on I didn't see the right to the left all I saw was where's the cab and give me out of here of course I will ran I didn't walk away ran away now you're not coming that's that's not as exciting as sitting there playing black jack like a 21 a black jack how exciting is that unless of course you're playing heavy heavy you know hands which you're not right no not really I was at the $10 table who like I said for little puts like you that's not bad big time try it I'm not trying to convince him because you could lose all your money too and I mean I see some people out there oh brother I don't want to go into all the stores I could write a book but like I think it all about what you have the best odds it's about what you have the most fun doing because you're gonna in the long when you're gonna lose your ass anyway anybody with a brain knows that right now if you're a card counter and you want to play black jack what do you think they kick the card counters out in most casinos they don't want you to win don't you get it yeah get it I mean if you they're gonna kick you out and if you like put on the sky sneak you way back in then they'll break your legs even though we know the mob is not gambling in it I'll never less okay let's get off of that crap because it's very pond where's and I don't have any answers or any secrets and nobody's gonna call in give us any information because you know somebody will make them an offer they can't refuse if malls displayed Jewish menoras they should all this also display christian activity scenes protesters at the brouard and fashion malls said yesterday the brouard mall in the fashion mall the group of about 35 people accused of shopping centers and their anchor stores macy's and birdines of exhibiting a double stand when comes from religious symbols during the holidays while both malls display menoras for Hanukkah oh they don't put up in the activity scenes for christmas and they should have court of this group now wait a minute but they I'm sure they put up a christmas tree right yeah they got it christmas is about the birth of yeah see here's here's the deal I take back what I said earlier christmas is about the birth of christ this is what should be recognized not christmas trees and Santa Claus said land tourist a person or the nearby same Gregory's Catholic church in plantation the decrystallization of christmas is a travesty well guess what you're shopping mall isn't a place of worship okay you jackass you silly person you for talk about people looking to make a barmanor is just a decorative thing okay it symbolizes the the oil burn for whatever the eight days whatever but it's not a big deal it's not a religious symbol it's not like a star a David the activity scene is a specifically religious deal okay it were as a christmas tree in Santa Claus are like a represent the christmas season but our a religious significance because the christmas tree and Santa Claus have nothing to do with christmas with original concept with the birth of Jesus so the Hanukkah commemorates it well it goes on well you know that inside barred wall on Sunday and manure stood next to the custom resurface area the our manager Carl woodward said it's against small policy display religious symbol such as the activity scenes but the manure does violate policy because it's a celebration of a battle not a religious event he said but I'm not Jewish so I don't really know a lot about it yet it will get with a Carl at bird eye and charling Gibson who obviously with a name like that into a shooter a system manager of operation administration referred questions to public relations manager wouldn't be available till today and put it out to store his activity scenes on sale in other words you want to buy and visit the scene great go put it in front of your own house okay officials at the fashion wall in macy couldn't be reached for comedy yesterday but a customer service employees said there was no activity scene on display in security guards at a manure that was on display was taken down this weekend for repairs not to pass the day in our firm any fanatical golem but because they need to be fixed how do you break them in aura probably the same way that got broke that five dollar slot machine yeah tourists at US merchants make billions of dollars from the christmas holiday annually you have to be able to recognize the reason for the season he and fellow first and there's still the intersection of the university grab and brought full of hardwood signs that read macy's bird eyes refused the activity scenes and brought more bird eyes insults to the 40 million christians they called for christian shopper to boycott the malls and federated apartments to a zone of macy's bird eyes and blooming dales some drivers hot dog crossing intersection helping to fuel the movement to bring Jesus back to christmas has to be reported what is going on our show up to a friend's lately aren't they to get bush in there again yeah they're just they're working over time because they just are intolerant won't leave everybody also long okay go and click your religion on somebody else go over to Iraq and give them an infusion of your good time of religion organizers had copies of a colabic conservative commentator bill orally the clean christmas is under siege by the growing forces of secularism in America survey show that more than 90 percent of america and celebrate the federal holiday of christmas orally roan is the seven nine column despite that overwhelming number the tradition of christmas in America continues to get hammered hammered right even he's Jewish the protest is said that they would demonstrate in front of the two malls again next Saturday in Sunday the last week it could be for christmas the issue is recurring one in south Florida most recently in December of last year a woman in bay harbour islands began fasting to force tally to put up a christian holiday decoration equivalent to the stars of david minority directed on the broad causeway but a star david in the long there see the minority's another thing star david zave do thing right say get that star david out sent it over to a real shirone haven't tasted on that romance which believe me there's plenty control a bunch of money for the fan asked i he makes you look like uh many miles that's what a big fan asked he is seriously he's just enormous thought can you imagine a man of a halava he's eaten they probably bring him by the gross the potato pancakes for a hontica he's eaten like is by the gross aerial shirone oil but it is the holiday season when every it's the spirit of halades when everybody hates each other like poison now what is halava what is that oh it's a jewish candy it's like uh it's like you know ever see a cardboard box that's what that's what it tastes like two e-carbord yeah it's like two e-carbord it's got that i don't have a scrap of like the texture of it is like a gritty so they're like uh it feels like paper in your mouth when you've been it it feels like you ate the wrapper probably the only kind of like sweet thing that makes you feel like you ate the wrapper too got it thousand times stay away from the halava all the year jiu-fu that's the one you don't want to try well there's several of them but there's a lot of good stuff man motion coral remember it's fatso do you see fatso no you haven't seen fatso i that's the funny boy my god when he starts going on about lotion coral he starts breathing so hard he's gonna have a stroke of all and i forget about network even though i'm glad you saw that trust me when i tell you next assignment you've got to you'll you will pee in your pants i have like let's eat today fan so dumb bellies and bang cross i'm tanya okay love it i trust me anyway not i'll stay here's the fact i never knew who lanymartez wasn't till this week any was i'm with Curtis why that's my one question Curtis does a fine job but we keep putting lanymartez on here i guess it's our way of punishing the audience for the holidays he can't speak English if that's what he's trying to do it's so bad and it's funny and it's said way and he's camp he's camping out i can picture the coolest Greg we're listening to lanym feeling comfortable with the town on his radio station hey that's the same guy to put the crew on here keep in mind did lanyson and his demo tape to qm and then when this goes on and by the way enjoy the 14 minutes for our hankers on the afternoon yati yati yati i just sit back and enjoy the free okay enjoy the entertainment and quick complain all the time talk about me whining that's the south photo for my wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha wha by the way for everybody who listens will send you like thousands of dollars in cash too not for just pretend this pretend we're paying you by the minute the price is right that's that's a one thing you say about this station we may have a lot of crap on here but it's free and just sit back and enjoy it and hail it crell with it. 12 minutes passed noon at 5.60 but this is going to be like a marathon today sure hope i'll how we're gonna have any appointment tomorrow i wouldn't be nice if we had his life personal schedule yeah but we don't so that we can know ahead of time when he's of course that would make it quite as much fun so we could just see her kind of talk and i'll say bye stand by 90 second ferretty i never dreamed in my life and all the years i've been doing this in 800 years i've been doing this crap i never dreamed that there could be such a situation stand by what but it's like seven minutes till 10 we're not even supposed to be on yet 12 13 and Q i am we were question on this is on this episode of our children's 14 9 we live life when the center be committed to life oh i guess tonight is on a door they don't mention Christmas in that's over our holiday is really such a for a five number of i all we get to flight is on a door they don't mention Christmas in that's over our holiday is really such a for a five number of i think so high for us to go shopping we don't know when time appears happening what is our date are we too late you can almost hear them go you're on what are we supposed to do so you think it seems to be yet yet when we only pay all day all we get to the night is on a door they don't mention Christmas in that's over our holiday is really such a for a night of the door boy all we get to night is on a door they don't mention Christmas in that's all about our holiday is really such a for a night of the door boy and don't forget this is a fact in the church right got a Christmas card from that one again is your George tells me yeah we're the phone number why don't we come the answer is oh no i don't have dinner with the crazy people we're talking about a phone okay but this story that i just read about the Howard Moll and about birdines and this stuff here's another classic example of how religion creates this tremendous hate just just one more of millions of examples of how it divides people my my chat keys are more important than yours are mine are more so more people believe in my favorite to big deal okay i'm really impressed not who cares five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty univerrison singular wireless lines we're talking about great stake and toilets why it's a great if you're going to be eating in a great stake house you certainly got a one and i will say this it was christian for a lot of mail yeah when you go into when they open at five because i like the dinner early because in that way you don't have all this pain they ask people in there and you get you know nice table it's not crowded good service when you go in there five when if we're so open up they have the fresh ice in the urinals you know so when you go in to take a leak there is there are a few things more exciting in life and taking a pee on fresh ice in the urinal i have to agree yeah you've done it yeah i'm out of a Josh i bet has never done that fresh ice all see you you are so man you are so close to you you're so out of touch with the reality of life when they put that ice in the urinal to keep it like fresh and clean and whatever you just watch them melt away yeah and you're peeing on the ice man and they ice is melt away and you feel like you've left your mark there or your impact you know it's even better than writing graffiti on the tea room wall but but they do have beautiful restaurants and when i used to have before we realized what the problem was if you have a stake in root christ they borrow them in butter but if you tell my head of time hold the butter they don't put the because if you have a sense of stomach like some of us and a broiler stake in butter you are making a run man i mean a day for you a musical explosion five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon and singer see leave it to the beast to start with toilet talk today have any read the most from joys about his expi theory activity all the stuff on talk about i don't want to brought up the turrets i've had my fair share of meeting for choice have you really yeah no you haven't back when so what else was here you have meetings with boys are really i didn't know that one you had a pleasure w q m hello yes sir hey how you doing sensational um i got an infrearable okay oh oh man because he looks good he's famous because he's got that hell in money man that's okay thanks okay now don't put the personal moment sure it's like crap but see one thing about me i mentioned this couple with nozas near tummy that George is very big in the nose he's a nose man he is swear well he he must be a bad nose man if he was he'd probably been like AJ touchy feeling he's got that nose off the side of his face his nose is always out of joint because Paris held man she's got one of skinny like nasty needle oh man is she gross well he doesn't i don't think George likes personal no he hates her i'm just using it as an example the fact that the nose thing yeah and she's another one with a really bad are you sticking up for George the one of the one of the fun things is when he's around my vacation or George is on vacation is picking on either one of us when we're not around so because i'm sure he's got bigger things to do than be listening to this crap today right right plus especially he's probably had to shrink anyway after the week they gave him my sweet fat boy not you beast now are you for many with all that shenanigans went on hi i'm like i was a listening last week yeah and i i heard when George is getting pulled out of the room every oh my god that jep high i'm gonna seriously tie rams with die wouldn't be a great holiday year for the rest of it i'm dying on the hair long overdue fat boy okay you've uh you've plotted around on his shirt long enough that's plotted with a d and also two t's w q a m hello no no i'm not gay but sometimes i don't want to say me me me you want to be a him hello what's the what was that what was that was that maddy bell doing a voice again what was it yeah didn't hear it w q a and hello yes sir you yes you speak to me got two seconds one two five six seven five six you pound five six the owner Verizon singular wireless line mmm see our audience have another they don't eat its say causes it's not up there rally at least what we got left right now all the people with a money they're gone for the holidays don't understand that people with a few bucks and i hang it around their dinner holidays to get played they're gone and fact lot of them probably are getting ready to make an reservations at Ruth Chris and a vagus right now and then they're going to go over in plunge of the slots at the mgm grand where's the uh Ruth Chris and Dave there are two of them there's one that's on let's say it is one that's on flamingo i believe it is and there's another one i i remember there but they're not really all that far apart amazingly but they're like right in the middle of the uh script area you know right off the strip right outstanding sensational they have a good New York strip when you go to Ruth Chris you get the organizations to plan words yeah that's right in front of New York New York Beast on the earth strip you go to get the ribeye get the Texas cowboy ribeye really big one on a gigantic big fat one it's like big enough for our horse WQA and hello yes sir yeah but not I was watching some comedian i'm coming sent us to get off the subject and right where the Ruth Chris is coming out with us yeah the comedian mentioned Michael Moore and a whole crowd started bullying so that pretty much tells you that yeah most America is stupid well that's all I got new okay wow you know of course that's what they use they demonize the good people oh no well what is this i don't know if that's really not i this isn't even for real this is this phony is uh 72 hour bill doesn't it yeah i thought so too but you know i'll go online here in fact i wouldn't check it out online but you know okay i've seen an incident here and they would be brought up on that and i don't know if i believe this all in this possible sure it's from the y-hask communications director for media release Rudy Giuliani's luck of the US intelligence are well what's surprisingly listed and then of course takes the heat off of uh uh all the other crap you know right off of the uh brunny karet crap as we will get to five six seven let me take a peek i'll see boister's been at now not on anybody's website so if that's the case we're gonna be first right now so you press briefing at 12 30 today though who said that it's on the white house official white house site okay 12 30 oh we can probably wait till i could break when you think before we have to go because it reminds me of uh poor vulture named cancer and heres number off that plane yeah i'm sure some real problems on speaking of great restrooms five six seven oh what don't give them a bar to the break and then we'll get that press briefing and we'll find out that Rudy Giuliani's been selected as uh have the uh stopo 26 afternoon a QAM lobster fest is back at the ammo coast Friday through Sundays Florida's number one 18 gourmet buffet as written by the get restaurant review and this is the ammo coast all you can eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent juicy main lobster served thermator style start out with your choice or maybe a whole bite of beast went there and they have all six soups they're all great i did go there and unbelievable it is really great well that's a kind of place for a guy like you and thank you see a lot of your uh similar people and a lot of people with a big healthy appetite in there that's right because they've really stuff it in the sample dozens of delicious randle treats including fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce and an old favorite whole roasted duck and haisen sauce also enjoyed a brand new sushi bar that features over 30 but good man different items and if you still have room after shelving all this good stuff down your throat and will cost out of this world dessert fart did you check out the dessert farm sure you did yeah what's your question all that you did features chocolate covered strawberries term a zoo and cheese cake and of course ice cream with all your favorite toppings all of these things don't forget the ammo coast never will let you walk out of there with a headache either with that MSC headache like you do a lot of chinese twins because they didn't use any crap no MSG no cornstarch no garbage they cook everything only with the best ingredients including cholesterol freaking oil the ammo coast three sensational location you got all that holiday uh crowd in your home right now get out of the kitchen take them out for a real feast at one of the three south Florida ammo coast locations you'll find them in sunrise sunny hours beach and tempered fires for reservations 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 2 happy holidays from Richard and all of the folks at the chinese buffet so fat rich reminds me of my mother all the better for the new all the fatty belly belly busker burger is three all beef patties topped with four layers of cheese pile high onto two all beef patties layered with bacon ranch sauce and three more all beef patties all of this between a Kaiser roll and four all beef patties more melted cheese and another all beef patty stacked on to three all beef patties lettuce tomato two all beef patties and cheese served on seven all beef patties special sauce three all beef patties pickles unions and two all beef patties surrounded by fries and six all beef patties that wouldn't sit on the Kaiser roll the new all beef fatty belly busker only at the fat burger one for the one for the burger for our crowd that we got today's face in the beast ever see the hearty spots for those big is it hearty's that's got that yeah monster burger yeah 14 20 calories right so how can we have any hearty's in south Florida right no no by me so that's that's a good news no hearty you didn't your car grab over the Tampa they got hearty's and I think in Orlando they got crystal it goes through crystal just along the trunk of about 2000 those little gut burgers good stuff oh man laid it night that's the time to eat those never course at ladies and gentlemen can you wake up without believable oh agita in incredible gans right yeah you know what it's all about oh yeah do standing orders marlins out after 2010 what are we gonna do now pro players David informed the marlins they will not be prevented to play there after the 2010 season creating even more urgency with the team to solidify a strong term future and cry like crazy in screaming demand that in stating more else which is why they were in Vegas I wonder if they were playing a slow south there dear free loria David Samson you think the nickel slots yeah they're probably not are you saying that they're cheap after they spent all my money to bring another championship team to south Florida shame on you man we're gonna get suspended if you don't cut the crap don't piss off Jeffrey loria you're in your lesson and what what's the matter with you pro player stadium owned by dolphins informa marlins owner h way in highs inga has informed the marlins they will not be permitted to play there after the 2010 season and official cost to stay in management told a harrel on Friday so if it's in a harrel there's about a 30% chance it might be true about third man the surprising twist and even more urgency the marlins attempts to resolve their long-term future and issue it to forefront in recent days with news that team officials met this week with Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman who's hoarding a team he wants a team I still don't see a view no now they say that the permanent population no big is his growing like crazy permanent population is that one point six million and they have millions and millions of tourists there be here but I still say tourist don't go to baseball games especially in the town like Vegas if they were coming to south Florida there might be some tourists to come to the marlin games not a lot there'd be some right sure something to do but in Vegas tourist who go to Vegas go there for basically three reasons okay number one uh plunged their guts in the casinos number two those fantastic team meals and number three get laid right you got to get the me that's it I mean I finally got away from that family crap because adults people are serious gambers and people want to go in courrals and I'm interested and go into like Disneyland the Disney world they're not that and that kind of environment they want to go to Disneyland let it go to freaking Disneyland it's not that far away anyway from Vegas right pro player stadium president Bruce Schultz confirmed the marlins will be bounced after 2010 last of the series of one yearly options for the team and said the move will allow the skin pursue other of them such as cricket and soccer on my own cricket and soccer my ass marlins president David Samson confirmed receiving letter dated November 16 hasn't responded yet he said he wasn't surprised or angry it's what he said where do I listen see it is the MIT CS do we have anything from I'm sure we had something in there oh there he narrows we did it we did it we did it we did it we did it great oh they did it you know that we won the world series man and using George has got some voice problems huh that sounded really fade to me now what is this all and also George Pataki wants to be home and security director so Julie we're going to have to step over him the tackies let that be known and if there's a 1230 uh Bolton thing here for I think I think that whole thing was bogus let me check out MSNBC okay get the MS for MSNBC somebody's got to watch it let's see doors all the jurors are not allowed to now so don't count on actually anything being accurate look real flimsy look real phony to me and here's it look at this what is this then why are you fatching me this stuff are you a crazy person or what and then you send me two copies of it oh sorry oh my god about bush in a will of gun is this like a article is this a it's a letter from Michael Moore oh when that case it must be pretty good but it's much too long could go on the Michael Moore dot com or we just let us let her here we love Michael Moore but not that way too long see you're you're not you're living in the past right used to like those seven months when I took no calls right but I stuff is sure one from nine to one and we were like dying over here yeah but we don't do that anymore right Josh I mean there are some stuff and I begin increasingly less in fact I'm practicing because probably Miguel be there tomorrow and he gets he gets all benefit to shape and the filming it's a mouth of I read too much I don't know if the gal will be here tomorrow we haven't decided to get away are you doing fine today like I said be still here tomorrow well we got that thing in common with it we've had probably tomorrow we'll get all the answers for our questions about we will fortune we go oh and and I'll tell you right now too I probably shouldn't say this because it's putting us a little thought in your mind but next time you go and play the casino you think we will fortune when the spin symbol comes up on the third real when you get a spin yeah now notice I shouldn't do this sit there and stare at it okay and stare at the way that symbol looks with the line you know how the tail line yeah with the tail line through the symbol and it's got a certain appearance to it if you sit there and stare at it off enough you will definitely become mesmerized hypnotized and just it will drive you insane because the one thing about the spin symbol on those machines is you notice how it looks so it doesn't belong here in other words it doesn't look like anything else on the machine right right yeah and so it kind of stands out like that and you sit there and you can you'll have to do it yourself now that I've planted the seed what are you saying happen to get hit no nothing happens but you become mesmerized it just I can't describe it to you something you have to experience you know it's like sex I mean I can describe it to you but you have to experience it to understand what it is and the same thing with this you actually have to live through it and you don't want to start staring and then all of a sudden you become like focused in on you become like a zombie anyway David Samson speaker that says the owner's free to do what he chooses what this does mean it makes it very clear the need for the Marlott's to have a new place to play no longer just about economics it's about survival over here in Sanctions first public comments since the Vegas meeting with he did not attend the team person said he firmly believes a deal will be completed for a $420 million retractable roof state nearly orange bull anybody go to the orange bull no way not this kid I'll be so good or because of her clean play right so you see a little near you huh I'll be there where do you live brickle oh no and brickle only rich people live on brickle like I said your parents have probably how much is folks have got 17 million easy get out here nobody no slippers we've on brickle Avenue okay in fact nobody in fact I can't even imagine a manifestation was in the accounting uh maybe Hank hey was there you have a like close to the broader line close to Gulfstream she'll said pro player stating is unable to acquire some events because of problems created by the infield director in baseball season he said the fact that often event problems kicking field goals off the dirt was not a fact in the decision to eventually cut ties with I think the reason the dolphins of an inch of a technique field goals off of anywhere at home and on the road has nothing to do with the dirt you know I mean I could be wrong about that I think it has more to do with you the management of the dirt ends up problematic for other events such as international soccer matches isn't in shy away because they don't want to run their field so I said I didn't do with the original or the marlins one of the team debuted 93 before he sold us down the river has said the state he makes only one or two million dollars annually from the runs and the facility would be better off without them all I mean like that what I want to line the place would be better off without the marlins man oh man it's just what I shot with soccer and cricket yeah we're cricket and soccer we'll tell you something right now when you can mark it down if bro or Connie would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility I will not play here because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else got some good news coming up buddy like that yeah it's about declared in fact it's good no it's good in about yes it's gonna be filling in a new year's eve because did Clark had that stroke and because got his publishing him because Michael Moore on mass chemistry being the great robber that he is no it's gonna be just no way wait it's okay don't like read this right is Kelly gonna be there oh I hope not not what an nasty nose watch out piece okay you're all three of you into Kelly ripo okay I'm here to tell you I don't care how many you can line up like 700 desperate horny guys which some of those people are not desperate but she's mediocre at this now she's a cutie yeah some mediocre busy a sin because she's on television oh I'm telling you okay she weak but I have seen her left breast it's good meal it's big and about a bus and as you guys scar on her ass it's big meal it's big and about a few just two more this going out of her left ears it's big and about anyway talk show host reges still been will stand in his host of the Clarks New Year's rock and Eve 2005 replacing the long time producer was recovered from a stroke so they're definitely could be a god in the same release by his publishers today Clark said I'm so glad that reges has made any new years plans yet I'll feel strange watching it on TV by my dector's filter was too soon I'm sure reges will do a great job and I'm thankful he was able to step in on such short notice in addition we'd see on every this is a good guy not a nasty I've noxious old the troll that exploits desperate poor people in Michigan like you dick filb and said it's the greatest temp job in the world I just hope I can uphold the standards dick Clark has said for this annual event look forward to his return next year as previously announced recording star and we use that term very loosely Ashley Simpson will host Westcoast portans of the show she's going to be lip-sicking away into the new year the 75 year old Clark stuff her what was described as a mild stroke last week Clark hosted American vans stand for years recently disclosed he suffers from tight type to diabetes which can increase the risk of cardiovascular disease including stroke he's hosted new years rock and even special ABC for 32 32 years let's see here's one that says a fact during course in my regular Sunday morning shopping in my usual public I went to get a bottle of the liquid soap and I've here you that I've been using for some time saying eyes apricotics 48 scrub only to find a huge gaping hole where two columns usually are the other varieties of the same soap citrus a lot said we're fully stocked you bastard also check out Sun sent about come driven stir-in Brittany's smelly feet well bring these guys smelly feet when that's your new guys away I sure doubt it just put a nose clip on and I know is gay nose gay what is a nose gay isn't it like flowers or something what is a nose gay you tell you not on the do a Google search do something when you when you're through swelling that other finger Josh look up nose gay there's such a word nose gay here's a thanks for Mark who says I would have my son's high school football bank were last night at a Howard County Public School following this public school when I noticed a pre-standing in the room sure enough the MC says before getting started father getsky will give it invocation just as he started I got my fat ass up out of the chair walked out 10 minutes later I picked in he's still rattling on the captive an obedient audience still at their heads bog just another another example of the boy pulpit p.s.n he always thought your wardrobe was just fine oh we're fine well let me just say this to you Mark in regard to the last part of it I would know care what anybody thinks of my wardrobe so to speak because I don't I'm not around to impress anybody like I'm those rare occasions what I mean at building is there anybody there I want to impress no when I go out to woodbind is there somebody I want to impress when I go out to lunch do I want to impress the natives here I want to go to publics in the saw grass there don't want to impress the oh no I don't care as a matter of fact it gets to the point where especially when you've been fat and beast knows this fat people are very rarely what you call snappy dresses to say the least right we're so this depends how the name of fat person you know it's like a fashion plate besides dumb deloes besides Paul Pudon but they're tied with that rich what they're tied what I want to look good yeah and I want to hop you on a person I like to click I clean up pretty well yeah I'm not talking about cleaning that's that oh no you're wrong about that that's not what I'm saying I've always said if you can't look at least smell good no no no no you know I clean up very well means you look good in nice clothes I'm not touching that I want to talk to everybody like anyone saying the thing is a voice by the way a nose game is a little wedding boutique a wedding one it's like a cluster of flowers does that well and I just do it gets you say that thought it was flowers there you are not quite as dumb as I thought I was a nose gay you're right the nose nose now anyway this business again another example of in top of religious jackasses who are doing this in a public school no less now I for a long time back when they when I was a dolphin fan I used to buy my own season tickets and fat rich and I used to go there and eat these big gigantic sub sandwiches they were very good by the way rich but the the in-balkation that takes place at football games is there an in-balkation at a hockey game no baseball game no basketball game no squash soccer racket ball ping pong golf no only a football games we have this a man yes it's because football is become like a religion in America it's not just a sport anymore it's like a religion NASCAR they do like a little prayer rating before they drive away do they really yeah yeah but the public is not to participate in that I I don't know I they might do that but a lot of cares about that's a bunch of redness anyway but uh the so what I try to get people to do is at the dolphin games that we go on here and say just sitting here see don't and I mean stop and think about what percentage of Jews that turn into an easy and she recognized it so people believe anything else besides Christians are it's those bargains I guarantee that there's probably about 40% of the people go to those games are Jewish when you think in broad yeah but uh I don't know I don't know that's a big number 40% 20% there you go okay and say another 10% are atheistic non-stick whatever non-Christians okay at least 3040% the fact of the matter is most of the time it's either a priest a minister once in a while a rabbi and there are a lot of us who don't want to participate in that and when you're paying a big bucks for tickets to a sporting event you shouldn't have to be forced to undergo some kind of religious exercise this again is the part only in America maybe like Jani Merkins would say only in America go hockey game here at the air Canada Center they would decide to play again they're not gonna have like no getch either before it again no Catholic or Jew or uh Methodist or or Quantzegai it doesn't belong there and that's what the religious don't understand it doesn't belong there it's inappropriate it is unacceptable is what it is so how many other people do you think would say I I started just sitting during the invocation I'm when they play the national anthem I would get about respect you know to the flag et cetera right yeah now do you get up through invocation no you said on your ass yeah I remember when I was at U.M. in the marching band no less right we had our banquet they'd always say some prayers like you know half the band was like Jewish we'd all like start making noise and talking and good oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh and what's it about he would love oh oh oh oh oh oh oh that was from his days working with the mole the mole man oh I think tomorrow's the beast is on he's gonna talk about mole all four hours okay I spent that during the holidays you want to start picking on old mole how does that support sales trader article coming what sports sales trader yeah the one the who's hot who's not uh that's old news that's old news but if you still got a copy of it I'll read it again so just leave us all and so anyway to make a long story short maybe maybe a half a dozen of us would sit through invocation because you look around the stadium you mean and of course not that I care but people don't want to stand out you know like people are gonna look at me like I'm disrespectful the fact of the matter is they're the ones being disrespectful to us if we wanted to go to church on Sunday or to shore someplace like that or to the mosque we'd have gone there okay we have plenty of time to do that now it's football time give me some ask if in football and how would all this religious crap anyways big enough crap burnie care now which which 400 stories would you like me to do this I've only got 45 thousand them here I'm the newer daily news is having special delight with us evidently they hate him like poison four money or city police department commissioner burnard care conducted two extramarital fairer simultaneously using a secret bad way park city apartment for the passionately is on today news is learned the first relations have spending nearly a decade was with city correction officers in at panero the second and more starling starling oh my god was with fame publishing titan Judas Reagan is a fair with Reagan these stunningly attractive had a room both publishing company lasted for nearly a year dramatically each woman learned of the existence of the other after panero discovered a love note left by Reagan in the apartment the revelations about carous private life come as repercussions over a suitability to be nominated for the poster secretary of homeland security care accordion i'm married with two children from a square marriage with you was named from consideration in a sudden an unexpected call of the white house right in night by the way where we write about that phony mMO by two alianne yeah phony all the white house briefings on now but there was white house briefings on in accurate impression if you have that because this was something that was a matter of weeks not days that we were going through the same process with years not a clone the white house press secretary answering reporters questions on the Bernard characters oh that and that's so I should keep reading this yeah there's well floodscrew by the way how am i hearing uh junior junior character said questions about the immigration status of his family's former nanny and favored a pay taxes prompted as the citizen to walk away from the job he just walked away but speculation is continued there were deeper and more controversial reason to daily news says yesterday the news reported that a six month investigation showed care can accept a thousand dollars in cash and gifts without proper disclosure and it ties to a construction company that investigators believe is linked to the mob how do you like that did you know that i didn't see that part well there you go daily news is a yankin all of them and they're just obsessed with burying his eyes yes today revelations about his private life also can't say that on the suitability for one of the most important times profile camera positions asked about the affairs and the secret loviners Joseph tackle pena notices tackelpino and said it if i was left uh uh and said this is tackles i Jaeblin uhbrance press executive doctor Johnsonter is you also as a regular fair for men's carry-on for months although the writing publication and promotion of his autobiography, the, at least through the writing publication and promotion of his autobiography, the Lawson, the Life and Precious of Justice, which Regan's company published. The two works together most, they worked out together, the New York Sports Club and Rockefeller Center, often died at Pressville, right soon on an end-time appointed source of study like that. When in doubt, the two of them were working it out. It's not just the one to two-hour, it's a phenomenon. I'm dying on the hands. Don't, don't, don't, don't. They say that one to the TV, with the finger of their front, well, why not, and know what's up to know what Pressville is to control. We've filed it in the corner, while finally there's not one to find up to know what Pressville is to know what Pressville through the curves, host MIT drum then pass with this Okay is creatingasure and Giulia. Whith and Spencer Baker rolling and cheated. parole in the cagening pleasure your see You might have to open my heart and open the door You think it is all in time while feeding out there gun Won't let the door back up to no one with vision to put bones To the Holy of the sea, on the hand of the truck Won't let the door back up to no one with vision to put bones To the dead and eat and sit back down again in the room And watch it all down with a 12-pack of food To the life of order of the dead and the youth God will be smile upon 40 pounds So, all you need is to know what the civil rights is to know Baby, that person will not let the door back up to no one with vision Boy 102.560WC, we have to mad dog at 2.104. Geldy From the smoky boss plantation in 780K, 10 tonight Here's the poor result, we haven't really worked on that poll too much today, which is unfortunate The majority of the people who are in the same place are the most successful Only because of personal appearance of them in the beast 3808 votes, Britain 137, Pamela Anderson 72 And in the course of 72, Jessica Simpson 41, asked him to go to Kuchi Kuchi Look how many he's got But 109, Brad Pitt 10 and Rick is only got 7, so you do this audience Think 10 Rick, he can really sing like crazy or whatever You guys are going to get out of here How many of you are going to get out of here? How many of you are going to get out of here? Well, anyway, the White House continues to be consistent You know, the Bucks stop someplace else is their motto and it always does White House official Saturday blamed Bernie Kerrick for repeatedly failing to disclose Potential legal problems to administration lawyers Vending his nomination to be a security secretary As President Bush prepared a quickly named replacement He had a put the controversy over the former New York police commissioner's background And his behind. Kerrick who would do his own nomination Friday in a project from burusing Bush Was asked numerous times by White House lawyers if he had employed in legal immigrant Or failed to pay taxes on domestic health resources said Kerrick was told he would humiliate him as family himself and the president If he lied on either account officials said he responded with firm denials After digging deeper, however, Kerrick said he discovered last week That he might have a problem on both accounts in which he was named In the vending process which was conducted by the Office of White House Council Alberto Argan Zellis, Kerrick also never mentioned that a New Jersey judge had issued a warrant for his arrest In 1998, a were civil dispute over on paid bills the sources said The existence of the dispute was first reported by Newsweek Friday night It's unclear why White House lawyers couldn't uncover warrant that Newsweek discovered after Just a few days of research, although some are blaming Bush's insistence on speed and secrecy For failing to catch this and other potential red flags and carrots background How do you like that? Now, the statement that you passed me this morning that I don't know what a laugh or cry You guys lawmakers from both parties said President Bush and consider picking Democratic Senator Jewelie Remin to be the next head of Homeland Security Oh my god Leave Remin of Connecticut is one of the earliest people I've ever seen in my life Was one of the main authors of legislation creating the Homeland Security Department to the years ago It would be a top candidate for the cabinet post overseeing 22 federal agencies California representative Jane Harman Lee ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee Said on ABCs this week today For comments echo those of main Senator Wimpy Susan Collins, you know which one Susan Collins is the one that talks like this Susan Collins who said on the same program that Lee Remin could bring the strong leadership to department need Meanwhile George Patech he wants it, which I guess if he got that then clear his away for Elliott Spitzer become governor New York which he will 567, you know something I've been rambling on so much today about toilets and stake Although we did a very disappointing response about the stake houses after you refute Chris and Anne's I didn't do that And then probably is the same thing as the people live on berthal it's that same deal The people with a money the people who got the big bucks to weed a roof Chris her slippers can afford either There are a lot of time for the holidays and I'm gonna be calling us right we just we got what we got But we need a lot more names for that pool between now and two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a barisen and singular wireless lines WQA and hello Yes sir, how are you doing? Okay, how are you sir? Very well, thank you first of all the jolly women will not take job of all Hey, that's all I see down here raising money and Thursday night Yeah, yeah, honey, yeah And Secondly, Mrs. Clinton According to today's New York story that one ever done? Yes, Senator Clinton Senator Clinton Had a file on Kirk because her husband had access to what the FBI right and They already knew about these little chest according to the times and just voting them and Oh, it's the quoted says it's fair to say we had plenty to read one official involved in the process But it was not until Mr. Bush had announced his choice if he was said that Mr. Kerrick began Piling through the standard personal data statement questionnaire and go right in and other words She had a good done and she couldn't wait to run against it good doesn't make you feel better We do it some of the same stuff they do you bet you All right, have a good holiday and back to you. Yeah, they they play want to play a tough We'll turn around and play real tough with Julie remain Oh, man the wippie democratic party, baby But I know it is a dime now why little voices or their fake nose is those goofy hops I don't know we just we just love you guys We dance in the new Right See we can't drink room the house, but St. Paul's Council Montzitsa new So, oh boy Valerie makes you Oh, we won't catch her like an amount of her God keep us to have a wonderful aura More cheese sticks I want a grime He could use a good rat bite It's in the news Oh Hey, I said to one and five six. I'm going to tell you right now. She's going to be the democratic candidate in 2008 It won't be so great and it's not too late to change their mind. She has two chances. Yeah Although this thing with Kerrick is a casted dark poll over would be Julie Annie so another reason that that thing we got before is obviously bogus Oh, yeah, which you could see it, but at any rate They may run maybe Jeb probably John McCain. I'm thinking right right or maybe they'll ramrod that constitutional amendments through between on and they got for you I think it's a good idea to do it and you who could be our leader The Terminator man the girlfriend either. I'm not saying yeah, I mean what what chance do you think that Hillary would have against Arnold if he could run? No zero. Listen, I think she might have a chance against like maybe I'm trying to figure some Robert Taff I'm not talking about the one who's in Ohio and I'm talking about the dead one. She might have a chance against him Yeah, original Robert Taff. Senior But I guess it's more than democratic death where she isn't that a win. I still think we got to go back to our man. Howie. I mean, I could be wrong about that. I think he demand Right You don't think so. Yeah, but if he's the chairman of the DNC then he's not going to be the chairman of the DNC. He's got a bigger face to fry. He's going to be out president day In fact after Bush gets impeached him pretty soon talk about turn about being for a play Well, you don't need to say that all the time turn around turn about a spare play Peter Marshall on Hollywood squares Remember that? No never saw the original Hollywood squares with Peter Marshall That's what I showed was good when they had funny people on their like buddy hack it and Paul in didn't finish him You know people are where people are like no you never saw the original are good No, I sure I didn't see the one it's on now. No Now once you like do watch all the time and people accuse me of watching him because I they claim I have a fetish with the Stunt machine is a wheel of fortune. I never miss it. Well, it's a good show And your reasons are good shows because you can play along. I mean to get to help with a contestants nobody cares about them It's just that we can play long-try hot smart. We are which I I got a man. We get most about 90% that in jeopardy. I like jeopardy I hate I just spy and would somebody buy Alex for back some teeth please They got a promo for a jepity where looks like he's got his teeth out. We're like in a glass somewhere already get lost And I'm glad that guy lost on there too. What was his name? Ken Jennings. Oh, God. I'm not for that already Walmart whom we hate like poison just in time for the holidays. We hate spreading our hate Walmart Which promotes itself as a seller of clean music the seed customers by sucking compact this by the rock group Evan Essence that contain the effort lawsuit claim like on you like that Walmart all these up at a whole year than now goody two-sue guy a man. They're carrying effort discs It's funny about that as Evan Essence when they first came out there like a board again band. Really really. Yeah, well, I've been The hit groups latest CD and DVD anywhere by home is not anywhere by home. Oh, don't carry parental advice really Was alerting potential buyer to the vicinity if they did Walmart wouldn't carry them according to retailers policy But to law suit claims Walmart knew about the explicit lyrics in the song thoughtless because it's censored the word in a free sample available on its website and stores The complaint filed last Thursday in Washington County Circuit Court in Maryland Seeks in order requiring Walmart to be their sensor removed the music from its Maryland stores It also seeks damages up to 74,500 bucks for each of the thousands of people who bought the music at Walmart in Maryland Which we say you go boys over you are found the suit. I don't want any other families to get this expecting it to be clean It needs to be removed from the shelves to vet other children from hearing it said play the Preven schemes of Brownsville, Maryland. Preven schemes Who have a teaspoons in time and entry? I like that. Scheme said he and his wife Melanie left their daughter by the music for 13 birthday And they were shocked when they played in their car while driving home I guess it makes you a little bit uncomfortable actually have that CD. I don't remember whether it was any when you better listen with again Walmart a Bentonville Arkansas has no immediate plans to pull the CDs from a child supposed to die wick him to hold the higris down Harold mail He said the company will investigate the allegations. No hearing date have been set while Walmart said high standards It would not be possible to eliminate every image word or topic Then individual my find objectionable with control to newspaper he told a her old mail that the song sample online was sent in by Walmart calm a separate division of Walmart But we can then return telephone calls Friday from the ANP Loser also names the defendants. Why not record LLC in the work based company that recorded the music and decided not to apply parental advice riskers and distribute a BMG entertainment A city or a Sony BMG music entertainment viewer Sony to kind of comment on the lawsuit the skins lawyer John tells of Bethesda said he had to take this case He aims he aims to take this case national even as that means going state by state He dismissed work comes suggestion that Walmart stores didn't know about the sensitive version of the song There are multi million other corporations that can certainly communicate a lot of their various entities. He said you go boys Are you Yahoo, you know speakers up there Maryland nailed into the cross doesn't type it holidays even though it's the wrong one right Now i'm going to do top of the park here, but I notice there wasn't a piece of copy for pop up syndrome, was there this morning? Well the take a look cuz I think twice dreadford is laying down on the job again I'm going to tell you how many years has it been since Troy got me any new copy for any of his account On the chair man, Troy you're a good guy and everybody likes to rub your balls spot like the Buddha of QAM but the fact that a matter is you just to incundit lately sweet heart Just not getting a job done. See anything not now 1-14 at 5-60WQM, all-you-horse racing fans and poker players, Pompano Park Racing and Poker as all-the-gambling to punching action you could possibly want. The Tech Fat Richel Market Program for it. Located just a half mile from both I-95 and the turn-five Pompano Park is easy to get to invest in all the Pompano Park features, free admission, and free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the poker room is open every day, Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday, Fortnite so we get to track. Poker starts at noon, it's already going on today, goes on till midnight, and live racing at Sunday, way nightly and 725 in the P.M. Don't miss out on dollar nights on Wednesdays when draft year soda, half dogs, and more just a bucket of peace starting at 6 p.m. on Mondays like tonight has a great 2-for-25-dollar full-course special dinner in the top of the park race on on the 6-4. Don't forget to French Union Soup. I bet you love the French Union Soup with the Ficti-Zan-Tam. I do. Where's the Beast? Yeah. You don't like that? Sure. You don't like French Union Soup with the thick layer of beans, with the cheese, melting, oozing. So full of crap. Anyway, that's one of my favorites at the top of the park. I'm the 6-word Pompito Park. Pompito Hart is located at the Blackstatt of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the Curve Race schedule. Go on a web at pompitopark.com or call 9-5-4-972-2000. Pompito Park post time tonight 725 in the P.M. You're listening to New York Roger. You're on the way to the school. You're on 5-60-60. Are you a M? M. M. M. Pompito Park post semi-use deco book is also used for the candidates written out on the screen or the fillet by their audience. The winners are also the best candidates written out by them. Dear audience, these candidates may be the ones honking for their idols. Oh, we're still getting a call and we're gonna get a ride out of gas. So in four years, she'll have a new next new tag-o. It's all your ability, go. Yeah. Yeah, it's out of the sea. Good Lord, don't let me ride. Down, down, down. Good Lord, it's another plan to turn. Down, down, down, down. She wins with innocent love. Good Lord, don't let me ride. She has that attachment, chants in the area of winning 20 after one at five, 60 WCAM. We've got a lot more names on this pool, don't you think? Before we get down here? Yeah. Maybe we just aren't that many. Maybe everybody is highly talented. Okay, didn't get where they are just because they have it all. Pretty good? Cause they got a pretty face and a pretty mouth. I could probably come up with some. Ficed? Yeah. Like, what about Tom Cruise? Tom Cruise is, he's had some good movies, huh? I don't like him staying. But just think about it. Take their acting ability. Yeah, you're right. Put Tom Cruise on there, that's a good one. Oh, I think he's, he looks like a huntspist. If you were ugly with his acting ability, would he be anywhere? No. But there are a lot of ugly people who've done pretty well. Sure. Girls, Bronson, right? Yeah. I think a lot more ugly people than really great looking people. Poseid for rare. Is he good looking? Right. Just so many ugly guys. And women, women, now if you're ugly woman, you're probably not going to get there. More, more actresses get picked on their looks. You don't think? I'd have to agree. Yeah. How about Marilyn Monroe? What? She was, you know, a looker. Right. Was she a great actor? I don't know. I really have it. Marilyn Monroe, how about another one talking about dead people on my James Dean? Although I didn't think he looked, I thought he looked kind of his arm. But nevertheless, he looked a little like Elvis. How about Elvis? Definitely. Which Elvis? Costello. Elvis, personally. I mean, which time period? Because the Elvis, you know, you're one of the ones. You would always have to be the slim Elvis or the fat Elvis, because everything would do has to be fat. You're professionally fat. So I'm just fat because I've been to have it almost in my life. Right. But you're like professionally fat. You're like militantly fat. You want to be fat. So speaking of Troy's grandfather, you let him down badly. And are there friends for a two with a diet scan? You're not mean actually. Actually, it was actually a little like. And pay for it. Yeah. You're following any diet. Every time we turn about, your rich parents head you off another cruise somewhere, suck on up all the free food on the ship. Oh, you kid mad is true. Then I know what's true. And then here we're saying, well, the beast is losing weight on the balance for a while. Well, the first time I was on it, I really did lose like 60 pounds. I got to know. And then you went out and why would you want to get it back? I didn't do this. I didn't do this. All of us have lost weight and gained it back. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then you're going to lose weight. And then a lot of good stuff. And then we said that Boba Goudoujme. It was like Linda Blair and the access to this. He was embarrassed by that. The first week I didn't trust you. So I just thought it was just there. And then it grew in slime. It was. Oh my god. Wow. So. But anyway. It's the fact show. Okay. We had fat words. You can call me bug me. How long did we have dead air there? Because you can make up any number you want. I have no idea how long they went on. Because the phone rang. It was a short break. And he doesn't realize I don't have my phone isn't in this studio for obvious reasons. Right? Right? So I got to run in the living room and pick up the phone because I thought who knows what other thing is delivered downstairs or what is going on. And there we is again. But I'm not going to be talking about what you got yourself full. But I'll talk to you later which he okay. Go away. Jesus. But there's a thing with fat people. And we'll ask fat people were like special. But like that. Or special. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get some more names on this pull. I'll get what it you slackers out there. 5, 60 out of a rise in cigarette awareness lines. Come to QA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Mr. Neil. Mr. Neil. Mr. Neil. Yeah. Neil listen. These guys when they're on the road they need to log in. The way to do it is sit any bench locker room, country club. There's a big, a clean, the quiet, quiet good. Lots of magazine, newspapers. The locker room, a ten-it-a-l-shined issue for college. You can hide the towel on the way out. All right. That's all I did. Heist and then the P. on the ice. Since my employers do that because it's tons of country club around to just Starring. I'll show you just find a country club like when you grab it on in Baby. Absolutely. Maybe we can go see most country club like in sunrise. You go up to Boca. Are you starting to pick on Mooganges because he's not there. You think he's ever got to do that on the river? No. No. Really? I'm not on information on rumors or just making that up just to be just hoping and wish. Just wishful thinking. Absolutely. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. All lady. All right. I took a three and a half hours. Oh. Oh, I like to leave a message or speak with me. Is that possible? You're speaking with him. This is he. Oh, no. Why do you say I just want to compliment you on the professionalism of your show? I was with him every morning. He's very glad to know that all the flamers out there are someone to look up to to come and say. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. All right, bye. Okay. I mean, boots down. All the flamers out there, if somebody looked up, do the poster boy. Now, here's the fact where we know this. It says Walmart refused to carry John Scourge's book. America, the book because it rips virtual agents. But they'll say he has many guns and voluses you on. Well, that's because Michael Moore went to came. I know he's got to go to Walmart. If you watch boring for column by, you watch that of course. Yeah, of course. I'll thank you this further. I was up blockbuster last night picking up network. You were a blockbuster? Oh, no. Oh, my God. That's bad. I can't hear you. I mean, we're all serious. We're still going to rent a movie now. That's true. So I went in there and like they had 7,000 Fahrenheit 9, 11. And they were all there. Like not wanted been rented. But I started. I was depressed. And because the people who want to see them will be don't drop at blockbuster. I'm just saying everybody is seeing that movie. Who wanted to see it. But the people were in the censorship. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they bleed. Both men are a couple of times in that work. Probably. Did they actually have how it be all said? Yeah, yeah. No, they did. Well, maybe there's hope after. You're listening to another one you've done. The rest of the day, the five subjects are shooting. And Larry King, and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers. Well, congratulations, get a light. We are in glory. Mama, mama, my even daughter. I'm speaking to the little channel here. But time is deep. Time to show up on your life. But mama, let him take the Christmas trees. You will see. But they're not even half best friends. But mama, never gonna quit. So let it be. And I just wanted to buy your money. And celebrate. And it's just you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. One thirty one twenty nine. Two two. We got the mad dog. Two. I'm sure will be analyzing yesterday's dolphin loss in Denver. What's not to life. They still got a hell of a shot. No, the San Francisco hanging on a window. They were going to get a little bit of a battle. So now it's a battle. It was good works. Because they were hit like 80's in points in that game. And then I could. be two minutes of that came you know because who wants to watch that. But then all of a sudden Arizona a little girl's team which by the way beat the dolphins in overtime few weeks ago. They start coming back and made a game out of it and I thought, please, the 49ers can't lose again because they would make the dolphins, you know, but come to find out and other both. Although San Francisco's got the tiebreaker because for last because it often's beat them. Right. See what I'm saying for the number one draft pick? Yeah. So even though both teams are two and eleven that often still are in the one wrong above, right? Well, maybe somebody will win. Yeah. Well, I have no idea. I know the 49ers are last games against the Patriots. So we got to chance to that. No chance. And the dolphins let's see, dolphins play the Patriots Monday and then who they got left there for that? Clever that, Clever. Yeah. They got something. Oh, Clever is going to kick their ass. Clevver is terrible, but they're still going to kick their ass. Browns are odd. I don't know. In fact, just how many yards are the Browns have they say like 17 yards in the game? Yeah, against the bills? Yeah. Total. A total of demolition, but they'll still be the guy who's last game. There. No. You don't know. I don't know. On our sports intent, I mean, it's one thing that I stood the Patriots of plan. We can drop some of our hosts because he doesn't give a flying crap about the Patriots. But the dolphins, how fast they jump off the bad way. And then I'm a smelling superbowl man or something. It smells real love. Yeah. All the way up here are in the smell it. The FCC's enforcement viewer has asked NBC for tapes of the opening ceremony of the several limit, several Olympics apparently response to one of more indecency complaints. Oh, my. Oh, remember that stop America. What is it stop? It is unclear who may have complained or what aspect of the broadcast may have prompted a complaint said the sources are revealing request. But spoke on condition of anonymity because they valued their lives. And FCC spokesperson late Friday wouldn't confirm or deny an investigation, but said the agency has received at least one complaint about that Olympic telecast. Maybe it was about those tight outfits that the gymnast where you think that might be it or maybe the swimmers or the divers. Maybe it was about that that water polo play. Remember, we had a little answer. I have that under with her breast exposed. Yes, still there. I helped not. That was really nasty. The Olympic opening ceremony August 14 in Athens included actors and actresses, the picking two lovers dancing in the sea. Yeah. God is the fertility and appregnant woman whose belly glowed according to an account post on MSNBC's website. Not to mention all of those. Amen. Athletes. The FCC investigates allegations of indescribable broadcast when it receives complaints. The procedures come under increasing scrutiny. With the recent disclosure that aside from those concerning the controversial Super Bowl broadcast, more than 99% of recent indescribable complaints have come from one group, the parents television counsel. And I would suggest you that more than 99% of individual complaints have come from one unimaginable individual in South Florida. The CDC says the FCC is feeling the count of many thousands of complaints. It says the source of complaints that make no difference to a process aimed at determining whether networks are breaking the log into these broadcasts. Critics of the parents. What is it called again? The parents television counsel. Say it's attempting to impose its views of acceptable broadcasts. Which of course it is. There are the sensors. There are the ones who decide what community standards are. This is a little handful of misfits. I decided for all of my silver America, what's the use of what you can watch, what you can read, what you can see, what you can see on here, what kind of hard sounds we can make, etc. and so on. Now, Frank, where it's no kind of backwards. Are we going to get any more stuff for our poor or not? Because I got a whole bunch of stuff that I'll never get to. Yeah, but I can't say it's time for tomorrow. First, I think since the beast is regilled with stories of public, public service rooms. There you go. Okay, Sandy, but it wasn't listening. I'm sure a lot of you were. We started at 10 this morning, 10 sharp. Stern got to 953 in a morning and on the side of the hand of poem that or something in do any life he bailed out. That was it. And I heard standby. And that was at standby. And I stood by. I mean, I still have to believe that was a nightmare. I can't believe that that was true. You were awfully happy when you got that. No, I was not. And what made it even worse is that I was expecting that I had about another maybe 45 minutes, at least for that package to arrive so it wouldn't happen in a little bit of the show. Not even realizing the fact Richard would be calling on my phone and the other room twice during the show. Not once but twice causing in a humongous embarrassment. Okay, and we didn't even get the answer. No, no, that's the female me that was so lame. He got my hopes up. That was such a crap. It told me nothing. Nothing that I don't already know about random it because I've read that guy's crappy for that right. So Casino's jazz is a crap. See anybody that wants to send you a newsletter or you go on the internet you try to find the slot machine secrets or gambling secrets. Look, if anybody had that information, they're going to sell it to us and they're going to need to sell it to us. No. It's like all these games on TV. You know, they kind of were the real estate. What does that guy's name? I don't know what all the pre. No, no, not in these one of them. But the other one. I'm good on for years. Always selling. Oh, how do you read selling? Well, how come he's not doing it? The reason he's not doing it is because he knows it's a bunch of crap and he's getting rid of selling suckers like us, a bunch of phony stuff off infomercials. Oh, how do you where it? How to make thousands of these people that are getting like a pop-up toaster? Just like round-popeal gives everybody like one of those pocket fisherman and they sit in the audience. Yeah, I said anything. Yeah. Yeah. Public that Matthew, let's go. There's another one. That's not the one though. I can't think of this guy's name. It's not old-tod. He's been selling his real estate scam for years on TV. Everybody's going to get rich. 567.0560. Pond 560 on he Verizon singular wireless lines as we have some every-night leader of the community here on here. That was, that was really special. WQM, hello. QAM. Yes, sir. Carlton sheet that little slipper. I think we're going to make a who? Carlton sheet. Carlton sheets, yeah, that's one. There's another one too. Carlton sheets. Thank you very much. He's a three sheets to the one. You know Carlton sheets? Yeah. He's probably the most defamious one. He's been on for how many years. I've heard him in his soil. Carlton sheets in a soy real estate and you can make $40,000 while you're saving the life and $245,000 the next month. And I, on and on it goes crap. I would rather buy wireless a run-popeal or tissue re-ovent for runs ahead of me. WQM, hello. I've already been sent a call. Yeah. WQM, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I don't really listen to Howard very much, but this morning, the front-out goal, it was on there. Oh, God. He's down in an out. He's living in a shelter in New York City somewhere. Right, we know that. I'm a fat Jew. Yeah. I'm thinking maybe we should get like a save the pervert foundation going or something. Yeah, that's an idea. I think so. But I don't think so. Out goal steam boy, Stern, it must be the hottest, you know? No, I don't know why don't he left him went home early. Maybe we were taking out for lunch for a couple of lunches for Alan and the establishment got to him. They did tell any bruised they did tell gold steam. They'll get to you sooner or later. Sooner or later. I got to play that again. Now, if you liked that bit as much as all the rest of us tonight. It's so pretty. It's fine? Pretty good. You're just not a grassroots person before your time. It's called before Josh and George's time to be daylight. At least George George George. I don't know. I'm like, we'll say anything just in the go to long. Is that right? It's pretty good. Yeah, you often you do. You often say something just just to be like, you know, keep everything calm, you know, you know, I'm like disturbed the rock the boat too much. He's like, hey, sir. Yeah, like that business George brought up about the people of play slot machines. You're either old ladies or a ride or a baby. He saw, yeah. See, that's you probably have played him plenty. You just don't want to remember. I was never in my life. You've never put one point in the slot machine. I have no interest in playing the slot. Oh, I just, it just doesn't tick on my fancy. That's two great lines you gave us today. You're my enemy child. But you're moving at five six. Oh, WQA. The Mad Dog is out of control. And you'll find out why would you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment? Jim Madden sings, do it. Well, I'll ride. I'm around in the free crowd. Hear the Mad Dog dramatic. Soon, wash it raw. I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm lost, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm left, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm right, I'm left, I I'll do it. You got so good. And I'm gonna go. That is how round. Oh, man. Listen, hit the bad thoughts. Sing themselves happy. Oh, man. I swear. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. Just madly. Sing to it. It's available now at all blockcusters stories. 145-56-192-A. Now, it's interesting talking about Wayne and the Hippocrate that he is. Remember the first game that Managed did the color on? Probably don't remember that. No. The first broadcast on here, and in the middle of the game during commercial break, Wayne comes storming into the studio because before the game, Managed has made some comment about the condition of the mound. And because the marlins were playing in the stadium and about to dirt and the slob and Wayne came in and just bitched him out before I started talking about that. I think you don't know about, and just rip him in as. And now it's an interesting that Wayne and sing, while the marlins are not going to be able to play here anymore because yada yada yada. And then it was okay and everything was just fine and don't be stolen to beans when he owned both teams. But not to different story. Let's see, now what is this thing here from Martha? Well, what is this supposed to be? I don't understand what these facts are. Poles suggestion. Age group of listeners ages 0 to 7. Well, haven't we done that? How many times have we done that? About 2 in a man? Okay. But we can do that for later in a week. Martha. Or who ever known Martha's the, this also looks fake to me. She wants him to all know that George isn't here this week, just like when we had earlier about Julianne. So the cranes said they're going to be sending all kinds of stuff. So who knows what this is? Also is the FCC run by the same people as Bell Sound. How do they get out charging 4 dollars a minute for long distance called as South America when they carry her charges 15 cent? I made the complaint, well I see that's what this is about. I made the complaint to the FCC. I forgot to build a three days of connection with Bell Sound. It being charged $598 for charges of 4 dollars a minute. Only three days of use. Well, the FCC did reply to my complaint saying that I'm my claim because Bell Sound has rejected as well. This is my case since maybe something is frustrated. Well, the FCC and Bell Sound, okay. And said, let her not back a form letter. Do you understand it? Yeah. Neither of you have to kill about 40 seconds. I don't have time for this Frank Richard or the Autogance section in America at land of police shutdown, new musical which ties right in with the other Cuba put up. Cuba puts US on notice with Monday's massive war games. Oh, great. Yeah. Stuff will save. So airfatt was poison airfart just like that poor man or man. Huh? Are you crazy in that guy? The Ukrainian guy. You leverage. I mean, whatever. Hell, yes. You chanko. What does his name? Demetri, you scab it. She used to play for the Leafs. And also for the Panthers for about five minutes. Look at all the guys at the Panthers sign who like Jonas Holman. There's another one. Jonas. You ought to get a bonus. By the way, tomorrow's the big meeting of Toronto. So see what is going to be a hockey season or not. Gary Benton, he and Glenn, that this is all coming down the way. It's right now because the big spotlight is right on his nose. Right now he's the chicken with a wood pile. He's the problem. He's the biggest part of the problem is that he's kind of a lot of owners. I don't want to mention Alan Cohen. But a lot of these owners and markets where hockey's never going to make it into believing that he can do whatever it takes to get them to make money. Well, guess what? Then ain't going to happen, Gary. You've screwed over to fans. You've screwed over to players. You've screwed over to the league. You screwed over to sport. Gary. I mean, nothing to be fine about that. No hockey in Carolina. Is that a joke or what? Have you ever watched any of the games from there? No. Not even a minute. Yeah, sure. Okay. So you see when the panthers are playing the hurricanes, you're playing hurricane, man. Anyway, in Carolina, and you look, if they maybe they're counting the ushers, okay, when they give you the intense because there's no, but it is. I may be 1200 people. Today's attendance, 10, 427. Right. Well, I'm sure the NASCAR crowd loves hockey. They're playing the NASCAR all the same thing. And the Florida Panthers is much better. We're good to say it. But that franchise ain't going to make it boys and girls. It isn't going to make it guilty, sorry. 560, 50560, pound 560, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lions. W2A, and hello. No, it is still power. It's been compared. It's still power. It's still power. Jeff that chin, I'm a little more than a Velcro model, but you know, that was a pretty crappy game. You see that, the jets in the real series? That was a horrible game. I'm going to say it again, Chad Penington. I think he and if he grew a little facial hearing, he could be, what's his name from Denver? They take this snake, Jake Tommer. Both the similar kind of interceptions, man. Oh, look at that. Great completion. The only problem is the guy who cut the balls were in the other teams uniform. Right in our hands. And then, of course, you're boy to chew that awful pass for the Redskins. I can't get over that last night. What's his name? We're going to have to get a fancy. I know what it is, but Patrick Ramsey's, that's what Ramsey's were like a condom. I mean, that was just unbelievable. This incredible talk about snatching the feet from at least a shot to go over time. They had a shot. But Jimmy would say, and how come he's still on there? I was there in Fox. And if CBS doesn't stop hyperventilating, we got Danny Boy and we got Bullwerer and we got whoever all those four goofballs on. They're in their padding each other when they ask. They're slapping in a hypha. That's a guy thing. It's just, you know, and so I don't think it's a guy thing. I think it's a thing that padding on the ass. It reminds me of those costous spots. Remember those promos? They said I didn't be see. And he'd be like walking down a hallway in the toward the locker room with some jockel. He came up to his puppet costous and he's patting him on the ass. I mean, why is he a guy's in another guy's? That's that to me is like a... BOOM! W2AM, hello. I've noticed that Randy road use both of those Drew McElsanbikes to know. In our case, I'm bites. Can you believe that thick of a bit of a man? Yeah. Whoa. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. What about we's talking about top show groupies? Okay. They're all the same. Different, different flavors. You know? It's like curdle yogurt, different flavors, but generally the same. So Randy, you can go to the top page. Yeah. And Randy, Randy, and... Yeah. Who cares, man? Grow up. Grow up. Get a life. Get some help before they stick your ass in a ground paly. Man. Talk about chronic. Go take some chronic tonic. W2QAM, hello. Hey, how are you doing today? Pretty good, sir. That's the name I have heard in the world. What, what drew my toes? What's your name? You might have come. Oh, oh. Oh. Well, I mean, I hear it's a bit, but not a break. Another break already? Yeah. And I got a couple of those real estate guys. I'm going to have a guy. And I got everybody else's name. What is it? I got a couple of real estate scam guys. The name. I want to go with Dave Del Dotto. Oh, Gabe Del Dotto. I remember him very well. And the other one was Tom Loo or Tom Boo. He went to prison because him and his brother had some kind of racket where they were flying in the brother was a travel agent. Yeah. And how on the other side of the guy? The guy's a lot of time. So I'm crap on TV. Yeah. Yeah. Two men that herbal life died. He died. The herbal life guy. Yeah, he died. I think I would have been hit a black hair. There'd be blackheads. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that. He wasn't at all though. What was he in his mid-to-late 50s? 50s? No. He was like, I don't know. I think in his state's 30s. Oh, my God. Try the products. I think he died too many. Too many of the products. You are listening to me, you need to leave Rogers. It's glucidly. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. Your car. You love it. You need it. And you want to protect it. But how? You tried the club. You tried logic. You even put your trust in the wimpier of our lives. System that came with your car. But where did it get you? Now, the answer is here with the Palestinian Carolars. If it sounds that could wake the dead and a sure as head will wake the neighbors, the Palestinian Carolars works because it's not a mechanical device. It's a genuine Palestinian. And boy, is he a alarm? The Palestinian Carolars not only sounds a startling alarm, it also uses verbal messages to ward off with the intruder. You are too close to the vehicle. And if he's persist, the Palestinian Carolars will make them pay the ultimate price. I want like the car, these gobbles like my homeland. Time for your design. Whether you bought a sunset strip or the Gaza strip, you need the Palestinian Carolars. You're a Palestinian Carolars. You're welcome. See how easy we are, especially the values. Very custom kill about a minute and a half. But anyway, mark it down on your wrist. Mark it on your radio that's a very nice Monday. The last two weeks of the year, Stern is going to be on tape. So we're going to be starting a 10. Which we did this morning. It's about seven minutes of response. And then Stern is sure a 10. I'm going to be going to start whatever the hell we can get an opening in there. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You can relate to that whenever you can get opening, you just top right in. Sure. I don't see Marilyn Monroe speaking of that on our pool. Now I guess it will have to change the question. Is and then we can put in parentheses. Why is most successful? See what I'm saying? Okay. But I noticed that, yeah. I mean, I don't want you to be disagreeable now. At the end of the show, we almost got through the whole thing. But you need to put Marilyn Monroe in the James Dean also. I think the two of them could put it on there. Because I got to be honest with you. I just didn't see it. You know, I haven't seen any talent either one of them. None. Zero. You think she was a great actress? I didn't. He could act as a part of a paper sack James Dean. Everyone said he was overrated. Oh, overrated. He made three movies. He made rebel with other cause. Giant with Liz Taylor. And what's the other one he made? There were three movies. That's all he made. And then he got killed. Goodbye. Even saw many. Well, that's not a story. Saw many of course was. By the way, man. Anyway, so we've got to put those on there. I'm sure in fact, when I refresh the thing I fully expect to see Marilyn Monroe and James Dean on You're like, yeah, any second now. Wouldn't you say? That would say so. Let me take a look here. I don't see either one of Monroe yet. I thought I'd have to read the question now. So like I said, and of course, I'll be on vacation last for those people who hate George like poison. I'll be on vacation like the 23rd to the New Year's Day. And then George will be on vacation all this week so the people who hate me, where we're just get the information out there. So nobody has any more radio accidents. You know how that goes? Oh, I didn't know you were going to be on. Where's George? Or the other way around, yeah? Because one thing about San Francisco no matter what we put on, we always had that group of people who hate it. Especially to got a Randy S.5. He's my favorite. He's my favorite. He's playing both here. Now with him up. He was even a lower than Gilbert. Which celebrity is her one most successful because of personal appearance? Brittany Spears 172 and an equal one 12 back in the day. Pam Anderson 11, Jessica Simpson 52, asked in Kuchikuchi Kuchikuchi 35, Jero 29, Brad Pitt 13 and weekdays and doesn't. He started to move on up. Tom Cruise 1 and we just got our logic. Marilyn Monroe and Jimmy Dean. That's James Dean. You know Jimmy Dean with the sausages. Me and George Nick. Bye bye.