U.S.? I saw Jonough Gickesaf on that payroll maybe will really be kicking hands. How do you teach No Children single? We are sponsoring 0.566 Patreon QAN My Jelly Ford Motorไดied on thrower Roy The Middle Eastern World Roy Will be exploded Till the Mac people go With the gas that we sold him First time a crescer nation and The only one that's going Now more blood will be spilled To get that oil going Forget about Korea and The nooks they're toast to nothing Right queen is drilling it over and over into our head A gloom that Iraq has some Females of mass destruction Oh 3,000 people killed Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead Hey, there's oil to be content going after satown to Plaked Osama there's no longer mention of Unnamed in law that but no it's even turned all Comfy and complacent believe in every word of this Partial administration that controls us by fear through the E.R. manipulation and a right queen is drilling it over and over into our head Oh, my god, I ragged as some weapons of mass destruction Oh The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying We're all suspects now not the ash gruff is saying I have nothing to hide Tables partners all are saying I know video cattle don't have any reserve We're all the annihilation over each of us And have a virgin and scoped with no objection at all Jim a crack don't have the balls and the right queen is drilling it over into our parade Wasp and Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction Only a crack has some weapons of mass destruction Oh god Can I pray to you may number 12 before we get to the latest grotesque episode it's just a series of grotesque episodes one after another Ain't it that what's going on the grotesque episode is yours of the day do sure that's correct Here's the results the yesterday's pool and some people are gonna say when I announce today's pool You're doing the same thing in the yesterday, no or not yeah, no whatever it's different though It is different it's a moment should it on yesterday because this was like looking for needle in a haste although we had damn your 17-year-old darn year 70-year-old votes got to stay careful Hey listen you're good one to talk Close the most honest politician in the US a that's what we asked yesterday And they're all crooks 538 was the winner by hands down 32% of you think that they're all crooks and you're right Jimmy Carter 257 see the difference being honest as opposed to being like good for somebody really admired or it liked I mean honest is fine, but honest is not always good right how Jimmy Carter 257 he was a disaster He was the master of disaster week who's running in the third race driven by buddy Gilmour at young first tonight Jesse Ventura 222 votes John McCain 169 George's WD of Bush 102 6% say W is the most honest politician in the USA holy moly holy crap rat man 5 grand 91 Dennis Cassin is 69 even that bad do Howard Dean 55 Howard Dean was on the BBC this one they were interviewing Howard Dean and George said who that Well, I said it well sounded like Howard Dean to me. Oh, and guess oh my goodness Guess who was on Larry King's esteemed panel last night it always got these panels They got our panel that I do a Lieberman. Oh my god all I could say was oh him off of there get him off my TV Ralph Nader 36 Rudy Giuliani 33 Charlie Rangl 24 Hillary Clinton. She's got 23 that Dijk John Kerry 17 John Kerry's only got 17 boy Holy moly well, they know he lies a lot Robert Westler 50 Robert Burd 11 Jim Jeffords has got 10 rust fine gold 10 shit done much better And I think just don't know that cheesehead. They don't know who he is rust fine gold good man He made me the only one. It's like really honest to goodness honest and Bill Nelson last and least he's got a Out of damn there's 17 other votes Now before we get into that latest grotesque episode. I'm trying to postpone it as long as possible because it's really not too much to say about it But nevertheless Gabriel she's behind a beat of curtain today on the arrages.com I think this could be the best picture we've had on their since we started putting pictures on there. I got some more her But this is a dang good one July 30th 1963 that's her birthday Kansas City misery Is where she was born which makes her almost 41 But this picture is obviously from a little ways back Measurements 34 24 35 as penthouse pet in 1982 that's probably when it pitches from like 22 years ago Believe me you're like it sometimes credit is as lucy brunette Lauana chasse or money Just plain money Her list of films here man. It must be About 30,000 Problem child three fear of a black hat angelized 1993 how would it suppose to miracle be Monchi what we better not say that pen house sat in and lace the body chemistry two evil tunes 976 evil two the astral factor Or that's just the airball spactor uncaged 1991 hard to die playboy fantasies to transylvania twist Cleo slash Leo Return of the swamp thing not of this earth that stalker too. I mean she it's just amazing amazing woman on the moon Amazing woman on the cockamone Emmanuel five baggiles four electric blue 34 and five Let's play that duck drop in now. I'm just a joke Flash dance She just played an uncredited stripper and flash dance. How do you like that? Uh-huh Didn't even get the any credit for airplay to the sequel in 82 Night shift and young doctors in love. She's been all kinds of stuff and she stark naked as a jabbered Right there in the arraggies comery the over the age of 45 if you have your parents around to write your The nodo permission you can take a quick peek at it and you will notice when you look at that thing that John asked cross ice keep rolling around like a pinball machine He is following you like crazy. In fact, maybe rush is gonna take a peek at it too because he's watching a lot of porn Oh these days Especially no homo erotic porn. I will get to that straight a little later. Yeah Because that's what stimulated all this Faggarly going on there in a rack. They saw just a lot of these images Put on the pole and what is that? Homory ratic on there's the down rumsfeld Two levels in a rack quite a vigorous exchange between the two men Well, I can say is that the Division commanders are telling general abyssey that's the right number general abyssey Is telling general mires. It's the right number general mires is telling rumsfeld and president Bush is the right number You could be right Well, they all don't think so They're scared the death They're not They're just the death the ass for more They're going the ass for more absolutely not Wow Fritz Hollings look almost like he was alive. Do you see that? No, he's been dead 10 years nobody told him about it anyway speaking of radio Era America shut stores in L.A. in Chicago. Oh my god. I like that line nine is already ringing That's there. I wasn't that was a good call to us. Thanks smell it. Huh? They'll call back Oh, that was gonna be a really good call. You'll see WQA and hello Everything every day. Oh Air America shut store. Yes same thing from you every day air every single day We could if the whole rest of the audience just vanished from the face to the earth He'd still be there Air America shut stores in L.A. in Chicago progress media's liberal talk network officially shut the doors on its Los Angeles in Chicago sales offices yesterday I'm Monday. I take that back. Air America radio president John Siton confirmed the closing of both orifices telling R and R There's no sense in having a local sales operation in a market where we do not control a station We're seeking standard affiliations in those market right But here's line nine WQA and hello. I'm your pardon. You want a great call. Yeah, we'll wait for it They're gonna get it for me. Okay There's our first honest call or the year Change the topic change the topic Come on Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I call for my live. Hi, yeah, hello Hello, yeah, yeah Oh, was he a minute Well, what a quick change our list he was, huh? man. He just ripped off that dress We are seeking standard affiliations in those markets L.A. in Chicago. We said American What ever in America lost its L.A. in Chicago? Will fully it's last month following that well publicized dispute with multi-culture radio broadcasting over I'm a era America's reported non payment for least airtime and then they said we didn't do this and they did that and the meantime their employees aren't getting paid either yet kind of like a Joe Rose deal So error America and I don't want to say I told you so, but you know what I told you so they've got real tourists baby They got real real heavy duty problems. I'm gonna give you today's poll real quick before we talk about that Head the problem Forgetting about honesty who is your favorite American politicians? See that should have been the end we're only doing this for one hour. Don't get all panicking bed out of shape and we're not allowing you to add to it That's gonna really get him pissed off. Where this little they do. I don't care what they do I got I got a whole pile of stuff here, baby. I mean I realized that we got to get the whisperer in your four or five times and Madda Colin and those guys on which is fine with me. I don't really give a fine crap anymore, you know To all those checks all those checks showed up at the house yesterday. I don't really care They're all in the bank already Bonus checks and pay checks and talent checks and non talent checks. That's all that's all about right I'll just crap about well you're gonna get some really great calls on it. I don't care if we ever got a great call. You know I'm a we're in South Florida. We're gonna get a great call in South Florida. Oh, and how's that gonna start? Here. I'll show you a QA and hello Morning. Good morning, sir Two quick things number one with the over under on Randy being back in town by the kickoff sea of football Oh, yeah And the other thing you do have to get a new sounder for the new Brad hit movie coming out Starring hell and oh, boy We already got drool We got it. We're ready. I'm gonna have a great day. Yeah, what's good call? He was good drool To burn anything else we had to He was all the past of yeah For getting about honesty who's your favorite American politician only one hour of this I'm realize it's painful and this is not the same as yesterday George W. Bush built Clinton John Kerry take Kennedy outsharped in Howard Dean just even to Regime Carter Bob Graham Hillary Clinton Dennis Gocenett Charles Wrangled Carl Levin John McCain Joe Biden or they all suck that's the poll Just try adding to it and you'll see how fast Josh types it on there under penalty of death In fact, I don't want to like you know Pylon of this growth test story we had yesterday, but a few if Josh adds anything on that list We'll turn his head right into up. See him. Yeah Factor that you can say see him So I think based on that suggestion or he probably ain't gonna be had nothing doing are you Josh? No 1013 at 560 WQM you know Vulmas TV, but it's not just your regular pedestrian it's high definition TV delivered via satellite dision HD receiver The picture is so clear so superior to regular TV you won't believe it the quality's like comparing the latest DVD to that old wedding video Vulmas the only entertainment system designed for high definition TV Vulmas got the most HD TV anywhere is improvised all the equipment necessary to enjoy the element HD TV experience including the satellite dish HD receiver and the remote too and Vulmas got over 30 channels Bob third man of HD programming can watch ESPN and high definition you can reach right in there and scratch Tom Brady right on the ass That's three times more than you get from cable and they have all your other favorite channels like HBO MTV even our local channels as well Such as they are Vulmas got over 120 channels of great entertainment waiting for it Vulmas even as exclusive channels of HD movies music and sports that you can't get from your cable or satellite company So with Vulmas get everything you've got now plus all these new awesome high definition channels What's not to like call Vulmas today toll free 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 86 66 or visit monoweb at vulm.com for a limited time offer which includes free installation no up front cost and no long-term commitment either That's 1 8 6 6 8 4 8 8 86 66 or vulm.com to start booming today offer ends May 31 so get with us My junior Honey Baby So Paula Jones you got a new nose that don't impress me much She ain't stuck he would marry the mom she got herself a wife all and a dummy talk But she's still as ugly as a hockey plug Surgery Not No, I could have told Will Chamberlain the hottest guard Well, stay safe, shake your spatula She takes you so bad So Monica, you lost 40 pounds That moment just made much Well, you got the race, but I've got the touch Now don't get me wrong, I'm gonna get alright But tell him give me a little better, may I have a lie? All right, my love and trust me much I'm safe, but my trust Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin Star When she gives birth, I've like her offspring should hatch Big ol' wings, and then ask so much Oh, she makes a special Rectomy I don't want to thank you so much So Hillary, you're going to be a son of her from the art Not though, impress me much Oh, I'm on this way You got the brakes, but I've got the touch Now I'm gonna get me wrong, I'm gonna get alright But now I'm giving it all up in the mirror of a mine My mom, my love and trust me much I'm like you, better my sight in the women of dress Oh, right, I've got you Hence, 21, I guess they love you too, Boba Because, by and he's going to win this thing hands down the sour Forgetting about honesty, and of course, only light about was a few Ah, jobs Who's your favorite American politician, Bill Clinton 48 They all suck 26, John McCain 10, how do you like that? Nobody's even close to Boba's ass Well, just even to her seven, George W. Boyce 6 6 6 stubborn See, here's a guy that not only lied about weapons of mass destruction And everything else that's going on with his whole rank business But set off all these young people to be killed, slaughtered But he's a six people out there, still say he's their favorite politician He's a Christian Gornish, health and man, Gornish, health and religious fanatics I'm not talking about Muslims, I'm talking about born again Christians Orthodox Jews, phonetical of Muslims, all of these things Crazy religious people, sorry for the redundancy All of these things George W. Boyce 6, Bob Graham, 4 take Kennedy, 4 I voted for Ted man I love Ted Kennedy He is just like I said yesterday, when I see him on the air there Knowing that he's still alive, just makes me feel like there's a little Teeny tiny bit of a hope of glimmer He's a good guy How sharp and four? Jimmy Carter 3, I mean let's face it So Rick Sanchez knocked off that guy in front of the stadium here Who would you rather have to lead us out of the wilderness? Take Kennedy or Rick Sanchez, huh? And there's no Kennedy speaks English with a heavy Boston accent Jimmy Carter 3, John Kerry 2, Dennis Cassinence of Parageau, Biden 2, Charlie Rangle 1, Howard Deans, got 1 Hillary Clinton's got 1, a big one, and Carl Levin don't have any other First 127, you better hop on that pull right away 1 hour only today Video shows the heading of American captive in Iraq Oh my god Now of course you can see the video if you're real sadist if you're sick We're not going to discuss where and how but you can see it online And I'll kind of link to website posted video yesterday But American man in Iraq speaking briefly before being beheaded by his mask captors We're going to catch him though Oh yeah, we're going to make them pay course they all have masks on We have no idea what their identity is There are Arabs Muslims I see it in the whole video of those so that kind of arrows it down See like Osama we know what he looks like In fact evidently if these No if these video tapes are authentic he hasn't even changed his appearance That's how cocky he is right now confident he is that they were never going to find him Hutspah he's got some real Hutspah he's a cheeky monkey So we know what he looks like and we can't find him Now here's five guys with hoods on But we're going to get him that's right His captors said the US refused to change him for prisoners in the obf A grib prison the senior US official told Cable not seen at where he doesn't believe that to be true The captors also wish you to direct statement to prison Aboust the worst is coming and God willing the tough days are still to come You and your soldiers will regret today that you touched the ground of Iraq In the video the man identifies himself as Nicholas Berk 26 of Pennsylvania And the show's sitting in an orange jumpsuit in far five armed Hooded men The one standing directly behind Berk reads a statement identifying himself And then Berk is pushed to the floor Berk has heard screaming as his throat is caught One of the captors then holds up his severed head For the mothers and wives of American soldiers We took this that we offered the US administration to exchange this hostage For some of the detainees in Aboust grave And they refused the hood and man standing behind him Her consent just before the killing Coughens will be arriving to you one after the other slaughter just like this he be saying Why not spokesman Scott McClull on told reporters this shows the true nature of the enemies They're free and they have no regard for lives of innocent men moving in children As opposed to also have so much regard for innocent men moving in children Like the 16,000 innocent Iraqis civilians men moving in children who have died Because of our attack because we're going to bring them emancipation by the capitation And at the Pentagon officials confirmed that a body found in Iraq by an army patrol Is the person shown in the be heading video So they got the body which they're sending home but no head The website also said the killing had been carried out by Aboust Aboust's carway The leader of an Islam boy is not true by the way they said they studied the voice and the whole deal Not him The leader of an Islamist terrorist group the claim responsibility for numerous attacks on coalition forces in Iraq The voice on the tape could not be verified is that of Al-Zahqawi Uh cable Nazi network staffers familiar with his voice had the voice on the tape did not sound at all like him The state in the statement the captors referred the abusive Iraqi prisoners of hands of US military personnel saying the picture of the sauna The news of the satanic assault on the people of Islamic men and women will not be tolerated Burk was not a soldier or a civilian employee the Pentagon the state department said he was a Construction communications repair guy He was over there to make a buck Not a good idea Not a good idea to be hanging around in Iraq Well they heard the most of they didn't want to throw it over there Yeah, that's right You mean like their telno sir be dating get that a lot And be now Now Now Salem Chalabi The man hitting the Iraq Warcurrent Trimes crime's criminal Tribunal What did you say? From the city yesterday the coalition is considering the possibility of handing Sotem Hussein to the Iraqis for the before the June 30th date for sovereignty God third man They're going to hand him over to But Chalabi claimed he was miscoded in this understeady status But he's not a lot of work that defensive turkeys for Sotem will have to do It's likely would not be the first of the suspects tried They're going to hand him over for the Iraqis to try And oh, I see what it be escaped Would that be something Or if he should hang himself into the jail cell Right, or get struck by lightning Right, or get tortured by some a sadistic bitch from trailer park Yeah Twenty seven past ten at five sixty WQAM What's the point? What are we going to do? What am I going to tell you? Insanity, unleashed by El Presidente Unleashed by a bunch of neo-con lunatics Maniacs But it's worth it It's worth it Don't forget if they just wouldn't have flown them planes into those buildings And we wouldn't have to be taking care of all these Iraqis Oh, they did do it? Oh, at least the gas prices made it worth it That's correct All that cheap bugging ass that you're paying pretty soon three bucks a gallon for I mean, what's not to like Twenty seven after ten at QAM, let's face it We've talked until I'm blue and I've faced about fast rain But I can't make the call for you if your life is just useless I have no right I pay check is an embarrassment Well fast rain, making that one call could change all of that If you have the dedication fast drink and provide you with an esoteric training Can help you achieve a new high paying computer career By the end of the summer and just foreshared months You can be on your way to San Jose And by the way, they think last night or what? Fast rain's got day night and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend and weekend So check them on the web if you like first to get more information about what they'll do Free at Fast rain.com and then make that call that can get you some training Some skills and a big fat paycheck that goes with a real career Call toll free one eight six six fast train Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend Fast rain's got day night and weekend and weekend Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rodgers Good morning this week I propose a series of new ambitious steps To build on our recent success against prosperity and new jobs We must continue to turn our backs on America's families and workers and entrepreneurs We'll put good companies out of business and good people out of work Including every farmer rancher small business owner In the coming months I will continue to work with Congress to achieve these important measures Requiring all states to criminalize productivity, manufacturing and housing Construction and others who move at this economy forward Thank you for listening And have a great day 1032 to a five 60 WQM from the current village voice the doctor of atrocity us against them a traditional institutionalized brutality Some of these just vaccinated Well, I'll put that near the bottom of my pile. I got I got just tons of stuff here. I don't want to do a lot of reading today Do I got just a whole pile of stuff? I mean, of course it appears what a lot of those great calls like this one online three QAM Just try being over Joe for you Yeah You know why I'm listening Well, basically I'm you know Yeah, but tribunal against the soldiers for the the tribunal hearings of those terrorists Yes, yeah, the hearings So it's okay for them the cut people's heads up and mutilate people, but a few pictures and You know, I'm saying it was okay for them to cut people's heads over here I never hear anybody Hold on a second. I never hear anybody Hold them accountable for the growth test access Oh, you're crazy for a man. It's all everybody's screaming about the last 24 hours. What a bunch of barbarians They are nobody holds them accountable. It's okay for them to do that, but if we just you know, so another is we should act like they show That's what you're trying to say Who's that's all we can who can outfarb bearer the other guy Okay, we'll show you people a thing or two. We're gonna poke your eyes out We're gonna stick our cattle pride up your ass and then we're gonna turn the juice on for those wires that you're holding in your hands and knock you off that little Thimble that we got your standing on doing that bouncing act you've simple to new idiot Grow up, okay, you're freaking life. I have no more. Simple than you then What the hell were we doing there in a first place? So what are we doing there right now? Okay in June 30th can't come fast enough But what are we gonna do on June 30th and who would give him a keys to on June 30th? Ahmed Chalabi and as much a thieves and crooks Ali Baba in the 40th thieves? What the hell are you kidding man? Everything here is based on a lie all of these lives that are just being tossed down the toilet like they weren't even existed. It's all because of lies And you're right about the one thing is the tribunal the hearings are just a dog and poliso It's just a chance for a bunch of self grandizing Pantificators to sit up there and pop their chest up, but I will put about that's all it is Now what are they accomplishing? Anybody who really believes that these soldiers just woke up on morning of course it was only just a small handful And the senator in half from Oklahoma here's a guy he ought to be on the death row this guy for stupidity. He's outraged by the outrage In fact he should he should have open his last pump that just called make a good pair those two He's outraged by the outrage and you just a handful just six or seven soldiers who just went off the depend and a yacht yacht yachty and Right You can't deal with a white wingers because where there's no sense there's no feeling Senator in half They made a Broadway play about Oklahoma. I have one question about that as a matter of fact. Why? Yeah There are three places. I'm going to warn you right now not to go to number one is Iraq number two is like Israel okay number three is Oklahoma Okay, right those down ready. Yeah, right him on your wrist like an momentum because you're ready to render a lot of stress these days right him on your wrist I don't think I'm even by a do not be heading for Iraq because you will be in the wrong place at the wrong time do not be headed in Iraq Do not be headed in Oklahoma and certainly do not go anywhere near Israel do not send your kids over to the Kabuts Yeah, oh yeah, we got some of these crazy Jews are still sending their kids over to the Kabuts. Oh my god They got on the bus and got blown to bits. I don't understand why I didn't expect that For getting about honesty, who is your favorite American politician? We're asking on the arajus.com and Bill Clinton's got over 100 votes already Bubba's got 102. Bring it back Please cracker please Bill Clinton 102 they all suck 47 Just even church 22 John McCain 13 George W. Bush 11 4.4% of this astute audience still says George W. Bush. He demand He's a man of the cloth. He's a man of the Lord even though we don't go to church even though he lies like a trooper Ted Kennedy 9 he's right on W's ass Jimmy Carter 9 Bobby Graham 6 Dennis percentage 5 Al Sharpton 5 Joe Biden 5 Howard Dean for John Kerry for Charlie Wrangle 3 One for Hillary one for Carl 11 with those granny glasses 247 votes You only got another 24 minutes to vote on this one then we get to the real piece of resistance for the day That's when we really separate the men from the glam okay Michael Angela senior early in the New York press rights conservative media punits revel in their personal responsibility and stand up like a man mantras Hope when the spotlight shines on one of their own they quickly become the epitome of the lame stereotypes They have long perpetrated the whining scissy boy left blaming everyone but themselves for the problems that air us Case in point After days of silence on abuse by American soldiers of Iraqi prisoners and the detrimental effect will have on US national security They conservative national review ran a piece online by Jonah Goldberg trying to offer us some context for these crimes In Goldberg land who you suppose is to blame for the abuse in the ensuing public relations disaster Was it the president for taking us to war based on false claims about weapons of ass destruction including the wrath of Muslims in the region and thus opening us up even more hatred and violence and something like this abuse occur Was it Donald from spell for doing the war on the cheap allowing the command to break down leading many tests As if it in private contractors could operate without any authority and covering up reports of wrongdoing from Congress know the true culprit was CBS Okay, of course CBS hit every right to do what it did Goldberg wrote discussing the airing of the photographs of the brutality But that's irrelevant nobody suggesting the government should have stopped them. I'm suggesting that CBS should have stopped itself Now we'll all have to live with the consequences and some of us will die from them in Goldberg land when shocking images might stir Americans to favor war Such as those depicting people jumping from the twin towers during the 911 attacks and those showing the charred bodies of Americans of it in contractors in Iraq The serious journalist show great restraint But Goldberg claims when those shocking images had the opposite effect the Ted couples let it fly I Don't know about you, but I recall seeing images of people jumping from windows of the twin towers on television and certainly in newspapers over and over again Until the families of the victims finally completed the media about insensitivity and sheer overkill No one asks for the footage to be censored as a way of inhibiting war which in the case of Afghanistan The vast majority of Americans who just about every liberal media punnet were in favor of it are still our to this day As far as the structure of the buildings goes we've seen that from every angle and still do in news programs and documentaries And it was on a front page of the New York Times the paper that right wing conservatives you as the bushating anti war organ where I saw photos of the burn bodies of the contractors just a few weeks ago Put a hold on one of the conservatives offensive theories about who's to blame for the brutality of the Iraqi prisoners However, and they'll spin out yet another one if it's not CBS and the rest of the liberal media that's it felt then surely it must be built Clinton the homosexuals, right? I think it's a good point to pause right let let that sink in while I do the break and it will come back and finish the article I love this stuff here, and of course, you know like that one crank says who you're reading to all people can understand it which leaves you out Anybody with an IQ larger than their thumb okay, which like I said leaves that guy out and several of the others out there, but that's okay We're keeping them off the streets It must be built Clinton and a homo is that must be it? 20 to 11 at 560 because rush pop out of the ones we'd heard don't make mistakes Let me tell you right now about the financial group You know you've heard us talk about these folks. They're a credible only one mortgage program with that unbeatable One and a quarter percent break for the purchase or refinancing your home one the quarter percent That means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror three thirty four a month 200 thousand not loan your page a sixty eight a month now they're advertising on TV they're all over the radio They're on your pop-up toaster this program's got everybody talking Only one mortgage makes it possible and only financial group makes it available for you So we finance your current home get money for renovations moved to another home and never pay fees or closing cost again zero closing costs zero credit bureau fees zero application fees zero discounted points zero everything This is for real so get more information by just making one easy call confidential group at one eight six six three nine five lend to find out mole That's one eight six six three nine five L.E. and the only one mortgage It's the only mortgage you'll ever need There were equal housing lender credit restrictions apply four point two five APR rates subject to change monthly You wait and way Have you told that the food at five six oh Let's make these up CSI comes up show about tackling the next years criminals on the planet Wacky morning show DJs it's FC CSI okay people we've got a shock Jack making Skellological comments about the female anatomy let's roll See the guardians of these and see take down the perfair's a bill on FC CSI You guys get that yeah that's three points two juggies a big dangler and a Lewinsky sir We've got a case let's move Okay, I'll take call it 14 for tickets Freeze I will be one I do you're under arrest for the efficiency on the airway Come on, they're okay. Well if you let me go I'll give you a morning's who teach it I don't want your t-shirts come I want your ass in jail That's give me third can you say and stir I can I'm not on the radio I'm a D.V FC CSI only on CBS when we're not exposing genic vaccines pressed on the Super Bowl We're exposing some really serious crimes 1045 at five 60 WCM some Michael senior ready goes on to say Last week I actually heard right wing radio chat while in a taxi in which colors on the host agreed That we wouldn't have seen this kind of homosexual brutality against the prisoners if bill Clinton and not let homosexuals into the military And if the torturers are not gave themselves then surely there are product of the Clinton era and it's homo loving policies James Toronto the often idiotic moralizer at the Wall Street journals opinion journal Alainted tomatoes attempts to blame the barbaric soldiers actions on the American academic left had me cackling with laughter soon after it came to me in my email box Get this He says it also occurs to worst that increasing the quality of military recruits would probably help avoid future obbo graves One constructive step toward that end would be for elite universities to drop anti military policy So that the military would have an easier time setting up the best and brightest younger Americans Many academic institutions of art rOTC or military recruiters from campus for left wing political reasons First is a protest against the Vietnam War and later over the Clinton era don't ask don't tell law Whatever the merits of these positions at time the academic left showed some patriotic responsibility and it now is at the defense of the country Which includes the defense of their own academic freedom is more important than the issue do you are? Could anybody make more of a stretch in attempting to demonize those he despises while deflecting criticism of his own well as always hand culture via David Brock's terrific new media matters.org website which has focused on all of the bios viewers on the right I found this quote from an encoder speaking on Fox News and blaming the soldiers would tell the un-woman She said I think the other point that no one is making about the abuse photos is just a disproportionate number of women involved Including a girl general running the entire operation. I mean this is a lesson You know one million and forty seven on a wide woman shouldn't be in the military and addition Not being able to carry even a medium-sized backpack women are too vicious Similarly the anti feminist columnist Linda Chavez George W. Bush's one-time labor secretary nominee Who withdrew when she was found to be ping and legal immigrant housekeeper off of the books Suggested that the presence of women in the unit actually encouraged's more-must behavior especially of these sexual nature that the pictures reveal Another conservative finger point is seem to get worse limba all hot and sweaty during his week-long quest to downpour the images as nothing more than college fretboy games Donna and Hughes on National Review online asked why are we shocked by these images from alabograe But when the victims are women or gay men the images are called pornography or adult entertainment Yes, she was attempt to explain and excuse the behavior and give anti porn crusader John Ascrock Lord Christopher his twisted mill by claiming that the reservist might have engaged in these active torture because they'd seen them played out in porn films Of course according to that logic we should ban the past of the Christ because of people played out these sitomastic scenes in that film We'd be taking down bloody crosses Mary's to a speak corner That god-limba thinking and making some lurid confessions if you look at these pictures You cannot deny that there are elements of homoir arautism you said I've seen things like this on American websites You can find these if you have the passwords to these various porn sites you can see things like this and Hughes and Hughes point was maybe these kids the soldiers the guards whoever are of a certain age group who've grown up with access to this Are simply acting out what they've seen on these websites or something just for the fun of it or maybe other reasons He's seen these porn sites I have another another crackpot deflection regarding this brutality to be sure But now we also know what limba was doing on those oxy-content days nights Funding for his password looking for those homoir erotic websites live and learn says Michelangelo, senior really You're evil pop another one right? Take a look at this oh my god 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line only got a few minutes here for this first pool today And we can see important stuff the real the real nitty gritty that's gonna determine the course of our program for the next two and a half years You do understand that don't you? Of course you believe it No don't answer Forgetting about honesty who's your favorite American politician? That's our first pool question. Today. We got 239 votes Wilklin 144 they all suck 60 Jesse Ventura has got But third man George's Vemity of Bush 21 6.1% there's that 6% again, and that stubborn few who just refuse to be bothered by the truth Don't confuse these people with the truth because the truth shall set you free Malonette brainwashing is rodent what used to be a brain John McCain 21 Jimmy Carter 11 10 Kennedy's only got 10 that's where he said Bob Graham eight Dennis considered seven Al Sharpton seven Howard Dean five Joe Biden five John carries only got four Yeah, that's part of the problem right there So I'm curious to reason the eight like way ahead is because we don't like them all that much Week Charlie Rangle three who are we putting through in Carl 11 has won he'd have a lot more Sifters granting glasses those are out Right now until that cam bone guy whatever his name was to that had the right wing hack hand bone Hand bone connected to the well job bone Speaking that PFC England says I was told a smile for photos to put psychological pressure on Iraqi prisoners Of course the interesting part about that is that they're all like face down on a ground Yeah, but don't confuse people with the facts. They had been North Carolina man Let's go right to the old trailer park right now. Oh my why the army private facing a court marshal for being photo-graph Would they get Iraqi prisoners? She was following orders to create psychological pressure on them PFC Linda England told KCNC in Denver yesterday that her superior's gave her specific instructions on how to post for the photos as to give the order She would only say persons in my shade of command In photographs that have been shown worldwide England 21 it seems smiling with a cigarette a faggot in her mouth And she means forward and points at the genitals of a naked hood of the Iraqi another photo taken at Baghdad's obbo gray prison shows her holding a least at Encircles the neck of a naked Iraqi man lying on his side I was instructed by persons in higher rank to stand there holding this leash look at the camera and they took the picture for Siaf's psychological operation sheet hold a station I didn't really I mean I didn't want to be in any pictures. She said she also says she thought it was kind of weird The interview was take Tuesday at Fort Bragg that would be like one of those hooded freaks that was at that be heading yesterday Or went over to hell and took place they take came out yesterday one of those headed freaks saying well I really thought it was kind of weird See what I'm saying yeah, I didn't know what they were doing there Yeah, I mean I was just following orders, but I thought it was kind of weird This guy told me to stand here with this thing on my head the interview was tape yesterday at Fort Bragg north Carolina where England a military Reservist from West Virginia from a West Virginia trailer park Met on a team met with one of a team of Denver lawyers who volunteered to take her case Ask whether the worst things happened and those already seen on the photo she said yes, but declined to elaborate Also, the spirit is praise the photos and just told us hey you're doing great keep it up England faces a military court marshal and includes charges such as conspiracy to maltreat prisoners and assault Consumated by battery and could face punishment ranging from a reprimand of war than 15 years in prison You don't have a good time in there. I thought looks at her. She thought I had that bite me first We don't feel like we were doing things that we weren't supposed to because we were told to do the minglin said We think everything was justified because we were instructed to do this and do that this and that and They did it they did this they did that So there you go. There's her story I here's what it says question mark and orange prison jumpsuit well that's the kind they favored at the gitmo and he still do and As a matter of fact, you know this general Miller that they sent from gitmo where he was being accused of being like lunatic they sent him over there to straighten things around and Iraq that should do it sure Yeah, crazy person And orange prison jumpsuit question mark it says just in time to justify our abuse how convenient Alcada in Iraq how convenient. What does that mean? I understand what that means another conspiratorial minded crazy person who just obviously just crumbling under the pressure Let's see Read it out here first. I just did okay So what what does this mean? I don't have any clue what that means do you carry socks is what he's trying to say yeah What did I just get your reading exactly Just got you saying nobody likes me so I got four percent of this got through a tiny then and of course this comes from greenville soft carolina even George don't like soft carolina Hey like we North Carolina a little bit, but he don't like soft carolina and soft carolina reminds me of one person. You know who it is? No Susan Smith. Oh, yeah, see those ends of soft carolina my mouth. Oh, so Susan Smith Uh-huh miserable bitch hateful saw sick twisted piece of crap And anyway Tides to big that on 60 minutes to again You're aware that aren't you? You told me this morning and American soldiers video diary showing her to stay in for racking detainees who died in her charges to be broadcast by a US network tonight And a further escalation of the prisoner abuse scandal at a shake in the Bush administration and we're out Rade oh my god CBS which two weeks ago broadcast the first picture of a rocky prisoners being abused in oboe grant a prisoner bag dead CBS today it's 60 minutes to program which show video footage depicting conditions there and another US run prisoner in southern Iraq called camp buca Was that camp buca Focusing Iraqi prisoners being sexually humiliated threatened by dogs and piled in the pyramids as gritting American soldiers look on have been published around the world A major setback to US attempts to stabilize your rack CBS at the home video did not show scenes of abuse been included comments by the soldier Whose name was not revealed a protector identity they make clear her dislike for the camp and the prisoners under her control and yati Adi Today it's 60 minutes too At least we're getting a little bit of advance warning this time because I wasn't watching it the first time do we see go because I didn't know they but they were gonna be showing and I don't watch 60 minutes to do you Not I mean what's a great while if it just happened to find it That is a rule but sometimes no So if they would have just told us ahead of time then we'd have been no, but then again They would have been cues to giving a too much publicity and try to whip everybody up into a frenzy just like a senator in offices from Oklahoma There's those flying sauces by the way do you see those? No, where what? I'm seeing in and I'm a cable and I see that work. There's the pictures. I won't get to that story later All right, you have foes in Mexico. Hey good timing on their part. Yeah, that's right. They came to goddess I'm telling you they're gonna they're gonna bail our ass out and I'm too soon. I'll figure that right now Tell Barerson. I'm gonna be something if these spaceship flying in turn out to be a bunch of schmotha heads in there Yeah, ragheads Woo Woo Little green ragheads not looking for no close encounter with that kind of a ship anyway If you can't ship these six at five sixty I said ship you heard exactly what I said as in your ship may be coming in lots sooner than you think if you don't cut the crap now Bill Clinton has got him beaten hands. Come on bubble. What do you say please? Pretty please one more term okay, well change the constitution for you. We'll take you back right now and spread all many mistakes Which you may be nevertheless everything being relative let him back in with his relatives. Yeah, he should Let's work. Yeah, I did her. Let's like Hillary and let him run a country. How do you like that? Okay But she must go around being the a diesel like the ice princess that she is and you can continue running a country from behind a scene pulling them strings Oh, I'm the puppet master 1057 a QA you know buying a mattress can be very confusing so many brands different model aims at every store It's nearly impossible to compare plus all those phony sales reporting about false promises strings attached And you really have to read that fine print which is why dial a mattress is so amazing It's the easiest as smart as possible. What you get new mattress because when you call 1-800 mattress You'll get the best prices on the best brands whether you're a delivery coming on schedule and the best customer service in the business Why would anybody with a brainwire want to go right and around? Skating to work up into a sweatshopping any place else getting ripped off dial a mattress one the 2004 better business bureau local torture ward for excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before doing an after the sale when you call 1-800 mattress You talk to one of their expert vetting consoles and you can rest assured you get in the best possible mattress and deal anywhere It's used for making complete line of all the top names. They got silly Sort of Simmons King coil temperpidic even turns bananas foster and Dahlamactors take same day orders all day long from kettle the store Palm Beach to Fort Myers And when you call him 1-800 mattress you still get to pick the date and to our River window you want that mattress delivered and their 99.7% on time you can't beat that I've been using dial a mattress for years and once you call them the first time you'd never think of Bynometres any other way calm today. They'll be not been on your door no time at all Siggad by the urlumpio of worn out mattress and get you a great unbeatable deal on a brand new one call 1-800 mattress or log on to mattress.com dial a mattress at 1-800-MATTRES the easiest possible way to buy you a mattress dial a mattress dial a mattress slip them on fire dial a mattress so it's on the TV the plan in more attacks goes on the head's not all this smoking crack I've got a funny feeling It won't be too inject If we take out all those maniacs So I'm singing dial a mattress dial a mattress I'm so damn tired I'm a bow-cutter I can't do this blow them up and drop them drop them up and blow them up I'm a bow-cutter drop them up and blow I'm a bow-cutter anyway I'm a bow-cutter I'm a bow-cutter I'm a bow-cutter I'm a bow-cutter I'm a bow-cutter ready, aim, fire and dial a mattress blow them up and drop them up I'm a bow-cutter blow them up I'm a bow-cutter I'm a bow-cutter blow them up I'm a bow-cutter to you, Dave dial a mattress dial a mattress G б start this Already down Okay, whatever. That's where Hank was yesterday. He's on a way to Baltimore today. We got the mad dog at two. We got Kimba Boakamper at the AAA Miami heat arena because they actually won again. So Kimba Boakamper will be there from 4 to 7 for rank. We'll be broadcasting tomorrow from Baltimore in the pre-chance. The Crow was on at 7 or 5 tonight because we got a half hour to kill her. Then you got Marlon's on deck 730. Marlon's who lost to the Astros was at 6.1. I do believe last night. Josh, oh Josh is out. We're training Sean right now. How big of a pardon? Josh went for a P-break. Yeah. Sean's a sports head. He might know. Yeah, Marlon's lost 6 to 1. Then what I just said, thank you Sean. Anyway, Marlon's a try to turn it around in the 80 or 5's game. Time and then you got to, oh, what was it? Look at this, the big tip of the game. That's bad. Oh man, it's always bad. That's a bad omen. 404 votes on at first pool. For getting about honesty, who's your favorite American politician, Bill Clinton man, hands down your pants. Nobody even close. 180 votes, bubble. We want to back now. Yeah. 180. They all sucks, 63. 6 of and 335. George W. Bush 26.6.4% of people who refuse to allow their brains or what used to be brains to be penetrated, who refuse to be confused by the truth. John McCain 25, Ted Kennedy only a dozen. Jimmy Carter 12. Bob Graham 11, Dennis Cassinigate, Al Sharpton 8, Howard Dean 7, Joe Biden's got 6. John Kerry only 5. 5. 1.2%. Chuck Wrangles got 3. Hillary Clinton's got a pair and Carl Evans got one right at the end of his pointed nose there but does a granny glasses in. John Kerry's got 5. So it's not just my imagination at the public out there, the anti bush grower. The anti bush grower, those of us who will do just about anything to make sure that you don't get another 4 years to destroy what's left of American democracy. We're getting mighty dissolution with a carry-mister and his waffling and wimpy and in that campaign. I should give you the results of this poll that's hinted online last night and this morning. Your poll question was, are US goals interact worth the cost because you like throwing in that line? They always kept telling us it's worth it. It's like metal and all bright set about those 500,000 Iraqi kids that died because of the sanctions and the depleting uranium on all these things. It's worth it. They keep saying that. Are US goals interact worth the cost? They had 89,000 in some votes. That's a few more than we get. Yes, 25,338. No, 63,700 percent it is come out to 27,28 percent yes, 72 percent no. And that's for me, widespread of Americana. Only 2 percent no, 28 percent yes. They're trying to catch it on. They're a little slow on the uptake. But they're finally catching on boys and girls that we've been led down to Garden Path. We've been con. They had no more of a game plan than you and I got. For how to help get out of this mess. What they were going to do after the battle finished off. Because they knew that there really wasn't going to be any big battle because they knew that the 1991, the Gulf first Gulf war. That was like they virtually destroyed the other than the Republican guard. There was basically nothing. There was a rag tag army. A rag hit army. And as far as weapons advanced destruction, we knew they didn't have any in a first place. Put it anyway. Don't confuse people with a truth. We still got that 6 percent out there. That's not a long way, Zaynid. That's done a long, long way from the olden days back. And they were always was like 17,8 percent. And the Bushluckers out there. Here's the pull for the rest of the show. Which of these best described, before we do that, let's take a call. WQAM Hello. QAM. That's his style of what? WQAM Hello. Hey, I'm only eye doing. Okay, sir. Listen, you like don't generally watch blue dogs. I see him sometime, yeah. He's been getting more news or into them. Yes, it's like the mouch can bleed. He had a call about outsourcing of jobs. I'll tell you ever talks about outsourcing these foaming at them out. Right. He had a representative of Busta on yesterday. He was a right wing conservative, putting it bluntly. But the man I was very surprised. He got on there and he said bluntly, we either need to reinforce the troops in Iraq as we originally planned. We talked about yesterday. Well, get the ground now. Okay. I didn't like now. No, listen around. Right. You know, I'm not saying you're a Bible separating like, but he's definitely a conservative. But he just said, this is ridiculous. We're losing men and women left right in the center. Right up. You know, blue dogs were so rude. He was somewhat in agreement. You know, I can't bear 100% agreement. You know, he at least listened to him. You don't lose dogs as a pompous ass. I agree. I agree. I agree. Okay. Thank you. Good news. Well, they see even a right wingers now are starting to say, hey, we got somebody got us into this mess. And has no idea how to extricate ourselves from it. See that. This is the thing that really gets me is people like John McCain and Joe Biden and others say and the Jewelie Bremen of course, of course, Jewelie Bremo is all in favor in the first place being the right wing hawk that he is. But the people will say, well, we're already there. Whether we should have been there or not in the first place, that doesn't make a different city more, you know, a Biden is saying that in the machine. Well, what kind of crap is that? So now there's we made a mistake. We got sucked in based on a bunch of lies. So let's see how many more lives we can flush down the toilet. Let's see how many more billions of dollars we can flush down the toilet. If we were spending just a fraction of the hundred and two hundred billion, whatever, it's going to eventually wind up being billion dollars to really be fighting terrorism, then we wouldn't have alcatta capturing people and slicing their heads off. Because once a band, then when they take these poles and they keep showing, oh, well, Bush still gets really high marks on fighting terrorism. We're not fighting terrorism, idiots. He's not fighting terrorism. He's creating it in a place where it didn't exist. Oh. How is it possible, I know one of the reasons is possible because the American news media is such a pile of crap. Such a bunch of propaganda. They ought to be in jail most of them. But just suck holes. Just like Vietnam all over again, man. How many people have to die before the media finances all while maybe the same going just the way we thought of it. Maybe we don't have to be quite so patriotic. Maybe we don't have to suck up quite so much. Oh, Pete the chronic is a pig reporter. We haven't had one of these in a long time. Plantation pigs everywhere. University and Peter's Road and University Drive in 84. There are 10 pigs. They're shooting their radar. That was as of 11 o'clock this morning. So there's an update on the plantation pig report. They must be sure to uncash this month. So Governor yourselves, the courting meal. Okay, here's the second poll. Well let's take a call first. Come to QA and hello. Yes, I will create a comment about the name. He. WQM. Hello. Right here. Yes sir. What's up man? How are you doing, dear? All right. What's up with the red red and blue hoofs for nowadays, huh? Okay, see you now. I want to think I'm going to go. No, sir. I must be going to write side of it that I because for all the money in the world, I can know that a better job. Which of these best described by you listen to the New Roger show? That's our poll today. Here you got six choices. For a few laughs to hear the call as opinions to hear the crazy and crank calls to hear the stories near reads. I hate Neil but I can't turn it off or it kills four hours of my boring life. In other words, I have no line. Right. And again, I guess we ought to underline. Which of these best describes why you listen to the New Roger show? Because you know, there obviously is mixed in match a little this little then. We want to find out what they mean thrust. Can we say that? No. The main thrust is that compels you to listen to this program. For a few laughs to hear the call as opinions to hear the crazy and crank calls to hear the stories near reads. I hate Neil but I can't turn it off or it kills four hours of my boring life. I have no life. Life. Good poll by the way. My choice I heard there. And what was that? Because they gave me to. I see. Well, Josh would put that under tool. They're not paying him enough to really count. He does it. It's a labor of love. It's a labor of love. Well, where we said that before. Where have we heard that? 1113 at 560 WQM if your carpets look like hell man if they smell not too good either. They're too schmussy. In other words, if you've had some real problems on a floor. Here's the answer for you whether it's your carpeting your area or rugs your expensive oriental rugs you drape your furniture all of these things you're a poultry. Dry concepts are the people you might have counted because there's nobody in the world like them. They dry clean your carpeting. It's an exclusive pad that method that nobody else in the world even thinks about much less doing. Using dry concepts certified trained technicians. They dry clean your carpet same ideas directly near clothing which leaves them. vibrant and color. Saw to the touch they smell lemony first they look like you had brand new lathe on the floor. They're dry just a couple of hours and they give you a written guarantee price up fun before they start to work. What's not to like? That's why I've used them in my houses for over 20 years. And what's I can get you to use them one time you'll never dream or call anybody else again. And I'm wanted to give you a written guarantee price up front with no tack ons, no gimmicks of the end. But they also give you chances to save even more. If you call dry concepts, ask them to put you understand by a list which will save you even 15% more on your next carpet cleaning job. So call them today like I said the first time you use them that'll be it for life because you never dream of doing anything else. Call toll free 1-800-248-5071. Set a wasting all I money on brand new carpeting. Get your current carpeting looking and smelling and feeling just like brand new. 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcits.com. 1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcits. And you got a list of practical sitting on a gift you are award every time you open a box. It's a good thing. Get a jarms. Every box is full of bronze stars. Purple hearts. Green Glovers. Purple hearts. Orange moves. Purple hearts. And lots and lots of purple hearts. In fact, you'll be getting one every time you take a bite or break a nail. Look for the box shaped like a giant head. Get a jarms. They're magic places. They're part of a fair and balanced breakfast. And be sure to try carry ego-opples. The breakfast that never gives you a straight answer. Carry ego-opples. Skyrim and you'll say, carry Lego and that ego. Carry ego-opples. 118-18-22-bit and at last pool I'll tell you that. He did that week. Very week. Greg and Carl Springsers, Letterman who never misses a chance to make George Bush luck like to look like the fool he is, had the funniest line about the current situation last night. Said George Bush told Rumscoldy was doing an excellent job. Last time a person said that to someone he was looking under his desk. I don't watch Letterman. I think maybe now you understand why. Well, there are a lot of he's, you know, let's say a state of mind thing. Ah! Job. Fritz Hollings now this page one that you send me that's like off the side of the page and everything. Yep. But actually went to the newspaper. State.com, South Carolina's home page, Fritz Hollings, the senior senator from South Carolina Rights, why were in Iraq? With 760 dead in Iraq and more than 3,000 men for life, folks continued to argue over why we're in Iraq and how to get out. Now, everyone knows what was not the cause of this war. Even President Bush acknowledges that Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with 9-11. Listing the 45 countries where Al Qaeda was operating on 9-11, 70 cells in the US, the State Department did not list Iraq. Richard Clark and against all enemies tells how the US had not received any thread at there was in for 10 years from Saddam at the time of our invasion on page 231, John McLaughlin of the CIA verifies this to Paul Wolffowitz. In 1993 President Clinton responded to Saddam's attempt on the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush by putting a missile down Saddam's intelligence headquarters in Baghdad, not a big kill but Saddam got the message, much around with the US and a missile lands on his head. Of course there were no weapons of mass destruction, Israel's intelligence must sod knows what's going on in Iraq, it's the best. It has to know Israel's survival depends on knowing. Israel longsets would have taken us to the weapons of mass destruction if there were any, or if they'd been removed with Iraq, no thread, why invade a sovereign country? The answer? President Bush's policy to secure Israel. Led by Richard Pural, Paul Wolffowitz and Charles Crowdhammer for years has been a domino school of thought that the way to guarantee Israel's security, it's just spread democracy in the area. Wolffowitz wrote, the United States may not be able to lead countries through the door of democracy but where that door is locked shut by a totalitarian deadboard, American power may be the only way to open it up. On another occasion, Iraq as the first Arab democracy would cast a very large shadow starting with Syria and Iran but across the whole Arab world. Three weeks before invasion President Bush stated a new regime in Iraq would serve as a dramatic and sparing example for freedom for other nations in a region. Every president since 1947 has made a feudal attempt to help his real negotiator piece, the no leadership has surfaced among the Palestinians that can make a binding agreement. President Bush realized his chances at negotiation were no better. He came to office and bewed with one thought, re-election. Bush felt taxed, cuts but hold his crowd together and spreading democracy in the Middle East to secure Israel would take the Jewish vote from the Democrats. You don't come to town on answer Israel policies to invade Iraq, but George W. Bush has stated by former Secretary Paul O'Neill and others, started laying the groundwork to invade Iraq days after inauguration. Without any Iraq connection to 911 within we'd see at the Pentagon outlining a plan to invade Iraq he was determined. President Bush thought taking Iraq would be easy, work with said it would only take seven days. Cheney believed we would agree to disloberators, but Cheney's man, Osmaid Shalabi made a mess of the debatification of Iraq, but dismissing Republican guard leadership and Sunni leaders who soon joined with the insurgents. Worst of all we try to secure Iraq with two few troops. In 1960s and South Vietnam were the population of 16 and a half million, General William West Berlin with 535,000 US troops was still asking for more. In Iraq were the population of 24.6 million, General John Abazay with only 135,000 troops can barely secure the troops much less the country. If the troops are there to fight, there are two few if they're there to die, there are too many. To secure Iraq we need more troops, at least 100,000 more, the only way to get the United Nations back in Iraq is to make the country secure. Once back the French Germans and others will join with you when to take over. With President Push's domino policy in the Middle East gone a righ he keeps shouting war on terror, terrorism method not a war. We don't call the Crimean war with the charge of the Lai Brigade, the cavalry war, or World War II the Blitzkrieg war. There's terrorism in Ireland against the Brits. There is terrorism in Indian Pakistan and the Middle East terrorism is a separate problem be defeated by diplomacy and negotiation not military. Here a might does not make right, right makes might acting militarily we've created more terrorism than we've eliminated. Says Senator Frits Holley from South Carolina who they've brought up and gave a little oxygen to that's why I looked a little animated this morning and was screaming a little in a rum spell not bad. Only the idea of sending to more troops at this juncture ludicrous insane. You ready sending more troops? Oh yeah. We got to be the best describes why you're listening to the Oragia Show. That's our pull today as we try to probe the audience and find out what makes these people tick. Okay. Am I just spinning my wheels here and wasting my time? Oh, he's bedtime stories. All of this suit and lyrical crap. Sitting here and reading to a bunch of people out there who want to hear. And a bunch of sounds we can't play anymore. 89 votes. It's all we got so far. That's pretty weak. For a few laughs 58 60 per 97 votes 58, which is almost 50% just for a few laughs. You know like that. That's all. And when you're in South Florida for God's sake anybody can give you a few laughs for a free man. It's like a gift from God. That's the one. To hear the stories Neil Reed's 17 George who's the fan of these stories. What? I am a big fan. But that's not what I want to say. 17 and a half percent to hear the stories Neil Reed. I'm at his will be sitting in a corner reading to the food flies. It kills four hours of my boring life 14. I have no life. To hear the crazy and crank calls three. I hate Neil but I can't turn it off three. And to hear the callers opinions too. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, those callers are so important. They're going to understand. They're so dang important. Here the callers opinions too. Don't have a mind's milk. I've got it called yesterday who sounded like fairly coherent. And he may have been right. He may have been going somewhere. But nevertheless, assuming just given the better for the dog he really had something to say. And he was belly aching about the fact that he kept her you know we're doing screenless. And he kept ringing the phone and we're going to phone. It doesn't have time to like wait and about any he's wasted his minute because I had to go into a break. And he wasted his minute of fame. Billy, it can about the fact that we didn't take the call soon enough. And Yadi, Adi and low and behold, there was a minute to get. That's what times up. Perfect South Florida person as opposed to actually saying something assuming that he had something to say, which I seriously doubt was assuming that he had. And then of course probably muttering to him. So we'll do it. No wonder Neil, you know, we don't get any spark callers. We just don't know. Well, if you were to send something instead of Billy, you can. And of course, I've had how many million of those calls. Somebody here. I've heard of me. And in those calls, they spent all of their time belly again. Well, if you would have gotten to me sooner and I've been hanging on here for 20. And nobody cares. Nobody cares. I'm going to let pick sport. We could feed the team right here. It's a radio show. That's all. If you have the time to wait fine. That's that's great. No problem. If you don't have the time to wait. Also no problem. No, whatever. Here's the Rosser. Like Doris Gay, Adi said. To rock Hudson. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs. Let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free of adiwation at 1.866 at Oasis. That's 1.866. 2.862747. But more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understand the many facets of human resource management. Oasis is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to our friends at Oasis outsourcing. So do the smart thing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable. If you want a free of adiwation just give McCollors no obligation called toll free. 1.866 at Oasis. That's 1.866. 2.86747 for Oasis outsourcing. 2.866. 2.866. 2.866. 2.00. This is G Gordon-Witty and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogers. So that I'm going to go to the United States in America in the name of Allah. As you can see, I am still alive and well. And fighting evil. Wrath will come down on you Americans because I'm staying alive. Stay alive. I'm not a hero brother or one of your other. Stay alive. I'm making some fields of the city with breaking and everybody shaking. We're staying alive. Ha ha ha. Stay alive. Ha ha ha. Stay alive. By the pretty much went on till 0-5-60 WDKM, he's sure can carry out two in canning. Carry it where. That website, mediamatters.org, that David Brock website that Michael Missassini really mentioned in her column. That's pretty good. I just take a peek at it. Mediumatters.org. We got to probably make a link to that, Eric. Mediumatters.org. Got it. Where he really rips into all of these right wing liars. You know, the Fox News people and the Miss Fudge people and Rush all of these right wing maniacs. These hate mongers. These sickle fans. 151 votes on here. Which of these bestest grounds? Why you listen to the Neo Rodgers show? For a few last 86. 57 percent. Just for a few. That's all. You know, care about all this heavy duty stuff. They don't want to be depressed. They don't give a crap. They just want to hear a few yucks. Man, just a few silly sounds like. I guess that's the only one we can play anymore. Right. Well, this one. Right. And maybe I have no life stuff like that. The club's a food. Yeah. Anyway, few last 86. 57 percent. There's John Kerry. He ain't funny, believe me. Hmm. Unless you thought Herman Munster was a panic. When they would change a vote in the Senate, and they were not going to let it happen. So it's not really a one-goed margin. It's a mutable vote margin because they don't want it to happen. And it was very clear that even if it passed the Senate, they're not going to pass it in the house. If they're willing to reconsider and keep everybody's votes where they are, we're going back and doing. But that's not what they're doing. They're playing a game. See, there you go. See, they try to make it appear that his failure to be in the Senate yesterday. We've resulted in the unemployment benefits not being extended. That bill not passing because of Phil one vote short. But he makes it very good point. And that is that they were just manipulating the vote. So it would appear that it was one short. And they had enough people in the can so that no matter what it was, they would have voted against it. See what I'm saying. What do you say? I'm saying that he continues being made. They look like a loser. That's what I'm saying. To be manipulated. He should have been there. So he wouldn't be allowed to be put in that position. But nevertheless, he's got some bad handlers. And what happens with bad handlers, don't you? No, what? Bad results at the end of the election. Asked Howard Dean about that. Which of these best described, I'm that's right. I was reading this and then I saw John Kerry. To hear the stories Neil Reed's 38. Twenty three percent. One of those bedtime series. There's Bubba. What advice he's giving to Democrats? When I go inside politics, three third. Yeah, Bubba says, my advice is let me run again. Come on. Get another four years. Can you imagine all the jobs he can get in four more years? Now these learn to be a little bit more discreet on his feet. Let's hope. It kills four hours of my boring life. Twenty three has said that. I have no right. And we're delighted to do it at the right price. Here, the crazy and crank calls five. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off three. Here, the call is opinions too. Ha ha ha ha. In Rotter's jail, up in the Chappacaw. For three months, I have done nothing, but try to finish the story of my life. It was hard enough to live at the first time. It's been awful. Let's say, well, that's right. His book is up. We're going to read that. No. I like your lot, Bob, but I want to read your book. I have too many other books sitting on a coffee table. I've got books all up to my ass. Line nine is ringing. You know how good this always is. Speaking of great calls that the audience wants to hear. They're on pins and needles for this. WQAM Hello. Hey, Neil, I'm doing this. Pretty good. Neil, man. I saw the video myself. I mean, just a cry. Why would you watch it? I mean, I just wanted to see what was going on over there. And I can't believe it. We don't belong there in the first place. I mean, this, the Bush that I said, FM all, you want to vacuate fine. You want to vacuate fine. We should have been off of four or a year ago. Correct. I mean, the internal, the spot as cars go. The internal combustion engine. It's up as been out there. It's a dinosaur. That's correct. For decades, right? Okay. For decades. We should have been on natural gas or electricity. A while ago. But of course, this is the dark age. Just here that sounds like you're going to make somebody do a natural gas when you say that. I'm very angry to know that was gas. This is ridiculous. I can smell it all the way up here. I mean, it's about calm down relax. Okay. Why would you watch that? See, I can't imagine. What I can because that, uh, the faces of death parts one through a hundred was the most purchased video of all time. Wasn't it? We heard something like that. Or rented something like that. Or rented something like that. They get hold of the right faces of death. People like stuff films. That's what they want to see. Even the fake porno snuff films, uh, which they will fake. Great. I don't want to burst your bubble. But they won't fake anyway. Well, I won't make any difference because they were convinced that it was real. They got off. I'm at it. If I can I say that. Yeah. They got excited about it. So I don't know why you, but watch the, but he's right. And then I say that way back in the beginning. So about OIL and M.O. any why and about the Hall of Burton and Vectel and the Carlisle group and all these other grave robbers. That's what it's all about. And they murk in media once again continues showing their ass. That's what they continued doing. They just continue rearing their big fat pimple ass right. Your face and you keep looking at and say, oh, wow. How about that? Uh-huh. My god. We got a guy gets the capitated American. Not even a soldier for crying out loud. Not that they were making any better. But a guy who's just over there working trying to make a living. He gets his head chopped off. And what are they talking about? I'm the cable Nazi network this morning. Draw. Yeah. They must have spent a half an hour talking about Brad Pitt and Draw. Yeah. Well, who gives a crap about. Draw. I sure he's held down. George does because he wants to go see it. Right. What do you better forget about? Draw. Okay. And let's go. Let's go. We're connected. Or you to go. Or all but get about everything but Troy. Yeah. Draw. By the way, blind Michael me to Batavia. Okay. WBTA. Who's by lunch? I'll be looking for him. I'll keep an eye out for you. Five six seven. Nine ten and two. Five six eight fifteen. Five six six eight fifteen six six six six six. Five ten nine ten ten four夏. Five six five. Six six seven six七. Five six. Four ten and three five five five seven five five six six nine six six six six seven five five five six nine six eight six six six six six九 six eight nine yes, extensive eight nine ten seven laps five five six seven one six five five five five six zeit capabilities six five five five. Five six six eight six seven six eight six seven fifty seven five five six seven eight nine five five five seven six seven five four eight five six six five five seven four eight five six that eight seven one eight seven eight nine eight eight nine ten eight eight ten five five six seven nineteen. Seven nine seven five and seven seven seven eight one one two ten five seven five six seven eight four five six six on eight nine nine five five five five six four five six eight five five four. on a show every day make life easier there's one right right and there's there's that one here's here's another one right and then there's always little fall back on that wait right and then if you didn't like that one a lot of things didn't do for it oh the one I got I got to be honest with it my very favorite of all even even when they're waxy build up oh babbling bro broke his over cross the street at that oil chain place right now waiting to run into pitty bulge again to see how put her back on the air that say that it now they're in a better mood all of them spread of people getting their heads chopped off and all these people dying for nothing american public what they want to break they deserve a break today okay they're sure not gonna get a McDonald's they're gonna get a breakfast McDonald's what they're gonna get a few third guts off from that crap do not eat a McDonald's I'm begging you the good news is remember the other day on Monday got called in who was staying talked about since the Swiss hotel in the certain room on the damrak and Amsterdam the good news is right there in the damrak which is the main tourist trap uh... you know what across from that damn square uh... there's a new Albert high and Albert high is like the public's the big supermarket chain there's an Albert high and to go so it's like it's like a because they don't really have like a lot of convenience stores and Amsterdam i think it were they doing coping and there's a seven eleven on every street corner what's at all about the head and they have great square slices of pizza there to man there's a seven eleven every half of block in coping and Amsterdam and i took a big on that crap or on good food but Albert high and to go is like two doors for McDonald's so instead of when you read desperate and you know that they there's no good food to be found especially in quick go to Albert high and to go there used to be a record store there right on the damrak that's where our Amsterdam crowd out there it's right next to the pot all right it's seen i'm not that kind of pot it's a good scene where you can get like eighty one cents for the american dollar compared to the euro right now that in person whatever what whatever yeah well yeah whatever my ass what's troy coming out uh... i don't know i didn't know he was in the closet i just spoke to this point i could probably ask him hey try when you come and out yeah probably as soon as and we can also play these all day true right right to the battle of the right right battle of the ex fish twenty two noon as five sixty wqm nobody wants to talk about being seriously ill about cancer heart disease all of these things now if you have a uh... genetic predisposition like history and your family of heart disease maybe lung cancer if you're heavy smoker and you want to find out what's happening inside your body don't forget it's a proven fact that disease response extremely well to treatment if you'd detected early if you wait too long and good luck you will bring some flowers holiday diagnostic centers prior to announce their virtual colonoscopy which is so much less invasive than the uh... traditional colonoscopy you know what that's all about in fact up was done is an expert in that area coronary heart scoring in full body screening exams that can detect cancer other life training diseases in their early stages and doctors refer to leave it needed so for all your imaging exams call high with diagnostic center especially for you to be an old far like me which is why he had the exams couple which will be full body screening in the corner of heart scoring it just takes a matter of minutes you may not take all your close off he is later they stick your ass in the machine air and uh... then they show the x-rays of the entire inside of the body it's amazing it's like a virtual trip through your body column at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for the test i can give you and your family tremendous peace of mind or like i said if there's something bad going on inside your body find it early whilst still not too late and hollywood diagnostic center they are for state of the art imaging equipment with open mr i high-speed can't scan nuclear medicine and much much more hollywood diagnostics has been serving the community for over 20 years and their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic center that can come right to you for example if your just mothers should slip and fall and break her neck they can come right to her and maybe uh... in time or maybe not call hollywood diagnostic center today at nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred for those imaging exams today could be a life-saving phone call nine five four nine six six thirty six hundred my here sports video five sixty two a you a the neorock new arm robo it's the makeover show where five gay women show one straight woman how to act like a straight man queer pal for the straight yeah when it comes to fashion i got one word for you plan all plan all why plan all because men are pigs what's that got to do with my help nothing say you have pretty little thing uh oh uh thanks the club fiber and elite team of overweight lesbians in bimble brawl and crucuts and each is an expert in a different aspect of the twitch lifestyle transportation i got two words for you holly davidson but i don't really say you are a pretty little thing you want to ride watch every week as queer pal for the straight yell transforms a stylish straight woman from fab to drag this is nice to you where it got me be it no all i have it's wine white swine which reminds me men are pigs yeah you mentioned that boy you sure are pretty little thing yeah oh um got to go don't miss queer pal for the straight gal right after flattops and broken stocks where else but bravo it's who man lemphortie six fourteen to lune talk about a brook just like somebody shoved him off the end of a cliff which of these best describes why you listen to me a rarer show i think this is pretty i mean we've done this before right whatever in the distant past very and a long time and of course the taste of the public change saw him maybe a Monday they like uh rocky road maybe on Tuesday they're more into like butter skych see the only problem with butter skych is if you get like a butter skych some of the always put it on vanilla ice cream yeah right i just i refuse to even a ice cream it just has no taste i understand it's a bit of a sight with the sight eating cardboard well what's the point it would be like eating uh vanilla halava i mean not chocolate halava that's not too bad especially that real greasy kind of you were caught in brought to the hockey games that time to give me wild diarrhea and uh very painful deprecation on a better way the reason that was the selected record that spot they again they said he was an expert in that area attention man which of these best describes why you listen to the neorodges show for a few laughs hundred twenty three fifty four and a half percent here the stories near reads fifty nine twenty six point out before you've been wasting my time reading the result of this pull here it's the same thing with our website and we take an at pull every once in a while maybe we'll do that again soon too because we already know what the answer is they want to see the naked pictures right right which by the way we got a beauty of money kept real today it's uh one of our all-time best if you ask me it's a magnificent picture and also we still got the old boon in the box and the lovely Michael Moore and his gigantic rectum ass Michael Powell what i say Michael Moore well he's also got a big ass but it's a Michael Powell's much bigger ass little spotty of the poor Michael Moore don't worry the uh did i mention the can festival of starts today you didn't listen that oh we're gonna come festival starts day and it will be as in a can they'll be watching it will get all the awards again and it will be out this summer all over the country wither without eyes no okay wither without Disney wither without Mickey Mouse wither without your good friend oh is there all these people the price of arrogance for reads the carla but the website they they don't care about all the stores and i work my ass off and so do you what i'm not around to put really meaningful meaty stories under the kind of stuff that people read to be need to be reading that they're not getting from the general american news media and most people aren't going to be bothered with that crap how many people do you think really read those stories god food man yeah if i ever felt like i was spending my wheel that's doing that do you really yeah i'm talking about if i felt that if i felt that way i would just give up doing it and erick would be happy about that because it takes up a lot of his time and of course it wouldn't take up nearly as much of his time if he let you know turn the uh purse strings loose to so Josh can do some of that which is the reason i we got that uh that uh laptop computer yeah we didn't just get it so Josh can look at a bunch of porn or websites on air and like be a rush limbao junior we should have got a laptop dance there you go but nevertheless i mean you know one of these days maybe on a phasing a generous mood you'll say oh well guess what Josh i guess you can put some of the real simple stories on air but i don't really trust you do a right job i mean like this worries i think they're important but i just wonder i just wonder how many people actually read those stories but third man yeah the rest of the people and you'll notice how they tremendous volume of uh traffic we have in our website now since we started the beaded curtain and we have the naked pictures which i'd say about 90% of the guys i'd dare want to see the naked pictures of the broads and about 10% want to see paths boon in the box right right that's about right although there's not much to see no very disappointing maybe it was called that day moui pecania what i don't think it was cold at all although quite frankly i'll let you find out four packed with man what a another another sad tragic tragic youth gone the down to wrong road it came to that fork in a road man and i think he i think he took that 2D fruity road myself did you know that he didn't he recorded 2D fruity oh yeah i saw the video arudie yeah little ritchie and they didn't speak in a good at each other ever since and he's to be so tight now didn't we already do that pull on the worst remake of uh record didn't we do or did we do something like that yeah that's a sweet one you know what he says that yeah like go don't do that again yeah i i i'm not as slow as you think okay i caught that that that's really likes those pole build yeah oh yeah especially the ones where i have to have like 800 different names under song titles movie titles we're gonna be starting at tomorrow what's your favorite Shakespearean paragraph yeah what's your favorite word that we can still say on the air well the zoni got good man so that's your narrowed down for reads of carlorite well before i do this i probably should take some of the good calls w q m hello rap now what happened to the effects of rinjones see i didn't even need you on that one yeah hello see now i finally caught he's got that ton in his voice oh we got that ton rinjones yeah the great one that's actually chas spider anime to kill witches witch okay i'll leave you the the minutia the details of witches witch knows i'm top and who's on bottom w q m hello hey Neil yes sir i just wanted to let you know that i don't even go to the Neil Rogers show uh webbany where i just put a Neil god dot com to see if it's the be a curtain because you can go right to it right so i'm gonna say and thanks for your refreshing honesty sir there you go so he's trying to give me a stuh you don't need to go to your website just go to Neil so what do we care we put it on or she can look at it it does it really is an ace what off of my ass oh what do i care you know but you could tell by the way like the hidden run job they're like oh you don't have an ice cream click like like i is gonna hurt my feelings we don't care what do i care do you care about what the choice come it out right probably around the same time is uh tough for reads of color rights in newsweek the price of arrogance america zushrigan a new responsibility eras says present imposes part of his standard stumps speech where each of us understands where responsible for the scissors we make in life when speaking about bad c.e.o.s he's even clearer to what it entails you're beginning to see the consequences of people making irresponsible decisions they need to pay a price for their irresponsibility he says i take full responsibility said domorum stotomous congressional testimony last week but what does this mean secretary rum spelled hasty to wear that he didn't plan to resign or wasn't that ask anyone else who might have been responsible or resign as far as i can tell taking responsibility these days means nothing more than saying the magic words i take responsibility or maybe i apologize after the greatest terrorist attack against america no one was asked to resign and the white house didn't even want to launch into a serious investigation in a wood the 911 commission was created after months of refusal because some of the victim's families pursued it aggressively and simply didn't give up after the fiasco overreaky weapons and mass destruction not one person was ever even reassigned the only people who've been fired or cashiered in this administration are meant like general eric shynisky shinseki polo niel and larry linsey who spoke inconvenient truths roseville one honest testimony to explain that these terrible acts were perpetrated by a small number that's correct except the small number who are truly responsible or not the handful of uniform personnel currently being charged for the prison abuse scandal the events at abograib are part of a larger breakdown in american policy over the past two years and it's been perpetrated by a small number of people at the highest levels of government since 911 a handful of officials at the top of the defense department and the vice president's office have come in here to american foreign and defense policy in the name of fighting terror they have systematically weakened the traditional restraints that made this country respected around the world alliances international institutions norms and ethical conventions have all been deemed inexpensive and delta expensive indulgences at atomic crisis within weeks after 911 senior officials at the Pentagon and the White House began to drive to maximize american freedom of action the attacks specifically conventions which governed behavior during wartime rumsfeld explained that the conventions did not apply to today's set of facts he and his top agent tried persistently to keep produced out of a reach of either american courts or international law presumably so they can be handled without those petty fugging rules as a barriers rumsfeld initially fought both the uniform military and colon power heard that prejudiced guantanamo be accorded rights under the conventions eventually he gave in on the matter but continue to suggest that the protocols were antiquated last week he said again that the jiva conventions did not precisely apply and were simply basic rules the conventions are not exactly optional there the law of the land signed by the president ratified by congress rumsfeld's concern that al-Qaeda members did not wear uniforms and are thus unlawful combatants is understandable but that's an determination that a military court would have to make in war that would go on for decades you cannot simply arrest the teen people indefinitely on the say so of the secretary of defense the basic attitude taken by rumsfeld's senior top agents been where it were all these sub-piedies will have to wait as a result as i would not then you see the car copy of this up to miracle like a meadow all these niceties i guess will have to wait same difference as a result we've waged preemptive warrior and latterly spread international cooperation rejected you and participation humiliated allies discounted the need for local support and a rack and incurred massive cost and what and treasure if the world is not to be trusted in these dangerous times key agencies of the american government like the state department of the trust it even less congress's barely informed even on issues on which its advice and consent are constitutionally mandated leave process aside the results are plain on almost every issue involving postwar rack troops drank international support the credibility of exiles the badification handling iotola al-Sistani washans assumptions and policies have all been wrong by now most of them reversed off until they have much effect the strange combination of arrogance and incompetence is not only destroyed the hope for a new a rack it's had the much broader effect of turning the united states into an international outlaw on the eyes of much of the world whether he wins or loses in November the urge to double your bush's legacy is now clear the creation of a poisonous atmosphere of anti-americanism around the globe i'm sure he takes full responsibility Okay you Doner you I'm so sorry if I was a white guy. I'm so sorry. You're not the more white thing you do. Yeah, what about? No, why hate you. What do I do? I'm not being you. Okay. I want a time. You'll take a green coat, oh no cheese, oh roll. And I'm going to throw a girl in the home. And point blank. Why do you want to smack you? Next to you. I know my smell attract you. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my... My in the run, and when you need to run. That's why you're so bad-bye. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Oh, promo 2 at 560 W to Q. I'm happy Wednesday afternoon. The reason I listen to Neil's dear and rip-mo how our David says this track. So there you go. Okay. And of course keep in mind. Oh, we're fine. That's why he listens. Oh, do we want to put that on there? What? That's the drum. We're not going to add on to this board. Don't get sucked into that game. It was kind of cute. I waited there. I played the guy a bit. Okay, which I love that bit. But let's not add on. This is not a pull that needs to be embellished, expanded, etc. Which of these vistas scribes while you listen to the Neil Roger show for a few last, a yuck or two here there? 168, 54.1%. Here the stories Neil reads 82, 26.4%. That's not really that bad. Because I'm sure that there's like mix and match there. See what I'm saying? Yeah, we did ask which of these vistas scribes. Kills for hours of my boring life. I have no life. 34. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off 11. Now we're starting to get to the truth. Now we knew I knew that would go up. Hate me like poison. Probably hate you even worse if that's possible. But they can't turn it off. To hear the crazy in a crank call is 9. 9. And hear the call is a print in six. Not to, not to it's running there with a callers for some strange reason. Now. Now. Let's see. You're like this. Let's say something good about John Kerry for change. Can't say too much. Democratic challenge your John Kerry said that he has first choices defense secretary would be Republican senator John McCain. As he criticized the Bush administration for failed policies in Iraq, Kerry slandbush and defense secretary Rumswell for the abusive Iraqi prisoners, they're figured to build an international coalition and other miscalculations surrounding this war. This thing has been so extraordinarily mismanaged and ineptly prosecuted he said he told I'm missing the morning. Well, we missed that this morning. Thank God. A day after Army Major General Antonio Taguba told Congress the abuse we reflected a figure of leadership in the US armed forces. We knew in his call for birth to take full responsibility. See that as again. And Rumswell to be signed as by the apology. Kerry sing aloud to McCain of Arizona. A fellow Vietnam veteran and frequent Bush critic when press on who he won running to Pentagon. Kerry listed several other possible candidates who could manage the Pentagon very effectively, including Democratic senator Carl Levin. Colonel, a Michigan Republican senator John Warner for Virginia, Saudi on the audience and a partridge in a pair tree. That's a good move though, I'll mention in McCain. Don't you think I absolutely do? Public likes John McCain. They feel a little bad about that thing on his cheap but nevertheless, they like him a lot. I like him. Now, wait to hear this. You're sitting down? Oh, yeah. New York daily news. Michael Goodwin's column today. one word in here I can't even read on the air it's not not I just can't read it you'll you'll understand why all right the United States is on the slippery slope to theocratic fascism the cathartures has been secretly encouraging oral sex for years defense secretary Donald rumskull ought to be tortured president Bush to be taken out and I can't read it oh those are it doesn't need any comment it just no I can't read those are a few not so nuggets from the host of air america radio which calls itself the new liberal voice defledes the network is carried in the york on w li b eleven ninety a m with the erectourters scandal everywhere i tuned and expecting the her sober policy analysis mixed with glyover president Bush's political pickle instead i got ten hours of rancid venom directed at the president rumbstowd rush limba the cathartures and anyone else the host of like slamming if you're a card carrying liberal likes crude sex jokes in a cartoonish echo chamber ar america's for you take one host looking of the the talk of pulling out the troops with a claim that that's what the cathartures has about primarital sex ha ha the network aims to give the democrats a media organization to counter limba on others on a right who dominate talk radio what national public radio in the new or times are enough the signing of comedian and best on the author out fracking gave her a merciless drier car but if his three hours show on monday was typical he could sink the ship instead of saving it to a tentative humor offensive in his boy oi show a was really music a sidekick reads news reports in this case the murder of the Russian back president of chetsnia frankens role as the pipe up a light-hearted a a yet nothing tickles the riddle like an assassination frank in also him out emissary to the pre-skilled commune saying body of christ when an imagine pedophile priest was in line but not for you went pro-choice politicians came up the church was a day long obsession as was limba he's an awful man a pig and a Nazi franken said colomic infused a franken company hate the pill pop a limba so much lia mate his tar pit tone sounds like limba simply driven them nuts missing was the tension that comes from honest debate only franken had guess was even a slightest distance from the party line which is that john curious perfect except he should attack bushmore the queen of vennem randy roads that is a great line the queen of vennem randy roads followed franken in a host slot her imitation of a cracker military type telling a soldier to insert this fluorescent light bulb into that man's buttocks was revolting she compared u.s. prisons in a rack to the Nazi Gulag and said the day i say thank you to rumsfield as the same day i'll say thank you to the twelve people who raped me rock bottom came when she compared bush in his family to the call the only reason the godfather saga like afraid of somebody ought to take him out fishing and oh geez you know somebody out of a spandard this girl of the things that you can cannot say on the era about any present not just this one Jesus Jesus Christ and then up to this make you want to cry assuming it's all true yeah how uh... yeah i don't think that the guys gonna make this up it's you know during a torture by radio i heard ads for huilipackered greyhound and especially general motors i asked you might appear in such shows ride carney gms manager marketing communications said the answer wrongly picked from an earlier deal with w libe she said the station was ordered the season the system and they added gm will not advertise and any america for you so i'm gonna go go go go go drop for that i don't see really all of that much in the accept of course that comment that she made which you can't see on here but again you know when you take stuff out of context what's it really mean except for the fact that i'll frank it is okay on in print he's not a broadcaster and that she obviously is like uh... gone off the deep and evidently offered deep and man she's anyway so there's a miss guys probably a right wing of any way i don't have no Michael goodwin calmness the new ork TV news i have no idea never heard it now anyway there you go if you're a personal and they are opposed to which we're nearly is very far to the right so many of the daily news is just about anybody else but they got a really good calm here by john kudell what are they smoking at the labor department you're like this one he says don't get too excited about all those new jobs that were supposed to be created in i'm not going to waste a lot of my precious space on this but the bottom line is that most of the hundred eighty eight thousand jobs at the labor department says were created last month may not really exist it could be figments of statisticians optimism anyone who plowed it through my column last Thursday knows i predicted that job growth in April will be better than the hundred and sixty hundred and seventy thousand jobs the pros were anticipating but i also said quite in fact clearly i hope that the stronger growth will be an illusion the result of the labor department's computers making happy predictions about seasonal job creation that could need to be verified or justified i'll explain one aspect back in the march in plumber report the government added 153 thousand position to its revised total of three hundred and thirty seven thousand new jobs because it thought but couldn't prove loads of new companies were been created in this economy that estimate comes from the labor department's birth death model you can look up these numbers under department's website as stagnant is the assumption about new companies was in March the labor department could even more brazen in April last Friday was disclosed that these imagery imaginary jobs have been increased by 117 thousand to 117 thousand for ladies month because i guess the stack chalk he's got a vision from the gods of spring without those extra 117 thousand make believe jobs the real total growth rate will would have been just a hundred and seventy one thousand subpar for an economy that's supposed to be growing in more than four percent a year but right on the pros targets take away all 270 thousand make believe jobs and money have the sort of pessimism that the political posters are seeing if i was the suspicious type and if i thought washing them was smart enough i suspect an nasty motive behind the sudden surge in these mystery jobs but for now let's just acknowledge their existence also keep in mind that the government doesn't distinguish between good companies being created and say a guy doing consulting work out of his basement because he can't find real work what is this new job of an announcement mean in the real world it means there'll be more pressure on the financial markets as we've seen for a while but especially since last Thursday it also means that the federal reserve now is to excuse it needs to raise interest rates in June as i've said what happened before and we'll probably start regretting that move by the end of the summer and present and push will probably give into temptation to start growing about the economy going against the mood is captured by posters this will make them look as out of touches reality with realities as father did and here's some more bad news about Iraqi rights a source in the intelligence community community tells me that the UN oil embargo of sottamus was worthless because Iraqi oil was being shipped all these years to a curbing island called St. use statius unloaded on the onshore tanks and then reloaded into u.s. bound tanker ships the same switcher was being done with Iranian oil on told oh and the sources say Washington would rather than nobody know about this right i'd like that gee that sottamus an evil do it and and i'll tell you to speak it about evil people somebody's idiotic comments that have been made in the last 24 hours since the beginning of the american since he had his head sliced off i must have got a lunatics uh this goes to show you what evil people who's are and about you know as if we need to remind you after they kill three thousand innocent people by hijacking planes and flying them into buildings they're bad people oh no kidding i forgot about that and you who you're prominent spas known or naughty and they're nasty they need to be spanked bad so let's attack a country that had nothing to do with it yeah let's attack attack door back uh chinese already did that oh well the dolly lama was just here a couple weeks ago uh and right here in Toronto but a whole bunch of the nardoodis people all the people when are schmachters on did he delete dally i don't know i don't i don't want to see him you got enough bald head of geeks of qm you don't need to see the dolly lama hello i didn't reach out my window i wave said hello dolly couple of times he said you know look like the way arms from vom is tv but it's high definition tv delivered via satellite dish and hd receiver the pick at fact i saw tv spot for vom above now we're going for god to tell you yeah we're probably out of the room the picture is so superior to regular tv will not believe it the qualities like comparing the latest dvnate your old scratchy wedding video vom is the only entertainment system designed for high definition tv vom has got the most hd tv anywhere and provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate hd tv experience including the satellite dish hd receiver and their mot what's not to like and vom's got over thirty channels dot dot dot dot of hd programming who watched esp and high definition that's three times more hd channels and you get from cable and they've got all your other favorite channels like hd on mtv even at a local channels vom's got over 120 channels of great entertainment vom has exclusive channels of hd movies music and sports that you can't even get from your cable or satellite company so with vom you get everything you've got now puzzle these awesome high definition channels too call vom today tool for you at 1-866-848-8686 or visit vom.com for limited time offer which includes free installation no upfront cost and no long term commemoration that's 1-866-848-8666 or check them on a web at vom.com to start booming today offer ends me thirty one nine and local this is what real by sixty what a two-way have it's a lesson to me now and then the lord said let there be light and roll there was light from the same people who brought you that much beloved talking viable comes a new ten volume set brilliantly updated for the eighties yes it's the rapping by the there was dark everywhere then the man said light in the night was there he said it I've done good there's no doubt on the seventh day he just chilled out Genesis beginning of that beginning of this finally the good book is that in his where it is that's there check it out is a cow go on and the more everybody bite it like no tomorrow God look down sit now my fall don't look back or you turn to fall that's right to the beat started to freak the cow came up and next to it take a lecture of a cheeky imagine all the song all the parables every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest of all time from my tenet five sixty wc and the mad dog Jim managed the man he'll be along to the afternoon and he got Kim Bo Camp who is even a bigger man in some respects is he gonna bring that cow with him from front of the dealership I'm here I don't want to like bring your personal stuff in on the air but why are you not getting your vehicle fixed at Kim Bo Camp for dealership beyond my budget considering what it needs done it's not under warranty not no more old four years old now yeah then it sounds like a substory new Josh yeah a little bit don't teach you to go like to some Israeli businessmen and get to rip off man that'll teach you oh again see that article I read from the daily news I'm almost sure that I read it about your americolored it indicates to me just how this birthday or but the idea that he's expecting it to know you're a bunch of really straight lace political uh that would be the biggest kiss at it at least if they're trying to live by the humor on there maybe they might have a chance although I doubt it but maybe they might see and maybe if some of it was actually funny the only thing I'd find for a disturbing though was that this skit he was describing on the al Franken show was obviously scraper everything he does is scripted right well oh because he's a scripter he writes but how can you be a broadcaster and read from a script and there you mean it's all thing if you're reading bedtime stories okay which I think I'm probably the only one it does that it's probably pretty boring but you like it but I mean to be doing your show reading from a script comedy stuff oh my god that's all that clip of them doing the show the monday morning show what if those work right well they were just chatting their him and his uh cohort oh is a chat show yeah although I think they were pronouncing it wrong I see probably US military opens his investigation into Willets the Beauty of Prisoner when Eastern Afghanistan how do you like that oh my god Kabul US military's opening investigation into allegations that an afghan police officer was stripped naked beaten and photographed in US based in Afghanistan official said today this must be just another one of those strange coincidences when you think let's be and then they just show you girlfriend on the regent Lindy England and I'm thinking of myself you've got touchy's pregnant and I'm just thinking of myself all these poor slaps man who were over there there are the ones that have to be discreet codes because that's what they're looking for now escape codes so we're gonna court martial her we're gonna court martial that other broad and a few other guys and and there'd be like you know half of doesn't are so scape goats and then all the other higher up so who really were responsible for giving all the orders they'll just go along the merry way well if they don't care if the soldiers die they're not gonna care if they go to jail right the alleged abuse in Afghanistan occurred in August 2003 at the American basin the eastern town of Gardez 60 miles south of the capital of Kabul according to a statement by the US embassy in Kabul US military has launched an immediate investigation this statement said adding US officials had a learn of the allegations from the media lieutenant turtle Tucker mansegure a military spokesman said the case was only brought to the military's attention yesterday and is being investigated by the army's Colonel investigation department he would discuss the tales saying they wanted to investigate in a totally impartial manner New York Times quoted the former police Colonel Sajad Navi Sadikki 47 a saying you subjected to sexual abuse taught against the devervation and yad yad yad yad yad the cartridge and a pair of tree and what same sex marriage become illegal and messaged schusits on monday news papers throughout the state are preparing to wash a green a new era by publishing same states wedding and engagement announcements on their pages and massachusetts what is it fair however is how many newly married games has been couples will choose the traditional methods of using their local newspaper to trumpet the news Now, I'll ask it again. When is Troy coming out? Troy. Less than two years after the New York Times had a crucial precedent by announcing its willingness to publicize same-sex unions and commitment ceremonies, the Sands have shifted dramatically. Right? Troy. Sames that's marriage is about to be legally sanctioned. Editors around Massachusetts say they have no crumbs about publicizing these events. A Boston folks survey a 15 Massachusetts Daily's including the two largest of woven a Harold found that the Boston Harold, of course, found they've planted three same-sex marriage announcements, the same as heterosexual wedding news. Only one newspaper that responded to the Globe and Corridor, the Tottenh dating Gazette, said it hadn't formally decided whether to publish the announcements, maybe they'll just spend their time taught in the occult. You think? They're a little teased into it. They stay with dogtrack in Tottenh. I wonder if it's still there. I haven't even thought about that yet, so the manager handed her Dave Brown while acknowledging that the paper would probably say, well isn't that great? Troy! I congratulate you, Troy. Let us know who the lucky fellow is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He'd be pound by 60 on a AT&T. ROR! And Verizon Wireless line. Wouldn't that be a hell of a quenilla? Troy and Roy. I can just smell it now. Which of these best describes why you listen to the Neil Rogers Show? That's our second poll question today. Tribbing 70 in votes? For a few laughs. 22. See here, the stories Neil reads 100. So 53.4% for a few yucks. 26.5% for those bedtime stories. And then, of course, we got those other people who want to make sure we understand. They don't even go to theorages.com on our website. They're like subverting. They're going behind our backs, so then give right to those dirty pictures. Yeah, well, we have a backdoor for them. Yeah, but I bet you that kid's got his own. It kills four hours of my boring life, 43. There's at least some honesty there. I have no life. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off, 14. Hatham, despising. Daaah! To hear the Eccr<|id|>ian Quaint Colors 12, and hear the Colors opinion seven out of the 157th of the Colors aren't doing too well there. What would get the distinct feeling that maybe the Colors have been a little on the week side for the last how many years now? But hey, you're the man. They might pick up like this. Call a line nine. I bet she's going to be a real weiner. Hello. There's definitely no phone. What is it? There's nothing else on. That's why there's nothing else on. Yep. You're ready. Only picks up QAN. Not to post the hang up of you on out. No. I'm just waiting for you to come up with some new material. Okay. Uh, okay. Don't have it. Can't do it. See, that's right there. That's the reason that the Colors are in last place because of you. See, he's in shock that I actually like, uh, I mean, I'm not going to hurry to hang up on people. The brothers, a few, we make an exception on. But he's so sad. I almost felt sorry for him there. There's nothing else on. See, but not already. Isn't the category of, uh, the kill for hours of my boring life, see? I have no life. That's what you're trying to say, pal. We already put a perfect category for you there. He didn't even recognize it. Yeah. W to QAN, hello. Gail. Yes, sir. There's another reason why people listen to you and it's a good one. What is that, sir? And you can phrase it one of two ways. Nail tells it like it is and you can trust that. Or way. Yeah. No says make a lot of sense. Uh-huh. Definitely. Well, I listen to your honest. I know you're a carry supporter, but there have even been times when you've come out and said I can't figure out what John carry's doing. Why is he? And I'll put it all up. Right. You know, I just like the fact that you're not afraid to be straightforward and solve the truth. I'm a pretty straight man. Well, I don't. You know, you know, I'm trying to say you, there's value to what you have to say on your program. Thanks for the lecture, man. Thank you so much. Okay. See you. Because Neil tells it like it is. Huh? Yeah. I'm just going to bend over and let you kiss my dairy ear. Right, come here. Go. Well, I understand what you say. Maybe that would be a nice thing. There's nothing wrong with being nice once in a while. I was done George the other morning off the year and I'll say right on here. Since I've been here in Toronto last couple of years, I've been part of the time that I find myself being a much nicer person. Sure. I hold the door open for people. I conversal a little bit with my neighbors when they come in and building with their groceries or whatever on the elevator. And I just, I just find myself doing things that in South Florida wouldn't dream of being like nice strangers and people respond in kind. They're nice. They're friendly. Not no, not I'm not just slapping all over you, but just friendly in a very pleasant way. Pleasant. Award that doesn't exist in South Florida. No. So let's get that on the right away Josh because Neil tells it like it is. No, God. No, I can't give it to you straight. No, yeah. That's what you think. Oh, by the way, speaking of that. Absolutely. But a man is considering a hair replacement. His greatest concern is how natural it's going to look. And other people tell, well, they say, or look at that cloud that's really looking piece. But at crazy mop. You can always spot a bad hair system, a dead, mule man. But how many good ones go unnoticed? Charles Alfiori's design and supplied hair systems to show business celebrities and regular people for more than 35 years. He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. They today show CBS morning news, etc., introducing his patented, unmanchable hair system that offers you the most amazing natural hairline system in the universe. The most critical area of any hair system is the hairline and Charlie's new skin-like hair system is 100% un, un, daily, healthy, tech-able. Let me try it again. It's 100% un, detectable. Charlie's guaranteed you is tries hair system for 30 days. Not 30, man. You don't love the way it looks in fields and smells. If you're not getting like pot at and claw at and getting so much action, you're like worn out. Return it for a whole refud. Charlie also services and repairs existing hair systems, including shampoo and trim. shampoo and so don't delay. You call Charlie the change your life forever, look better and younger, then you ever dream you could again. Forget about that mouthy piece. You call 1-800-3-21-24-13, 1-800-3-21-24-13 or check them on a web at Charles Alphiere.com. Who's the best thing in our home home home home home home home home home home yeah who cares who did more absolutely no one say it again you're. You carry through his battles away from the splendid two-le-car for two days. I don't feel fine, I don't know if he or his name but does anybody really give a day. I said, well, good night yo, I don't wanna hear more. Absolutely never don't say it again. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stick to the issues you may help and nothing listen to me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who cares who did more? No one listen to me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How could he 35-6-9-9-9-9 anyway, Josh, little spelling lesson here for you, little grammar spelling all of these things, okay? Okay, now I'm looking here you did put that on your Neil Talsett like it is which has never been seen. I'm not sure if you can see it. But why is there an apostrophe in the word Tals? Mr. Is the matter of fact could there ever possibly be an apostrophe in the word TEL? Is there any possibility that there are any circumstances for any meaning? Sure, the word Tals. Sure, such as, that's a guy named Tell and he's got a pen, it's Tals-10. With a small T? Well, no, that would be a- Ah! I'm trying for him here. Why is that apostrophe in there? Oops, and the worst part of it is now you can't change it. Eric can change it. So once again you heard from the line, Fatty Old Eric to go in there with his magic wand, hey, make you up at as positive he go away. He's not so old. Just fat. That would you try to say was that a shot at Eric? Yeah. Eric up there in Orlando, man. Shame on you. 428 votes. Which of these best describes why you listen to this program? And why? Why? Why? For a few laps. 127. 53. Few chuckles. Like that. Fear these stories, those bedtime stories, those pondress long stories, then the fumbles and bubbles over. 1025.2%. Although actually they are written fairly well because my blood sugar is under Good job. It kills 4 hours of my boring life, 49, 11.1%. I have no light. And they're right. And we understand they're in South Florida. What do you expect? To hear the crazy and crank calls, 15. I hate Neil McKenter. 15. Neil tells it like it is a dozen. That's moving up there already. Thank you, sir. And hear the callers of opinions. 9 out of 440 votes. See, I hate to break it to that columnist in the New York Daily News. And also the people that are America. But that whole right versus life. It's done. It's history. It's the need to, okay. The old style talk radio in it. I could have told them that saved them a lot of money. For 100th of whatever their money they're wasting on his crap. I could have saved them all that money. Said forget about it. Don't waste millions and millions and try to put on a liberal talk. Now, we're just going to go over like, Halvine Siberia. But got about it. Right. Although Halvimeco away pretty well, they probably still have a lot of old Jews stuck away there. Do you want to say what he said? I'm saying what a being Siberia. 560560 pound 560 here's a good story though. Well, you know what's doubly good. You want to know why because it's in Dave County. And since all of us, and that's right, Josh lives in Dave. Well, that's okay. The amount of money you got. You don't have to worry about paying tax date. You know, that's right. Let's in Western Coral Spring. Somewhere around there. So we're three for three. We live in. Yeah. Dave County commissioners yesterday gave their blessing to us. You have been 67 million dollar plan to build a retractable roof ballpark for the Marlon's southwest of the orange bull. Anybody want to go there? No. Anybody want to go anywhere near the orange bull? No, of course not. Practice reading about it once makes me want to run another bull. Technology. There's still numerous questions to be answered. And much work that needs to be done. Commissioners voted eight to three for the proposal. The plan was approved unanimously by the city commission in Miami last week. Of course, this is before the Marlon's lost to the Houston 61 last night. They might change their mind. The vote allows city County and team officials to begin working earnest on a full financing proposal with legal guarantees and construction specifications. But the plan is contingent on selling the city selling the old Miami arena. A process already underway and securing a sales tax rebate from the state that would fill a 30 million dollar financing gap. In the plan. Although officials are hopeful for these stable grant to team the $2 million sales takes tax rebate for 30 years. Not good man. The next year's session Marlon's president David Samson said the team will need to come up with an alternate plan. Should the state funding not come through. Samson said construction will need to be started by December January to ensure April 2000 and set it opening the team is counting on. A rls. The plan calls for a 38,000 seed ball park in a 2500 space parking garage. The team committed 20 million bucks up front. 120,000 in rent payments from future revenue and $10 million may take it surcharge and a partnership in the fair tree. 560560. 560. 560. Let's hear it. It's in date County. Maybe us. Broward people who have to pay a dime taxes on it. And then if people want to go to the games. Then go. It's going to be right near the orange bull. And that's your favorite. Oh yeah, go there. WQM. Hello. Yeah, hello. Speaking. Neil? Yes. Hey. How are you doing? All right. Good. First time caller long time listener. All right. Yeah. Just wanted to let you know. This I think is an amazing job. It's a few things. Real down here and stuff. Florida for a change compared to the other. Talk shows. And I just want to let you know. Oh, you know. Oh, you know. You know. You know. You know. You know. People were more on the same page as you. And just keep doing what you're doing. And keep fighting a good fight because we need more people like you around. Thanks a lot, Pally. You got him. I'm going to tell myself off. Thank you. Okay. That was good. Well, never good call. Sure. And realize we're going to have everybody a lick Neil Zans. Oh yeah. That's good. And I was going to tell you where to show today. This is a causes very painful. Defication. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, audience, AT&T and Verizon. Why was that on an opt. You want to think. Tough. No. He knows it inside now. But. Why. Oh. He knows his ass. He knows his ass from your elbow. Or something for the TV. Oh. Now that's what you're. And if you don't cut the crap. He might have his elbow up. You're. You know. It's pretty soon. You're on your armpit or somewhere. Maybe on Josh's. I'll always do it for you. 20 till 1 at 5, 60. I don't know what it is. But it's just me or today seemed to be like for a fairly pleasant day. And we're not supposed to feel really good. We're going to say that. And we're going to work in Guy. A young guy with his head's chopped off yesterday. And we're sitting here. What? Guy every day. Well, that's true. But I mean, this was, you know, what we saw. They make it a bigger deal out of this because they got it on video. And just like those pictures of all the dehumanization of the Iraqi prisoners. When you have the pictures man, that's what makes it more graphic. If it's just like some kind of, you know, vague, nebulis. Oh, it is a bunch of dead people over there. And then of course, if you prevent the people from seeing the coffins, which they're just practically trying to continue doing that, then it makes it seem like not even real, you know? But as some people, you know, would say, is real. What's another one? Oh, lobster fest is back at the Emerald Coast. If you've never been there, you are missing a feast. The likes of what you've never seen in your life. The service is great. You'll never leave on an antisemitic. And peck you probably waddle out of there. Can you imagine a feast in Zack at the Emerald Coast? At the same time? I'm guarantee a rich would probably sland those door shots. They all by the way, we're remodeling. Emerald Coast, I'll please you sensational mouthwatering dishes. Everything fresh fantastic. They don't use any crap, no MSG, no cornstarch. They cook only with cholesterol for your oils. Start out with six different soups. You can try any or all of them if you like. And then sample the zillions of delicious entrays. New York strip made order through sizzling Asian grilled, the new Hoonong fish. They got main lobster thermator star on those main spilt here, M-A-I-N. How much it jows it from the new dreddrending Miss copy? On New Day lobster thermator style, Jonah Crab, Oysus on the half-shell, Han-Car-Premib, Great new Thai specialties, and of course they've got a full salad bar. A full Chinese food lineup, their brand new sushi bar, and even fresh soup cocktail. And if there's any room after sampling all of this stuff, just shoveling it down your face. Waddle over to the dessert station because they've got a fantastic end. In fact, you'll probably have a pretty big end too when you finish all of this. They've got dessert bar featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, even fresh fruit, and there's nothing like that totally this morning like a fresh fruit. What a way to win a fantastic feast. Three locations, Pemberpine, Sadiyaos and in Sunrise, so take the whole family of book and ex-business lunch and right now the M-O Coast and let them cook up a storm for you. Take out and release always available, voted number one by Zigat Restaurant Reviews, and WSV and news is Sunphoto's best Asian buffet, and I'll hardly concur. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22, ask where you'd have those leads to now. 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. WSV, you're supposed to be a 5-6-4. You a m. Tonight on the North Korean Food Channel, chef Kim brings us a best-in-shawe from West明stock. Kim's K9 cuisine features Shepherd Soup and a bold-on-Broad served with Hollywood and French food fries. What does a Pudal like this special day? I don't know. Here boy, Fetch! I understand Koi Reheats well too. Yep, just nuke it off. Behold that upset the U.S. government. He's so pissed. Show off from West明stock, tonight on the Korean Food Channel. Violation. We need to. Violation. Well, for the 614-1 at 56, you'd have to come to Scandal of Prisoner Abuses by US soldiers in Iraq has dealt a bigger blow to the U.S. than the September 11 attacks, the Vatican Foreign Minister told Matt hadn't newspaper. Wait for that? Okay. In an interview published today in the Romney-Lay La Repubblica, Archbishop Giovanni Lazolo described the abuses as a tragic episode in a relationship with Islam and said the scandal with fuel hatred for the West and for Christianity. No Schmidt. The torture, a more serious blow to the U.S. to 911, except that the blow was related by terrorists, but by Americans against themselves, Lazolo was quoted as saying in Lārīpubblica. Azolo said that intelligence and people in Europe countries understand that in a democracy such episodes are not hidden in our punished, still the vast mass of people under the influence of Arab media cannot but feel aversion and hate for the West growing inside themselves. Adriated, the West is often identified with Christianity. Oi! The remarks went up the first by Lazolo on the abuses at the Abu Great Prisoner Iraq and the wake of the scandal he had said that in a democracy should punish those responsible and their direct superiors. In fact, the speaking of punishing your superiors, how about you, Pots? The Vatican paper, Lazolo's overthrow of Romano has also won some harsh comments in the past days. On Monday, it criticized what it called a Pentagon cover up and took sharp aim at the photograph of a soldier holding a prisoner by a leash and Wednesdays interview today. Lazolo said the coalition's party should be putting as soon as possible at the end of the Iraqi leader who speaks to the Iraqi's in Arabic and not in English. In other words, somebody might understand, then we've got a problem. President Bush's skater of a whole talks with the Pope in the Vatican on June 4th. Oh my God! That's the Roman correcture! Wow! W and a Pope, can you just see that? Oh man, man, oh man, who's the most incoherent in that meaning? Well, the Pope can speak English. Yeah. On his coherent days? Yeah. Foke his shift to jail of these women speaking about the subject. For who the shaker? Who the shaker? Who the shaker? Who the faker? Who the shaker? For who the shaker? The humiliation began at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Baghdad. The American soldiers demanded a searcher hand by when she refused. One of the soldiers put it as gun toward her chest. He put it the laser sight directly in the middle of my chest, said Professor Shaker. A political scientist at Baghdad University. Then he put it to his penis. He told me, come here, bitch. I'm going to... BAH! You! The F word. The incident is one of a number in which US soldiers are alleged to have abused intimidated or sexually humiliated Iraqi women. According to Professor Shaker, several women held an oboe grabgeyab or sexually abused including one who was raped by an American military policeman became pregnant. She is now disappeared. Huh? Just like that. Vanished. Maybe she's put on too much of that vanishing cream. Most of the coverage of the prisoner abuse of the oboe grave has focused on Iraqi men, but there's compelling evidence that several female prisoners who are in a minority at the jail were abused as well. I mean, why should they leave them out in the reception? A female colleague of mine was arrested taking him when I asked her after she was released for what happened in the oboe grave. She started crying for Professor Shaker said, ladies here are afraid and shy about talking about subjects this, everything is okay, even in a very advanced society in the west. It's difficult to talk about rape, but I think it happened. Few women released to me was detention and come forward to talk about their experiences in a Muslim society where rape is sometimes acquitted with shame and victims can be killed to salvage family honor. She kept her honor. I believe in America. That's what's out again. Only none of those phrases about freedom now. Mamma mia! You cannot talk about it! Shut up! Don't think you put it against a lobby in the east, I believe so. 560, 50560. It's running. I thought you'd run this on the song. From all that comedy you play with a young girl, up against the door, where she was really an issue in the open. She must have had a great answer to me because she was a nasty, all of she was beautiful compared to Sophia. But then again, so is my ass. Wow. Dad! Dad! I'm proud you let's recut that movie, just blow her away in the beginning and man that movie goes zooming up their pasty life. Right, a long, angeore channel. Right. Then you got something. We have an understanding. Oh, the old docky push. I was my ass. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. What is John Kerry on with I'mus? You get the war out of the pocket of the American taxpayer exclusively by getting an international group of countries. Doesn't have to be under the UN. They'll ultimately want the UN to sign off on it. Tom, you've been covered. Tom, come to QAM. Hello. Yes. We're coming down there to pick up some tickets. I know your address is 2095. North West Second Avenue, right. Are you guys north or south of the vibe? No, just barely north. You know where the Kentucky Friday is? One light north of the vibe. One light night. You know where the Kentucky Friday chicken is? They're on the east side. Yes. That's where you make your turn right in there. It's a big white building. It looks like it's fallen apart. Yep. That's the one. Thanks Neil. You're a good pilot. Enjoy the game. Enjoy whatever you're going to. Is he going to a heat game? Is that what it is? Something like that. 20295 north west Second Avenue. Just look for the Kentucky Friday on the corner. Say hi to the Colonel when you drive by. Right. Right. He's then right up to road from that. We got a Toyota Picoll and we got that BP gas station on the court of the big gigantic one. It's right in front of that little strip mall there. It's got the publics in the Walgreens in it. And then right on the other corner, of course, you got Chuck Subcenter. How's Chuck doing? I don't know how to say it. Oh, would you ought to be ordering your lunch from Chuck every day? We have how he's. In fact, you're when he comes in and say, what's up Chuck? Oh. You got how he's still is coming by with a gut wrenching bacon man or like the pounds and pounds of bacon. I'm going to nice chicken Caesar from how he's and Josh gets the bacon egg and cheese sandwich. Oh, I think we're going to grow sandwiches from the condonuts with that fantastic coffee and the whole way. Donuts, but they bring donuts that the percentages. Sydney Shandberg and the village voice rights is this America for now, maybe. He says torture and humiliation of war prisoners is not an itself surprising and happens in every war on both sides. Savage V after all is the very language of war transforming some combatants into Firola Avengers and leading others to shed civilized norms and acquiesce in the acts. We send soldiers to kill others and therefore to a degree we testly accept that wild things will occasionally happen. What makes this torture scandal different makes it an earthquake for our government rather than a tremor is that it comes after a long, this heartening string of other revelations showing that this war was built on a foundation of these sections, suggesting a grave threat to our national security. Perhaps in just a vacation of these false premises, President Bush, a board of an evangelical Christian, has told the American public in the world many times that it was the hand of the Almighty that guided him to send our troops into battle to liberate the Iraqi people from a brutal dictatorship that made torture a state policy. When a president proclaims a righteous war are constantly using words like freedom and justice, and invoking the will of God, he runs a great risk of losing the trust of his people if it turns out that indeed, the invades instead the invasion was based not only on a heavenly vision, but on deeply flawed war plans that assumed democracy could be transplanted anywhere with ease and at little cost. Our troops were put at unnecessary risk. Under a more truthful presidency the torture disclosures might have been less of a blow to the nation's stature, this scandal however has scarred America worldwide because Washington's arrogance alienated once friendly nations and because the prison images run so counter to the president's lofty words and claims, torture and the Almighty do not fit together. This I guess this guy didn't be devival. This could be a presidency in the process of unraveling getting more and more naked as it loses its clothes, rights, Cindy Shamburg and today's village voice. Well written if you ask me. The Emperor has no close man. 560560, pound 560 on a year 1810 for rising wireless line. Let's pick up some tickets, go to a ballgame and forget all this crap. What do you say? A rat! Let's get back to the important stuff in life. Don't you agree? Sure. Troy. No. Well, short and sweet. But I was thinking more like, it's worth it. Well like that. Yeah. The great defecator himself. Which of these best describes why you listen to the Neo Rodgers shows our second poll question that they, the first one John Kerryman was kind of scary. They still love Baba. We asked who you were respected, which politician you liked the best, whether they're honest or not. And Bill Pinton, baby, Baba, he kicked their ass. Bill Pinton. Guess who they had on the crossfire yesterday. I mean, I was thinking of idiots. I give up. Billy Anna was in a damn all year. She really, I mean, how is this possible? I realize that there are a lot of you banana boat people in South Florida that just be fused to cut the cord, you know. But how is it possible to be so stupid as to like follow her down the end of the garden path? I mean, she is just pathetic because she says all the right thing is that what it is? All the right thing. Well, it must be one dimensional because the only thing I ever heard is say. It was that. I said it's a poport. All she ever says, her and all those other schmittis derby's down there in Little Havana. Without a banana boat, stadium by the way, where by the orange bull, you have a great time there. Yeah, go to tell them. 1256 at 5. 60 WQAM. How's fat boy doing this matter, fact? He's also, he's from the Gary Skarner School. He's another one. He's doing squat these days. He's doing crap. Spring of the savings right now and saved like never before on a great new call. A truck from arm is strong. Toyota of homestead. You'll find him on US-1, 20 minutes south of the 836. And it's worth a drive even if you live far away because they're going to save you so much cash. They'll save you thousands on great new unbeatable Toyota's. Check out the great least deals waiting for you right now. An old four camera or four hundred just 269 a month for 48 months. How about an old four highlander for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about this? An old four Toyota Tundra, the safest truck in the US of A, just 175 a month for 48 months. And lots of other great deals waiting for you right now to an armstrong Toyota of homestead. General manager David Rich in the staff will do anything under the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today. Your service department's even open late to late week nights to make sure your service work is done because they want to make sure you're a happy camper. Easy to find in the right of the corner of US-1 293rd street in the homestead. Just 20 minutes south of the 836. Armstrong Toyota homestead offers you a deal like so which you've never heard right now. Free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life for your vehicle. That's right. Tires, batteries and free parts for life nobody does that. So obviously it's well worth the drive. Go waste your time at those mega dealers and car drives who give you the big song in advance in screen we allow and let you down. Call our friend David Rich to GM at Armstrong Toyota Hollywood for a homestead for a real unbeatable deal. It's 305, 242 year'd worth it right? 305, 242, 232, 247, travel little and save a lot on that new Toyota Armstrong Toyota of homestead like I said. I am from Indiana, Russia, Latin and I like to rub my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the new roke from Easter hour. Take a bite and put it on the roof. I believe some metal back of the long piss and coaches asked me to rub back on. Senator Kerry's record raises through his doubts about his understanding of the broader struggle against parrots. These guys want to argue about yet 35 years ago. Let's go do it. The solution belongs to Senator Kerry's anomalous English still being powered today. This is a complete distraction by the British administration in fact that I'm ashamed that I'm a certainly still being controlled and weighed as well. If they're attacked method, this is what they do. And it's coming from a president who can't even prove that he actually showed up. He can't even prove that he actually showed up for duty in the national guard. Sounds like time's running out for hope. The bush mice can be only prey. It's a 102-5-60WQ amateur big one to two. Are you all right for God to play today? The severed whole life. Oh, let's all be some more prisoners. They then scream nice and loud. Get me some wars and a factory pack. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used. You'd use you to the torture because they're just playing their game. In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who's day. One or two, I think I just got through saying it's one or two boy. Is this now one of those days when a clock stopped again? Is it? No, what time is it? It's 103. All right. Oh, right. That thing seemed like that would like we are hung in suspended animation. Like Larry King. Cuban stunned his government closes dollar only stores. Oh, could I eat bread? Havana. See, we did a great job with those. You went sanctions in Iraq. Me the people's lives were like a living hell. And those sanctions that we didn't work in big in Cuba aren't they? Oh, yeah, they're getting the job done. Casted right up. Two years. No question about it. In fact, that visits from the Pope. That's what really put them over the edge. That's when he started smoking and really big fat ones. Cuba's dollar only stores displayed close for inventory signs yesterday. After the comedy, Pinko government suddenly shut them down, blaming new US measures aimed at squeezing the island's economy. Long line stretch from state. And I'm sure that Fidel's probably really just starving now. Can you see how it may seem? Long line stretch from state stores with food and personal hygiene products. Nearly the only items still sold a Cuban's in dollars. As people scrambled to buy shampoo and soap from rapidly emptying shelves. Maybe Indiana Rosana Danica finds some soap. May this is insanity said 64-year-old Odila Marales waiting to buy Longina Tergent politics are filthy. And evidently she is two months to buy some of the detergent to watch them or clothing off. The government didn't say whether the stores would reopen but Julio Perez, the administrator of Harris Brothers department store, said they were merely giving dollar only stores to mark up the prices of all their goods. It really isn't anything serious at Pettas. Maybe it will only be three, four, five days. Or maybe not. Who knows? She said, in face? Some question about the closure which prevents Cubans from spending dollars of the government stores with Cataract, US proposals, and on last week, which aimed to reduce hard currency on the island by limiting how often Cubans can visit relatives, decreasing how much they can spend, and providing money transfers to Cuban officials and Connie Pinko Party members. It's not helping the Cuban people and it's not helping the Cuban governments that come in on Mesa Logo and expert on the Cuban economy at the University of Pittsburgh. All of this is bad, bad economics, and bad social welfare. Mesa Logo said the mission could strengthen the Cuban governments control over the economy. Cubos forced to implement liberal reforms in the early 1990s to Copa del Associa de Edentrade, possession of dollars was legalized to 93 to draw hard currency from growing tourism and family purchases at the state stores. The government is steadily offered more and more goods in US currency while the Cubaneration book of items available in pesos has withered. For many Cubans, Rations now cover eight eggs, a pound of chicken, a bon Appana Coking Oil, six pounds of rice, a half pound of ground meat, slash soy mixture, and a few other goods each month. The rest must be purchased at far higher prices either in pesos or in dollars. The dollar will be shops have been associated with social inequities that of word Cuban leaders, the elite will access to greenbacks can easily buy every day goods that a doctor cannot on a salary equivalent to 25 bucks a month. Three floor selling clothing mattresses and electrical goods were cordoned off and Harris Brothers, where employees did behind empty counters looking confused, other workers catered to dozens of shoppers buying cooking oil, spam, and deodorant in the stores only open section. Dozens of stores along the old Havana's commercial O'Bizbo street selling toys, shoes and fancy furniture never opened yesterday. Yipchops and upscale hotels and other tourists have a worst still selling t-shirts, crafts, and camera film and dollars. Lota Pernez, a 25 year old Gipchop tourist would not be affected by the measures, Cubans on the other hand were very uncertain. I am worried of course since we don't know if this is going to be a week a month or seven years Pernez said but we need to wait one shouldn't go into a panic as what she said. Yeah. The government said the dollar presolutely raised in food and gasoline and perhaps other products, but a assured Cubans said other aspects of the economy would not be affected. People will still be able to change money by food and paces and private farmers markets and have access to such government services as health care and education. All of these things. Massalago said the dollar stores were opened 93 in large park to fight a growing black market and which goods were traded in dollars without passing through the state's hands. Once they close this window then the black market is going to expand. He was saying. Okay. So here you go. There's the latest on Cuba. It was Cubans in Cuba doing it. That's what I'm saying. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Parais and Line. Which of these best describes why you listen to the O'Rodjer show? 259, 46% for a few last. A few yucks. A few chuckles. In my otherwise dreary existence. To hear this stories Neil Reads 116, 20.5% that's dropping like a rock out of 565. Neil tells it like it is 83. Look at that the way that's moving up there boldly. Not incredible. Just like smarty Jones in the derby. Make an adjagantic move in the stretch. 83 for that. It kills for hours of my boring life. I have no life. 56. To hear the crazy and crank calls 21, I hate Neil but I can't turn it off 19. To hear the callers opinions 11. 11. Pretty weak. But you'll see we'll make up for it to start. Gonna get a lot of good calls. All right. You don't think? Not usually. I think the calls this hour are going to be memorable. How about you QA and hello? Here's the callers of the year. QA and? Yeah. I'm talking to you. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. I've been talking about it. I've been talking about it. I've never did give a result that you said a couple weeks ago. That was when it happened between the big one of six ratings when they dropped Howard. And we're sure you spoke about it. I apologize. But I have the. I happen to have it right here in my hand. Is the matter of fact? Here are the monthly. Min 18 plus numbers for WBGG. In January, they had a 7.1 with Howard Stern and February with Howard Stern. He had a 9.9 in March with Sturdoth the air. They had a 1.8. 9.9 to a 1.8. And the worst part of the whole deal is that in idiot by the name of Howard Cohen and the business section of the Harold wrote an article a couple of days after the book came out saying, Big one of six doesn't lose any ground after losing shock shock in the morning. Because he doesn't understand the ratings. He has no idea what he's talking about. I ripped him a gigantic ass on it. He never printed a correction. They don't really care about giving the public the truth. They lie like crazy. That's the arrow. No, I didn't see it because you're a god and you got a chance. Thanks a lot, Pally. I'm a great thing. The Harold no corrections. No nothing. Never. Ever. No. And I'll say well, you know, technically, and in fact, I'll say it again. Every single piece of that story. I remember it like it was yesterday. It was a week ago Friday. But I remember like it was yesterday. Because he said, well, there's still number 17 in the first of all. He's talking about 12 plus numbers with nobody cares about. Secondly, they never wore number 17 pro plus. So in any respect, you can't justify that idiotic article in a business section. And they monkey business section of the freaking Miami Harold. A sad excuse, even for a fish wrapper, even the parakeets at the Parachungal. Screaming and yelling the mackey. What do they call them? Macaws? Okay. And the cockatoo's say, don't put that thing in my cage in the Harold either. All right? No, no. Piece of turd. Tom's ya can mean time. You've done keep him all the numbers. Did he write a story about the ratings? No, about big one or six in the gigantic precipitous decline? No. No. You know, I really say, because I tried them to make a men's would Tom a little bit there when we're doing that stuff FCC thing. And they did write a couple of columns, you know, about stirrenness and so on and so forth. I mentioned me. But in the meantime, here's some, he just got this a version. We all he wants to do is write 85,000 articles about friends and phrases. Anything it begins with FR. Maybe Father or tool. FR is infreaky. I mean, well, what is that? You just had these one dimensional little narrow minded people and I market. They just want to write about the same pirate crap all the time. And his response is, oh, well, nobody cares about the radio ratings. Right. Right. How many more articles do we need about Fraser? About third man. About friend. About third man. About the same pirate cock and bullcraft that you write all the time. Little Tommy. Garbage. Really sad. What a what a market man. What a sad sad place. We could have been contenders. You do realize that, don't you? Instead of thumbs. Instead of just beach bombs. But no. We're a mire to the swill us out Florida man. And I send out my heartiest condolences to the rest of you who are just trapped like prisoners like Patrick McGoon on an island. Like prisoners. And look over your shoulder because rovers come in. Make no mistake about that's what they said that with those Iraqi prisoners too. Better watch out because rovers come in. Yeah. Oh, buddy is. And it wasn't a big white ball either. I realized I'm back in the day. You probably would have said something about. Yeah. But probably. I'm going to let you know. Just as well to a dummy up right now. Exactly. And if you're thinking about making some comment about there. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Be very afraid. Why am? Twelve minutes after one at five, 60, WCM got the always ballsy mad dog Jim Manager too. Oh, right. Big gigantic bigger than life, Kim Bo Kampo for the Humper at four. From the AAA mommy heat arena, from the Mickey, a subn the Mickey arena. The Crow is on for our at seven. Which again, we apologize for that. Although I don't think that's going to be enough. Just one little apology. The Crow for half an hour, which is plenty. I like that one. Then we got the Marlins on deck at seven, 30. Marlins at the Houston Astros at 805. Astros are hot as a pistol. And the big, oh! Back to the ballgame. We have no idea why. I'm probably better off not knowing. What thing we do know is that the fool is television, but it's not your regular or nerf pedestrian TV. It's high definition TV delivered via satellite dish and HD receiver. The picture is so clear. It's like a freaking miracle. It is unbelievable. The Crow is our comparing. Ladies DVD, you're wedding video. There's just no comparison. Boom is the only other. I don't know why I did that. I was going to say. On. The available. Yeah. It's the only entertainment system designed specifically for high definition TV. Boom has the most HD TV anywhere. Provides all the equipment necessary to enjoy the ultimate HD TV experience, including the satellite dish. We seever and of course the remote. And boom's got over 30 channels. Not third man. HD programming. You can watch ESPN on high definition. That's three times more than you get from cable. The favorite channels like HBO MTV, even the local channels as well. Boom has got over 120 channels of great entertainment to keep you busy. Boom's even got exclusive channels of HD movies, music and sport that you can't even get at all. From your cable or satellite company. So with Boom you get everything you've got. Now, plus all these new awesome high definition channels too. Call Boom today to check this out. And to take advantage of their limited time offer call 1-866-848-866 right now. The roughing you free installation. No up-front cost. No long-term commitment. Offer ends 531. So get on the stick right now. Call tool free. 1-866-848-8666 or check them on web at vroom.com. Riding local. Here's SportsWide 0562A. UAAM. One-18 at 560WAM. It's interesting. They're interviewing some of these at Mindless Americans about this beheading thing. They are. And they're saying, well, you know, as compared to this, you know, these minor abuse things that we don't condone those, but as compared, I mean, we didn't kill anybody. We didn't. Oh. Be people to death? No. Scads of them? No. And they take pictures of that. No. No. And abuse the riding carcasses, do what we do. No. No. They were just carcasses. They just propaganda. Pasi Moto Man. He was a hit. 688 votes. Which of these best describes why you listen to the arrogatory show for a few last? 272-44.7%. Here, the stories Neil reads 117.2%. Neil tells it like it is 104. 17.1% are licking all over my bottom. It kills four hours of my boring life. I have no life. 59. Almost 10%. Here, the crazy and crank calls 23. And of course, you don't hold those 23 votes, aren't you? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Beeper Jones. You're gay. That's who they are. Cumbna? This is gay. Yeah, those are the 23. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off 22. And here, the callers of opinions are 11. I think, most of the audiences discovered OD's long painful years. But the audience doesn't, for the most part, have any opinions? We discover every day. But I thought it this hour would be good at night. Right? And so far, WQM hello. QM? WQM hello. Well, greetings. How are you doing, sir? OK, sir. Greetings to you from the warm north. I have a radio. I have a radio. I have TV accent about a week ago. And I'm sure it's been covered since then. The return of the Pongers' Excellents to the anchor desk. Yeah. To the anchor desk? I'm fine. He's back on the anchor desk. Oh, sir. WB39 is 10 o'clock. Oh, my God. Yes. Oh, you didn't know. OK. I know. I'm about that. They stuck in there on the Wednesday night. And then he was on again Thursday. And then they started running ads for it. And I know. I used to watch that every night, but I can't watch him. It speaks to what you were saying about the Fraser and Friends. We have a media that used to list what people had to say. And then wrote about that. Now we have media that tell us what they want to see here. I'm sorry. Rick Sanschins has absolutely no credibility. He should be pumping gaps somewhere. But hopefully not too close to the stadium though. But he's got friends to the NPC who keep thinking that he's some sort of super stars. They're going to inflict him on us until, and of course, because we know what channel seven degrees are. There is an audience for drooling idiots that will watch it. So. Well, but haven't I, there's no audience for his drooling idiot. Showing channel six though. Some of you, that's why they're trying to move me to news. Well, I think they're going to see what happens at 39 and if things go well there, they'll move him in and move old Tony out. Excellent. I'll program it right off my step when I get back. Thanks a lot, Pally. There you go. What do you have to say about that, Rick? I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. So what do you just like most Greg B. Della Rick Sanschins? I have six seven. Oh, well, Greg never killed anybody that we know of. How do you know that? That we know of. Right. I mean, he's had a few inquire moments himself. You know, but so far no harm no foul. Right. We know that we know of. Right. Just because somebody had little accident there for other state, even made the kind of a vegetable and a guy died, I think you're being a little bit of a hard ass to keep pulling out against my close friend. Rick, rookie, ticky Sanchez. I can't believe that. I guess that choice still on channel six, which goes to sure they really, oh, and also jick at the other day wrote not only about friends and Fraser about the great pool of talented channel seven WSPN, how they keep stealing all these people away like little Brian Andrews. They call us together. I'm missing so much not reading that paper. Yeah. I mean, something that really is a news story. I mean, like I said the other day, even if the only thing he wrote about the winter rating book about radio was about stirring going off and big one or six taken as gigantic dive and losing almost all of their audience, that that's a major story. But no, Tom, you can't do that because nobody's going to tell you what to write about. We need several more stories about Fraser and about friends going on. I'm going to read a rest already, will ya? They just write this same old hackneyed cock-a-man day after day after day. You can read both the Harold and a son settle from the time you pick him up and take that little plastic sleeve off of him up in your driveway in a morning. From the time you slip that sleeve off it and the paper too. And walk to the tea room to sit down and take your morning dump. You can read both papers, uh, stand it up. That's how little there is to read to them. One of the great joys of life in a real city would have real newspapers, which we have two and a half here. There's four papers, but two and a half real ones. Uh, and it's Sunday morning is the Florida legislature of Jordan National Debate of our outsourcing, saying the state should not hire companies that are laying off Americans in favor of cheaper foreign labor. House and Senate proposals requiring state contractors to hire US workers would have feed of this session, but some lawmakers started demanding a more thorough examination of the issue. Why do we want to spend our dollars in New Delhi when Newspurnabitch needs our help as House Democratic leaders at Walsh of St. Augustine? Governor Jeff Bush calls the Roposition ill-considered politically motivated. I'm going to tell you right now and mark it down. The most evil doer of them all is not W. It's Jeff Bush, just remember I told you that. He is the greatest evil doer of them all, the Jeffster. In a time when corporation do business all over the world, banning contractors with foreign workers would be an expensive exercise in futility. Bush wrote the Spring and Response to Concerns of State Senator, skip Campbell Democrat of Tamarack. Taking it to his logical conclusion, your proposal would require the state to remove the delcomputer from your desk and the desk most members of the Florida Senate because del has manufacturing facilities in Brazil, Malaysian China Bush wrote. Do you thought of the logic there? No. The state contract, fueling that debate began quietly in 1996 when manages that the Florida Department of Children and Families, the FDCF. Saw to end its reliance on paper food stamps and welfare checks, that system requires large numbers of state employees to guard process and distribute large number of booklets. The streamlined at services Florida turned away private companies, city corporate electronic financial services. The company used its banking expertise to replace paper stamps with electronic swipe cards that work in ATMs and groceries to her key asks, saving the state about four million a year. About 40 other states have signed similar contracts with city corp. In 2000 state officials allowed the company to replace US call set is with four and ones. The approval was based on a present to federal government sent the year before. Unices a state second state vendor that subcontracts in India want to state contract to identify and recover welfare for out of mistakes. Unices and employees about 500 people in Florida but turned to an Indian company called Carator to develop its computer codes. Two of Carator's programmers live in India, seven just relocated from India to Florida to liver and test the code and another three living US. Critics question whether the state shares the financial benefit when a contract to use this foreign labor, Campbell's been trying to get the answer from state agencies. Campbell asked if the expectation is that American workers are going to provide the service say at $15 an hour and that company goes over to Indian pays two dollars who's getting the $13 profit. It's unclear whether savings from Indian labor are passed on the taxpayers, cost to the state of Florida about eight at one, a dollar, a decent some month. For each food stamp account 1996 in the 2003 contract three years after the company turned to foreign labor the state raised the rate of two nineteen in total estate pays to the corporate JP Morgan Chase button. And we're about 14. We're dealing with trucks baby crooks. That's what you got crooks anything that Jeff Bush touches immediately. That bell should go off in your brain at buzzer. Crooks. Lier. Thief. What do you call that? Jeff Bush. And how do I how do I still all believe it? I know how many people I think voted for Jeff Bush to get reelected. About thirty man. I think every other vote was fake. And I think it's important for you to know we had it on the website the other day. That they're going to be purging the voter rolls again. You do understand that, don't you? On a national level I understand. Right. We got to get all you dark votes off those voter rolls. But if they could be get Bush's reelection campaign going. We got to get all your darkies off of there. Work so well and floor down. They're going to do it all over. That's right. From coast to coast from Pota to post. How much militants, rapidly displayed remains of some of these six Israeli soldiers killed in the Roads, had bombing in Gaza city yesterday. There was the more today should point out. Prompting Israeli threats of punishing reprisals have body parts and outreterned. Eight Palestinians were killed and 120 people didn't battle. I've pitted hundreds of gunmen against Israeli troops firing from tanks helicopters and rooftops. It's just another one of them bumps on the road map. That's what the court said told me. The finalists began after midnight when a small Israeli force entered the crowded Zaitoun neighborhood looked for weapons workshops. As the troops withdrew around daybreak and armored personnel carrier transporting at least 220 tons of explosive freeze and array was shredded by the roadside bomb. We are checking every roof and every balcony were to locate the remnants of the armored personnel carrier and the bodies of our soldiers said army general Dan Horell. They want the body parts. Al Jazeera broadcast a video that said showed two mass Islamic Tihad activists taking responsibility of this thing what they said was the head of an Israeli soldier on a table in front of them Israel TV carried the footage but electronically obscured the head. They plotted it out. When in doubt, mass get out. That seems to be the new deal now. The severed heads. They're probably going to be selling them all over the Arab world. I just think to hide who's up the economy. Man. We're dealing with crazy people folks. I've been trying to tell you for a hundred years that religious nuts are the crazy people, the dangerous ones, including your present day. When his faith-based bullcraft is faith-based slaughter. Which of these best describes why you're listening to the Elijah Show? For a few laughs 289-43 percent, 29. For a little chuckle. The old thousand-like it is that's moving to the second place already. In 137, he tells it like it is even if it hurts. Even if I said it that we got beat by WCMQFM and we're number two, probably. We can't compete with him strict music stations. To hear the stories Neo reads 121-18 percent George, here are all those bedtime stories. Uh-oh. Oh no, that was me, I'm sorry. To hear the stories he reads 18 percent, it kills four hours of by boring life. 65 people. I have no life. I feel so at that one alone. That one makes me feel like I'm doing something worthwhile. We saw the paycheck. Help cure the kills four hours in these lifeless force-off-or-vittance-menor-just-deskered for anything. Just to reach out, there's that voice. There's the voice I'm still alive. It's almost the summertime. The mosquitoes are going to be as big as bowling balls. It's going to be like the end of the world tornadoes and thunderstorms. Think in day for months and months to come. There wasn't anybody speaks English within 50 miles of where I live. But I hear that voice on a radio. That's what keeps me going. I have no life. Thank you. I hear the, let's see. I hear the, I like, I can't read it. Let me put my glasses on. I would help. To hear the crazy and crank calls 24, I hate Neo, but I can't turn it off 23. And to hear the callers of opinions, only 12.1.7 percent. Basically, the audience don't care about your opinion. I like that. Yeah. Think here about my opinion. Sometimes they even care about George's opinion. What's it, why they even care about Josh's opinion? Except on donuts. But here comes the big butt. Back home. They don't care about your opinion. See, one thing I'm discovered about America. What's that? They just, you can't, you can't move them off the dime. No. In other words, here we have this decapitation yesterday. And of course, we also had the one with, what's the guy's name, Daniel Pearl. Pearl. Remember? Yes, I do. Did we have a, we didn't have an actual, yes, video. There was a video, but they didn't make a, I was a big deal out of it. It's weird with someists promoted. It wasn't promoted like this one. I see. 141 at 5, 16, WQM, right now. Let me tell you about the financial group. You've heard us talk about financial group, and they're incredible. Only one mortgage program with that unbeatable. 100% rate for the purchase or refinancing of your home. Think about it just immediately. One and a quarter percent. That means if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mirror. 334 a month. If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan, your payments are just 60 to a month. Now, the advertising on TV, they're on billboards. They're all over the radio. They're everywhere. They're in your pop-up toaster because this program is so exciting. It's got everyone talking. Only one mortgage makes it possible. And only financial group makes it available for you guys. So refinance your current home. Get money for renovations. Move to another home and never pay fees or closing costs again. You pay zero closing costs. Zero credit bureau fees. Zero application fee. Zero discounted points. Zero everything. Can't like most numbers. Zero. This is for real. Just confidential group at 1-866-395-Lendefine. Out of mole. That's 1-866-395-Lendefine. The only one mortgage. It's the only mortgage you'll ever be needing. The Renequil housing lender. Quedor strings apply. 4.25 APR rates subject to change monthly. 9.5. And local. This is for 205-16. 2.25. 2.25. 2.25. 3.25. 3.25. That's a loser. He got a skill. He got a win. They put one back in dozen cars. Rackham. Good doctor's home. He's a hard-to-spin. But now we really know his hard-to-doll. Don't matter what we're told. Yet it changed out of heart. That's all. Opened on his low. He makes decisions. He has the vision. He has the country under his control. While push is jogging. Six things are jogging. And that's what happens when your heart is old. It's all in the same way. And it's full of hope. And it's done a blow. Rackham. He'll keep on working till his heart is cold. He'll keep pretending that his heart ain't old. But it's really old. That's what I do. Cheney had his physical yesterday. They said it's still ticking and beating and pounding in his heart too. Damn it. Because like I said only moments ago, the second most dangerous man in America is Jeb Bush. The number one most dangerous man is Dick Cheney. Does there any doubt about that? No. Number one evil door is Dick Cheney. He wear of dick. Late Sunday afternoon before we get to this story. Did you just send me to leave this story? I guess. You don't know what. I don't know what. I forgot. It's got all the websites to go to check this out. I think it's real. Check out. Cheney questions release a more photos. Mr. Secret of himself, Vice President Dick Cheney suggested yesterday that releasing additional photos of American soldiers, using Rackham prisoners might do nothing more than cater to journalist appetite for more pictures to print. When and down, let's leave Malau. It's not just a matter of sort of winning people's appetite. It's the seasonal stuff here. Cheney told Fox News radio. Congress in the Pentagon working out details on procedures for giving senators access to additional photos. And they're looking at him all today. I should point out. They told him. The Defense Department previously agreed that the Senator on services committee could see classified photos which have not yet made public at least one video. Brittany Spiris was in and I'm hearing. Committee Chairman Senator John Warner of Virginia City yesterday. The President of Virginia City has sent attorneys for advice and including all senators in any viewing. The Bush administration still hasn't said whether it would release the photo of the public. Cheney made clear as serious doubts about releasing them. We wouldn't want as we saw the the British and pictures to allow guilty parties off the Hook said Cheney by the same token. You don't want to see innocent people in a perfectly mind by virtue of the release of the photo graph. Said Dick Cheney, the anxious one. Hope you enjoyed those meetings with Kenny Boyle. Hope you enjoyed all your Hallebert money. Hit it and duck hurt and to. Oh yeah you and Antony man you and Antony. Studio City California late Sunday at the known the Bush voodoo come website and online store both hosted by Yahoo mysteriously disappeared completely from their server. When Frederick Bush voodoo.com staffers contacted customer support they were told the account was closed for non payment and that nothing could be done. Are Yahoo billing supervisor contacted Monday morning stated that the Bush voodoo.com account was in perfect standing and should never been cancelled. She was unable to explain why the cancellation occurred. While I'm talking why don't you type it up on her and see if it's a back online. Bush voodoo.com. I one of the Bush voodoo.com founding partners having a background in computers was able to rebuild the online store and recover the website overnight. However regardless of the sites dramatically birth an email from press outlets continues to be blocked or bounce back causing frustration to the small firm. Alan White of Bush voodoo.com stated that Yahoo staff appeared to be incapable of correcting the sabotage and we repealed the CEE of Yahoo through an unpublished email address as if yet no response has been received. Just 24 hours before I see, just 24 hours before it seemed to parent that the sites launch would be a success when a caller mentioned it on the Randy Roadshow as part of the new liberal air america radio network the brief mentioned set off a florey of activity at the site and dozens of kudos causing emails from site visitors. A major goal of Bush voodoo.com in the George Bush squeeze voodoo dollars to combat voter empathy foster interest in the 2004 election and encourage voters to cast their vote on election day. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the dolls will be donated to non-profit organizations to the same. So let's boost up Bush voodoo.com. Nice going, Randy. You go girl. Wow. You quit talking about what you say. Yeah, that. Not a good idea. Probably want to win you talk to your next time teller to be a quit talking about. Yeah, that. What I talked to. Yeah, when you talk to Oregon. Well, here's the story about the UFO. Do you have, oh, please. Oh. Mexico's largest television network Monday and Tuesday broadcast footage which he and his been shown a little clips of it. And they want to go overboard. Taken by Air Force pilots of what they say are unidentified flying objects UFOs. The footage shows bright lights with movements and characteristics that do not have up to now a scientific explanation according to the television network. The Air Force pilots are heard expressing amazement on the tape. What I'm saying is. I'm going to be a brain by brain analysis show 16 UFOs according to the network. The other one says on the available. Television said the film was taken with an infrared camera. There are no alterations. It's one of the most important film documents we've been able to access access. Especially because it comes from an official source at Jamie Moussand. And journalists who's been tracking the UFO phenomena for more than 25 years. The daily lives you're not on Tuesday over dismissed the Baha'a High as circus. Oh. On January 31, two Mexican Air Force photographers said they video tape what they believe were eight UFOs that are with the Mexico City and the city's international airport for several hours. Go to show that Tequila Man too much we need to do it to you. They showed it on CNN before. On the cable Nazi news number. But they only showed it a couple of times as opposed to like you know stuff that were really supposed to care about. Like a phrasier. Or like the sausage retiring in Milwaukee. 153 at 560 speaking of sausage and that's pretty good on your low carb diet right. And especially if you don't have any preservatives and stuff like that. But if you're sick and tired of your meat and your eggs and your cheese and your steak and your shrimp. I mean it's fine. But you have to have some variety on your low carb diet. So whether you're on the ad can sugar bus to South Beach or any other low carb sugar free diet which you just revolutionary sweeping the universe right now. Head for a story you love the lights of West Booker the number one low carb store in the universe. Many of the new reduced carb products on store shows are geared toward cutting back on carbs. But you look at it label and say, I'm not going to lose weight on these and you won't. You're not geared to weight loss. But the Alliance of West Booker's expertise has always been a continues to be on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting and carry over a thousand products for you to give you a fantastic variety. With a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that can fit in way really successful low carb weight loss plan. The spring sales and full swing right now delight so stop on by their staff nose dieting inside and out. They know you're perfect like you don't. You're open every day seven days away from 10. You'll find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market. You can call them toll free 1 877 low carb that's with a WCARB on web it's low carb dot com. Don't forget to like the West Booker a lot of stores with similar names but there's only one. It's your official atkins retail center. 5. Local this is 560. 3. The New York. Oh, you way in. Program. I urge everyone to complain to the station. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. a magic drinking blue ruaäng Yeah Champions a Tuesday business a ha hate 간단 tubes Bose B о C Red on highwayToday einem sp Walter I have no ladder I'm a little sweet, but I'm being stuck at the cruise stand down The lettuce is in place at quite a minute down And poker though as I'm a little bit So many way they gotta buy a fortune I hope you've got a smile I wanna build my place with my takeover to meet And then I'm gonna sit back now, I'm back a few places they're in Oh, you should come out then don't be Okay, you're back, you're back I'm a little bit tired from the dog I'm a dog The place with a scarcity of lettuce is pretty much present in newspaper and a Republican They can just be a couple of slides, remember that's where I come from Scott and yesterday in the United Nations They've changed their mind, they said, oh, it's not a good idea They backed off the request yesterday and then complaints of blatant politics The readers said, you people be crazy and they said, maybe not a good idea And I'll just come up next week, I'll Kimber for the Associated South New England We got the Crow at seven Marlins baseball at Houston tonight Bye bye You can kiss my rear end