Hey, Geldey quit lying about your rose. Okay, you've got to defend it. You're lying little poor of your soul. But make it up story, you idiot. You backstabbered with little squeaky boys clown you. No! How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America through the mud of the dumbly saying torture, you're a pro. I'd cross a Q&A for the bright. You're like a Nazi from the Ozerd bright. You're a political artist to find anything. Right, don't like women who I can't in between. What's your problem, can't you stop? Don't you think you've gone too far? Everybody thinks you are like you're just a car, D. Are you sure? If you know that German car D was gay, you're kind of like a can't accept me never-be. He kept right home, close by his eyes. Until he got fired with broken die, what's your problem, can't you stop? I've heard it's conducted with my own skull. He would find a gay you are like Joseph Ricardy. Great, great, great, great, great, great boys. No sight seeing creepy. Great, great. David Robert, great for words in that the K.E. Stirthing are guaranteed that he was probably checking out Clinton's penis. I got an interesting piece on Clinton's penis by the way, which we'll get to. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. I'll get to the next part of the story. As a matter of fact, we could say after A.D. and we'd be doing fine, if word for the fact that Greg Reid is an overgrown child, and he won't sit down with your rose, and he keeps playing Canton mouse and lion through his teeth, which is his number one, especially. If he'd sit down with a guy like Simon to the deal that he promised him and pay him to money, promised him everything would be just fine. Where would he do it? But it would be. But no! And so as a result, your, I guess, is out of no what the real deal is. Because there's all these stories out there. You know, Muck tells you one thing, an inclarer and scum. First had a good idea this morning, and he said, Jeldi is so good. He ought to do a walk off show. Is what he ought to do. No! You know, say a couple of words, and then just give one, one or two of those. I'm just walk off. Maybe we would be a four or two of his eyes. Walk off, Jeldi. Okay. You're the problem now. Little did we know that Mow turned out to be a pretty, and not a good guy. And he is, after all, a cancer, but nevertheless, benign is compared to like Jeldi. He's like a benign tumor. As compared to that festering, whining little twerp. Too bad, right? Could it be no hockey season this fall, Jeldi? 14 every 90 votes on our pollies today. What famous female living Riddit is most overrated as to looks, and do we have our thumb right on her answer? What? Sarah Jessica Parker, as we always call her, because for some reason I can't say it right, Sarah Jessica Parker just sounds better. Don't look any better though. She had 365 for her. She is a beast. Ever seen her in a beast together? Same person. Paris, Hilton, 232, and I'll say it again. Any you guys out there, so desperate to see the Paris Hilton sex tape, and you guys must be whatever the step is beyond desperate. That's what you are. 400 yards beyond desperate. Paris Hilton had a strong second pass in Madonna like she was laying out flat, Madonna told her to live in. Nasty, skanky bitch. She wore your Robert's 160. I don't know what that's all about. I mean, she's overrated, but I mean, she's not that great. But she's a bit actress. Sometimes. Find actress. And you still haven't seen Erin now. What's her bitch? Brockovich. Yes, I did. Oh, you did? I saw it during vacation just before I did the Erin Brockovich. I never mentioned it. Well, I never mentioned it because maybe I'm an on vacation. Who knows? I did see a child's play. Is that the name? Yeah, right? Last night. I saw most of it and then I had to go to bed. It was on like till midnight. I'm too old to be stayed up till midnight and get up high. I'm not going to clock in the morning. But Chris surrendered was in there. And the origin I discovered that we both have a similar opinion about Chris and he said the fact he's a fact. And that is a looks just like Eric. What? What? Oh, nothing. I told myself a joke I never heard before. Oh. How seriously? He looks just like Eric Roberts. Yeah. And a junior Roberts. Same person. And nobody likes Eric Roberts. Even junior probably don't like him now. junior 160 Pan Anderson 88. Now, what's the pun of time back in the day? About 100 years ago. He looks like pretty dang good. When she had like real movies. Renee Zellweger 68, Merle Streep 64, Maria Schriver, the notes in Bitch 58, the first lady of California, 58. Cameron Diaz 57, Nicole Kidman 49, much to do about nothing at Bitch. Glenn Close 38. She wasn't even close. Good actress though. Halle Berry 32. You don't think she's a good actress? She's a fine actress. Halle Berry 32. There's no justice. Merle and Monroe 31, Sandra Bullock 29, Amber Smith finally got five. She was her behind a beauty curtain a bitch the yesterday. And I don't care what any of you say. Head of all or not. She was okay. Just okay. Okay. Why? You thought she was great? She's really super hot. She's smoking? No, that's the only thing. Get out of here. Nancy Grace 4. That Tony Southern Drawer hers on court TV. Nancy Grace. Oh, she makes my skin boil. And by the way, do have a boil. It's healing up just fine. I don't have any cyst. I'm not going to go have a cutout. And all you have to do is out there. Bug off. I just thought I would tell a story to bud my piercing my boil because it was gross and disgusting. That's why. I can't say anything else on here. So let's do that. We can talk about Pusson blood. You notice. Here we go. There are all lined up. Now the last two weeks it was Reagan. Reagan, Reagan, Reagan, because he finally croaked. And now this week. Next week it's all tinted on. Even our polis clinton this week. Back how give you the pol right now because it's not when we're going to build. I'm feeling it's boring. What's your take on Bill Clinton? Well, why not? I mean, that's all everybody's talking about right now. I didn't know that Reagan or Clinton were running for president quite frankly. All I think in his president's state, I'll Reagan might be a big improvement over what we got now. And I know that Clinton already was. But anyway, here's three six seven choices. What's your take on Bill Clinton? He's the greatest. He was much better than W. His ego is out of control. He's trying to upstage Kerry. He has a nifty penis. He was weak or he was an embarrassment. Okay. On our, I'll be behind a bit of curtain today is, listen Anthony. Although Eric in the beginning had Anthony, listen. I looked at our thought that ain't no Anthony. I know a little Anthony. She ate so little. Listen. Anthony is on our be the curtain. I'll give you her whole inside poop in a moment. All before that. Brittany's puppy love nightmare. Poor little Brittany. She's got another nightmare every day. It's seen. I don't know. I'm going to show you how it is pictured that he put up a week ago yesterday. That look like a nightmare. What happened to poor Brittany? It's one thing to be a little bit out of shape. But that it looked like Brittany's head. Not a very good one either. It looked like her head on Rosie O'Donnell's body. Are we really did? She looked as perky as a poor Petunia pig. All she wanted was a cuddle with a new puppy. But in the complicated world of Brittany's spirit, nothing is that simple. Instead, the trouble 22 year old singer found herself at the center of a major incident when she called a pet shop to collect the latest member of her entourage. Spears who's been cooperating after a serious knee injury decided a fluffy white multi-stereo was just the thing to tear herself up. There were squeals of delight. A she and her mother-lin picked out her new pet near her home in Santa Monica, California. But as Mrs. Oh, that's what is Mrs. Hmm. But I'm sure her name isn't Mrs. Spears, but that's what it says here. As Brittany drove them away, if a photographer had been waiting outside the shop, claimed she had run over his foot. Within moments Brittany and her mother were surrounded by an arm audit entourage or police. A lot of entourage is in this story. Police permits and even the fire brigade. They all wanted to get a peek, I guess, or feel. As the circus unfolded around them, a miserable Brittany who had a cancel her world tour last month because of her knee problem could only sit and wait. The first police arrived to see her off the area. Then more police swarmed in around the shop. In the end there were ten patrol cars at the scene. Thank God there's no crime out there in LA. Two ambulances arrived, Birmingham with Pirmetterson, the local fire crews turned up. Even when it became obvious they would not be needed. They found an excuse to stay for at least half an hour. Maybe to get a like I said a peek, a feel of squeeze or something. In the midst of all the pandemonium it was left to a single female officer to ask Mrs. Spears what had happened. Yeah, they keep saying Mrs. Spears in this article here. Once cooked out of the car she happily gave her version of events. If the presence of somebody officers was meant to reassure her whether fraught daughter would didn't work. Looking tired of distress Brittany started yelling then she sought eventually. She burst into tears. Finally after answering the police officer's question Mrs. Spears was allowed to go on of her daughter's minders took over the driving. The photographer who claimed to have been hurt was taken a hospital and not know whether any charges will be brought. But I'm sure that's a good idea when you think. You've heard me draw over your foot when you bring some charges. Yeah, I would. I would sue her for something. Yeah, and then settle for like a quick deal. Anyway, just to give an idea since the Clinton thing is just mammoth and big and huge this week and next week and the book came out at midnight last night and people are lined up by the thousands from coast to coast. And I got to go out and buy it. Oh, I couldn't give a flying crap less. How do you like that? I love Clinton. I just don't want to read his book. 950 pages of self-adgrandizing stuff which there's nothing I really want to know about Bubba. I wish he could run again. I'd vote for him in a heartbeat, but I just am not interested. Are you? I mean, he'll be all there. King Thursday night. That's a good reason to miss that show. I mean, I don't know as if we need one. But in the book, the hunting of the president, which the movie is out now, by Joe Conneson and Jean Lyons on page 318 and what you talk about figures in a wood pile between this bitch, Laura Ingraham and that bitch and Colter and that bitch mismatch drugs so many bitches in so little time. All of the crap that they made up in a course so I'll fed through the drug report naturally. If you can't get him out of office, if you can't win the election, if he's not close enough to be able to steal it, just to come up with some other bunches of crap to dream him out of office. That was the whole game plan. So anybody who doesn't believe that stuff about the right wing conspiracy is strictly a right wing lunatic. You're totally in denial, like a clear patch of your indenial baby. Page 318. Now this is very short as to few paragraphs can you handle it good. But with the departure of Gildavis and Joe Camerada is Council of Record for Paula Jones and September, prospect for selling her case gradually faded. For an interim period during the weeks that followed Bill Mcmillanthik over as a council, at first Bob Bennett who was Clinton's attorney regarded Susan Carpet and Mcmillan's lawyer husband with suspicion, the quickly him to regard him as a savvy guy who might sincerely want to reach a settlement. Any trust that might have been established between Bennett Mcmillan however was lost in October when two other Jones supporters, George Conway and Anne Colter took it upon themselves to leak details of the supposed distinguishing characteristic of the president's genitals. Without humiliating disclose your any attempted settlement agreement surely would be scuttled. Just to be certain Conway sent a confidential email on October 8th of the drug report, the New York lawyer refreshed Mad Rugges' memory by identifying himself as a friend of Laura Engraham, Conway forwarded the same message to her the following morning. This exclusive was being provided Conway wrote on the condition that D'Rugges would conceal its source. Among other problems Conway's leak was a clear violation of Judge Wright's gag order covering all attorneys in the Jones litigation. The distinguishing physical characteristic that Paula Jones says she believes that she saw is that Clinton's penis is curved when it's erecty wrote, If it is correct, then Clinton has a year-logical condition called Pyronis disease. It is caused by blockages and blood flow to the penis. If blood is constricted on one side, the penis curves when it's erect. Jones former lawyers, Cameroa and Davis attempted to find a year-logical expert witness before they resound for the case. The idea was that the expert witness a physician would examine Clinton in a turdied state induced by injection, and then would render an opinion as to whether it's impossible that Clinton had the problem in 1991. Disgusting or what Conway had explained over his forwarded message to Ingraham and there he had a point. It later turned out the president had no history of Pyronis disease, and then like other shifting allegations by Jones, this can art failed to survive close examination. But truth or falsity, the allegation mattered little to Conway and Colter, their interest is called her candidly admittedly to Michael Isaacov, was to humiliate the president. She thought a settlement would be a disaster. While Conway pushed a Pyronis theory on drugs, Colter gave it to Richard Johnson of the York Post-Pate-6 gossip column. Richard Johnson, I got it. When Johnson's editors refused to let him print it, the item turned up on the front page of the Washington Times, and on Don I'm, is this radio show such a decision? Yeah. How do you like that? There's just a little example of the kind of crap that was made up in past from this one to that one, to Anne Colter, to lower Ingraham, to that drugs to the world. 1013 at 560 WQF, if you're sick and tired of your PC being attacked by browser pop up windows being watched by spyware and getting nothing but virus emails from your friends and coworkers, the easiest way to deal with these bugs is to get you a Mac and Tosh from Mac Center, the Apple Specialist in Fort Lauderdale. The Mac and Tosh is built on an entirely different based on windows, so all these PC pests just can't hurt the Mac. The technology experts at Mac Center can show you that it's easy to change to the Mac, with thousands of programs available, including ones you already are used to like Microsoft Word and Excel, that even take your old computer is a trade-in. So make the change today by calling the Mac Center at 954-486-5500. You won't get a better deal on your Mac or iPod anywhere else in South Florida because Mac Center is the home of the 5% rebate on every single purchase. Come in before June 30th. Thoughts hurt man! To register to win the hard to find iPod Mini. That's at the Mac Center on commercial Boulevard, call it 954-486-5500. Don't forget to mention you heard about it right here on QAM. My Hi-Hi, and what is this for? This is for Tridial V6-QA-2A-M. That my junior honey. Alright! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, come on over honey now. Come and take a drive to my big house. In Chappell, we can both get Jews and maybe a little Panama. The watch is on business. She's out for a week, I might forget it in a candy store. It's time to cheat, I got pretzels, hot dogs, co-berry and pizza. You remember, little Billy, you're lame in town pizza. It's gonna be a wild time, I'm home in New York. Because the leaves, darling, cheating's like a sport. I'm zipped my fly so good. Come and over honey now blow on my trumpet. A little bit of Monica, and my dog. A little bit of Monica without my wife. Now, we're in the Philippines, Monica. It's what I see. When she's got a wave, that's still a rave. A little bit of Monica's what I need. A little bit of Monica, and my more weeks. A little bit of Monica here, I am. A little bit of you, I'm a happy man. Well, I've loaded a button this wouldn't still play just barely. I mean, just right up against the edge, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'll close you. Huh? But no, Bill's the guard. But no cigar. Oh, and by the way, I forgot to mention. All right, I fucking blow. And they lost him in a bunch of errors in Los Lash. Now, with him, sure Josh is probably in the dump her about that. But Josh Dero, Clarence sends me a fax and says, here's tonight's schedule. You and McGin South Carolina against the Gain Cox at 7 o'clock on A&790. Certainly not here on Q&A because we got the Marlins or Real Team. The Braves at the Marlins pre-gaming at 630 Gain 10705 at PP Park. Listen for a possible walkoff home or says Clarence. In fact, I think he had a great slide of all time. Gellys, you do that walkoff show. That's a good idea. Just one last squeak would be good in this walkaway or an A. Anyway, let's say an Anthony. Born September 26, 1963, that makes her old. This is what it makes her. Not as old as me, but pretty damn old anyway. 40, which almost 41. Pretty old. Not by South Florida standards, the luckers had a spring chicken. Well, she's made a lot of movies. You know what? Beneath Loch Ness 2001 Fairway La Harry. Uh, uh, the Petch Mode, the video's 86 to 98. Tale of the Mummy, Miss Begotten, Man of her Dreams, trilogy of terror, Robinson Crew, so Prince of Lies, a fair play dead cold. Dracolide dead loving it. I wonder if Erica, not Erica, Chris, or Anna was in it. What was that awful movie he was in where he played the vampire? Uh, one of those little kid movies a year. Uh, it'll come today. One of those teenage goofball movies. Right. That was it. That was actually coming out of the night movie. That's been writing McDonald's and I'm going to be watching. She's dead, by the way. Rottom McDowell. She was a real lady. Dr. Jerklon, Miss, Miss Hyde, with Polyburg and Shaw and young. Whatever happened to Polyburg and is she dead? Who? Okay. Nice skin. The hard truth. The brilliant disguise. The hour of the pig. Oh, it's speaking to that. What a segue. You see, it's this word relationship. What do you get to be old and down? You just have to connect the dots. I wanted to say, Hi, how are you? For our good post personal friend, Jeff Hyde, who's just barely hanging on. I mean, we don't want to sound like we're rejoicing over this because he's never stole a free train and as much as we've written on us. He certainly compared to his colleagues over there in sales. Uh, heads and big shoulders, big head and big shoulders above. Some of the rest. We can rejoice. He's not dead. He's not dead. He's not. Yeah, we're very happy. You're not dead. Oh, right. Boy, but he's right on the verge. I don't know how to pacemaker installed enough. He's resting. Uncomfortable at home. Probably probably sitting there with a radio turned on and a back and just a little firm shoveling. Oh, he's not. He's not. You say why? Come some tomorrow. You sure? No. Dead or alive. They're bringing him home tomorrow. Well, he needed the two hospital rooms. They need to those two beds. Take out a flat bed. Look for the QAM van. They must have worked on there, but do you not pull in any will over my eyes, Miguel. Look for the QAM van. Love it a clock this morning at the Shell gas station on the corner of 27th and US 1 in a grove. Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets while they last to the night's Marlin Braves game. So in other words, they got a bunch of them and all you got to do is stop by and they give you some tickets. How do you like that? That's on 27th and US 1. The Shell gas station. Look for the QAM van starting at when it. Love it a clock this morning. I'm sure he'll stay there until all. How many tickets has he got? About 30 minutes. So all five tickets are gone. So is it upon by? Maybe you want to wait for him right now. Huh? Okay. Because that's free. Maybe you'll spend like 5, 6, 8 bucks gas to get over there, but nonetheless you can tell all your friends you got free tickets for the night's game and impress everybody. After considerable financial turmoil, a staff bloodletting and station losses, executives at Eramarica tell the Wall Street Journal at the company is stabilizing and is on track to meet its financial goal. Well, don't get too carried away. Radio ink today says maybe, but the Wall Street Journal yesterday reported that many executives have not yet been reimbursed for expenses incurred before doing an after the launch of the Liberal Radio Network on March 30. But third man. In fact, as the Journal notes, creditors are lined up at the door and it's off the year in those two big markets still at Los Angeles and Chicago. Or some illiterate mass holes would say, Chicago. How come I haven't said that before? Mass hole. I guess I did. Yeah? I just said it again. I like Spansel's better though. The idea that there are words that I've been sent on here for 20 years that we can't say right now should give you a real good idea of the kind of climate that exists in New York, America. But why I mean, why should we worry? What's it got to do with Quarit's go for Alfred Newman. It's good enough for W. Two of her America's initial problems, lack of clash in a cash and a business plan, and lack of comprehension of how they're, oh, this is so great. Don't go to a skating on by this. A business plan, that lack of comprehension of how the radio industry works. Sounds like UAM. Just prior to launch day, key executives within the company were growing that they'd raise more than $30 million from investors. Not 30 million. When, in fact, only six million actually have been collected. But what's 24 million among friends, right? Right. Chuck was in six weeks of the launch. Those funds have been spent in the company or credit is more than two million. The second problem arose from an affiliation plan that essentially insisted that stations carry all 24 hours of the network programming, which few programmers were interested in doing. MS radio president Rick Cummings says he said, grief talks to their America. He said, that is the MS. But maintain that he didn't want to dedicate entire station to which shows his network requested. They quickly realized there were a lot of things they didn't know and one was how to do radio. Now, you lay, you're lacking if I got to the line. They quickly realized there were a lot of things they didn't know and one was how to do radio coming, told the journal. Since the initial debacle, Air America's investors equated a new company, P.Con. LLC, which bought the assets of the old company. They've also stopped trying to buy stations, lease air, timer, and assisted stations carry their entire slate of programming. So they're hanging on. I guess it's the best. The most generous way to describe it. They're hanging on. Hopefully Randy got some candy. Hopefully she's getting paid. Maybe we'll get a spy report because we sure ain't got to get any calls on the poll because we're not building the poll today and that of course is the end of the phone calls, right? So you know what that means. Count buck? Yeah. Right. Oh, please. Now, all those. All your favorite people. I think your journal have all summer to conserve with you folks and I just, I'm really jealous. Set for Tuesdays and Thursdays. Well, let's take a look at the poll. And I look at this. I wouldn't be surprised if I can 30. By the bottom of the hour we have close to as many votes as we had on the whole first two hours yesterday. Right. Well, not by 10 by 11, anyway. Because they just didn't like that thing about the overrated looks actor. Yeah. Because, oh, well, we're all men out here. I got 98% male audience out there. We just don't know what the guys are supposed to look good. Okay. We believe it. Not. Once you take on Bill Clinton, we got 115 votes. He was much better than W53. 58. Just changed again. We got 124. Almost better than W58. He's the greatest 37. We love him. That was my, I don't mean greatest of all time. But I mean, he's the greatest isn't we like him a lot. We sometimes write write. I would write. Right. He was an embarrassment 14. 14 people who never got laid. His ego is out of control six. He was weak for he has an at the penis three. And he's trying to upstage carry two. Now there's two ways to look at that. See, because I was thinking also the timing of this whole thing. Yeah. But maybe it's not such a bad idea because carry is really scary. I mean, the less we see him between our lesson time because the polls. In fact, I got one coming up a little bit later. The polls are starting to really improve for carry in a lot of areas. In fact, this morning for the first time is a poll that shows even on fighting terrorism, which we know the president hasn't been doing anyway. He's been too busy with his Iraq attack and a lot of innocent people die. But even on fighting terrorism, carry now moved to point ahead, which has been pushes strong suit, brought into the same place that Greg gets his. And I think to him too good at doing about as well as Greg is doing these days. Hey, Greg, get your road sign a quick deal around this man. Well, stop messing with success. He puts your rosinner all by himself eight to ten. We finally have a lead in a guy that's not going to threaten our license. That's not going to, you know, just to find big numbers in their eight to ten spectacular. But he just can't get it done because Greg is an emotional cripple and overgrown child. So what guilty or anybody else or bullcamper tells you that your rosinner has suspended guess why? Lies! Your bunch of liars are he was not suspended. He has a little contractual dispute with management if they ever get around to a certain power them like a real mench, which Greg read is not. But just just pretend you're a mench just meant for a day. Get Jack Bailey, call him up on a phone, maybe get you to win on that show, mench for a day. Don't mention it. Okay. Hey, the best pizza in town or your money back, that's correct. You heard right the best pizza or your money back. I bet you I know somebody who's moving to Columbus who wants to take advantage of that. You know, Jeff, this was really good, but I've had better. Haha, I can just see that. Jeff Cohen, chef and owner of the pizza loft restaurant guarantees you'll be thrilled with all the food of the pizza loft and he's so sure that you're going to love that pizza three different kinds by the way, that he guarantees his pizza's divest in town or he'll give you your money back. That's right, the best pizza in town or your money back. After 27 years in South Florida, pizza lofts are in the reputation for quality food, great service, far beyond expectations. Jeff is inviting you to stop by pizza loft today and take him up on his offer for the best pizza in town and a guarantee you'll become what a pizza loft regular customers do. Now they offer you a balance for life's own diet menu items as well as whole wheat pizza and whole wheat pasta too for those who'd like to stay alive. Unlike fat boy, hey, stay alive, hi, fat boy. Although even if he croaks, we've always got just as a to remember. Hi, you're telling. Yeah, we've got that right. He lives on. Fred, there you go. Just like we got pizza loft is located in Davian University drive, just to mile the South of 595 north of Griffin Road. Pizza loft is open every day seven days a week for lunch and dinner. Tons of peep parking and they live at a most of South Broward. So for fantastic first delicious Italian goodies the best pizza you've ever had. Call pizza loft at 9 5 4 9 1 6 80 80 9 5 4 9 1 6 80 80 for the world famous pizza loft in Davi home of that money back what I'm thinking. Hi, my name is Logan. This is 4 30 5 60. Another audio selection from the Cleason memoirs. Had a mating with a cabinet today and it's been a little time with Madeline Allbright and over national security and I got it. Madeline was oddly turned on. Yes, it turns out of all is one of the grandfathers. The Clinton memoirs. That book stores this summer. Ever seen that little Allbright and the Bubba's Grandfather together? No, never seen person. Anyway, now look at that fall man. Dennis Adornale and that's because all of our audience are lined up at the bookstores. Probably it Barnes and Noble's and borders all of books doors all over town. Wait to buy the Clinton memoirs right now. Wouldn't you think? I don't know. Not. What's the last time you bought a book? The Allbright and Book. You actually bought that? Yeah, I bought it. I think given you mine, no problem. I kind of paid you to take it. I'm sorry. I'm just becoming less and less of a fan of Allbright and because you just every time I see him on TV, such a dullard. His writing is somewhat amusing. They're parts of that book that are, which I read. Remember the one day that guy sucked me at a reading that one chapter on what's the name from Michelle and Hannity? Man was that boring. I apologize to myself, like right in the middle of it in Schmittkand, right in the middle of the reading, it was just pathetic. Crowds line up for the Clinton book. Okay, maybe the audience doesn't care about it, but man, everybody in America, that's where it's at. Reagan last week and Clinton this week. Anybody except Bush and Kerry? I mean, and then neither of course being the honest guy that he is, being a total figure, he picks a running mate who happens to be a member of loser, member of the Green Party in California, which is his way of sneaking into, there are 22 states for the Green Party's already on the ballot. So that's his way of getting his name on a ballot in those states, because otherwise he hasn't got a Chinatm in sense. By the way, you might be very interested, Arizona, which Bush won in 2000, released so they claim. You can't believe any of the states that he supposedly won, but Arizona, the latest poll shows Bush 44, Kerry 41 and later two. Pretty interesting. Pretty close, if you ask me since Kerry hasn't even gotten out of death mode yet. Out of bed. And they said that the outspend Bush in May, I forget how many million dollars they said that the Democrats spent in May. And we did see those two boring spots. Other than that, was there anything? No, I don't know what kind of campaign he's running. Maybe it's like one of those kind of like sneak up on you least expect it toward the end of it. Uh, subtle. Former president Clinton's way the autobiography from his childhood in Arkansas, it was eight years in the White House when I was sale today. I made a wave of publicity, expected to propel him out of the best seller was each your hard out-out-out-frican and misfudge. The 957 page, Tom, my life-scrall's chronologically like a diary, over 55 untaddle chapters that are not organized by subject. The second half of the book covers these two terms as president, a four-page epilogue covers the three-year since he left office. In all, he provides the first person there would give up his political battles and accomplishments, his opinions on Vice-President and his Vice-President, his successor, a scathing review of his impeachment and the prosecutor, a pursuit of the anxious, can he star? I'm going to get your boy, I'm going to get your boy, can he star that one? I mean, well, that's being indicted. That one. Now, what's this, say to all staff from Josh Dero? Uh, geez. You know, first of all, I forgot I'm glad that he sent me this because number one, we're running that phony auction again, which is just another revenue stream for Beesley Broadcasting. And on this guilty, guilty, the shameless show, you see, guilty is perfect to be doing the pants again. Why? He's the ultimate shield. He even makes a rumor look like an outspoken guy. That's the kind of shield that the guilty is, and that's what the Panther organization loves. That's why he was on the ear talking about the successful season of Panther's that. And I want color, ripped him and asked that day, and I congratulate that color very enthusiasticly because you are absolutely correct, sir. Not even coming close to making a playoff's yet again. Another disaster. And he's on her time out. It's a very successful season. Yeah. You're just a liquor man, man. He must have a tongue as long as they are editor. Thank. How serious have this? They must have been accustomed with him. He just makes me nauseous. If you ever call me at home again, whining about mold, Gueld. I'm going to just go and kidnap one of your kids. Get him to give him to a real father. Anyway, Clarence Dero sends me this. So, Clarence has just been arrested for impersonating a program director. That's cute. That's what Dubs says. He now goes before Chairman Goldberg for Beel. He'll call for Beel money. Every year we do this cornball thing. But anyway, let me finish that thing about the online auction that we're promoting again. We won't be promoting it on this show. We may have a promo or two, which they asked me what I'd be offended by that. I don't care what kind of spew to me. Put on the ear what a wirecare. This is long as I'm not required to endorse it. It's fake. It sounds like it's for charity. And it's all they're doing is sticking money in their pocket because these are a bunch of grave robbers. Okay. So, I'll get sucked into that QM online auction. Unless, of course, you're a sports nerd. The balls are real. Now, that's not what I heard. I saw that. That's not what's currently. They've been carrying them around the station. That's all. Now, I heard Duff had him. This year, Hank Goldberg's been named the honorary chairman for David Singer's jail and bailed Arrays money for the American Cancer Society, which I'm not the least bit of a fan of the American Cancer Society. Either when you come right down to it. They waste millions and millions of dollars and they're not doing squad. Are you a fan of the American Cancer Society? I really don't know what it came about them. I'm not reading this either. Okay. And again, I don't want to pee on your parade. But quite frankly, what you guys do for us for our charity for whatever charity we're doing every year. You could put in the thimble to have room for Petpo's ass and Hank's leftover in there. Okay. So, Bugga. Getting back to the Clinton book. I've actually got a lot of these people calling right now. Already been to their local book store and are probably employing through, huh? Oh, yeah. They're probably going to read us selected passages right now. WQM. Hello. See, there's one favorite. That was chapter eight. WQM. Hello. Anyhow, how are you doing sir? Okay. Listen, I can I just ripped some body actually the court system and self-law it up. No, you're crying a pet on my talking. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't worry about me. I got a whole smit load of stuff all piled up here. Unlike Rick Wally, who's the lie that he had all bunch of stuff and never had nothing. Which is why that's your way down here anymore. We love size but Rick Man, the truth comes out finally. Everybody hates you. Including us. Even Georgia's finally ready to admit it today. Come on, do it. Don't hate Rick. They had you don't. I tell you. Now, what you told me off the year? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's take a quick look at that poll. Oh, don't give those poll results every 10 minutes. See, I saw that poll. You took, in fact, I voted on your poll. So we didn't last week, even though I did not listen to the show or set the company. It's Friday when I heard such was on. But, uh, and I enjoyed that poll. It was an audience suggestion and they got me. We had nothing else that day. That's right. As a matter of fact, I remember it started out. I looked to see what your poll question was and ever had on there. Which of these things or what thing? I don't know. And I just like that. Which told me right away, well, this man don't have a poll. It's only Tuesday. Right. What's your take on Bill Clinton? But the thing about the poll, I'll talk about the poll. I've never had a poll. I feel like it. Okay. If we didn't have the poll on his show, we'd be talking to Shamba and Maddie Corner. We'd be there for four hours. Like it was for about two years there. They got nothing to say. I mean, that's the South Florida line of the awaking dead. Maybe that's why I curial do very well in South Florida because he looks like he fits right in. Herman Monster Jr. What's your take on Bill Clinton? That's our poll question. Today we got 23 votes already. See that? He was much better than W 101. Well, I goes without saying. He's the greatest 63. Love him. We love him. He was an embarrassment. 19, 9.3% in embarrassment. Just because he got a couple of, uh, about 30 man jobs. In fact, there were a lot more jobs when he was in office than there are right now. And we're not talking about these phony jobs that are coming in now, that they keep reporting. But I think they're making up his ego is out of control eight. That may be a good point. He has a nifty penis six. Not according to what we just read about his fake Pironies disease. Did you know anything about Pironies disease? No. I think it was just a boil. He was weak for and he's trying to help stage carry two out of 200 loan votes. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. I'm doing great. Okay. I was just thinking for your South Florida audience if you want a poll that everybody's going to call in on. Yeah. You're going about it all wrong. You have to do, um, which Miami dolphin will have to take a smuffles this year. And then you'll get all the calls. And by the way, is D. Feele released a lot of that team Josh? Yeah. You got to be kidding me. Oh, and that touchy Feele guy. Boy, they're going to, I wouldn't be surprised if they go about four and twelve this year. That dolphins. Right in that doubt. Okay. Wouldn't, wouldn't surprise me? How they're going to win any of the air gains with that team? Would that team, they got? And then of course they got that Jack Martin coach in the Panthers if there was a season. Would Jack Martin coaching in Gildy calling the games? That's definitely a losing combination right there. And Mike Keenan, who already is a scam here in rumors about the he wants to trade Steven. Why is he wants to do this? He don't like this one. I, for the life of me, just because Jack Martin wanted to back. Jock Martin. See, we don't, uh, dignified a frog's by doing that franchise. And we just call him Jack Martin. Here and I'm Terry or people spiggeting ways or else. Or else. That's right. We need a, we need a Jock. What was his name back? Cherock. No, not just. We need John Cretchen back. That's what we need. Oh, they got the election here next year. They got the election here next Monday. The biggest bunch of strips you ever saw in Paul Martin or is that Martan. He's from Quebec. He's another one. And then you've got this right wing bush wannabe, Steven Harper, who's the conservative Nazi candidate. And then Jack Laten from the new Democratic Party, the MVP emphasized the P part. Speak out of that. How's Jack's back at doing? Some are is here, but are you still embarrassed to take off your shirt of the pool or where that nice skirt you saw in a window? I understand that even Joe Rose is embarrassed to wear that nice skirt. Come on back tomorrow, Joe. Put mucking around, okay. We can't handle this good. Get Geldian Bosho after a Moan. Oh, Moan. And Geldian. It is a disaster. What's going on in this station? Anyway, what are you finally doing to lose weight and feel better about yourself and stay alive unlike certain fat people I don't want to mention. No names. Isn't that sad? Now the guy so fat he's got a pacemaker. Hi, how are you? Take a veg. What? He thought that. Yeah, barely. Just barely. First it was the Walker and the cane and now the pacemaker and the upper right. This maker and any operation in the hip, it weighs about 800 pounds soaking wet. Who would have thought that you could have three meals and two snacks delivered right you to your daily and still lose weight? Well, the balance for like you can and don't forget the beauty of the deal is you get to pick your meals. Pass on the Boba Genus. That's my advice. Each week we'll get a different menu with two sluggins for every meal. No other company offers anything like this. Select your breakfast lunch dinner and two snacks. That's it. There's no cleaning, no cooking, no calorie counting, no carb counting and you lose weight. Because all the meals are based on the proven zone diet, but doctor. Very serious. For example, when you choices this week are portable and provolony omelette, Vial Marcella and crab Louis Salad. How can you call that dieting? People on bounds for like are losing an average of 15 pounds a month without even trying hard. Plus for a limited time get a free pedometer when you sign up. Track your steps and increase the weight loss and now try their special seven day trial never offered before. Call their toll free number 1 866-225-4543 to get started or get more information or go online at balance for like a week. Online at balance for like.com. That's balance for like.com or call toll free 1 866-225-4543. 5-30 local this is 566. 3 years old yours. I'm actually in. For a guy. In bow. Following is a paid infotivement. I wrote the guy in the ugly sweater and on the guy with a fake Australian accent. And if I got an offer for you. What if I'll show you of a way to say thousands of dollars on your petrol bill? What the heck is petrol? Petrol means gasoline. Ooh, gas is expensive. What do I have to do to save money? Don't tell me I have to throw away my car. Stop being a moron. I can show you how to save up to 100% on your gasoline bill. I'm just going to buy you a new gas and gas system. Oh, gas and gas. Sounds complicated. It's not. It's so simple even a common criminal could do it. Oh, does the gas and gas system work? It couldn't be easier. Just pull up to the gas station. Fill your tank is normal. And then instead of paying for it. Just drive away. I'm getting gas. It's gas. Isn't that great folks? I told you gas and gas is a real steel. Say it. Does it work at all gas stations? That's the beauty of it. Gas and gas works one time at every gas station. I'm so proud of it. I can I order the gas and gas system. I'd love to tell you if I did. I'd be an accessory. I'm so terrific. Hey folks, don't go away. When we come back our friend will tell you how to save money on expensive restaurant bills. Uh-huh. It's more patented. She'll enscrew system. Oh, I'm getting hungry already. You're all ready. You're all in the wild. It's so awesome. 1048 is 560 c. Don't watch information. So you can't really appreciate this much of some of the rest of us. Sorry. Why not? I know it. There are times even when you have 700 channels like I do when the information is on Sunday. Really? Yeah. Sunday before you're talking. Show start. It's some of the most entertaining craft. You haven't been watching Rime Poe Peel on the. No, I will say this though. Yes. On the Spanish language TV cable channels. They have been for commercials for I don't know what they are. Where they just have women's asses, parade and around constantly. I think they're for nylon just so there you go. I watch the other one. Oh, what is this? I don't know. They don't want to speak. I don't know. So I bought the other one. There you go. Anyway, there's not very good news for President Bush and the latest ABC news Washington Post pulling a 2A race carry 53 bush 45% and a 3A match of carry 48 bush 44 and Nader 4. Nader continues being an arrogant pompous ass with an ego the size of a not rush more. Unacceptable. I think maybe they're going to have to like break his legs. That might be the only way to get the message across. Also, the Wastley Journal, which is the right of a till of the hunt, their battleground pull us better news from us to Bush. The president continues to gain on John Kerry among likely voters in the 16 Bound round states. Mr. Bush now leads in the seven states up from the five states healt to which to go. I'd like that. And of course keep in mind all these numbers. Kerry hasn't even awakened from a deep nap yet. What's going to happen when he wakes up? At least it'd be very, very good or you never know. Speaking of bad news for candidates, Republican Senate candidate Jack Ryan in Chicago. Pressure does wife well known actress Jerry Lynn Ryan. And Ryan has sex in clubs while others watched. She charged in divorce documents released yesterday. Something George can relate to those sex clubs, those swing clubs. Try to slap your wife in here and embarrass and humiliate and degrade her. If she won't do anything anyway. No wonder she hates you like poison. By the way, speaking of poison, how's her lemonade doing? The Boston public and Star Trek Voyager actress that she angered Ryan by refusing. She did acknowledge impidelity on her part, which she said took place after the marriage was irretribably broken anyway. In the documents Ryan denied the allegations saying he'd been faithful and loyal to his wife. In a news conference, how'd documents were released Ryan repeatedly refused to come out on the allegations. Saying his response in the court papers spoke for itself and that he would not discuss them again. It's not helpful for my son or for she or me to reopen the allegations Ryan said. I'm sticking by the exact things I said five years ago. While Ryan has spent time in recent days attempting to serve support among the party leadership, one Republican member of the Illinois delegation called for Ryan to withdraw his candidate, Ray Lahood. Republican from Piora, that's the hood he hangs out and said Ryan needs to quit the campaign for the good of himself. His family and his party. There's no way the people of Illinois are going to count on his behavior from a Senate candidate from the Republican party. Ryan said he's got no plans to withdraw. My attention is to stay in the race he'd be saying. Jerry Lynn Ryan shared during custody hearing that Ryan took around surprise tips to New Orleans, New York in Paris in 1998, and then he insisted he'd go to sex clubs with him on each trip. She said that after going out today with Ryan in New York, he demanded that she go to a club with him. It was a bizarre club with cages, whips and other apparatus hanging from the ceiling. She said, right. How come I have that echo on it? Did you hit it too? You just hit it also? Yeah. No. Oh my god. She said Ryan asked him to perform a sexual act while others watch and she refused. Oh right. No, it's one. She said they left and Ryan apologized during the Senate was out of his system, but then she said he took an appearance and again took it to a sex club. She said she cried, became physically ill at the club, and her husband got angry with her. She said she could never get over that incident. You can relate to all of this. She also accused him in the papers of being controlling and lying repeatedly throughout the proceedings. I did arrange your mind to get away from us, but then did not include the type of activity she described Ryan said in the papers. We did go to one avant-garde nightclub in Paris, which was more than either one of us felt comfortable with. We left and found never to return. You told the court. You got to yati. How do I like that? Another one of those right wing. I don't want to say perverts because we're all perverts. Another one of those right wing perverts. Like I said, holier than thou. Anyway, here's more that ABC News poll. This is some pretty interesting stuff. It's on our website. It's much too long and ponderous. But the interesting part of this from the, for the first time in the ABC News Washington Post polls, more than half of Americans 52% say the Iraq war was not worth fighting. It should be 92% already by now. Five more soldiers dead in the last two days. I should point out. Fourth, we had the former rain yesterday, but there was one other one in your bag that five more were approaching the 900 mark and before it would be a thousand. Thousand lives just sacrificed for nothing. And we're like eight days away from that magical day of June. Not third man. When we do that handle, when we throw the keys to the king and up in the air say, hey, somebody grabbed the grass ring and we're getting out of here. Of course we're not getting out of there. That's the bad part. And if there's going to be a civil war, if there's going to be just massive wild bloodshed, who to hell knows, but one can only imagine it probably will. There's been a steady slide to believe that the war's enhanced long term US security 51% now say so down to 11 points just as you were long. Here's some of the questions. How the war with the Iraq impacts US reputation in this ABC Washington Post pool. The war with the wreck has damaged the US image in July of last year, 63% said it damaged the US image now 76%. Cause long term US damaged US relations with France and Germany last year 51% said that now 64%. Improved US security last year 62% said now only 51% of the very naive fools out there. Contributed to mid East peace 50% said that last July now 42%. And improved Iraq's live 72% said that last July 65% say that now I guess those are the Iraqis or still alive they're talking about. You right. Did there you go? It's on our website for those who actually can read those who care. That's why it's such a joke about the idea that our audiences out there buying a Clinton book 975 pages. You should live so long. Maybe how many people in the Saudi and Sitzikobaiya? Maybe maybe exaggerate right there. What's your take on Bill Clinton? That's our pull question that since he's like all over the news. We're sure seeing a lot more him than the John Kerry and that like I said before may not be a bad thing. 278 votes. What are we getting yesterday in the first two hours to 80? Some like that. Some like that. 278 already. No, I think it was too old weight. Well, that was pretty weak. He was much better than W. 131 votes. He's the greatest 86. So between those right there you got 78%. See that? Of this very astute audience. He was an embarrassment. Look at that number. About 30 man. 10.7% 30 people say he was an embarrassment. His ego is out of control. Another 13 jumping on in there. Say that. He has an if he penis 10. Who I guess have seen it up close. He's trying to upstage Kerry five and he was weak five out of 295 votes. We just a clip says that he's first two hours. We apologize for that really bad pull all your homophobes out there who can't stand the reality. All these queens and denogging off. Oh, I just like to watch you know well built guys slap each other on the ass play ball. You're gay. Yeah. Take showers together. Things like that. The factory of sports. That's going to be the theme of QAM. The factory of sports man of guys showering together. Slap each other on the ass. Let me say it again because nobody will ever answer that question. One other endeavor in a human history where guys, you know, hit a walk off home run for example. And some guy come as he's rounded to bases the first base coast. Slap some on a rectum pat them on the ass sports. Guy goes out to manager at a pitching coach goes out to remove the picture. And as he takes the ball from his hand, he gives him a pat on the ass. Even in the OJ trial, Johnny Cochran didn't pat F. Lee Bailey on the ass and believe me that was a big target. Bobby Shapiro didn't slap what's his name on the ass. They're very direct. Not that we saw anyway. He was given a black power salute to the jury. Can you imagine if he would have been convicted? And one of the jurors would have pulled out like a hooded cap or something? Yeah, like a KKK hood. Right. I mean, all my goodness. Talk about history in the hood. Get him and go in an each minute. But no, this guy gives the black power salute. Hey, you go OJ and then think of all those spaz holes that were cheering him on on the freeway. And then you have whiteboard Bronco. Well, I'm telling you this America. It's just, we got a lot of work to do, maybe. A lot of work. 10. 56 at 5. 60 WQAM or work is a word we don't like too much. Well, the either the summer here now is a great time to go to that miserable car. You've been driving to get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong, Toyota of homestead. You're fine. On US one just 20 minutes off of the 86. The worth that drive because they're going to save you so much cash. They'll save you thousands on great new fancy fancy Toyota's. And with rising gas prices, maybe you want to get a car with more fuel economy like the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just 1190 or lease it for just 209 a month. Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate. How about the Toyota Echo? Please price it just 199 or need to truck the V6 Toyota Tundra regular camp can be yours for just 239 a month. If you're looking for the hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XRS and solar convertible they're both in stock right now at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. Their service department is even over late to late week. Knights to make sure your service work is done. They're committed to teach you like family and make you a happy camper. In fact, Armstrong Toyota of homestead was the first team to offer your free tires and batteries for life and other the first to offer free replacement parts for life that is absolutely correct. Tires batteries and free parts for life nobody. Nobody knows where is do that. So while we've gotten a gas shut all around 10 of those big mega dealers who rip you off. See our good buddy David Rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota of homestead for an unbeatable deal. Grab a little and save a lot on that great new Toyota only at Armstrong Toyota of homestead. We're sports radio prices. You a m. Do drugs packin? A Cooer. Come on everybody get into spin. Now that it's been in for however long it's been. We're not going to bring fucking your second chin. Everybody do drugs. We're just come on and fight over to the middle over to the middle. We're doing up and step by step. We need you to let the little do the best for them. Now we know that through the guy. Come on and take a step and it position. Everybody do drugs. Everybody do drugs. Everybody do drugs. Come on everybody. Don't look from the name. When you start to think and the public is swayed. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. Now let the other guy and the other guy. Why are you feeling jepper, stony and bring another groin and everybody do drugs. I'm step up. We're just going to do drugs. It was harder than you planned too much with the stress and the second chin. Now dare with the pain. Everybody do drugs. Come on and take a step and it's time to go. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. We're just going to do drugs. Everybody do drugs. I have no wife. That's a lonely. I'm going to do drugs. I'm going to do drugs. I don't know either. I'm going to do drugs. I'm going to do drugs. I'm so glad that I felt like I would have been there. I'm not that much. I have people who would like to have those tickets. I wouldn't enjoy going to the games. That's just all of their relatives and illegal aliens. I'm not going to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. I don't want to be a part of an animal. And why do they? I want to like piss them off or anything. You might as nations mandated auditors of sharply criticized US occupation authority for the way it's spent more than $11 billion in a mackey or a revenue say they faced resistance from coalition officials. In an interim report obtained by financial times, the Brits, KPMG says the development fund for a rack which is managed by the US coalition provision authority and channels oil revenue into reconstruction projects is open to fraudulent acts. Oh my god. What a surprise. The artist's criticised the CPA's bookkeeping in war on the CPA does not have effective controls over the Ministry's spending of their individually allocated budgets. Whether the funds are direct from the CPA or via the Ministry of Finance, the findings come after the West complaints about the UN's administration or the World for Food Program under Saddam Hussein. In other words, they were rip it off billions, were rip it off billions and in the meantime, we're busy pointing things to the Federal while all your money and all the Iraqis money is getting flushed into somebody's pocket. How do you like that? What a surprise. Yeah, what a shock. They're raping other public again. We're too busy. Who are the little with volumes and walk off home runs? I still, I still can't get over that. I can't relate to it. I can't associate with it. What's even more disturbing is that punks like Josh and other young punks are walking around thinking like, Oh, well, that really is a baseball thing. I mean, are you some kind of a moron to understand the basic elements of baseball? He'd respond, but he had to go tell somebody that the audio vault just crashed. Oh, well, that's the way it goes. It's, uh, see, oh, maybe Fitschick could come in here and handle that. Instead of calling me up here trying to invite himself to bother me and take up a day of my life on my vacation, maybe he could come in and fix it. If you speak to him real nice, although I don't think he's got the capacity to do it. Look at this, Paul. Man, is it smoking or what? Remember yesterday? Right. Building that poor yesterday with this one and that one and at least in last two hours, not the first two, what? We were building a pole. We were building a pole. That's all, and it's all the South Floridaans can do, man. It's the old totem pole deal. By the way, both vaults are broken right now. Both vaults will, what's the other vault? The word of the control room. One of the other was both audio vaults are down, which means no spots. That's a bonus. Oh, yeah, I mean, thousands of your great calls today. No spots except the live spots, which I happen to have right here in my hand. So I'll just do some previews. So next is for all of our fine spots. I'm a pompot-o-park. I don't even know what's going on in pompot-o-park. I was twice straffed. I haven't heard from him in a coupons age if you've heard another expression. I haven't seen him either. Well, maybe he's suspended again. Let's start a rumour. Trice-strad forgot to spend it. That's what Geldia would put on here tomorrow. Geldia, you are such an asswip man. It's just, it's pathetic. It is so sad. Watching a no talent tour for the squeaky voice like you just just the suck in your way to the top. He's kind of like the Pete Bulger of a, a beastly broadcasting. Just kiss and ask, kiss and ask suck in his way along to the top. Just like with the Panther organization same thing. Meanwhile, nobody wants him on their show. That's why he's in there hoping that Joe gets canned. That Joe Rose never comes back. Howard, uh, guarantee a motor one of my new show. He's a little guarantee. He'd like to get dump him off there. Now that he knows that they, he hates him like poison. He's been bad, mother of all over town. And of course, Joe, we know Joe Rose the money. So on any part of Geldia on there, he thought he just slide right in there. You know when his mentor came on and Joe smart enough, he don't want that squeaker on there. So now your stuck with like fillings and maybe they have Panther games if there's a season which we do very seriously. Okay, Mr. And well deserved. WQAM hello. Yeah, I can't speak to the mad dog. Ha ha ha ha. Alright, alright. There you go. WQAM hello. I have a pulse addition for Neil. Yes. Uh, it's a food pole actually. Yeah. Um, what's that food or restaurant? How's your favorite French fry? Uh, was that the same guy to call about the dolphin muscles? I think that sounded like the same loser. The mom man. Yeah. Yeah, I would know. He said which dolphin has the biggest muscle. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, I've got a whole bunch of stuff here, but I'm, I was since we have no spots any time in the media future. I mean, I just won't get a minion calls in here. But here's your chance. Let's hear about that Clinton book. Let's hear about Bubba. What do your memories? What are your thoughts? What's your take? WQAM hello. Good George Hunters. See, I can't, they can't even handle it. They can't even handle it. They can't even handle it. Get lost. When you okay. Go whisper in somebody else's rear. You moron. And then if you're on, put your law on your abore. And you're just, you know, just get lost. Get a life. Get the, I have no life. Get a suicide would be good. Sounds like an order would put it on the ear. Facts will have a screen. Come in. But I'm a shitty that Ojie was after her with chop your head off right in the middle of the show. Shmuck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. Would you like to beat him with a two-by-four until, oh, like, who a bloody pop. And then we can just hold his head up in here. Like, what are those, you know? I have Herbert Heds. I have a, a beating device. Is that a fact? Who really? It's an ask. I'd like to hit him in the ass several times. A black foot. WQAM hello. Well, gracious. Good morning. I'm on my way to five. Really? Well, here's the first one. How do you like that? Well, if you have coherent people in your audience, you know. But coherent people don't call talk shows. Let's face it. Okay. You're the first one in years. You're right. But I call yours, sir. Do you? Because I appreciate your personality and that's what. Man. Oh, man. I'm about to feed out of the chair. I'll write you the section. So have you. Okay. And where are you going to buy the book? I'm going to have a book. When he comes down next month, I want to go have a book. I'll find my book. Well, that's where he's going to be. Yeah. I'm going to have an incorngable. All right. Got paid full vote. 35 bucks by their say by the source. And well, worth it twice the price. Okay. And you might be looking at the call and then read the during the summertime. Why are you passing here on the air? I hear bushes working on his food. But he keeps running out of crayons. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah. Say how to our friends down there on the Ergon Avenue. Here we're gone. Bob room. In cruel gables. I'd like that. There's the first one. Bob, a book. Everybody at town is doing it. Now what are we going to do? We got to just forget about these breaks. We're planning what he's going to go find out what what what what he's going to get somewhat what you should obviously definitely do the live spots wherever we're a program. No live spot. This is my luck. This hour. Yeah. This is only one live spot. Now all the other hours all the evils are sold. Of course this hour. We got whatever we got. Why don't we figure on making up a lot of spots later on. So you know, you can't read a lot of spot. So just do a whole bunch of lives spots. How about if I just do a back to back now? At least do one. Let's see. I got one five. I got nine more. I could do them all now by 11 30. I could be going to do one like the old Alan Berchtield. By the way, he's a pretty good guy. Alan Berkreston piece. I really shot. Shrachty. I mean, there's a classic example. Somebody who came off on a year is being abrasive and abusive and arrogant. Egotistical Nadine. It's Mr. Berchtield. And he was a good guy. I met him once. He was a great guy. He was very nice. I told after I had that stroke that time he called me at home to see how I was. I was shot. I almost had another stroke. I was so shocked. Maybe that was his plan. But he was pretty good guy. Alan Berk. He's dead. The good people and he was never fat either. He was always a skinny guy. But he's dead. What did he die from? H. No, he wasn't that old. I don't know. What did Alan Berk die from? Do you have the big sea or something? He had something. What a shame. What a shame. I shouldn't have survived that. He feels good enough. You know what it is animals. Are those? I immunity from CBC. These causes were weak on Phras damage. Okay, let's get through some things. My wife moved toomic. The is smiling at us. White ble lellinoma. something like that. Jim Harper used to be the production director of the course my good friend Bill Calder. I think I and Z I think they're all dead. Whatever happened to what what's his name? Frank Motik. Alice Randall had the hotst for Frank Motik boy. No what do we have to get out of town? He went off to do news somewhere and we never heard from him again. And then of course the engineering staff that was your close personal friend Tim Tim Vien. And if you wasn't for Tim Vien I don't think we ever would had the DCS. What's need the one who like discovered it for us or was that Mitch Ween? I don't recall Mitch Ween. I think ultimately get the credit for that. Well if we didn't have the DCS we'd be we couldn't play. It's day to play every child. All these thousands of nifty things we got. We could play some of the short stuff like like that. But now all these great to allow. I mean we could but we have to do the old fashion way on carts and remember what they said at Paxon we don't do carts. You know even the passion people were better than the cost broadcasting people. Let tells you how bad Bob Neal and that whole bunch of grave robbers were. You know I was thinking about that the other day. Paxon people Lee we actually made money on us. They actually sold spots. We were sold out. They knew what the hell a station was all about. Who had the best equipment in history. I mean whatever you want even if you didn't want it they got it for you. It was beyond belief. And yes we had run and run. Well nothing's perfect. Run and like. Right. But that's right who didn't show up then we had Ron and Sunny Fox. We had Bennington and Sunny Fox and then we had the guy in there that was making fun of his kid being a retired or whatever. What is it? Billy Hayes. Oh brother did I ever see him? I don't know. I sure hope not. Man you people at the thought Ron and Ron had to show you really beat the long and temple terrace right away. Private craft source into space in history this guy yesterday given the big thumbs up Mike Melville. No relation to Herman. The man who became the first person to pilot a privately built craft in the space called his flight almost a religious experience after a safe landing yesterday morning. Test pilot Mike Melville landed at Maha'abi airport about 80 miles north of LA. Eighth 15 westward Pacific whatever they call that Pacific time after taking the rocket plane spaceship one would have to do to more than 62 and a half miles the internet recognized boundary of space he was right on the edge. A city at a hell of a view from 62 miles the colors were pretty staggering from up there. It was out of this world. Aren't you excited about that? Pretty silly. Each ever owns a spacecraft. I have excited about that. Yeah. And one on now. And we can get all the old cochars to and talk to go flying up there a little bit. You think they're good on a highway way to just see them up there. It's going to be a real picnic. 567560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Line here from all the people are going up to buy the Clinton book or not. I think we just heard from Malh ready. WDQAM Hello. Yes. Tell me a lie. Think Alan Burke was a satellite and shot in his oil. That was Alan Burke in Denver. Not Alan Burke. That was Alan Burke. That was Alan Burke. We're talking about Alan Burke in Miami. See this is a local show even on the long ways away. Thank God. It's a Miami show. Alan Burke, B. R. K. E. Grimeswood jerk. Okay. Ramswood old idiotic jerk as the bridge tender would say. That's not Burke to you. Yeah. Tell me. Do you believe that? Yeah. That was great. Seriously. What am I deluding myself? Why am I just here? I'm a little bit like that for four hours every day. I'm trying to get a buddy share play play somebody's drop in. Like I'm going to make some kind of an impact. Why? Why can I ever get it through my my thick old daughter in skull that I'm dealing with 99% of these goofballs man. The land of the walking dead. That's how Florida does. These are the people who put the duh in Florida as our bald head. Little friend would say. 567. 560. I'm going to do the last spot. And then we'll just go for it. We might have spots. We might or we might not. Do we? Josh. Is it up to the work? Yeah. And then we're going to break and if I hear just silence and that's your tough luck. Hey, nobody's speaking of how people died once to talk about cancer or heart disease, not at least for ourselves. And it you owe it to yourselves and your families to be sure that you're in good health. It's a proven fact that disease responds extremely well. The treatment if you detected early, which is why I went out of a diagnostic center several weeks ago. I had the coronary heart scoring the full body screening exams. It's like a virtual trip inside your body. All around your heart. All through your lungs and down through your pupa can through the entire. It's an amazing thing. And these tests can really detect cancer other life-written diseases in their early stages. They also have their virtual colonoscopy, which is so much less intrusive than your ordinary colonoscopy. But the bottom line to all of this is that if anything bad is going on in your body, you can detect it early enough to still be able to do something about it. Could be a life-saving deal. For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4. 9.6.6.3600. For the test that can give you and your family real peace of mind when you walk out of there with a clean girl to help. You feel really like you might live another week. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they are few state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI, high speed, CAT scan, nuclear medicine and so much more. Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving South Florida for over 20 years. And their facility, which is super by the way, also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you. For example, if you break a leg or if George's mom breaks her neck, call Hollywood wife, call Hollywood Diagnostic Center for your imaging exam today. Like I said, could be a life-saving call 9.5.4. 9.6.3600. It takes just a few minutes to do these tests and to could be one of the most important things you could ever do for yourself. 9.5.4. 9.6.6.3600. 9.6.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9. 9. 9. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9.6. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. studio for clock 630 Marlins on deck to brave's at the Marlins 705 don't forget you need some of free tickets for that game tonight if you stop by and see the lovely Miguel who's not getting any more of those all the way forget about it they're all gone yeah well that's you didn't take long did it oh it didn't wow now we're nearly when you go out on those appearances as you well know you sit there and stare at the ceiling eat those sandwiches from a work of that places and that's about it now i don't mind plugging the Atlantis city seven of the hours going but they really are some of the biggest free loaders that ever seen in my life and i know who's fault that was that was defo yeah i mean you talk about a scamme mister wasn't just that thing with the indians defo was one the biggest slime balls that i'm not that out like him all he don't like me very much he stabbed me several times but uh he was very shady you know mislipper is shady slucky kind of a radio guy and as a result he had more different deals going with different people and of course that whole thing where we like uh the weekend a qam is just a horror thing if there's anybody out there who's against prostitution you better start investigating the weekends a qam because we just basically four all the time a mad dog has got all those hours that he owns or i don't know how that deal works you know and others that thing was the gackies on there oh i actually turned out a station yesterday just at the wrong time was about ten to seven last night i'm in here sending some bedtime stirs to eric and the judge and uh low and behold the humpor is a show is just about to end and then somebody says to my guest there were no calls you want to talk to a joe oh i'd love to talk to joe mini josegaki josegaki sucks okay wow i mean you josegaki makes davan boring sound like hairy carry i know that's saying a lot you know what i mean by that i don't that's how co-autious but yeah i'd laugh at it oh yeah i know it's true because that that's how animated the davan boring is compared to zagaki and davan boring is like a dead man he's like john carry on the doggy downers here's the fact that says where was our home i'm security when a commercial airliner suddenly beers off course and lands at an air force base that was over the weekend you see that's the random website nope no that was the north what was a commercial flight a northwest flight an a pilot might have an air force base which was about uh eight miles from where the right airport was and south the code or somewhere up there some of my nianims veld it says it could have been any type of terrorism from an a abamaan board who knows all i know is our protection to blows is what it says here thank you Michael Michael in bokeh who of course is no relation to our good post personal friend who now move way up on the erectus scared who i'm talking about power from bokeh yeah he's moving on up i know that's almost impossible but bellies making mo look pretty good back in person and i will say that's mo at least he's got a great radio voice right right nope no argument he's a real broadcaster i'm not necessarily saying a talk show host please a real broadcaster play by play guy he's been around a block several times can't everywhere but nonetheless he's a real broadcaster as we bring something to the table as opposed to guilty from this class of sharp life in a squeaky voice of the table is all he brings supreme court loud i don't know what it sorry i can't miss mickin this right my kill is going to take it's all gone so like i said we got the again tonight seven oh five braves at the martin martin martin better start when the gamer to they slipped out of first place there are percentage point behind it's closer neck and neck nose to nose i understand that somebody might want a million dollars at the game tonight i just made that up but i figure if somebody figures there's something really good or free what the well let's just make some stuff up you know it's like if you listen to the show every day the next uh two and a few years you might win a million dollars i mean i'm sure you won't because we're not given it away but you might know maybe a win the lottery oh and speaking of winning the lottery i'm trying to think of who the people were from up here no less who won the florida lottery really on there yes people from here people from either woodbind or one of the tracks here i would just read about in the Toronto sun yesterday which don't be that paper just a sports section to right wing rag these supreme court yesterday allowed a lawsuit to proceed that allow accuses the arts dyesy's immilocchi of transferring a child molester from with sconson to work as a Roman Catholic priest in california well i should be far enough away from it the judges decline without comment to block a lawsuit involving allegations at the priest's sick freed weird wood dira weirdo molester the eight-year-old california boy after his move wood dira committed suicide in 2003 a rye a year after eric pain or suit him in the Milwaukee arts dyesy's over the last 1985 sexual assault before his death would you have fled the country to avoid trial and dozens of counts of sexual of child molestation in Wisconsin and the california it been convicted of perversion with a boy was constant in the seventies before they shifted his ass after the california i said shifted math you flint the attorney for the Milwaukee arts dyesy said the california court should not handle cases involving out-of-state religious institutions and i want to say the right now most priest bull and nuns blogging institutions i'm not talking about religious institutions i'm talking about a rattle institution and you know who really belongs in mental institutions our parents who turn their children over to these people for fun and amusement and pleasure they belong in jail you got these frustrated bull-like nuns who spend almost their entire careers uh abusing and uh beating up the the girls and smashing them in the doing them whatever and then you call the course all these pedophile priests or busy trying to alter boys and that's a religion that's some kind of a thing to turn your children over to the brain wash the most evil the most vile the most vulgar taxidim institution on the face of the globe and you're turning your little kids over to that shame on you i think a lot of these parents ought to be in jail myself i think if the priest already committed suicide or is dead like i think some of the parents will allow this crap to go on they ought to be in jail for rental mallaw practice don't you think absolutely absolutely there you go that's two out of two what is jar shank absolutely absolutely you're going three for three which is not as good as the walk off home run but it's still betting a thousand these are the one uh you know raised cat like so so he can house in well that's that the spik thing spik they yeah you told me that uh his name was like it's yeah he's the all mixed up yeah he's got all of this i heard he's got a little something in him that's what i've heard that's what the clearance told me they were so little and that's not what does it what's your take on bill Clinton that's our poll court that we don't want to run refer to the poll result too often because then those people who got you all whipped up into a thing about the poll you know no matter what you do i don't have to tell you this no matter what it's all the way you know it's just like the so-called sports fans is uh you know i mean a marlin's good with every game from now to be into the season we didn't get any more freebies we didn't get any bubble head dolls we're always crying always crying just like the thing with the heat nobody expected the heat to go anywhere they were off to a horrendous start pat Riley went into hiding somewhere and all of a sudden they wind up into playoff and gave uh who the hell was it Indiana good run for their money wasn't Indiana yeah i don't even pay any attention that crap i don't care about you football but uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh it turned into the station you think they would have lost uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh gotten blown out if he gave him a playoff so wouldn't have made it in the first place there's no way to please the people in southland they'd live to be miserable am i right? that's why mo was there to make sure that all of us are he's doing a good job by the way nice job mo i hope that i hope he makes the girl these life so as bad as he's made it before i hope he just makes it miserable i hope he just terrorizes that smuck now i really mean that see now he can focus all of his attention on one person now he's been with George and me and uh the beast and Joe Rose and Hank now he can focus right in on the real sugar in the wood pot that's the one right there squeaky what's your take on bill Clinton that's our poll question today four hundred e one votes but we sure got more response today on this than we did in the first two hours yesterday haven't we? that's because that was perceived as a fag question yet and by the way speaking of the fag stuff i've got four words i wrote it down people are worried about who other people are sleeping with as long as they're adults as long as it's consensual i have four words for you what's it to you? right at on your just like in my mental which was on again the other day and i couldn't turn it off just like my mental right at the house teddy doing right at on your wrist right at on your cheek back go get it what's it to you now how is it gonna change your life anything about anything is it no it's a what's it to you the gets nature yeah right well don't forget got invented the cane and maple what's your take on bill Clinton he was much better than w to 125 45 plus percent he's the greatest hundred and sixty we like him a lot we love you bobba but just go away already uh that's another 32 so that's 77.2 percent he was an embarrassment 59.8 percent why guess our prudes who think that none of the presence have been screwing around wait till they hear about that the w abortion in Texas on story uh his ego is out of control 25 he has an if the penis 13 he's trying to upstage carry eight and he was weak eight like how Martin was voice two more votes for 500 boy this is like more you know come and say like you feel like it's almost worth turning the transmitter on all the way to my life and look what's real hey hey that's a good one look and I Why? You? Yeah, what up? The boy, why, hey, you? What do I do? I'm gonna play not me. I want a time. Your factory. No, no, no, no, no. In a corner. In a corner. And points like that. Why you, why you're a speck you? Then you? I know my smell and traction. Thank you. But unlike that you. You've still got a job. I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And we need to learn. That's why you're a speck you. But why you're a speck you? I'm gonna play not me. You're a speck you. You're a speck you. I'm gonna play not me. In a corner. If we do the job. All right, that's enough. 14 to 0. No, at 5.60 WQM. All those Marlon brave tickets are gone. Why didn't take long at all? How many did we have? About 30 minutes. We're not there many. Fred Crowley, he was given mine a way too. A.M. again, a nice job, but not next season man. He just raped those books of tickets. He raped it. Here's a fact that says somebody's a little bit agitated and justifiably. So I was just online for the wonderful QM auction. Sucker, I wanted to sign up just to see what kind of Schmidt they have for Sarah and F. It says that you have to give these. Uh, uh, holes are credited. A lot of words in here. A credit card number which has to first be approved. What an, uh, F.ing scam. It's a screw Q.A.M. Why are all the hosts including a mole plugging this Schmidt? Because they're a bunch of horrors. Because they have no credibility. Also, you know, why is guilty on with bow and moan with the, uh, the big. Oh, no, man, let's, uh, long story. Because Joe, let's see, a Joe instead of bow and the mole. How is that go? And the big. I don't, it's all screwed up. It's because Greg Reed is a, is a goofball. He's an imbicill man. He's got things going every time things look like they're really going great. Even the mole man must have a decent number in his last train in the morning. All of the day parts are doing just fine. But no, he just can't get his act together. I'm tired of what, you know, an emotional cripples what we got running the radio station. I'm pregnant, uh, holding stuff back. Get with it. Get Joe rose signed up. He's doing just fine. Get guilty off his back. There's a Chinaman's chance. He's going to let him get on that show. That's the only way he's going to be on. Here's if Joe is walked out for a week. What you did. Get it done. Get it done. Get it done. Greg, get it done. Get something done for once in your life. And then go off and, you know, have a great life. Leave us alone. Speak in a liars. Like Greg. Secretary of State Colin Powell is announcing a sharp increase last year in victims of terrorism worldwide, correcting findings that were used in other lie to most of President Bush's famous success in countering the score of violence. A revised state department report is being released today showing a dramatic increase in both a number of deaths and other casualties, as well as a electromagnetic ghost in, uh, incidents, a senior department official said. The initial report was issued in April on June 10th. The State Department acknowledged the findings were inaccurate as in. Paul attributed the arrest partly to a new data system and said there was no attempt to manipulate the figures to buckress Bush's argument. Right. When the report was issued, senior administration officials planned that it showed Bush's counterterrorism campaign was a great success. But guess what? Not so fast. People are dying like flies. I'm dying of it. Just open up the window. You're here the sound of. I'm dying of it. Somebody screaming like that. I'm going to force out the rein guy. I'd like, oh, please don't come. And how come we don't know what happened with him? We will. When a chopped off Paul Johnson said we knew about it immediately. We had all the pictures. Anybody's website. And I, let me just tell you this right up front. We'll put a lot of wild stuff on our website. We are putting no, uh, shrunken heads on our website. No. No. Unless it's somebody that we really don't like. Like a screw and winic. We put that on here. O.J. We put his head on here at a heartbeat. Oh, man. Wouldn't that be great? Well, not in the gel finished at appearance. We were late. He could probably go and get a machete. We'll cheap it. The army is a surplus store and they'll go find O.J. Down candle. Probably on the golf course. I got on the link. I'm ready. Yeah. That's that's why the even the animal rights activist. Hado J. Spence to much time on the links. Greg Polas is one of my very favorites, right? We actually got all the spots in. We're like up today. Now are we. Yeah. We are. Well, I'm telling you. We are so good on this show. It's just amazing. It's in the slight of hand. The trickery that we can pretend to be doing like a real radio show here. And all we care about is the spots. Yeah. Why we hope you're having a good time. You know, prices right. But we just want to get those spots in. Or get that paycheck. Get the big bucks like Josh and Georgia getting. Don't forget, Clarence. Fridays pay day. No excuses this time. We nice just once this summer to get a paycheck on time. Not that I'm complaining the amounts look pretty good. But let's get one in there on time would be excellent. If I slap that bitch, whatever her name is, it's an amazing how many different people we've had working in accounting since we've been on this station. Not third man. Including poor myrion. And I don't apologize for what I said that time that I got all that slack about from those goofball professional little spikstered power 96. I was saying something nice about her, which he was a sweetheart. I said probably what hastened her demise with the fact that he had a life for Greg all those years and fend off all the creditors. Now what was wrong with that? Nothing. That's just not the story. They got. Oh, I see. They got a twisted story because he didn't actually hear it themselves. So I got all been under shape in your close friend Joe Costello was saying, Oh, I think there's going to be a brawl in here. Yeah, you know, Joe you're a good guy. Be a soul for emotional, which is probably why you're not on the ear. Plus the fact you're a perfect. So what's the deal with that? When is Joe Rose coming? I mean, Joe Costello coming back. In fact, listen, we can ahead instead of go the on here. We can add, uh, bow and Joe Costello. We can add right. More and a big. Oh, no, we could add bow and Joe. Oh, oh. What do you say? Okay. No. Great. I would all say this for next hour. Let's take somebody's really good calls. They've been excellent. No question about it. A lot of people on a way to buy the Clinton and wars. 975 pages of us stuff. Yeah. I, you know, again, people are the victims of hype. I went out and bought the Hillary book. And I read a few of these pages on the ear, which I apologize for. And it's been, it's been sitting here in the same spot. The only thing I do with this book is I put like different things in there that I defined, you know, like print stuff out on the internet. And things I need to save. I put them in that book because I don't ever go to open the book again. So what do I need another thousand page book sitting over there to my right? I don't have room for it number one. And number two, I should have spent about 50 bucks Canadian to go out there and buy it. Because it'll match the Hillary book or they'd have saved. Well, I could put that 50 bucks in the machine at the woodbine at the slots out there and have a much better time with it. And a better chance of doing something productive. Or maybe just play this 649 lotto 10 million dollar jackpot tomorrow, baby. Oh, right. If I do win the lotto here, one good thing about it. Even though it's Canadian funds, which is only 73 cents on a dollar American. But the good part of it is they don't take any taxes in a give it to you in one while lump in a wide and a big wide. Big wide a cash. So if you win 10 million, here's a check for 10 million Canadian A. I'll take it. And then George will be on for the rest of the summer and the fall and the winner. And next spring next year, Lewis. See, I don't understand how I mean, first they got to get the Joe roasting taken here. If you would think now it would only 2 and a half years left on this deal, that they'd be hastening to put some thing together where you'd be on most of the, the Neil Roger show with George Rodriguez. See what I'm saying? Yeah. And I'd be all like maybe, oh, I don't know, 10 times a year, something like that. You do the show every day and then they can use my name and pretend it's the Neil Roger show. And everything would be just fine. I'll just change by the way. Oh, we're fine. No, seriously, that would be great. If they had any brains at all, I'd make a couple of cameo appearances here in there. Don't thought it would be working on that right now to save his, sorry ass. Because he knows that the minute I'm out the door, it's bye bye bye sweetheart. WQAM Hello, not there QAM Hello. Not there 2 and a row. Let's go for 3 for a 3 for a 1000, baby. Let's do a walk off call here. WQAM Hello. Hi, call me. Yes sir. Where's that? Charlotte. Charlotte, North Carolina. Yes sir. Well, I'll be down. How you doing? All right. Just want to talk to Neil. You're speaking to him. I'm speaking to Neil. It sounds like me, yeah. Oh, it is, but I must be on my internet, Neil. Don't be sorry. People that are sitting right there were right in the middle of my Emie, right in the mainland. And I had an idea what's going on. Well, I left my Emie about a year ago. Let the different rear view mirror. Congratulations. And have a look back, sir. That's going to be the best day you're like, you know, soft lord of man. Oh, it was great. It's great up here. Different, different. I took somebody asking, what, and like, you don't hear or what in life, Florida. And I said, well, you know, little things like the politics and stuff like that. You remember that LA, okay? And you said, who? I'm kidding. Exactly. Exactly. Anyway, people and most of the rest of mankind are like civilized, they're polite, and they're like reasonable and friendly. As opposed to South Florida where they hate you like poison, and they only can know you yet. They must know you. And they're really good, man. But I want to ask them and calling on the other townline. And nobody's picking it up. Well, we do screenless now because we don't want to have Joshua have a nervous breakdown. It is young age and have to screen a call. So I just pick him up as, you know, and then he's going to be calling. So I just pick him up as, you know, here and there. That line nine is usually only two more runs they're calling their anyway, with all due apologies. So okay. But at least you didn't have to be on hold and spend a lot of money. That's true. Yeah. Thank you very much. Take my call. And thanks for making it and have a great life bound. Alrighty. I see. Here's a guy that got out. He sounds happy. He sounds static. And he's in general with good radio. Good WCT Charlotte. I don't know what they do now because I didn't soft photo. You can't hear anything. Right. But when you're up north like I've been to this many times before back in the day when Radio was great WBT Charlotte speaking of sportsmen. He used to have all the basketball games in North Carolina and NC State. And it was just a great radio station 50,000 watts 11 something or other on the dial. I really don't know. Quite frankly don't care. But it was see back also in the day when I was a kid growing up and was fascinated with radio and with sports with all these things. I used to be able to go right out from the end of the dial and all the way to the right on the AM dial before FM even was heard up and tell you every major 50,000 October channel station you're like 760 was WJR and Detroit. 740 used to be WCBL and Toronto. As a matter of fact they hockey night in Canada. Aren't you impressed? 750 WSB and Atlanta 760 of WJR Detroit. 770 WVC New York 780 was WMBM Chicago. I don't know what 790 was. 790 of course was WNWS but nobody could hear it. 8100 was CKL W and once you Detroit and down a went. Aren't you excited? Wow that's something. 1180 was WHM and Rochester. 1190 was WOWO and 490 and I'm sure as a kid George you listen to those hockey games the 4-way in comments on WO and 4-way. That was a good rock and roll station huh? WOWO. Then it was 1020 was KDK and 1030 was WVZ. 1040 was WHM. Oh! 1080. 1080. 1080. KMWC St Louis was 1130. 1080. 880. Those were the days. Boy you talk about living in the past when your radio was worth. It was like something you would grab onto. You stand a little transistor radio and you would hang out of that thing. Like it was made out of gold. It was like a party or body. You never want to let that baby go. Now your radio just flush it down the toilet. 980. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. Look at it. It's the 12-1 hour. Yeah, at least for today. On the next American Idol, a turny general John Ashcroft. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1280. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1180. 1080. 1080. 1180. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 1080. 2080. 1080. 1080. [? 1080? 1080. Yeah, we're something like that. I don't want him back is just that you went a little heavy duty. That's all and next time Maybe I'll Perus do their first Not all the mighty through what he even is he's got that hot Spanish temper You know he comes across as being very low key, but if you look at him cross side man That's what Duff told me said once he patted him on the ass, he just turned Here's the fact this is they called it last licks until everyone thought Mike Piochia was a queer Then it changed you to walk off Last licks I see following this yeah, as a matter of fact I saw walk off field is choice last night Yeah, how about if the game ends on an air is that a walk off air? No, no, why not? If the bases are loaded too out guy hits a ground ball to shorten the short stop bubbles in the wing run scores is not a walk off air I don't think so well by not and what about if the bases are loaded too out in the bottom of the tent and the guy walks into winning one is that a walk off walk? No, why not I I don't care what you say because you're just brainwalk man It's the miracle the catalyze didn't get to you, but at least the espn has now somebody got to you Thank God it wasn't tough Great Polanst writes the and I still say the guy that facts in yesterday with that go Homer I think that's a great cliche that will when would stick it make sense Have go Homer I can just hear Dave and boy singer. It's up up in a way. I'll go Homer No holder. Yeah time to go home Homer Failing great Polanst says the sour smell of spoiled ballots. You know Greg was one of our favorite comments Actually I've a link to his website as a matter of fact great plastic calm He says in the 2000 presidential election 1.9 million Americans cast ballots that nobody counted Spoiled votes is the technical term a pile of ballots left to rot has a distinctly dark hue About one million of them half of the rejected ballots were cast by African Americans although black voters make up only 12% of the electorate This year it could get worse On you dark folks out there you better vote 4.5 6 times just to make sure you make a count in once maybe These ugly racers the tissues are hidden away in the mathematical thickets of the appendices to official reports coming out of the investigation of ballot box monkey business in Florida From the last go round How do you spoil two million ballots not by leaving them out of the fridge too long a stream mark a jamb machine a punch card punch twice will do it It's easy to lose your vote especially when some politicians want your vote to be lost While investigating the 2000 ballot count Florida for BBC television a saw firsthand how the spoilage game was played with black voters the predetermined losers Florida's gazzed in county has the highest percentage of black voters in the state and the highest spoilage rate One and eight votes cast there in 2000 was never counted many voters wrote in Al Gore optical reading machines rejected these because Alice a stray mark By contrast the neighboring Tallahassee the capital votes bullets was nearly zip every vote counted the difference And Tallahassee's white majority county voters placed their ballots directly on the optical scanners if they added a stray mark They received another ballot with instructions to correct it In other words in the white county make a mistake in another ballot and the black county make a mistake in your ballot is tossed The US civil rights commission looked into the smelly pile of spoiled ballots and concluded that of the 179,855 ballots invalidated by Florida officials 53% were cast by black voters in Florida a black citizen when 10 times as likely to have a vote rejected as a white voter But let's not get smuggled about Florida's Jim Crow spoilage rate civil rights commissioner Christopher edley recently appointed Dean of bold Haal School of Law UC Berkeley took the Florida study nationwide His team discovered the uncomfortable fact that Florida is typical of the nation Philip clinker These petition working on the L edley investigation concluded appears that about half of the all ballots World in the USA about a million votes were cast by non-white voters. How do you like that? Oh my god The no count as the civil rights commission calls it is no accident In Florida for example, I discovered that technicians at Warren Governor Jim Bush's office well in advance in November 2000 of the racial bend in the whole count procedures Herein lies the problem and a part-time vote counting system is far from politically neutral given that more than 90% of the black elected votes democratic and all the spoiled votes been tallyed girl would have taken Florida in a walk It would have been a walk off walk Not to mention fatening is popular vote total nationwide. It's not surprising that the first brothers team informed of Independent rejection of black ballots looked away and whistled The ballot box black out is not the monopoly of one party cook County Illinois is one of the nation's worst Sporled rates. That's not surprising Boston is democratic machine now his son survives by systematic disenfranchisment of Chicago's black vote How can we fix it? First let's share the convenience excuses for votes for a Such as a lack of voter education one television ever stated is fact that black Florida's black voters Nulli registered in lacking education had difficulty with their ballots in other words blacks are too dumb to vote This convenient racist excuses that wrong after that disaster in gans and Florida public Outcry forced the government to change that black county's procedures to match that of white counties The result near zero spoilage in the 2002 election ballot design machines and procedures say status tissue and clinker control spoilage In other words the vote counters not the voters are to blame Politicians who choose the type of ballot and the method of counting of long fine to the spoilage rate that they're liking It's about to get worse The ill named health America vote act time by president motion 2002 is pushing computerization of the ballot box California decertified some of diboll corpse digital ballot boxes and Response the fears that hackers could pick our next president But the known danger black box voting is that computers even with their software secure Our vulnerable to low-text poirlage games polls opening late locked in votes votes lost in the ether And once again the history of computer voting glitches has decidedly racial bias Florida's Broward County Grandly shifted to touchscreen voting in 2002 in white precincts all seem to go well and Black precincts hundreds of African American showed up at polls with machines down and votes that simply disappeared Going digital won't fish the problem Canada and Sweden vote on paper ballots with little spoilage in without suspicious counts in America A simple fixed based on paperbalding is resisted because unfortunately Too many politicians to understand the racial bias in the votes forage game are it's beneficiaries Would little instead of to find those missing one million black voters ballots? I'm gonna tell you if that doesn't frost your ass if that doesn't piss you off nothing will unless maybe lunch could spoil Is that incredible or what? That's very credible And you're talking about the land of the free in a home of the brave and all the southern bull crap all of this propaganda I'll prop again to all the time man and you wonder why the rest of the world looks at us with a John this eye Tell you right now as you travel around they look at America with a John this Right and with good reason the best elections that Crooks can steal that's why Jim called his brother there W three o'clock in the morning said don't worry you won And people are wondering how come they're reporting on television at the bush one no Gore one though, nobody knows don't pay the price is in that there wasn't no worry you won though message was the fixes in bro Saw yours press What a pathetic sorry sad acid excuse for voting that is but nevertheless And then of course these two preams even down a Ross. He was too drunk to know that everything Is it oh yeah, let's stop the count. Okay. I'm gonna play that today. All right. Is there anything vulgar in here? If there is will look it to I can't imagine okay he might he might say pull a couple of times. That's all right What's your take on Bill Clinton now that that book is out? It's in the store's rotten vide. Okay, bill needs a money badly He was much better than double to 172 people said that 46.2% that's out of 58 He's the greatest 187 we love bubble we like to kiss him right on well not really 187 32% he was an embarrassment 66 Mario LeMue is not too happy about that 66 11.2% his ego is out of control look at that about He has an ifty penis 16 I'll take your word for it He's trying to upstage carry nine and he was weak only eight out of almost 600 votes. There's West Clark Great man remember they were on television how angry people Next time is right there. No Dick's any hand on normally when people get cancer They do get roughed up a bit because there's a lot of tension people are afraid on both sides But we've never condoned that treatment. I know it's happened. It's been wrong and it's wrong today Here you go Wesley Clark your next vice president the United States of America You think He'll do He'll do just fine 12 minutes pass no buses got nice head of hair even I said and wolf looks great was getting that the Receding her line which is good anything bad that happens to wolf looks great guy. I applaud that hardly okay What another bunch of here another comes this fell out I think I'm putting this one instead Okay, but there might be something some ros One the election Count the vote count the vote ready count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote Dating count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote Emissive this presidential rest be here Live up in wonder who was going to win Some poverty people went to do their voting chore So pound up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep elbows to Patrick you can Boy My Count the vote baby count the vote count the vote over count the vote count the vote baby Count the vote count the vote count the vote count the vote The final tabulation started coming in I'll go grab then I saw a new splash on channel 10 Some may repeat for all together in a bunch They said they were confused and didn't know which all the punch Those old folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep elbows to Patrick you can Don't do do do do do do So I'd like to know who won the election Said I'd like to know who won the election Oh, I'd like to know who got won the election Yes, I'd like to know One the election Count the vote count the vote baby Oh no You Push You don't want me to say he's got a party mouth like that little book of rhyme You know we don't have to bleep out anything in his boots in that gray. Yeah, still he said that that bit that you wanted to play was clean What's that Though when you were gonna play before that you were or stop the count. Yeah, well I hate to break the news as much as I love Booker Brian, but I like that one better Number Some I hear the double finger you are Where it's coming, it's a double time Don't go there, I'm on top here for a few hours Day one, George, you be proud Don't count a whole world, where the secret time you lay This is so cold, till we'll go around someday I'm going out to hear you The kind of power it does Is for you, is for you It's hard to stop The kind of power it does Make sure that George you are The most blatantly corrupt and the fixed presidential election since 1960 When a whole bunch of people in Chicago Butchered dead people voted in Illinois Thanks to Dick Daley And Kennedy, when the election based on Guess what's stayed Florida? Illinois So there we go, the vote in Florida was totally bogus And votes all across the country is great Police pointed out, millions probably more votes at the Gork of the head, or at least hundreds of thousands of very Corporal margin, one hands down your pants And the meantime, right in broad daylight, they stole it All those subwoofals they sent down from all over the place From outside of the state, all these interlopers Pouting on those doors Let us in Let us in, of course, if Alex Penelis, Alice Pena, a penis, a pecania, but any balls They don't make sure he was there Would like to arm state troopers And arm in the national guard, whoever needed to be there To keep the interlopers out of there So we can have a fur election And didn't he do a fine job for Al Gore? Right You're done, Alex, you're toast man Maybe you can be out of Paul and Old Ronshow Because now you're toast You're pathetic You're out of the closet you've been exposed As the phony ballooned that you are The turn code, the Pandor, the Flander Idiot And by the way, how's all his friends at the airport doing? 560, this is already Tuesday Now you do understand that we're only three days away From the big day you understand that You can make people do anything if they're afraid It's taking action Flow at least all of the airports in the United States All commercial airlines are having The airport is surrounded But we have some airplanes authorized at the highest levels of our government To pick up the summerman, loud and family members Can transport the largest country Little of the war, corporations Exciting to hold the time If they get out of too much money Because they made it What's that portal, Clark's flowing? It's going to be a lot of money Whatever it costs, they have no more danger It's going to be a good for business, bad for the people Trying to get a number of the time risker I could take a look at the army and go over to Iraq The USA T3DAT allows the researches of medical and financial records It gets long for small and so many to power The way to the middle of the night is Prince the middle of the night, how can Congress have the T3DAT Without even reading it So, that's how it makes sense We don't read most of the bills No one read it Remember the virus? This is my memoir I would like to read you to USA T3DAT I have the evil soul Oh, I have it Isn't the core door just too? Arson? Arson? Do the streets of small town in America Do the front lines This is impressive crowd of the haves And the have more Some people call you daily I call you my base It comes the true story The only Jewish Jewish who writes No, no, no, no, no I call upon all nations Do everything they can To stop these charers killed Thank you Now what's his life? This is the life of the world This Friday the theater near you Fair night on 11 and Ray Bradbury You're right, can kiss everybody's ass Including Michael Morris, Fatang Yeah, Ray you're in India You never wrote anything worthwhile in the first place And as if you made the comment today about Michael Donald Trump wants to He wants to copyright the word Expression your fire As if he invented it As if Ray Bradbury invented the word fair and height Stick it up your can, okay Ray And Shakespeare's going to sue him for that something wicked line Exactly He invented the word fair and height My ass It anyway so the movie comes out Friday No, no seriously Rather than go out and spending 35 bucks to buy the Clinton memoirs Which some of you will anyway but Much easier than wasting your eyesight And not 175 pages of stuff Just go see the movie for a couple of hours For like what? 67 bucks All right As a matter of fact, I want on Friday Don't forget I want to make sure that you get the Because I don't think I can get it here online And much easier anyway Get the SunCentle End or the hero and we'll give the locations of all the places where the movie is planned It'll be here It'll be in Toronto It'll be all over North America starting this Friday And then whatever theaters it doesn't open at Friday It'll be the following Friday July 2nd Whatever a market Here you go See it right? He heard several times His matter of fact Josh is going to go see part of it But then he's probably got a ball game to do with the Dave's So he's going to do a walkoff appearance at the movie Yeah Oh walkoff disappearance Right Like Renee Lassby did he walk away a walkoff Renee appearance Maybe I should play that too Since I'm playing all this good stuff It's amazing that we're finding things that we can actually place to Yeah There's a couple of second-world disabilities Who the people of South America Walkoff Renee please And when you're going to switch to computers Cars to stay It's clear that as a danger You are quite great But you just walk away Yeah do a walkoff he did thank goodness for that Jack McCann just turned 175 he still got his marbles together Prop 26 at 560 WQM Emerald Coast wants you just like Uncle Sam You'll have a much better time with him Believe me this is no ordinary Asian buffet The service is impeccable And you'll live with an empty stomach Your walkout just holding your puppet You'll be having a big smile on your push Emerald Coast offers use and sational mothwatering dishes Six different delicious suits Doesn'ts and zillions of sick of the non-phrase Including New York Skip made order at their sizzling Asian grill The brand new hoon on fish Enjoy main lobster thermator style Jonah crab oysters on a half shell I'm getting soaked up just thinking about it They've got handcar permit cooked just the way you like it They brand new time special these two They've got a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup They're brand new sushi bar and course fresh See you cocktail Scream And don't forget no headaches no MSG because they don't use MSG at the M.O. Coast No corn starts no crap They cook everything only with the best cholesterol free oils And the dessert station incredible featuring Belgian motholes Pies cakes pastries ice cream with our favorite toppings Even a fresh fruit you can't be to with a stick Emerald Coast relocates in for you there in sunrise Sun Ayles, Pemberpines Let him do the cooking for the whole family Take him all right now or book you next business dungeon Right away this copy still says father's day by the way Who's come is this? Don't know We don't know See that's another thing how about if we put that on a copy So Neil and everybody can know who the hell it is And any rate nobody really cares who's yeah right Anyway, let M.O. Coast cook up a storm for you Take out delivery always available. They're voted number one As you get restaurant reviews and WSV and news is south Florida's best Asian buffet And they got their thumb right on the bleed you made they're unbeatable The M.O. Coast Chinese buffet for information or directions called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five five seven two thirty eight twenty two We're supposed to be a five six two a.m In my every town Our five six two WQ We're going to We're going to Congratulations on your new book in the tour Thank you. Once you have to talk about how after you and Miss Lewinsky Hillary got a scissors in what did she do to your you think cut and Pan out Whoa what a job she has done how long is it better like that for five years now is it totally useless There are things that it doesn't do that I wish you did heavy try to have sex I have five once and it didn't work Wow, does my egg or work? No it doesn't work. Do they have the technology to to make it work again Well, I don't have any idea but I hope it will happen sometime in my life From thirty two we still hate pedal Brian and I show six six six looking about on that pull is your six six six that's a minor You want to please don't reloading Okay, but What's your take on Bill Clinton he was much better than W to 304 45.6 percent three hundred and four he's the greatest total in 15 32.2 That's 77.7 percent and six hundred and 66 votes How do you like that and I've 2999 million times He was an embarrassment seventy eight people said that almost 12 percent how embarrassing His ego's not a control 33 he has an if the penis 18 I'm sure they've all seen it He's trying to upstate Kerry ten and he was weak only eight He was polarizing either loved him or hated them just like the one we got now although the one we got now even much much to a greater degree Maybe this one is the most polarizing president in history at least in history of my life Yeah, I mean you got to small core of right wing religionist Bible thumbpress the spaz holes who just anything he does Yes, he did oh heads and then of course the rest of us who just hate him like poison in fact I'm much and certainly not news right now and I see that BB we have brain net Neahu on there And I'm thinking of myself but you're like to see his head on a plate Oh, yeah, kosher when you like to see that yeah kosher of course it would have to be a flasher plate Only for the meat products Stewart Collins in the nation rights by way of deception speaking of a fair and high nine level which comes out this Friday June 25 that the theater near you He says not the judgment of film critics, but the passage of time will decide whether Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 911 can change the world Change of course is the whole purpose Whatever satisfaction more derives from his evermind again coming awards he clearly will consider this picture success Only if it helps drive George W. Bush from office Voter's will write the real review I can merely fill time until November with the thought that Fahrenheit 911 might be interesting as a movie after it's done at work as politics As with any good polmic and this is an excellent one you sit in the theater thinking of how someone else would respond Some imaginary undecided in the swing state or perhaps your uncle max to be public and you know much monitor your own reactions But then as you leave the movie house You might notice that the sidewalk chatter sounds oddly muffled the traffic works a little blurred as you begin to realize that your attention does not come outside with you It's still in the dark struggling with the feelings that Fahrenheit 911 called up and didn't resolve Are you outraged heartbroken, vengeful, and more amorous, gloating, thoughtful, electrified? More has elicited all these emotions and then had the nerve of the filmmakers near believe you destroyed them out I think there are two bundles of messages in Fahrenheit 911, one political and one emotional And while the first is about as ambiguous as a call to take up pitch force and churches and storm the castle The second is two complex to one settle those in power It works to one settle you, it's what makes Fahrenheit 911 a real movie For clarity's sake then let's start with the politics The films, bill of particulars against Bush and also against the democratic leadership Which in more view has colluded most shamphilly in the Mr. Rule of World now suffers The prologue to Fahrenheit 911 revisits Bush's rise to power in lead 2000 Paying particular attention to the hunched posture of the democrats who let him step on their backs Here are Dick Abhart and Tom Dashel, counseling acceptance of the non-election And here's Al Gore mildly officiating over the senate session that legitimized the theft of his presidency For the first time in Fahrenheit 911 but certainly not the last More tells his story through borrowed but decidedly non-stock footage Which you most likely have not seen before in this case the scene of members of the house All of them africanamer him coming forward to contest the election While Gore calmly rules their objections in admissible because no senator not one would satisfy congressional rules by signing out of them More as antagonists being Republican mocoeasy on him Their attacks will note on occlude the charge that his film is democratic party propaganda He's done to stand from the preceding the flimsyness of this accusation Although it's true that more spares us to sight of one notable democrat John Kerry Voting to authorize Bush to start a war on his own say so at any time that suited him But enough of democratic male fees and so is the sage of Crawford that he may choose for us between life and death More answers in part with more footage you probably haven't seen until now A substantial portion of video tape from the morning of September 11, 2001 when Bush and his hammer staged a photo op at an elementary school in Florida After an eight whisper to him that a second airplane at struck the world trade center, Bush said in place for seven minutes pretending to read a book titled my pet goat If you ever before had a chance to study his face on that morning, has anything other than this movie made you feel the unown and durable length of his inaction? What do you suppose he was thinking all that time as he stared into space? More himself asked that last question on the soundtrack as a way of opening a biographical digression about Bush, his family and their business interest This section of the film will particularly in sense more attackers will pronounce on hand the dependable slew of conspiracy theorists so I digressed to my own More ledges no conspiracy seem really stated Bush has motives beyond those he's willing to state to make this case more begins by showing that the Bush family in general and George W. in particular Have received lavish support over the years from the Saudi elite, including the bin Laden's and of offered valuable help and turn Unlike the actualities footage that more uses in the film these facts are now by now widely known although it was news to me that Prince Bander the Saudi ambassador had done with Bush at the White House on September 13, 2001 Not news to us. In speculating about this dinner and about the subsequent airlifting out of the United States of more than a hundred Saudis when everyone else was grounded More goes only so far to say that the overwhelming least Saudi makeup of the 911 attack teams could have proved embarrassing to Bush He would not have wanted journalists just then to begin looking into his personal ties to Saudi interests or to ask whether any useful information had emerged from the 2000 bin Laden's had been in the country and whom he soon spirited away without the indignity of the questioning Nothing conspiratorial about that the worst you can reasonably say of the section of the film is that it gives more the opportunity for one of his man on the street pranks He filmed some self and Craig Unger off through the book House of Bush House of Saud and front of the Watergate complex in Washington directly across the street from the Saudi embassy a choice of location that ensures an eruption Sure enough, out of the scene drive car loads of secret service agents who just want to ask politely why a film crew is working on this spot The agents move awkwardly and up on given the answer all the one of them seems to back to a more blinded river's his punch line I didn't realize the secret service guards for an embassies in fact reasonable people may find this to be the best part of the session Dinner and go a show what you're appetite a little bit right a what a Like this even better release for the time being until Friday Walmart versus 1.6 million female workers judge certified sex discrimination case against number one retailer I saw an ad by the way yesterday on TV here that I just about paid my pants It was for Walmart spaghetti sauce Yeah, but they had their own brand and they showed that the guys out there talked about all the links they go to in the tomatoes and it and I thought it was like I got confused about who the spot was for and show enough They showed all the different kinds of sauces on the shelves there at a Walmart and it was Walmart They make their own sauce. I can't imagine what they put in it. I bet Josh Beckett knows it's in there. It's in there It's in there Josh and Becky probably washed his hands with it right now at Walmart. He's their kind of guy Funny till one at five 60 WQAM is your company suffering from regulation that increase labor costs Let Oasis out-sourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business Paywell administration Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services that Oasis out-sourcing can cover to help you business Be more profitable Call Oasis out-sourcing 2 days for free of ad oation at 1 866 at Oasis the toll free call 1 866 286 2747 For Oasis out-sourcing The many facets of human resource management Out-sourcing's being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to the folks at Oasis out-sourcing So let Oasis out-sourcing make your business a lot more profitable if you like a free no obligation of ad oation Just call at toll free number one 866 at Oasis at 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis out-sourcing You're just for 20 oasis you have 2 AM I like half-little boy They say they'll keep up all their inquiries Until they expose all the secret seeds Don't they're not hearing what they want to hear Who's no one talks well under over there Is the truly FBI know about the oppressed To CIA make judgments that they now regret Volk to anti-terrorism policies We just need more answers from the men who's keeping it to know We need to know What bush new up about 911 we need to know We need to know We need to know What bush new up about 911 we need to know So the air post says air America hits our ratings note, but I haven't been able to put the story out yet. I'll turn the next break just keep that in mind So they got a little bit of good news on a one hand is that they're not stone ass broke yet and then the other hand We'll have to give that story. We don't want to pre-judge doing I mean, I wish Randy all the luck in the world, but other than that that whole deal is just it was doomed from the star It was like Robby Young said you're doomed. Is he still in that phone booth? Yeah, the federal judge today said a lawsuit can proceed against Walmart ink And what may be the biggest civil rights class action suit in U.S. history As the company faces allegations that discriminated against female workers Oh look at the poll they're taking on CNN money. I better check that out too. Is Walmart too big for its own good Is there any doubt? U.S. District Court judge Martin Jenkins in San Francisco certified the class of about 1.6 million women who worked for a Walmart US door In any time since December 26th, 1990 the attorneys for the six lead plaintiff said if we have any women out there used to work for Walmart You might get some cash. How many women we got listening? The lawsuit filed in 2001 accuses the largest US private sector employer of discriminating against women employees And retaliating against those who complained Walmart said it would appeal the decision and said the ruling has absolutely nothing to do with the merits of the case Right. Oh Walmart stock is down above six good Walmart stocks saying 2.1% after the ruling and heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange where it was allowed today's most active issues Walmart is previously denied a pattern discrimination and said that the number of men and men's member flexed the higher number of application that receives from men for management positions Lawyers for the plaintiff said 70% of Walmart's hourly employees are female but women hold fewer than 15% of store management positions Walmart faces dozens of lawsuits claiming violations of wage in our laws and discrimination But analysts think this one in particular could prove costly for Walmart The concern is the potential impact on earnings growth said James Luke Who manages the large company growth fund for VV and TSM management Walmart may have to change the way they do business Ultimately, it could end to their cost structure miserable cheap grave robbing bastards that they are but we hate all martyr water a lot of spies speaking of a gigantic let's get to rescue this penis Same penis bird rushery. I got this email from you yesterday, but hold sitting on it Very uncomfortable Boy, got a cushion in a more innocent age it was said that Gregory Elham if LLL I'll say it Gregory F. Hymovic I can read it just at the F&E hired Gregory F. Hymovic rescues legendary powerful women with due to his piercing eyes but a new museum of Iraqi has suggested the mad monk's charm may instead have been Consul beneath his casac and you can see that by the way in the jar on our website behind to be decrypt Of course, we don't want to have no penises there like you know for a little kids to see measuring 28.5 centimeters about 11 inches Oh my god Long for shrinkage caused by pitling Well, they think of your penis would probably shrink too There's a tongue twister you can make out of that Yeah, I bet Rasputin's penis displayed in a tongue glass bottle is to put it delicately a big attraction at the museum Boy, is this a who where's this from? Director Igor Knazkin said he bought the object from a French anti-quarian for $8,000 along with several Rasputin's handwritten letters Are he is he sure he wrote it but with hand his hand And well, that's not all yet certificate of authenticity for such a remarkable piece Reputed both for his mysticism and his debauchery Rasputin was a powerful influence at the court of the Romanov SARS Concert about the unusual hold over the Emperor's Alexander group of aristocrats decided to kill him to save Russia They learned him to an assassination in 1916 Oh, an assassination whatever the hell that is Fed him drug cake shot him and finally killed him by wrapping him into carpet throwing him to the frozen neaver river sounds like an assassination to me The aura of sexual power mysticism lives on some are some things just by staring at the object that can cure sexual impudence One visitor can I as kin if this is true without a shadow about he replied with a smile Maybe Bob do all to go there and take a puke at it Can hurt the Chinese might like it to I don't think the Chinese are impudent based on the abidian Chinese people are always making comments to me about the Chinese and they're tiny little whatever But the fact that a matter is they must where there's a will there's a way in arms saying well, what do they keep eating ground up right oh horn and tiger parts Well, maybe they want to make two big in people who knows ask them Did Ashcropp he had an innocent man in Ohio election terrorist scan this is such a great article. I'm gonna have to read it all Maybe we ought to take some calls first you think why not? I don't want to do all of this reading here, but I just have like stuff that I feel the spirit of Christ compels me Harvey Wasserman and Bob Fitzrakis call out his majority of voice versus the super power of peace This is so beautiful and again all these things that are being done the timing of them all to try to distract us and throw us off the synth Kind of like a chasing the foxes with a hounds How about a QA and hello? Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Hey, um, just want to let listeners know you can go on movie tickets dot com and click on the Serenheit 911 link And then put in your zip code and it'll spit out all the theaters near you that are showing the movie Excellent. Yeah, and I'm going to see it Cocowalk 10 o'clock in Friday night And I'm bringing the girlfriend who voted for W in the 2000 election with me. Well, you get good user converter with the movie you're locked her up on election day one of the other Well, I told the bitch if she votes for him again. She's history You know, wouldn't maybe her head would look then I'll play it to think about it. Have a great day, pal. He thought no problem. There you go Friday this Friday June 25th, 3rd and 911 Okay, forget about wasting all that money on the Clinton book unless of course you're loaded, which in the split it around and you could use it Yeah, I see that dog. I think he's doing fine. Is he doing just fine? Oh, we're fine. But the Clinton's tell us they're doing just fine. He'll be still swimming all that money in from her book And he's making all these speeches making a big big serious bucks. I just, I don't know. I'm just a little bit that I have mixed emotions about this whole thing But at least we're seeing some them are crap out there because we sure still are not seeing Gary Which may not be all bad when you come right down to him. He's looking really. Maybe he's like a second wind. You don't want to mean? We'd make a salary the old days. Yeah, he's getting a second wind. You can just in your own mind imagine. I hear it. I was thinking about this the other day. Not for a long for about five seconds. But just I want the public to stop and think about this. Here we've got all these horrendous things going on in the world. We've got all these lunatic terrorists, top and people's heads off. We've got hundreds of Americans who are dying in a war that was based on a pack of lies. We've got thousands of people in the country that we supposedly are liberating who are dying would still be alive otherwise. And what is the US government worried about if we play fart sounds on the radio? How many times have I said? But third man? But the government treats all of you people like you're a bunch of little children in the sandbox And of course in some cases they might be right. Based on a lot of people we hear from. But that's generally the way they treat the public like you're a bunch of little children. Now speaking of John Ascroft. While the major media screams about the latest beheding in the Middle East, John Ascroft is struck to remain in the middle of West likely for political purposes has gone unnoticed. The ghastly court appearance in Columbus, Ohio of Nurett and Obdi is emiscoreed to high likely who the devotion administration used variations of torture to break this in proper Somali immigrant. And his dubious dubious indemit may well have been used to overshadow a campaign visit here by John Kerry. No Republican is ever one a White House without carrying Ohio. On Monday, June 14, the eve of Kerry's two-a visit here attorney general Ascroft dramatically sees national headlines by unceiving a four-month-old forecount indictment of Obdi a Somali native living in Columbus. Even more dangerous than Rimmer. The American Heartland was targeted for death and destruction by Nalkata cell allegedly which included a Somali immigrant who will now face justice Ascroft posted. Ascroft failed a point out that Obdi had been encutated since November 28, 2003. Federal investigators came up, be allegedly branded that he wanted to blow up a mall, but according to CBS News.com, no specific mall was targeted, no explosives were in hand, and it was unclear that the alleged terrorist had the word with all to do it anyway. Obdi faces up to 80 years in prison at a million dollars in fines according to U.S. immigration records. Obdi first entered the U.S. in 1995 resided in Canada, then re-entered the U.S. in August 97. Official statement said the U.S. granted Obdi a solemn as a refugee in January 99 after Obdi gave false information to immigration officials. His November 2003 arrest was on immigration charges. He's been held in prison under extremely dubious circumstances. He was not formally charged with terrorism. His family could not see him and heard little from him and he had no legal representation. Last week Ascroft charged Obdi with toughting to blow up an unnamed shopping mall in Central Ohio. The super-hyped findings immediately followed embarrassing new revelations about the administration's use of torture and came just before John Kerry's campaign appearance in the capital of this crucial swing state. Kerry raised the record $2 million in his two days in Ohio. Ascroft says that while in prison, Narodon Obdi claimed we've gone to Mecca on a pilgrimage but instead went to Ethiopia for terrorist training. In a BBC interview, Obdi's brother, Obdi Aziz said Narodin is not in Ethiopia, he hasn't been to Mecca either. Federal magistrate Mark Abel ordered Obdi transferred to a federal psychiatric facility to determine if he's mentally competent. The evidence used to determine magistrate Abel's decision remains sealed. Here's how ABC's Peter Jennings described the public announcement of Obdi's indictment. In Washington today, the attorney general said that Al-Qaeda has been planning to blow up a shopping mall in Ohio. John askedcroft when he for the cameras to say that a man from Somalia, curly U.S. custody, is at the heart of this plan. Over the last three years, Mr. Ashcroft has made several dramatic announcements about terrorist spots in the U.S. and it's hard to verify them because the evidence is held in such secrecy. In court, Obdi looked nothing like a terrorist or his former self, his family and the largest Somal community here were horrified to see, Obdi entered the courtroom smiling vaguely and failing to recognize his own brother. Apparently unconscious of his surroundings Obdi banged his head repeatedly on a table and grinned it nothing, many who know Obdi in the Central Ohio community say the vague, sensational charges against him are absurdly out of character. No photos have emerged of abuse in prison, but Obdi's new attorney is family and the community who knew him find little us to conclude. Some say he apparently lost his mind while under the condition of his incarceration. The forecount in statement returned by a federal grandjury and Columbus centers around charges that Obdi conspired with Lyman, Ferris and others to blow up an unidentified shopping mall, Ferris is serving 20 years in prison for allegedly planning to take no actual action, the sabotage the Brooklyn Bridge. Ferris's family says he has had a longstanding struggle with mental difficulties, Ferris was held in prison for several months before suddenly being fingered as a high profile terrorist. The Bush administration says Ferris visited the Brooklyn Bridge and tried to buy equipment to aid in alleged al-Qaeda attack. Ferris and Obdi have tended to same mosque in Columbus home to more than 30,000 Somali's. It's the second largest Somala community in the US after many apples. The Somala community here has met on Mass about the Obdi indictment. It's been quick to point out the mistake the government made in the November 8, 2001 World headlines, telling Obtich Cracked Down Financial Networks a leg of the title of a summit in London. Among those erected in a much-hyped Columbus raid was Somali businessman, Hassan Hussein, owner of Burraca Enterprise Inc. A Financial Transfer Business, at the end of August 2002 the US Treasury Department quietly moved to Hussein and two of the Somali individuals from its list of alleged supporters of terrorism and dropped all charges against them. Hussein's lawyer, Kevin O'Brien told reporters after the charges were dropped, that I wish the government would just come out and say we screwed up and apologize for 10 months we asked him to produce proof and out of wants that they produce one shred of information. Somali asked for Ted Danie of the Congressional Research Service in Washington DC, called the government's decision to close down Burraca a major blunder based on junk intelligence. Kind like our invasion of Iraq same thing. At least we're consistent. The BBC reported that 60% of all Somalians use Burraca financial services to send money back home. Local attitude toward the arrest, abound with skepticism. One June 19th, called into a local talk show charge as Crocodile targeting unstable Somali men to whip up fear and tension in the heartland. I think that these Somali and community are just easy fodder for Mr. Ashcroftey said they're black that makes it very easy. They're powerless as well. I also think that it had something to do with Karei's Columbus appearance too. They had induces fear and panic reminding us the course that Bush is in control. It puts Karei's visit on the back burner. On the interest, my delbyl he proved to be terrorists, but so far they seem just hapless patties. Their minds and spirits broken in Bush rug in a Bush Ashcroft Gulag, more reminiscent of Stalin Soviet Union and Sodom's abugar rape. Been a nation covered by the rule of law. The real sorcerer here may be that this is precisely the kind of treatment in store for countless innocent Americans are foreign-born bystanders. The bad deterrism can always be pinned on defenseless marginalized people broken in the horrors of a prison system, unconstrained by the Geneva Convention or the Bill of Rights. Give Bush another four years and it could happen to you. So let's just not do it. What do you say? All right. Let's not give another four years. Oh, right. Sounds like a plan to me. But if you're not Somali, what do you get to worry about? That's true. Of course they're black, so, you know, let them lose their vote. The water could do it all! When I'll create five sixty, you know, if you have the South Korean hostage has been beheaded. Yeah, that'd be bad. That'd be bad. He's been beheaded. He was pleading in screaming like, come save me, do something that I want to live, but no way Jose. Encouraging preliminary ratings for all liberal-era-merc in New York have collapsed along with a fledgling radio-neverce finances. Oh my God. First of all, New York Post. An unofficial expripleation of arbitron data released last Friday, which air-merc is host crowed about last month, but virtually ignored yesterday. Showed WLIB's ratings dropping back to their lowly levels before the net's April launch. Didn't we say that then in the beginning? There's always like this, you know, fascination and a lot of publicity and a lot of who are blonde and we'll see if it's six. Have it until not, not yet. Arbitron Carson stationed that arbitrage is not to be too much into this inter-remotely data, but they didn't stop air-merc or star-al-frencant from boasting last month. They did beaten WABC's worst limbo among 25 to 54-year-old listeners, chased by radio advertisers, instead of ratings yesterday, Franken discussed the Wall Street Journal article that provided frightening details about alleged phantom finances, including purported promises of major backing from liberal-merc-backers, Norman Leary and Larry David. There resulted in a near-complete shake-up of Ermerc as a good executive of sweet last month. According to the article, many Ermerc investors thought the network had raised $30 million. But, through the man! But in fact only six-minute have been raised before the network launched. We have a new influx of cash coming up said Franken is contract promises more than a million year according to the journal. I'm being paid now we told listeners today I've been paid for weeks. Franken took issue with Fox News channels Bill O'Raleigh for interviewing a reporter last week who said, Ermerc investors have been throwing money down a rat hole. Fox News channel lost 150 million its first two years Franken said that was a much bigger rat hole than our rat hole. Ermerc or President John Sitten who declined comment through a spokesman yesterday told a post an April that would be unfair to make too many judgments too soon. It takes a long time to develop talk radio audience he said echoing the sentiments of any talk radio experts this is a long-term project. The lofty network, the lefty network, rather which ain't too lofty, the lefty network which hopes to counter the election year influence of highway conservative talk radio is still without affiliates. In Los Angeles and Chicago after noisy disputes over station lease payments, except for nearest WLIB its 15 affiliates are in medium to small markets as in small potatoes. Good luck to them. They'll need it. Let's get a lot of calls in here this last hour right? Right. Hundreds. How's defy doing is these still live? Err, we only can hope. And those of you who wish can pray. Pray for Jeff high. Pray for his pacemaker. Pray for his. Pray for his. Gourmet's chef. To cook up the right things. How about he's eaten right now. For full. Remember remember when they had the prize closet at power and he kept breaking into it they had all those candy bars. Yeah. I was surely after he first got hired at QAM. That all these. Boxes at cartons of candy bars. And somehow either got the key or he just like busted his uh back home into the door and knocked it down. And he just could break it in there and steal all the candy bars. It's a sickness baby. It's the sugar reduction. You're talking to an expert right now. Believe you me. It's a sugar addiction. Sugar kills. More powerful than heroin. More powerful than that white powder. More powerful than anything ever known to man. Even Superman is powerful is that this is the real white powder. As you call as your good friend would say. See that cruise. By the way, don't forget to see that cruise hour starts tomorrow 8 to 10. I think we'd have a better chance with that lead and then Bow and Geldy and the old one. Whatever we got now. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. I got a little sparring for it on Joe Rosen's collar. Yeah. On the Saturday morning show you said this is Greg Reed's quote that he got the anger management class. Did you hear anything like that? No. It was on the spot 10 30 on the Saturday morning you was talking about it. Yeah. That Greg Reed needs some working to go anger management class. What does that mean? That he, I guess he ain't getting paid. Well no ticking or was she baby. That's why he's not on this week and if Greg Reed don't get him straight down man. Here's this guy. Seriously, how Greg Reed continues to maintain that job. He must have naked pictures of all the beesleys. You know? He must have Carol and doing a Billy goat. Got to. I'm talking about curling beesley. That is. That clarify that fast. Oh, I'm sorry. I was busy. Yeah. I bet you were reading some port. Yeah. How can this man continue surviving? He keeps screwing up screwing up and he no matter how many times he screws up. He still comes in and falls into a bucket of stuff. You know, every time. I think it's that horseshoe you keep talking. And then no matter how many times he does that then he's managed to find another way to screw it up again. Just like when it looks like we got it all straight now. Here comes Greg to screw it up again. Man, this guy is just amazing. How much if they if ducted in this personal product colleges they would find 50 horseshoes. 185 four leaf clovers and got only knows what up inside his. Blackcomb who knows what. Maybe maybe we're to gear is lucky. Jerbal could be in there too. Do you remember he used to have a gerbal name lucky? Oh, it was so lucky. Maybe that blind dog is in there too. The one that blind definitely with three legs. Oh, God, Greg. Get your sign to quit kicking around. Oh, I didn't say that to that. No, I didn't hear that. No. If I want to get to different things. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 10 Verizon world. As a matter of fact, though, I think of it. We actually can say that once or twice. What? Come to QA and hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. It's come to my attention that the cycles are now fact things. Reverend Joe's not having a lot of issues. Oh, geez. Like I said, you won't be on the air again. I've decided that during the vacation. Okay, there's no way that that crowd is going to be on the air again. If you know, once in a while, we want to drop in a QD of our own here on this end. Like, uh, you're gay. Yeah, that would be good. First, the first word I heard sounded like the funniest voice ever heard my life. And I thought, well, you know, then it was. I'm going to good mood and it was. Forget about it. Okay, go find another show. Go lease some time. You're out. Waxy. I'm going to go to the end of the cell. Cool. At least some of the time I know is make believe on WFOL. ALL, whatever it is, fall radio. Come to QA and hello. How are you doing, Neil? Pretty good. Uh, the thing is, that's not me. Yeah, huh, we know. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Pretty good. You got the greatest idea. You do your show from another country and another land. Yeah. You have to all the class. You see, I just want to kill each other and off dark with our David. He is the instigator. He is. And don't say dick anymore. Wow. They are in a frenzy now. Aren't they? They're going to, when, when they know they're going to get their water cut off. Man, what's the only start like getting Josh Beckett disease? Who knows what they're going to be drinking next? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. These are good. Let's get a lot of great calls this past hour. We're not building no poll today because 12 buildings weren't put George back on. Get killed on. Anything. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. We haven't had that in quite a while, yet. And you want to know why they're starting to get nervous with us. Sometime do come and I mean they like you a lot last week, but, you know, after a couple of weeks at a, uh, this sniffing ass. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil, you're certain. I wish I was on hold for all these dumps that are going up. Yeah, even in the QMT room, it has many dumps. Right. Regarding the 2000 election result, have you ever talked about database technologies and the voter purge list? Yes. Oh, OK. I just saw a documentary called unprecedented. And it just it nails it. It has blown your mind. Right. Yeah. So I mean, the fix was in long before the account was stopped or any of that. No question about it. I'm believable. All right. But you know, something even with the fix being in before the vote was even with that, if they would have kept County East O'Hoodle lost. Sure. That's why they had to get these supreme in there. Diana Ross and the token Thomas, that whole bunch. Right. Good luck with it. Well, it's just the ending. You can have race rides over stuff like this. You know what I mean? I'll see you at the border. Yep. Later. You know, I got this spot for Brandy's here. I'm sure that there's a tag because every week they have a great special sale of Brandy's. But we don't have any tag for this week. And I have a feeling that Troy Straffard may have been a kid. And I've never seen a kid after something. It's not nobody more. We had one for last week. Troy. Yeah, but we don't have one for this week. That's my point. Last week was last week. This week is this week. We have one for this week. Troy. Who's the count is it now? Berkeley. Oh, well, forget about that. She is whoever I never never never met her. No, you never had. She's all right. But what do you mean she's all right? She may be the nicest person. I maybe she like, you know, sniffs your armpits or whatever. What's she sure's telling you to do it. Oh, job on these accounts. We got Emerald Coast doing Fathers Day spots. We got Brandy Shoes with no tag. We got that one that you know about that I only want to mention on the ear that's become a major project because Todd Rick is a Mongolian idiot. And in the meanwhile, Muffa's back there playing grab ass with clearance in the programming office and none of this stuff is getting done. Not that that's their job. But if we're going to let Skuran handle it, forget about that. She's too busy handling other things. Roy. And then when she heard about that, we're a student picture. Well, forget about today. She's busy. Yeah. 113 at 5.60 WDQM, you know, when you shop for quality footwear, great selection and professional service. The only place to take those feet is Brandy Shoes in Pompano Beach. They've been doing it right for years and years and years. And Brandy Shoes find the largest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best service and the best prices in town. And Brandy Shoes find the top names and the shoe business. So what's not to like? They got them all. They got rock ports, floor shime, S.A.S. spirit, timber the naturalizer and lots more. It would Brandy Shoes manga selection. You can just about bed Berkeley's life on it. The whatever you need is in stock right now, where they shop on your feet for man ladies and in between. Find out why most of Brandy's customer and not just keep coming back. I usually buy several pair or that pairs on each visit of the store because you can't be to prices and the selection too. Brandy Shoes open daily Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5. And this week they got a great special on. Go in and check out the this week. For Brandy's. There are 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Always worth the trip. Be sure to tell them that old Berkeley's inch above. My life and local. This is sports video 5.6. You're way too way. Yeah. Oh my god. It's a severed head. Yes, severed head. The new fab that's sweeping an Asian. Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head. And if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer. Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy. Well, $623 isn't that a lot for a bag of candy? Well, it's our finest mixture. You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddies, and the juice filled wax bumpkins. Well, I guess it is a good deal. Except for the severed head of the middle of the Zangna bar. Sweet but cheese. Thanks so sorry. Please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free. You'd better. Yes, the severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts and freebies worldwide. So pick up yours today and remember if it's not dead, it's not severed head. Please don't forget this is summer when you have a really desperate day for a pool. Yeah, what would your rather have as a souvenir or a severed head or a rat-sputants penis? Well, which one goes on the end of a keychain better? And Iraqi militant group has been headed itself, Korean hostage, Al Zir, a GZR TV reports today. The Pan-Arab station said, if we see the video tape, I wonder how long before we'll get to see it. A video tape showing that Kim Sun-Eil had been executed, Kim 33 worked for a South Korean company's supply and the US military in Iraq and was abducted last week. According to the South Korean government, Al Zir, which had not broadcasted tape, said the execution was carried out by the Al Qaeda-lang group, Monotheism and G-Hide. Oh, what a great combination. News of the being heading reached the White House in the midst of a briefing by spokesman Scott McCollum who was not aware of the report. That would be horrible news, he said. There's simply no justification. It's not a great response. There is simply no justification for those kinds of atrocities that the terrorist carrier is. As if somebody was, say, oh yes, there's a justification, you wrong. But, God, what an idiot. We've seen some of the barbaric nature of the terrorist recently when it comes to an American citizen that was killed in Saudi Arabia. It's a reminder that the two nature of the terrorists, right? The only hijack for and they were going to hijack ten planes if they could, but the deal fell through four planes in Fluomen to buildings. One got taken over in Fluomen of the ground and killed 3,000 people. But now we're fighting out that they're barbaric in their lunatics, which is all the more reason why not a single one of you ought to accept the fact that we've been spending these billions of dollars for the last year plus. Invading a country that we have no business or rating that was not a hotbed of terrorism. It wasn't a threat to us. Instead of using that money to go find Osama, Yama, and all these other Saudi lunatic killers. Really interesting how we're lazy to be going after these Saudis. You don't think that there's some connection there, do you? Not that I'm paranoid, you understand that. What they ever do. Right. Not much. When in their tookoff of the oil fields and decided that they were other rulers. So, if all bunch of religious schools for all the men turned everybody into religious nut, all the shepherds that are living there living like peasants. Remember that? Remember the show on 60 minutes with the sheek a year or two ago? Which one? Do all of our he was looking at the stock market and they were all coming there to kiss his ring all day. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. Sickening. They're disgusting. They're disgusting. They're disgusting. They're the earth. And because they got all that OIL, our guarantee right now, they didn't have all that OIL. We just blow them off the mat tomorrow. Sure. Just get it over with for fun. And the world would be a much more beautiful place. High court sides with HMOs to limit patients right to sue. We got a couple of us who have a supreme thing here. By the way, don't count any more votes. Patients could not sue health maintenance organizations under state law for refusing to pay for doctor recommend care. The Supreme Court ruled yesterday in the season that could affect millions of Americans. But screw you guys. The justice is unanimously ruled that on 1974 federal law the employer determined and Consecurity Act completely preempted such law suits brought in state court by patients who seek damages from their HM. OOOH! Over the denial of medical care. The state laws have become important as Congress's failed to adopt national legislation. They would allow patients to sue their health maintenance organization and a federal court for medical malpractice. They supreme court decision involved a law in President Bush's home state of Texas that allowed patients to sue HMOs over their medical treatment. The court's decision has a lesson in your political overtones. Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry said the ruling showed a need for a national law to hold HMOs accountable for decisions that harm patients by denying necessary care. Democrats criticized the West Justice Department for opposing the Texas law before to high court. They said Bush who was Texas governor when the law took effect in 1997 had supported it during his 2000 presidential campaign. The decision was a victory for insurers, which have warned that allowing the lawsuits would drive up health care cost, millions of Americans participated in the employer provided HMO health-pand government by the 1974 federal law. At least nine other states have lost some order to the Texas one Arizona California Georgia main, New Jersey North Carolina Oklahoma, Washington and West Virginia, and who in their right mind would ever want to be in West Virginia. There are a think of what I think of West Virginia two things, Charles Town Race track, and coal miners getting black lung disease. Right. That doesn't do any two things I think about when I think of West Virginia. I can't remember if I was ever in West Virginia. I think I drove through it real fast. Just like Delaware, if you ever get to Delaware drive through their real fast, for it. A court rejects Jenny Jones case appeal, and rightfully so by the way. There's a Supreme Court rejected an appeal Monday from the family of a guest murder days after a minute a secret crush on another mandarin, the taping of the Jenny Jones show. The family of Scott Amidr went a 29.3 million dollar ward against Warner Brothers and the talk show, but the decision was later thrown out. A Michigan appeals court ruled against the family last year, and in the appeal of the Supreme Court, the family claimed that the Michigan judges were biased and should have disqualified themselves from the case. The lawsuit stemmed from Amidr's death in 1995, after three days after we appeared on the show with Jonathan Schmitz. Amidr revealed his attraction to Schmitz during the taping of the show in Chicago, the show never aired. Schmitz is now serving a 25 to 50 year prison sense for secondary murder. Yeah, I won't find any factory there. No. Let me say it again. What's it to ya? None of your business. Forget about it. Yeah. Oh, I asked Mo, who he was getting any on the side. You know he said, but got about it. Right. He's got that lovely wife that he loves so joey and puts up with his crap, which she's got to be really a princess. I shouldn't use that word. Press. She has to, she has to, must have the patience of Job. Because how can anybody put up with his crap like morning noon and night in in the sack? You think that he has to take that piece off before he enters the sack? He has a tight-pitched, he's got a special sack where he got hides it. A special piece he's got to put on. Take it a piece. 803 votes. What's your take on Bill Clinton? He was much better than W. 373. Life was great. Oh, breaking news. Oh, that's the end of the breaking news. That was about to South Korea. I thought it was going to be something good. He was much better than W. 373. 40. I thought it was going to be like, oh, the president just got impeached. Something like that. Really good and important news. 40. 6. I have for a sense. A bubble was much better than what we got now. 31.6 additional percent say he's the greatest. 254. They love them. They go out and buy in the book. Nothing. They're going to read it. But they just want to make sure he gets the money. That's 78%. He was an embarrassment. 95. 11.8%. His ego is out of control. 37. He has an ifty penis. 23. I even asked Newton voter for that one. He was only 10 out of over 800 votes. Aren't you impressed? Yeah, but we did that. They love him. We all love him. Especially relative to what we got. Now pop had janko. Look what we got. As Santina would say, if he weren't shot up on a crossword. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 39. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 40. 38. 40. and it's really scary because he's standing there and you see her all of a sudden you know are you doing here you and then he calls up a side of nobody here pops all alone you know and but in the unispergated one you actually see them move the bed from the one room into another one which is not an important set that Michael in here's the footsteps coming up very slowly you know very dramatically those footsteps echoing through the halls of that empty hospital who are you and so the baker 26 after one at five sixty wqm hey u s is accused of trying to isolate you when agency will get to that very briefly because you know what population control we don't like that bad that's probably the pope probably gave a little thumbs up to a president to the on that when he was over there in a Vatican because he was ringing his thing hey at summertime they're getting longer nights are getting shorter which means it's so important for you to get a good night sleep if you're not sleeping as well as you could or should call 1-800-MACRES and voila you'll be sleeping on the best mattress in the history millions of people including me about 1-800-MATT-RES for the lowest prices on the best brands in bedding the easiest possible way to buy you a name brand mattress save time save money improve your productivity bright new disposition with a release sensational night sleep every night volumetric is ranked number one in customer satisfaction number one is the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award when you call 1-800-MACRES you'll get the best prices on the best brands would live in a tour window on your schedule when it's convenient for you and of course the best customer service in the business dollar mattress is got the complete line of silly certa king coil Simmons temperedic and stirrens in foster hewitt from canola steward pombie support Myers dollar mattress can and will deliver you the fun is bedding going anywhere everybody if you am is catching on they're calling 1-800-MATRES for their beds and you ought to be doing the same just log on to macros dot convict more info or call them toll free for dollar mattress the easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep 1-800-MACRES 1-800-MATRES okay wait don't What'd you be? Ignit! Be watched? Ignit! Ignit! You'll be a bit. Well now I'm not ignorant. Fine! I'll play ball, Pensiono, Baitball. In a dire world, could you just admit half my time? Did you? Well, actually I... Got him in it! I played it in... Got him in it, Adam! Are you in it? I didn't even... Can I have that in the... F- Come home home! I'm the Crow! How did you get to eat? Elemental B! 130 till at 5.60 there's only one Crow after they made him they threw away the mold. Thank God. But he's... He's okay. He's one of our people, you know what I mean? Right? I don't... Maybe he ought to do a walkoff show, you know? Like one last walkoff. Come on, you can do it. You and Geldy together. Oh! Hand it in. U.S. is accused of tried isolate. You went agency. The Bush administration, which caught up with sure financing to use to go to UN agencies. Handling population control, is seeking to isolate the agency from groups that work with it in China and elsewhere. You went officials in diplomats. Pressed by opponents of abortion, the administration withdrew its support from a major international conference on health issues this month, and has privately warned other groups like UNICEF that address health issues that their finance could be jeopardized if they insist on working with the agency, the United Nations population fund, because anybody with a brain knows that one thing the world needs is a lot more population. If we could just have 100 billion people things would really be good. The administration also was indicated that it hopes to persuade the United Nations Latin American caucus to back away from a common position on population and development that was adopted in Santiago Chilli and March, on the grounds that the documents discussion of reproductive rights could be interpreted as promoting abortion. Promoting abortion. Oh my God. The actions are part of an administration effort to ensure that international agencies and private groups do not promote abortions overseas in the first days in office. The Bush administration reintroduced the Wagon era that were a critics called the Global gag rule, which denies money to groups that even the scuss abortion as an option, except in cases that threatened life or involve rape or incest, I have to read that last sentence again. In the first days in office, the Bush administration reintroduced the Wagon era that critics called the Global gag rule, which denies money to groups that even the scuss abortion as an option, except in cases that threatened life or involve rape or incest, on be believable. Keeping us in the stone age, we don't want that stem cell research, even though all those embryonic stem cells are going to be discarded anyway, Pat Robertson don't like it and you're a fall bell don't like it and Jimmy Swagger don't like it, and George's W don't like it and we're not going to do it. We don't care how many people we can say, we don't care how much we can improve your life, we just ain't going to do it because the fundamentalist are running the roost. How come it's okay in cases that they don't want to do anything to this honest like fix and election? And you're pardon? How come it's okay in cases of rape? It's not the babies fault. Well, there's nothing like it and rape didn't. That's what Mo said. Anyway, Paul Crablin is always good. It's got an article there. I got to read this too. I'm apologizing. Don't I for all of reading? No, I don't care. I got to make up because you are going to be doing any reading. I'll sum up. Did you see you read what article? The Larry Kingwood. Well, there you go. Well, there you go. It's short and important. Right. About his, well, it depends on your viewpoint. No one day in the shade by Paul Crablin, he's great. I say let's give Michael more for present Paul Crablin for VP. What do you say? I. In April 2003, John Ashcroft just as department disrupted what appears to have been a horrifying terrorist plot. In the small town of Nunday, Texas, FBI agents discovered a weapons cache containing fully automatic machine guns, remote control explosive devices disguised as briefcases, 60 pipe bombs and a chemical weapon, a cyanide bomb, big enough to kill everyone in a 30,000 square foot building. About third man. Strangely, though the attorney general didn't call a press conference to announce the discovery of the weapons cache or the arrest of William Crablin's owner. He didn't even issue a press release. This was to say at the least, out of character. Jose Padilla, the accused dirty bomber didn't have any bomb making material, or even a plausible way to acquire such material, and Mr. Ashcroft put him on the front pages around the world. Mr. Crablin was caught with an actual chemical bomb, yet Mr. Ashcroft acted as if nothing had happened. Incidentally, Mr. Ashcroft intention was to keep the case low profile, the media had been highly cooperative. To this day, the new day conspiracy has received little national coverage. At this point, I had the usual problem, writing about John Ashcroft posted the same difficulty, this is writing about the Bush administration in general only more so, the truth about his malfeasance is so extreme that it's hard to avoid sounding shrill. In this case, it sounds over the top to accuse Mr. Ashcroft to try to bury news about terrorists who didn't fit his preferred storyline. Yet, it's hard to believe that William Crablin wouldn't have become a household name if he had been a Muslim or even a leftist. Mr. Ashcroft once given interview with something partisan magazine in which he praised Southern Papers like Jefferson Davis, reluctant to publicize the case of a terrorist who happened to be a white supremacist. More important is Mr. Ashcroft neglecting real threats to the public because of his ideological biases. Mr. Crablin's arrest was not the result not of a determined law enforcement, if it against domestic terrorists but of a fluke. When he sent a package containing counterfeit UN and defense intelligence agency credentials to an associate new jersey, it was delivered to the wrong address. Luckily there was simply an open-to-package in contact with the FBI. Both were that fluke we might have well found ourselves facing another Oklahoma City type atrocity. The discovery of the Texas sign-up bombs should have served as a wake-up call. 9-11 has focused our attention on the threat from Islamic radicals but murderous right-wing fanatics are still out there. The concerns of the justice department however appear to lie elsewhere. Two weeks ago were presented to the FBI appear to be an industry group for help in combatting what he told the audience the FBI regards as the country's leading domestic terrorist threat ecological animal rights extremists. Even in the fight against foreign terrorists Mr. Raskar political meanings have distorted policy. Mr. Raskar is very close to the gun lobby and these times have an ugly Trump public protection. After 9-11 he ordered that all government lists including voter registration, immigration and drivers license lists, the check for links to terrorist all government lists that is except one he specifically prohibited the FBI from examining background checks on gun purchasers. Mr. Raskar told Congress that the law prohibits the use of those background checks for other purposes but didn't tell Congress that his own staff had included that no such prohibition exists. Mr. Raskar officials are directly of later put into law requiring that records of background checks on gun buyers be destroyed after only one business day. And we need to imagine a Mr. Raskar was deeply concerned about protecting the public's privacy after all a few months ago he took the unprecedented step of subpoening the hospital records of women who have had late term abortions. After my last piece of Mr. Raskar somebody is questioned whether he is really the worst attorney general ever. It's true that he has some stiff competition from the list of John Mitchell who served under Richard Nixon. But once the full record of his misdeeds and offices revealed I think Mr. Raskar will stay and hidden shoulders below the rest. Good going Paul. You demand. You got that Clinton book yet? No. Well why not? I'm surprised one of our listeners has not forked out the 35 bucks to bring you in a copy of a book so you and Josh can pour over all summer long while I'm laying out. How about the audio version at six and a half hours long? Oh good. I endorse that right now. Be played on Tuesdays and Thursdays would be good. All right. All through all through the summer. 21 until two we got the mad dog at two we haven't had any we have retraction on that so I guess the mad dog is in house. Oh right. It's about time. We got the Humperidge 4 or 60 got Marlins on deck and then of course 705 it's the abrasive to Marlins at PPP Park right down the street there 80 can't do the baseball game. Once you're on Marco and back on just a joke. If you try to lose weight by following a low carb diet you like to waste focus help thousands of low carb diet is achieved their weight loss goals. Today shopping for those right low carb products become more and more difficult more confusing because a lot of the so-called low carb products on grocery store shelves aren't really as low as you think and I can help you lose weight at all. In fact they may make you do other things but not lose weight. Selecting foods with the right ingredients is what is the lowest carbs that's the key. The light focus is over a thousand of the right low carb food items in products and don't forget you can try anything Mr. before you cash out the spending cash for it before you buy it. The economical staff the guy to the success of you on the atkins sugarbusters South Beach any low carb sugar free diet head for the lights of us book at the number one low carb store in the universe and let these folks help you reach your important weight loss goals and stay alive no pacemaker for you hope shopping at the lights I hope on my fat boy who's well. The open seven days week from 10 to 10 the lights of us book at the round the northeast corner of blaze and 441 right next to Boston market or column toll free at 1-877 low carb. L.O.W.C.A.R.V. or on a web it's lowcard.com. There's only one but boy what a story it is the lights of us book of your official atkins retail center. 5. The local this is 5.60. 3. The New York's coming. You win. Know that the Lord even loves Neorodgers. Wow. Hey, how you doing honey? Bless you build quite in the present about the United States. And this is my state of boo, women address. I know the few girls who thought they were pretty hot but Billy's here to tell you that girl you're not. They used to wear makeup and rip away pants. When they looked at me they were under my try-ons. Wow. You play against me. So, Paul Jones you got a new nose. That dome impressed me much. You got the brain but have you got the touch. That'll get me wrong. I'll bring here all right. But now I'm giving me one better smell than that. I've done impress me much. I'm off. Once we've lost you away. I'd like you remember this one. She had on tight-ring Carter that she kept on her phone. And after she ached, she would bury the moment. She got herself some wife all and a tummy tuck. She still has ugly as a hockey puck. Wow. She's like she's a face match. Wow. She likes she's a face. So, when the trip got some surgery, that dome impressed me much. Wow. You got the brain but have you got the touch. That'll get me wrong. Yeah, I'll bring here all right. But now I'm giving one better smell than that. But now I'm impressing me much. You forget that one. I'm on this next one. A big chunky girl with a purple beret. That damn gap dressed nearly for the day of light. Well, secret meetings in the corridor. I could've told Will Chamberlain how to score. Wow. She likes she's like she's a face match. Wow. She's like she's a face match. So Monica, you lost 40 pounds. That dome impressed me much. Wow. Well, you got the brain but have you got the touch. Now look at the roll. Well, I'll bring here all right. But now I'm giving one better smell than that. I know impressed me much. I'm saying the best for life. Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car. No offense but I think I'd rather sleep with get a scar. When she gets murdered, the flaker all splanked at. Big ol' legs haven't had so much. So Hillary, you're going to be a son and her from the art. Not knowing freshly much. Well, you got the brain but have you got the touch. Now look at the roll. Well, I'll bring here all right. But now I'm giving one better smell than that. My love impressed me much. My key that is my sight in the women address. I love you. 147 at 5.60 WCOM. The US will hand legal custody of Saddam Hussein and an under-term a number of other former regime figures to the Inter-Mayraki government as soon as. Iraqi courts issue warrants for their arrest and requested transfer US officials say today. However, I think we're a little bit nervous that they might just either let him go or hang him from some pole somewhere. Yeah. In addition to which once he gets on the loose out there with all those other look-alike Saddam's who-to-hell knows which one has the Tony. However, the US will retain physical custody of Saddam and the Persist. While giving Iraqi prosecutors and defencores access to them, the officials said on condition of anonymity. Now, the rest were going to keep the shackles on him for a few shackles. But they can like whatever. They can feed him. A military judge today refused to dismiss charges against Saddam's Sergeant Ivan Frederick to 2th, one of seven American soldiers accused in the Abu Ghara prison scandal. How come you're so newsy again? It's because I feel like it. Go back to New York. Hey, by the way, the mad dog is in Iceland. He's doing a show from Iceland. That's right. The Iceland Open. He's actually doing a show from there? Yes. Well, if it sounds as good as the Senate they had for me and I am still damn it ought to be. Wow. Well, let's see. It's about two clouds, about five, six and a half in over there. I would think. I got to stick around for a few seconds and see how this sounds. About thirty minutes. Yeah. I'm after delay my lunch a couple of seconds. All right. How come now? How come that's not on here? Oh, that's at the big golf tournament on how sad. I love the mad dog, but boy, anybody on the station when they start with that golf stuff? Oh, brother. Clarec dodges a beach charges in two nations. Somebody facts this in before the show. I don't want them to think that we're not going to use this. Okay. Because we're always looking for a good, travel-listing priest. Clarec dodges a beach charges in two nations from the Dallas morning news. The Mexican bishop had trouble on his hands and attacked where nearly killed one of his priests. Two sexual misconduct was well known to the bishop. And now, villages were telling police about a stream of young male visitors to the priest. Parish residents. The US bishop had a different problem, a lack of spedist-speaking priest to silver growing immigrant population. And so, in 1987 the Reverend Nicholas Aggie are got a first start in southern California. Just nine months later, he was on the move again, leaving behind one of the largest child sex abuse cases in Los Angeles, our stasis history. Oh, my God. Again, scandal was contained within the priest hiding abroad. Ever hide abroad? Sometimes in a broom closet. Better fat. Aggie-ers tale of international flights fits a pattern that the Roman Catholic church leaders have repeated around the world a year long Dallas morning news investigation is found. I'm going to read that again. See, we had that big, you know, dog and pony show there for a few weeks, and they're all whipped up and there having a conference in Dallas, no less. All of that below, and now it's just back to business as usual. Aggie-ers tale of international flight fits a pattern that Roman Catholic church leaders have repeated around the world. A year long Dallas morning news investigation is found in this case. The two bishops have become prominent figures in the global Catholic hierarchy. One, the Reverend Norbert Dole Rivera is now Mexico City's Cardinal, one of his countries's most powerful men. The other Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahoney leads the largest dices in the US. Aggie-ers more than just an old skeleton than their closets after dodging criminal charges in California, where police said that he had musted at least 26 boys. He was charged in 1997 Mexican abuse case. Church leaders kept him in a ministry while the matter was pending, and even after his conviction in 2003. Recently, he was spared punishment on a technicality Mexican judge said, revered and not responded to the news written requests for information about the priest. After a recent mass would have become of Aggie-ers since his return to Mexico, the Cardinal said, I'm absolutely ignorant. He would not elaborate. That's the greatest line of history. Oh my God. Absolutely correct. Let me read that one again. After a recent mass would have become of Aggie-ers since his return to Mexico, the Cardinal said, I'm absolutely ignorant. He would not elaborate. I think he probably didn't need to, right? No, we don't. Oh, brother. 152 at 5. 60WC, mad dog from Iceland, if we didn't know that the beginning of the show, we could have been promoting like crazy. Can you imagine people from pillar to post and coast to coast together around her radio sets just like listening to Foster Hew and Hockey 9, Canada in 1932? Or something like that? Hey, let me tell you right now, if your carpets are a mess, there's one way to take care of it. And that is make one easy call to my good friends. It brought concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071. I've been using them in my house for several homes for over 20 years now, and wouldn't dream of calling anybody else because nobody comes close to the fantastic job they do for you. No games, no per room scams, none of that BS. They don't play games with it. They just do an unbeatable fantastic job. They give you guaranteed written price up front before they roll up their sleeves and and do that great job of drike-linier carpets. Same ideas, drike-linier clothing. In a couple of hours, your carpets are dry already. They smell limited fresh. They look in smell just like brand new, and you're ready to rock and roll again. So you really can't clean today and still entertain tonight. So what's not to like? Forget about opening up the yellow pages, and trusting your carpeting to some axe murderer. Forget about schlepping home that heavy equipment from the department store of the supermarket. Do the smart thing. But over 20 years continue with service in the south-load area. You know, you can always trust the folks at dry concepts for a stupid petage job on your area or your robs on your oriental robs. You're carpeting your poultry or your drapery all of these things. And when you call dry concepts and set up the appointment, be sure and tell me what to be on their stand by list, which can save you an extra 15% off their already unbelievable job. Here's their total free number. It's 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, or you can get more info about them on their website at dryconcepts.com. We're supposed to be in 5-6-1. You a-m. Let's up you some more prisoners. Make them scream nice and loud. Oh! Get me some wards and a fat-sleep pack. I don't care if they ain't from my rack to pee. You'd use to the torch. You're a fuzz bear, just plain their game. Oh! In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who's day. At beats... Two babies are a couple. They live really well. Wife mortality isn't yet changed. The Lord, they provided my double knee to rise of the Lord. You say, and say, is the one you get? Now they have only one day, day to rest. Don't forget that soon, darling. We've got it. That will help me and say, You've got it. We know what I can stop on. We've got it. We're used for fighting, darling. We say, none of the levels would take back here to do. And they didn't deserve a little home party, but they didn't breathe. You believe what they say, and they said, Like the God of the Lord, who has been in my reach. Let's carry a state to the world, and true. We've got it. We've got it. We've got it. We've got it. I have no right. Oh, you got it. Okay, almost the mad dog time from Iceland, no less is this Reykjavik, I'm assuming? I don't know. Because the only two cities in Iceland are Reykjavik and Keklamik. Anyway, pull the day. What's your take on Bill Clinton? He was much better than WF414. We had almost 900 votes today, not too bad. He's the greatest 275. He was an embarrassment 101. His ego is out of control 41. He has a nifty penis 26. He was weak 13, and he's trying to upstage curie, which at this stage of the game should be too hard. 11. Did John Kerry, is he still alive? Oh, go check. But let me ask you this. Yeah. How can you tell? Bye-bye! The more you show, I'm Iceland's only two years. My own boy learned it. Oh, my god, you're breathed, beautiful. Ow!