Follow me! Aaaaaah! I'll look at the bunching box. We don't got no civil rights. We are Asian-mearing part with a mention warrant site. Look at Bush and J.V.S. Highland, they must have been a trial. We're the democracy where are you? We believe, or gritty be, and basically we trust one of my sea. But we see each other every move to one strike. With the tragic end to point, our economy is in hot as the Saudis are in the price. If you pamper or insurance, then just go ahead and end up dying. Now we have a good word right away by every dardee's strike. We're the democracy where are you? I'm my child. It's 11 o'clock already. What is your last day? No poor ass. The sport play pre-thers day. He feels like we just started. So we're going to be talking like real fans. There's much of a motormorphers I usually am. It's just like richsenses. But we're looking at like that. So I guess, during, we have no problem with the fact that how we went along. Because obviously we've got some very serious issues. In fact, if he wants to go to the new tomorrow, to vent and get all of the sur. If you'd like a little preview of what he's going to be doing on Letterman next Thursday. If you'd like that story from FMQB in the post, it looks like it didn't. Didn't I tell you before anybody in the world before anybody anywhere? In fact, you heard it first here about Amendment 4 actually passed when everybody thought it was. And you also heard it here first. It's serious is negotiating really serious with infinity day one Howard now. Not day one, I'm sooner than later. And who knows who else they might want on one of their fine networks. So we're looking at that for anybody who may have missed. He must have been rambling about that all day I guess. I had no idea. We don't know because we know a lesson. 18 is itself in personal. We're busy about it. We're debating and preparing for our whenever we might come on here. That's 1882 votes on the poll. And by the way, you'll be pleased to know that the QN sales department is not the least but concerned with what's going to be on between six A and M and two P and they're concerned about ESPN's sports radio. And how we got you know they got Joe Rose over there and nobody else who means anything yet. Yeah. Well, can you imagine if they hit like a real power pack line up over there? What? What do you ask anybody? You're like with Joe Rose and Hank and MFO and you are old and Howard David. I said, the real power pack line up. 1882 votes on the ESPN's poll now that the election's over. What I want most from New York, you show is that's our second poll today. What do we do the first one yesterday? Are you a bit remembered yesterday? I forgot already. What I want most of the New York show is it's fine. The way it is, just fine. All we're fine. Because the way the vision of the board adds zoom to the top. And that's great if you're just licky. Licky, licky, if you're so good. 591 votes. One hand down. 31.4% of the audience say it's just fine right now. Which is so that's really a bluffing because generally speaking is some photo audience. A very crotchity and moody and belly aching and the move. We know like dance. Yeah. Very hard to play. But that's pretty good. Back to fun and games 443 will give it our best shot. Even though we can't play any of the fun stuff anymore, we can't make any five sounds. We can do an occasional raspberry. See that was like a real like one. Right. More politics 203. More politics. Like what? Did I mention Air Force dead again? But politics 201. More crazy colors also 201. Okay. So how could that be? So take a look at that more politics 203 and anything bug politics 211. So if I learned anything from this pool, no, but it was a great pool. More bedtime stories 145, which even yells not too happy about that. But what does he know? He didn't like Magnolia. It is. No colors 51. Fewer colors 18. No and the most amazing thing to me. This is shocking. No more bedtime stories. Abuse it last two. Only 16 and fewer bedtime stories. Only 13. Only 20 out of not nearly 2,000 people said that. Enough of the video is stuff on here. Tell me what? They're good. Yeah, but if the time to categories are well, if final way it is, I read a lot of stuff. That's right. Back to fun and games. I don't care. You're all over the place. You can use those every minute all the time. Okay. We just do the best we can. There plays a small slice. You know? Nothing like a small slice. Especially if it's carb free. It's going to whatever happened to that joint. Oh, we got so many stories in so little time. I'm going to do it a little bit today. I'm fucking just generally speaking. Oh, so little time. Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by. Fulvin' it, chapter 1, but I'll read you a first break. I'd like that. Thanks a lot, how we end Robin' in all of our good friends here in New York. That's right. Got this story from F.M.Q.B., in the New York Post, for anybody who missed this during show. Now those people are all listening to this during show. And those who don't care anyway, but they will care about this stuff because it's kind of interesting. And who knows how it might affect the entire radio landscape. And we got five copies of that story about private Ryan on it. We got this saving private Ryan story. Okay, I got about 80 different versions of it. We're supposed to want to see what I say today, which you don't have to keep passing. We got it. In fact, I'll use that one first just to try to make you understand. I mean, how could I necessarily that big? I mean, occasionally you can't get everything. But you know, give us a little bit of credit. Okay, not much. Scouring the internet to bring you the very latest and greatest. How about that Canton Harris story? Oh boy, what's that? I don't know. The 13 at 5.60 WQAM are you expecting guests? This Thanksgiving is not the turkey that makes the meals. Specialists of people make sure your guestly just as comfortable as you do by calling down on them at first our good post personal friends at 1-800-Mentras. Whether they planned weeks in a fancy dish show up knocking on your door without warning, like in a Hoha movie, you can get them just the right mattress on the very same day. Now, when you call 1-800-Mentras, you'll say that an additional 20% on select models, while supplies life. And you can choose from the top names in the business because they'd better malls. So you need service, him and King Croasters, but as foster and even tempered pedic. When you call 1-800-Mentras, you'll get same data delivery and like always you still pick the date and time for delivery. Any two are one of the different scheduled ones you want them to know. I'll actually show up there. Mighty proud of their 99.7 on-time performance. In fact, that on mattresses right number one in the world. In customer satisfaction or so good, they will need 2,000,000 for better business bureau, local torch of excellence award. Everybody around QAM including yours truly has been using that on mattress for long time because you've got to be a fool to waste all that time. Money and effort in the betting and department stores to get ripped off. When you can just sit there on your fat ass, make that one easy call for you and your holiday guests to take care of them. 1-800-Mentras, you can get more and more on their great website, mattress.com. But if you make that call right now, they'll be nothing on your door whenever you want as soon as today. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. 1-800-MATT-R-E-F. Let's be kind of that. Are we in curtain today? See, look at this, it's already 20 after 11, and we're just getting around the vista. This is great. Yeah, before we know it will be noon, we'll be 3-0 after that, we'll be like 1-30, and then Jill and Spalding, no relation to course to Alan Spalding from the guiding light and the entire Spalding family, which I noticed that Shulith has gone out the deep end again. I don't like that, Shul, but it's just a little snippet, a little bits and pieces before I watch passions and when that Shul is ready, everybody's just come on like that. It's losing it. Jill and Spalding, a former playboy model, she's lifted the lid on CD-6 sequence of front King Hugh Hefner, how do you like that? The stunning blonde revealed how 80-year-old Hefner found her the playboy empire holds twice-winkly pink pajama parties in his famous mansion. Is that like a surprise? Unless they look there, these are no innocent girly sleepovers, these are sorted orgy's, which sectors herms of girls have to pleasure their master. He's 80, and I wonder, did Kruppacam like space it out of a thing? Jill and 32 said, expected some strange things to happen there, but never my wildest dreams ever imagined how weird it was. He's got a book of course, it's easy to put on. I don't know what the name of the book is, I could look it up again, but who cares? Right. Do you care? No. Does anybody in the audience could go by the book? No, no. You're an inspiring. Okay, I didn't even see the picture yet. Well, I saw the picture down for a wet, I'm not a for many websites. I'm a for a boy, oh boy, those can't possibly possibly be real. That's what I mean. Maybe a little tiny part of Miss Real, but those things are like watermelons. Okay, let's take a look at you. See what I'm saying? Take a look at that. No, by. There are objects in space and outer space, flying around smaller than that. Oh my God. So there she is in all her splendor. Jill and Spolding, where would it help she is? Okay, let's get to the story that they're having on me all with them. How many copies of that story? I'm sorry to make you over the hand, we're not even starting yet. About saving private Ryan. This should tell you what's going on in your America. I've tried to tell you folks, but you wouldn't listen to me. Now you'll listen to Old Neil. There are five stead by the way. And Catherine Harris, oh, you don't want to hear about her. TV stations cancel saving private Ryan. Which is already done by the way a couple of times without any yet to do, but that was before the big breast flap, you know, before an erfor came to what senses and decided to march 50 to 100 years back in time. Many ABC affiliates around the country have announced that they will not take part in the networks veterans day airing tonight of saving pride Ryan saying they claim films violence and language could draw sanctions from the FCC. You a bunch of Spymeless coward bastards you. That is absolutely unacceptable. You're available right. The decisions market twist in the conflict over the aggressive stand the FCC is taken against the vicinity and profoundly since Janet Jackson flies to world a little tiny bit of booby during last superglow. We during last superglow have time show back in February. Steven Spielberg's Oscar win. I mean you talk about a country that's in a dark ages man about a bunch of people. You talk about moral values while we're butchering our offensive people. Little kids over there in Iraq based on a pack of lies. That sounds like moral values to me. You butcher as you may be asked with blood on your hands. But anyway, see words killed don't forget that. Right. And booby's. Bombs are fine, you know, bomb for freedom. Missiles bombs, grenades, things like that for freedom. But words. Oh, they're dangerous. Steven Spielberg's Oscar winning will be aired on ABC with relatively little controversy in 2001 and two. But station owners including several and large markets are unnerved that airing it tonight could bring federal punishment. The film includes a violence depiction of the D.D. invasion and profanity. Profanity. Oh no. Well in that case. It would clearly have been our preference to run them when we think it's patriotic and artistic tribute to our fighting forces. Raid Cole, president of Citadel communications told AP radio, the company owns the station in Des Moines, who's sitting in the Nebraska. Other stations choosing to replace them will be with other programming include and what's your deal with these markets are generally okay? W.S. B. TV in Atlanta. Got it? Got it. W. F. A. A. TV of Dallas. W. G. N. O. TV of New Orleans. W. C. P. O. O. Right wing Cincinnati. W. S. Y. X. C. Columbus. Oh, Ohio. W. I. S. T. V. Milwaukee with a have a lot of Nazis. W. S. O. C. And Charlotte North Carolina. W. E. C. N. N. E. W. Manchester. W. H. H. A. S. Louisville. TV that is W. H. S. radio bill. W. H. S. Anyway, K. E. V. E. O. Austin, Texas. They're owned by a variety company, including Cox television. Fibion broadcasting, Hearst, Argal TV, Bellow Corp and Sing Claire Broadcast Group. Sing Claire Broadcast, where Fisher, I'm going to put some important graphic. Click on her like that, Tommy Finkel, garbage, propaganda. We regret that the FCC, given its correct timidity and dealing in this area, would not grant an advanced waiver which would have allowed stations like our to run it without any question or concern. In a state that I W. S. B. W. S. B. TV's website, the Atlanta stations vice president general manager Greg Stone said the March ruling which the FCC said an excellent about it by Rockstar Bano during NBC's library. The two times three golden global was was both in decent and profane. See what they don't understand is it's not a work of art. This is a. It's a motion picture. It's a work of art. It's in there is partly context of the movie. Right as opposed to somebody just coming on like Bano and burning up, which is you know, ridiculous that they should have find that too. The agency made it clear then that virtually any use of the effort which is used repeatedly in saving private Ryan was inappropriate for over the year radio and television. They didn't say it was about satellite yet. The Bano case revert years of prior policy that the context of language matters Stone said he added that broadcasts could not get any clarification from the FCC whether to move the violates to standard. See they won't tell you they won't tell you we tried that at IOD well suppose we send you the material then you tell oh, or I would be prior restraint. We won't do that. Go ahead and try it and then we'll see if you can get away with it. Right it's like saying what we won't put speed limit signs up on a highway. Just go as fast as you think the speed limit should be never let you know whether we put your mind. Yeah. ABC which broadcast a film uncut uncut in 2001 in 2002 issue the statement saying it's proud of rock casted again. The network's contract with director's field where stipulates the film cannot be edited. I'll be real curious to see in fact. Let me turn on right now channel 18 WDW and Buffalo here. Okay, do we know what time is on tonight? No, I can't tell you. Where's the guy in this stupid ass thing. Okay, let me see the view is on right now. I don't want to go. No, you want to see the view? No, but Scar chose sure is losing weight. So look at that. Guess what's on at eight o'clock. Say, I'm going to be a TVW in Buffalo. Look at the ball narrate. Saving private run in Buffalo. How do you like that? They're going to take off from bowling. They're going to put on some nice white socks. Sit around and put kick back. Put their feet up on the coffee table and watch saving private run. Even with all that profanity and stuff in Buffalo, no less. As in the past, the broadcast will continue to probe it and clear advisories in Firmel guidelines as statement said. Several stations said ABC had rejected or requested it and will be after 10 p.m. In other words, they just have to put it on all that's how peeing in their pants. They're left to kind of environment that exists in your America today boys and girls. That's why Stern-Monsop broadcast radio. That's why anybody with a brain-Monsop broadcast radio because we can't play fart sounds. We can't joke around. We can't play most of our mature because the FCC are about to have freaking word Nazis is what they are now. The FCC's scope will be said yesterday that the agency doesn't monitor TV broadcast, but response to complaints. There you go. There you go. All you complaining types out there not to mention any voice specific. The agency received a complaint after the 2000s Monroe broadcast of the state in private run, but it was denied. WSOC of Charlotte said it received complaints about language in the movie with her dear in 2002. Now after much concern and discussion about family viewing over the past month, and when Americans are here across the world, it is the vivid depicted violence combined with graphic language proposed to begin to get a PM that has forced our decision to leave Armstrong, the state's diverse president and general manager in Charlotte. ABC is told it's a police that would cover any fines, but Cole said it else said that it would not protect the civilians against other FCC sanctions. The word police will get to a baby. They're happy when it comes to the police. On 560, they will be killed. The police will be killed. Half a legal language I hear home to you, baby. Every noble word is said to the team. The police have been afraid of cable was a whole lot worse, but now the networks left there at this current. There's a winner's life to please consider the team. All the died of the continued profanity. The swear and like a spanner on a three-day pass, words all of words to the staff. FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, F FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, eh, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOM FOMF, FOMF, FOMF. FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF FOMF FOMF, FOMF FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF FOMF, FOMF, FOMF, FOMF A big opponent. Well, there's lies in Manoli. She's being sued. I can't. Yeah, for forcing some maghada Have a sex with her. Where did I have this my story? Oh, no, this is really bad It's the most important thing that a whole show and all it looks like it's Vanishing to failure. I think it's a comedy pink or plot if you ask me I'll find it Anyway, here's the poll for today and the reason now we're gonna do a thing about Right station, Blue State mentality, and you convinced me that would be a bad idea. I mean, what's the point? Not with this crowd. We know what's the hard crowd? Which should be a blue state mentality so I might even waste our time with that blue one blue Now where's the story about the oh here it is. Oh, thank the Lord man. Thank God. Oh, good. I can lose that Anyway, the pool where are you originally from now a lot of people say well, what kind of a survey is that? Well, it's because of this whole two-country deal. Blue State Red State, right? Right, isn't that what it said red light green light blue state red state Danny and Jimmy Mr. H and Baby I love that Why do I get fired in case you don't realize it? No, I don't have to talk Wayne into letting and go Right Mr. H, what a joke then is on damn rain. Oh, since it often suck, but we'll get to that also 133 votes Well, my votes people in there where you originally from blue state 66 which are proudly saved watchers Turnier or baby are very blue state as blue as it gets New York state all upstate New York a little bit on the pink ocean, but yeah You need gay gay blue state 66 red state 46 now, of course red state could be Florida right right a lot of people a born and Florida They can't help it Right right right right right right state other than Florida and but we're not gonna do that because that that that would that's not the point of the whole thing Great, what is the point of the whole thing kill turn Cuba 12 Tell people born and Cuba Wow In this crowd no less than I listen in W QBA and WRHC and W. A Yadi Adi Adi I know speaking in ways by the blue Canada for I can't believe that we got four people born in Canada I booted Europe free other Latin America to and Asian none well, what how's that possibly? If nobody was born in Asia, oh get around get on there get whether what is wrong? What is wrong with you, man? I go through you two you Indians Are you starting again with their good friends at the seminal Indian cuz you're nose Indians the Asian Indians now good life Asked him to worry about them. He'll tell you why they smell like that. Another very nice people. Yeah Yeah Indian people from India. They're very fine people like ugly feet very nice people They're not all ugly. We're wrong a little ugly feet a lot of me feet. I never I never saw an idiot persons feet I've seen other parts, but never saw their feet never got better for her now I mean feet are fine, but I'm not you know obsessed with feet like some people I know Now do I want to do the steering stuff or not? I guess I'd better because we have a lot of people out there that may have missed Howard this morning You're going to listen to his show or it don't care, but I think that there's so much more to this story than just the You know the stern element of it Howard Stern is taking his serious satellite radio pitch to via comms later with David Letterman Stern said this morning that he's confirmed an appearance for a week from today next 3rd day of February 18 the appearance could not be confirmed with later with the time of the report you better bet the Greg's life on it He'll be on there next week market down As for Stern's simmering relationship with infinity broadcasting the New York Post says Stern was out of his job now And it's looking more and more like those who picked an early date in the office pool for the end of Stern's morning show on Trust real radio are going to be winners now. What does that mean for the future of WQAmen our morning show now that we walked into another jackpot He started August 16 if my man was correct. It's only November the 11th So let's he's a member. I hope we only had Stern on for three months and already He's maybe any day now and you notice at the end of the short every day this we'll see it tomorrow Maybe not hear someplace else Wow Stern's outright discussed where his infinity appears and behind the scenes maneuvering that surrounds his waning tenure It becomes regular vision is becoming more contentious Stern started his show this morning by railing on infinity president and COO Joel Hollander calling him a maggot Before WSRK New York General Manager Tom Kusano entered the studio to curb the conversation Telling Stern this is in the place to personalize it. I'm always reading about how Kusano comes in in the middle to show. I never heard a such a thing I don't I don't get that they'd like programming in the middle of the show on a year The GM only made matters worse as Stern said Hollander screwed me yesterday was not it was no male Carmason is never gonna be he's not fit to kill his shoes. One thing about Mel when he shook my hand at was the deal Stern said he later lamented my Mel is gone. It's time for me to leave Stern spent 30 plus minutes Stop turning me on read between the lines conversation with Kusano Robin Kriber's an already laying over the future of his show I put a lot of hours in this company since Stern at one point Everyone of my deals here has been pleasant everyone's had always been above board and honest with me when a guy calls up my agent and says I don't care if we agree to something I'm going back on it. That's ridiculous Don't be a dishonest personal need as all I ask her got screwed over my whole career by dishonest businessmen. Oh some of us can relate to bad how he I'm asking for two things Stern played on your agreements in two Let's keep the show running keep it strong so that our advertisers have lots of listeners and everybody flourishes if that's unreasonable Take me to the radio police Stern promised that what he couldn't talk about directly on his radio show he would take the letterman show and discuss there When Kusano pointed out the appearance would still be on a via com property Stern counted with Letterman's no fan of Icon trust me. I've had private conversations with this guy It wouldn't reveal the details of those talks but said Letterman's not a happy camper for a bunch of different reasons. How do you like that? man It says Stern is worth as much as a hundred million dollars to infinity, but the company recently made a clear that it considers him only a small part of He via com media empire infinity and serious defined comment a little serious CEO Joe Clayton told enlist last month They have stern contract buyout is indeed a possibility How do you like that? He said how are cities being peppered by legal letters and threats from via com lawyers and elsewhere around the country He shows being heavily censured by infinity via com's radio unit of course by the dump button theory Jimmy Kimmel wrote me that they're crashing the show in LA cutting pieces out and putting in more commercials than ever He said I'm like do it. I'm out of here. So let them do whatever they want Then incredible he says you want to pay me off. Let me know you know I'm paying me off I'm here for the duration that's what you say so a whole big contract with Hanseh I told you to clear theory originally that series is a talking very serious to infinity about buying him out and of course from our stand point our perspective It's you way in what do we do then? As once more we have egg on our post my god almighty. I want you have to see it that way Well, if I can who we could put on in the morning? Who fit in perfectly with all I dig on our face how about omelette? Theacağım brought you by the Church of Latter-day sickness. Forty-glune in five, so you see, four-teeth-glune, one. Holy moly, Ramman, if he was like, we just got started here. Oh, we could do this every day. Yeah. For a while. Oh, here's a lonely call on here. We've had a grand bit before they changed their mind. Give it to you, QAM. QAM. You're it. And that was our one call. I thought we were going to get a really important call on there. Maybe we just waited too long, you think? Five, six, seven, five, 60. I don't understand how come we're not getting some of the stern people calling in Thomas. He was Ramling onto a love-to-focus morning. After that's too rare. I just read the two stories from FMQB in the New York Post. Do you think we begin looking a little sparyport? A little bit of action, wouldn't you? Maybe we just don't have any cross over. Pound five, 60, and a Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WQA in, hello. He knew most not to be on today for GM, is he? No, next Wednesday. Because he was on yesterday. Who was on? No. Get out of here. No, I mean, it was almost like when I go to 610 to get news, and I hear rush on there. Nobody told us about that. Are you aware that Mo was on for Mad Dog yesterday? Nope. Nobody ever told us? No, well, he was on there, and there was some boring interview. So I had a question. Ah, I don't know. No, it says here, GM Mad is, but who don't know is, if they're not, they're not even telling us what the schedule is anymore. That's a kind of communication we're getting at. Well, we spent no next week, not to tune in. Next, let me do a double check here to start. Next, when, oh yeah, it's actually crossed out here. It says, Mo Howard David, I did a several Vs on it. Next, what does it say? OK, well, you're this a lady collar, big fan, and I'm joined the show as always. Thanks. OK, by Neil. See, as I'll say how to how he for you. 560, 560, 560, and Brian, I mean, they wanted a lot more great goofy colors on here is what they wanted. It was part of it, and then were people who wanted them on this. They wanted them. They wanted, they wanted a lot. They wanted. They wanted. They wanted free. Of course, we wanted. They are covered with those brilliant pictures. We wanted to have this. Because the copy of all those funny bits and said it to our house and delivered to our door and for free. And like, give us a $50 bill while you're at it. OK. W2A and hello. You guys are saying you're good. I was saying you're good. W2A and hello. Hi, Charlie. I was going to talk to you about you. I mean, we need you on the year today. OK, he was not actually yesterday. I can't believe that. Absolutely. Nobody told us about it. W2A and hello. QAM. I mean, maybe more than the bottom of our last night. Yeah, boy. That was a great good. W2A and hello. QA. Yes, yeah. What's up, buddy? How are you doing, Charlie? I'm fine. You know, and go over. It's a big fan. OK, good. W2A and hello. Wait, I wanted nobody was going to say. I didn't. QA and hello. Oh, good. I don't want you to know. What was great. We're doing a voice by the way. Yes, sir. I wanted to. Great. And there is one. There is some good news. I'm going to show you. I am an office every day. And I'm trying to be sure to get an example. The one bad thing was every time you did play a fart sound. If that was certain, uh, resonance. Yes. I'm on my boss. Maybe I'll turn off your show. And I'm going to go to the list. Now, the public view show and an office. That's the one good thing I came about. There's nothing wrong with that. And that was those parts sounds in your office, man. Right. But do you want to have a gas problem now? I'm talking to you. Are you going to stuff that? Hey, well, it depends on what you do. OK, good luck, you fell. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. See, I told you we get some good people on here. The sound side and the onion. Although it is, it looks how fast we're moving along. Right. Good, got me, Miss Maud. If this is great, you're right. One more to his long steering shows. WQA and hello. Hey, how's it going now? All right. Great shows always. Listen, I'm pulling about a few things that do a good browser firefot. Right. Firefots. No, I think I did it for you. You have to buy it now. I'm on. I don't think it was on. I don't know. I'm on. I'm on. Yeah. I'm on. Mozilla. Right. You got to buy anything. I've already installed it yesterday. I've been using it watching it. Looking at it. Did it with it? It was a child. They gave you a child, Harriet. Well, what? 24 hours? I think it's probably probably four couple of weeks, but they didn't. Yeah, you have to buy it. I think it was 40. 41? 40 bucks a year? 40 bucks and that's it. What's the big deal with that? So what's the old Gordon putting your bucks? You haven't counted. There's nobody going to end up stupid lottery tickets. Get with it. See what I just got through. Send only more. Let's go by second power's in. Why for free I turn you on to a great alternative to Bill Gates and that awful Internet Explore thing that's so slow and Congress has got all those viruses and popups and spam and what am and ham man This guy man And so saying thank you Neil for turning it down to fire fox even like George never even heard of it before right before Let's me fall coming back with Mo and me fall for that morning show Well if you're a little bit impulsive you know how those things happen like real fast Wouldn't that be something what will we do then? And now that we've been spoiled with this coming out like a 10 40 and we'd be officially starting to show what 11 or after 11 like this morning Whatever they decide to finish the idea. We're gonna go back to 10 And do four solid hours every day. I think that's outrageous. Don't you that's not acceptable? Maybe maybe you know we open negotiation for considerably higher amount of cash W2AM hello There he is. Somebody to QN hello. I like that the conversation about okay, good W2AM hello with yourself QAM hello All right, I had a radio accident this morning down the valley You know that kind of like the meat should progress small yeah even he was redoing a bit that used to play the soul We're even the sofa king couldn't yeah Yeah, he's like a Monday. I mean we had a spy report. He and like I said he's the most the worst ripoff artist shameless totally shameless The biggest no talent copy cat right Where did you know you know you talk about a name drop or that's the guy Drop moves the dog and me if a sawgrass meal. I never got a guy. I haven't been the sawgrass milling years and this guy You know I'm a ripoff artist a piece of turd who's got his head so far for extensions as Oh, everybody Exactly Thank you so much. I met dog after this coming to real reason with regards to my entertainment yes I'm wrong right download is free which we all did down right free But if you want to buy the disc and the guidebook it's 14 now What do we need to disc in the guidebook? Oh, of course just without a lot of Touchman you don't need the disc or the guidebook. It's got probably too stupid a download the thing off of you You can just download or write there on their site for crying out loud as free downloads The reader hits read the effect of I'm using it now and they haven't requested any money indicates to me that's FR I'd like you should be loving it in Florida, man. That's all that he's favorite in Florida is free. I wanted free Like it will bagged it but the craft free salad dressing at times This is a house through store after the million times as long as I let nobody believe this story any place else And the girl if they check out counter if they had published She's she's you know putting the answer to the scanner and she starts to take the salad dressing And they only he says oh wait a minute. You're gonna isn't that free. It's just free on the label I got something free for you. I need about my foot way up your ass. You silly old bag God Everything in Florida's got to be free. It's got to be a bargain. You got to get a big discount Sounds awful Jewish to me But you ain't hello Yo, no, yes, sir new Jewish holiday, but we're not gonna get into that number one fucker fucker What you're telling me? I was gone don't you know yeah, we know he'd done for the first third time today is your veterans day by the way Definitely so and I am to watch private Ryan It's gonna be I'm glad you mentioned that WPLG channel 10 is nobody since we get that we know Oh, let me tell you something though anybody my dad was there and when he saw the movie He flipped he said it brought back memories. He didn't want you know He wanted to be the craft out of me for making those use of movies But on the other point fire back a little bad memories like those true things the John Kerry told the public that we have to beat him up for telling us the truth right Oh, yeah, oh, this is Robert by the way. I send you all that neat stuff The most of your on your website. Thanks. We appreciate it more than words can say and I will Continue sending in when I become George's Middle East correspondent because I'm moving out of this place really three more months I'm heading back to Israel word safe is your Oh, I live I live there. Oh, no, no, I live there for a long time Very long time my wife from there. I Served in the military there. I still serve in the reserve It's not like you call sometimes and I'm we could keep it. I mean keep it Well, that's what you know sometimes thinking that airfact grain is gonna have to be God Is because it's gonna come a public urinal and then how come all the never spit all that time? Showness the flagbed coffin of yes or I'm a fart all this morning for hours and hours and hours and yet to flagbed coffins of our American soldiers that are coming back We aren't allowed to see those Well, you know something I was watching a news today and every you know this morning where I woke up a five in the wrong saying era fat Decided to stop terror in 1988 He did that in English. He sure didn't do a narrow bit He would bring in for G. Hop 24 seven in Arab and but It is the only reason they're showing his coffin is because he's going to be buried to get a coffin which is the not what they usually do The area is that in Jerusalem. Yeah, it's gonna very many Egypt The few old and Egypt is going into a mall into the trash. Oh, you really going into a mama Who can I say I started clearing away the cars to last night the day before his meetings here about the aerial surveillance I'm gonna poison putting the gave the airfights. It seemed to work really well Why the face of two died for me? Good luck to your Robert any time deal. Okay There are all kinds of rumors about why he died there are far he died He died the third time two times a charm Don't let me forget when we come back hidden tragedies and help with city this girl will make you weak If you've had any else you humanity in your body whatsoever a person is proud now why did I sure the longer we already Working ahead I'm doing a spot here Am I Don't I You Your car you love it you need it and you want a protective but how You find the club you tried low jack you even put your trust in the wood the alarm system that came with your car But where did it get you Now the answer is here with the Palestinian car a lot It's a sound that you'd wake the dead and it sure is heck well, wait the neighbors So palestinian car a lot of works because it's not a mechanical device. It's a genuine Palestinian and boy is real arm The Palestinian car alarm not only sounds as sternling alarm It also uses verbal messages to ward off would be intruders you are your fault Have you been for six the Palestinian car alarm will make them pay the ozone at price I won't make me part of the home rent time for you What do you have got some sets trip boy the Gaza strip do me the power standing in color Come on to a five sixty double two and two hundred ninety two people are chipped in on the pole Where are you originally from it's all exciting it doesn't require an opinion on your part It just requires a moment of effort on your part because it's kind of Marginal interesting red and blue right red and white and blue Loose date hundred thirty six red state one or two but I'm assuming many of those are Florida when you I don't want to find out because I would make it less interesting Other light in the American nineteen like me, and I want to my lap and I'm on Columbia and a flailer right right whatever you want Mexico Bolivia Peru Argentina Brother Anyway Other Other Latin America is now got twenty past Cuba 19 only 19 originally from Cuba That's because all the old Cuban fire service in the most speeding blaze a key see Canada nine Europe seven and Asia we finally got one out of but first 200 votes Whatever there one You believe that What is this busy man or busy there? You know that they gotta stay busy. That's how the Chinese made all in babies So I hear line nine WQA and hello hello Yes, what are you up to what are you doing pal? The guest house at the eighth term and bigger problem the after a five died to the eighth time yeah That's incredible every day he died as you really did what you got for his pal. I mean that much What did I ever know nothing? WQA and hello No, this is good a sucker reunion every miss fit in last couple days yesterday Listen Stern he's making his move Everybody needs a shark water eye and hot Yeah, because this is regular rain that they're chopping the top two weeks every day now It's finished it's like that's one and you got you got a large market You need to go ahead and take care of yourself everybody's honest. He's helping ship You need to get him if that's Parker's thanks man. Okay. I got to see you Yeah, I said yes, they all inquiries are being made for Yeah They've extended the a feelers everybody in a brother's only feelers to me not that they have people are too I'm seemed to be interested or care and least, but that's fine with me because it's be wasted time anyway They've burned their bridges. You know, how's that? They tell the employees don't burn your bridges well in their case They burn the bridges they are disgusting and grow test and Yeah, you can't do business with little children or people to be here like emotional cripples I can't I can't and I won't I've had the last day of my life ruined by people who be here like Embezzles. I know you're right. I should write the book No, they probably don't have to be an efficient list because nobody would believe the stuff that goes on there Oh, the great ones to know Heck, great ones to inform us They're great is all upsetting. You know management through temper tantrums Hidden tragedies in helpless city. Oh, this story is so but it's just a little teeny tiny slice You see you don't get the real news on your American media. What you get is propaganda. That's what you get And even though this story is very depressing keep in mind that throughout history all those people who talk about We got the moral values and got us on our side all the other crap They've always been very enthusiastic about killing the Infidel people right the infidels They don't burn anybody who believes they can crap the native and it's really kind of ironic because We kept hearing about the Islamic fanatics The perpetrators of 9 11 and all the other grotesque terrorists acts at the last 20 years or so and The fact that all they want to get all the infidels Well, that's what the moral values crowd the red stables in America want to do it just different crowd of people culture life people Right Mohamed Abu'd said he watched his nine-year-old son bleed the death of Philadelphia home yesterday Unable to take him to a hospital is fighting raged in the streets and bombs rained down My son got trapped on a stomach when our house was hit at dawn, but we couldn't take him for treatment Submistor Abu'd a teacher We buried him in the garden because of a two-daying risk to go out Residents say scores of civilians have been killed or wounded in 24 hours of fighting since US Lead Forces pushed deep into the rebel held city Dr. Sawley 15 dead civilians of the main clinic in Falugia on Monday But by yesterday that when oak clinics open in no way to come casualties US and Iraqi forces seized control of the city's main hospital across the afraidy's river from Falugia proper hours before the onslaught began US bomb barbons hit a clinic inside the Suni Muslim city killing staff and patients Residents said US military officials denied the claims because they lie about they always denied When US forces stormed Falugia in April they pulled out several weeks later Partly as a result of widespread outrage at civilian casualties Sammy El Jumali a doctor and a Falugia hospital said the city was running out of medical supplies There were scores of injured civilians and no surgeons he said by Falugia from a house where he'd gone to help the wounded a 13 year old child has died My hands he said Weekend air raids destroyed a clinic funded by an Islamic relief organization in the center of Falugia the US defense secretary Though a dollar rumsfeld who lies like crazy said on Monday he didn't foresee large numbers as a victim casualties But those words were a little comfort to the Abu'd family sitting in a house damaged by the bomb that killed her child Do nine-year-old son You see when you put it like in human terms, which is why they don't want you see the flag-grade coffins of the Americans again kill I put in human terms. It's not palatable to people have any conscience whatsoever Stop and think about one of your kids getting killed Because he just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time because a bunch of invaders decided they were gonna impose some form of government on you What you wanted or not well they should live a cactus that's true Those evil doers the little a nine and 13 year old kid should have attacked his own quote us to be terrorists 30 There's no question about that they probably would have been suicide bombs even though we're supposedly there to Freedom and the bottom part of the country They're just part of that pain in the escalator dynamic because war is hell and anybody Let me say again we supports this madness and you people in the media may new people ought to be in jail Forget about how incompetent you are you people ought to be in jail For being co-conspirators air media and I noticed they brought out a clean change now the first couple of days of week was Operation Falugia blood math and it was Operation something else And now we don't even have that anymore because well, you know they have they control 70% of the city Right of course the evil doers they're all gone but and then one day one day You're talking to his head on last night mean you have to be a genius to figure that talk about Road test military planning He said you know when you announce a month ahead But the timing of when you're gonna come in and launch this attack Yeah, you don't have to be a genius to figure out that's the time that everybody bells out Right Guess what right after the American elections when it's not politically dangerous have all those dead American soldiers That's what we're coming in so if you want to get out of do it now, and they did That's what the city's basically on her ghost town is if it was pinned the ass or collateral damage people Right, just they couldn't get out. This is booby traps that were carried outfully yeah booby traps like what we got on our website that error's not too clear about At least 19 die and bagged Ed car bombing Suicide car bomb attack today is killed at least 19 people and heavily damaged her front so the busy commercial district was sent to a bag that 15 others were wounded me take oh and by the way How come we're not hearing about all those Iraqi soldiers that were taking hostage to see when you watch CBC and a BBC and a PPC in the LA Or you see stories that they're sure they give stuff that's going on. It's really nasty and bad not so great Carmy propaganda not come on here anymore about those 35 American soldiers that were taken hostage Shut up and about they three you were right It was three brothers of Iat alawi who were a kidnapped and are being threatened with the off of the head Also 25 cars were destroyed and burned and 20 shots and buildings were damaged in the explosion But don't forget everything's going very well. Oh, we're fine. That's what the screen he'll say Oh, there's the new us logo there. I'd see it in the fight for Iraq as opposed to operation the little blood The impact of the blast left the hole on the ground about three meters deep and four meters wide The attack shook on as your square near Sadoon street 11 35 a.m. 3 30 a.m. our time This morning and capital's rot rassapa district today's explosion came with a after a car bomb that made a new an emergency police patrol in eastern Baghdad That would kill at least seven people and wounded three police officers Also, when you are soldier was killed another injured when they after an army 1st infantry division patrol was hit by roadside bomb near Balad north of Baghdad And the slaughter just goes on and on and I thought there was like mission accomplished in you That's right. They saw that that was all over I thought that the military phase the fight in the Diane phase I thought that was all over with months and months ago What a present came on there with a funny ballooning outfit. Yeah looking like a clown. Well, that's typical And your close personal friend Doug Thompson who I said daily article the rant on your very favorite website capital Hill blue I'm gonna read this very short column by him when we come back from the break. I don't want to do a lot of reading here today I'm gonna say one two Since we're citizens. We got a very short show today Now that stern is making other plans, maybe even sooner than rather sooner than later Bush's goal destroyed what's left of America See one thing about that Thompson if he really just you know, it wouldn't be so him It would be come on the real Say what's on hold For He in the middle of the summer house in the morning of the year we are going down including you to the place of the best you all the same to be you succeed and go and go in a dream you're here you're down you're in a prison way of life where you're down in your sister you're alive you're through all the old all the old and your mother's sister you're alive you're talking about the great divide look at Paul bars you stayed 175 rest day 1 24 21 other light in the market 22 Canada 12 Europe 9 and Asia 2 we got an Asian pier Doug Thompson the rant from capital blue says Bush's goal destroyed was left of America it's very short right to the point that we'll take about a thousand of those great calls that we know and love that's the not oh yeah I'm strapping myself into those I'm strapping myself on the gullible moment I thought maybe just maybe George W. Bush might learn something from the division in damages and flip it on this nation over the last four years but the line some of a bitch has learned a damn thing you'll take the next four years and complete his mission of this story what once was the greatest nation on earth Bush proved this Wednesday may replace him one head of a US constitution with another nominating right wing zealot Alberto Gonzalez replaces headmassy John Ascroff is attorney general Jesus Christ what a no stunning I am Lord of all things moved by and help and on the strife a little freedom we have left in this nation Gonzalez is white house counsel wrote the infamous memo that said US soldiers in a market and not have to follow the rules of the Geneva convention a memo that the memo that led to the those in charge of the war to think prisoners could be tortured abuse and humiliated like it Abugar red this is the same Alberto Gonzalez who caused the constitution an outdated document who advocates holding Americans without cause into minicato without any rights to counsel or freedoms that used to be taking for granted tell could I have been so gallamless to believe W. would hurt anything from the election what the hell was I thinking Bush is and always will be a desperate a tower to could very well destroy our republic that is good for 200 plus years he calls a 51% victory the presidential election a mandate and cleans the as political capital that he'll spend the mold america it was image which means every right wing fruit take idea that he and his looney tunes party can ram through congress and send a 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue for his rubber stamp during the next four years Bush in stacked the supreme court with his kind of ghost stepping justice to carry out his mission to destroy the constitution and set a mark of back into a curton age where her heretics are hung the sentient is banned and free to make this expendable and while he and his co-leads destroy america from within hundreds crash thousands more americans will die in his war of lies in a rack sadly there is much we can do about it except resist whenever possible and pray that america can survive for more years with bush at the home maybe those who oppose his tyranny can rise up and put him up for public and other congress in midterm elections in 2006 to return some balance to government for these are the same people who gave his john kiri so i wouldn't bet the farm america faces many dangers from its enemies and the number of enemies we face increases daily because of bush's reckless actions but america faces no greater danger of enemy than the pull-popping heretic who occupies 1600 Pennsylvania right why does he come out and say what he really thinks yeah be in a big up on a bush or speak of that lies in the early accuses sexual harassment third greater and zero sort of charge with sex crime women alleged boss bank and for areas we get all these fine stories and of course as one call or a great for the other show yesterday give it the heads up on this muslin convert can't even get peace of warden rom come on how many we wanted to blow up that peace train after all not probably think about that one in spain 20 of pebern pebern no interes c sh the boardfish, the other is joining the Marines apparently. Yeah right. But I just heard right now. I heard American. Okay, tell us another, Tennessee. We'll find out. WQM hello. We're from Canton, Lampher. 560. This is maybe the best one she calls me head in a coup d'ay, done this show, man. The long time since we've had a run like this. This is great. 560. 560. And Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WQM hello. Yeah, which much come all would be safe to pick. WQM hello. Hi, pick up from that. WQM hello. We've been for time. Yes sir. Come on in the air. Is that the sound's just like you or your twin? Yeah, what do you think? The S510 VR during the year, commercial breaks, and that's what happens. Hey, I just want to say you're... I don't understand what does that mean. I just didn't realize what you guys were back on the air taking a toll. How do we are? Here we are. And on it. This one at the same. You're being a curtain girl today. Yeah. Looks like maybe she's got an infection there. An infection? Doesn't it look like that? I don't know. It's not. That's what sounds to me like you've got something to the infection. 560, and all 560, pound 560 and all the light is lining. These are the finest. These are our labors. Call up. See? Let's get in there for some of this post-election trauma. And you know, the tremendous... The tremendous, the reaction, that's true. I read about what's really going on in a fludger. tremendous response. These people are very, very sorry. They repent. They hope that the spirit of Christ will excuse them for being participants in this glove bag, they feel bad, it'll be over. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Speaking. Meal, yeah, sure I heard about the pistol, the for real. Yeah. Yeah. They joined the police right there. And? Oh, I'm sorry. And are they going to talk to you, rank? Are they going to react to fight? Supposedly they go on the door and act to fight for my life. Yeah, right. Okay. They're going to fight over you. Who's going to get to wish upon? WQA and hello. Yes sir. I got a pop on me voice. Oh, just relax now. Okay, I'm on top of it. I can go to the police house. And these between now and two, we have to take a lot of short calls because we have a limited amount of time today. How we went to 11.07 this morning. In case you missed. And also a lot of response about that, too. I don't know where those people are. Because I'm sure he must have been writing and reading about that seriously. Most of the morning from the little drift that I picked up there toward the end, toward the Ascend. WQA and hello. John, yeah, what's up? Yes sir. I was looking to some door guns A and last night's savage. And he was playing this video at least. Why we're going to say that Michael Sabba? Well, the only thing on late night now, she's going to throw up like you're opposing points of you to fight out her inform they might be. And he was playing this bit at this producer put together all these different power systems and voting the name of God. And I got this step. Yeah. He got so discussed with you. He just vanished from the face of the earth. Oh God. What's up, is that? I have no idea. I think they's active pal. I think the talk show police is active. WQA and hello. New God. Yes sir. How you doing? All right. Couple things. Hey, yesterday's a feeding curtain girl terror eating. What was going on with her nipple? So you were in a square of miles over and find out. WQA and hello. You know. Yes sir. That story read about big papalaya and all those red states that he's that won't carry it. Yeah. It's all in the beginning now. So it's all the time to begin. This is the beginning. This is the beginning. This is the beginning. This is the beginning. This has only checked. This has been going on for several years. Now even before this subwish must have got in there. We were a band time story and hook up very thin and take in text books out of school because it texts their sex education class. They didn't even have barely even mentioned contraception in there. Because that's evil man. That's bad. And the cat puts your soul like it. And then we got that whole thing in Georgia. They were in Congress. Georgia. And he said this is just the beginning. And finding people see this is the chilling effect that it has when you have a government agency that just has cartpliced to do whatever they just made it up as they go along. Oh, you showed a nipple for a 19 to the second. We're going to find you a half of a minute dollars. Based on what? Well, we just made it up because we're pissed off in America's furious about it. That's seen. That's part of graphic. The fact that all these men women and innocent children are getting blown to bits and like all the bloodbath that's going on. That's that's courageous in the heroic man. That's you know. That's fine. We've got to get the impadels and whatever it takes to do it. We're going to do it. In fact, I say send a bushloaders right to the front of the line. Georgia, you're the one who's brought your best glucy-blade. On five seconds. You need a band. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. When they're all riling, diling, sure he isn't where and where and where. To tell you if you like your job that you give him all of that dance. And if you tell the old riding, you're not looking to be kiss. You're through the pants right off you. And all you ain't extortion is, the smooths all the backers fare and balance. For some when he calls at night, he's looking for a lesson. Who likes it a little too, who's a rife. Back home. When they're all riling, morning, sure he ain't the noose in the song. So when they're all riling, diling, you best not take up your calls. So turns out the worst girls are going to be doing some reasons. That's when you were. Okay. Con 31 at five, 60WQA, and lies in the L.A. Accuses, essential harassment. The former bodyguard and chauffeur to lies in the L.A. Accuses, the singer are forcing him to have sex with. They're in a seeking more than $100 million damages according to court papers on C.O.D. Accuses pay from XCAMPELY that Moe was on yesterday. Nobody told us about it. No kidding, police. We can do it. Give the audience a advance warning. It's the least. According to a six page complaint file, the man had in Supreme Court, Mohammed Sumaya said that without his consent, he was forced to have sexual relations with Maneli. $100 million sounds like a minimum. Can you even begin to amaze? I don't want to. Maybe 50 years ago. I believe they she's probably a maggot magnet. Ooh. He said he finally succumbed to her advances after many repeated sentence evidence of a relationship but offered no to tell this complaint. A spokesman from Inelegly was not immediately available for common unrelated charges to surface publicly in the civil suit. It was proud against the entertainer last month by Sumaya who also brings it was beaten by Maneli and subjected to her wages. An infidated November 3, it was also once he audited it. Maneli said she will vigorously defend herself against the charges and says to Maya that she or a great deal of personal distress and pain by violating a confidentiality agreement he had signed. Grapegative had been addressed. The allegations made by Sumaya about being forced to have sexual relations with her. He was hired by Maneli 94 as a personal bodyguard and assistant and paid manual salary of a mere 238 grand. He once 50 million in from Maneli for her intentional assault and battery, another 50 million for sexual harassment and 89 granted back wages. In his complaint he said throughout his employment and only hit and assaulted him repeatedly but during loss of his lucrative job he tolerated her violent outbursts. Maneli's estranged husband David Gest is pursuing her for 10 million also thinning the singer beat him during drug and rages. Maneli's denied beating him and counter-suited him to her outload of him. Or she's a real problem as a liar. Wow man oh man. Sam kind of torn because I got a full bunch of good stuff here and they want these bedtime stories but they also want more crazy calls you know. I'll take it one thing we shouldn't have wasted any time did we? Look. You tell us you want it and we get it. 567560 pound 560 out of Verizon singular wireless line. We have that one lady calling very, very early on I think that'll be it. Don't you? Probably. Yeah. WQN hello. I want your nail. Yes sir. I do. Yeah just want to recommend a brief book which you read by everybody about this the opportunity that we're into right now and that's the handmade sale but Margaret at what either read the book or read the movie. Okay. Very well this. I hope you offer see that book which was precipitated by the tax by Muslim extremists. Yeah. That's a prophetic it was. Sound of a great amount of that to peanut care of manual yeah. There you go. Another great book. He can't happen here by singer Lewis is written in the 30s about the why American fascism. Both novels. Both great books. You may want to make that a whole question one day when a book or movie. Best represents or current political climate in 1984. One of those is the interest of your people think. Or how about saving private Ryan. Yeah there he is. Okay. I agree by all the things. Okay. saving private Ryan. Huff a very thin time story or all of these things man. Evolution. All of these comedy pick up plus. All of the seedness to garbage man. We got to get back to you. God. That's what we have to do. Get back to the Lord. Get back to all that mumbo jumble and the Bible of course all the punting on which Bible you have to do with it. Get back to all that crapies and crapies man. The robes and the writers and the rosary beads and the wait for us in the crucifixes and all of this crap. All of this nonsense. All of this silly ass stony garbage by the flatterous society. And people are killing each other. We're now like a heavens and say first made any of this crap up. God. All mighty. Put those in the name of that Bible. That we got. Oh the Rappenbuff. Oh the Rappenbuff. Oh yeah. The Rappenfree can Bible. That's why I'm then the Lord say let there be light and will. There was light from the same people who brought you to the much below. Talking Bible comes a new 10th argument saying brilliantly updated for the 80s. Yes, it's the Rappenbuff. It was dark. Can't be weird in the man say lay in the life. Who's the day that you can adopt them to it? There's no doubt on the 7th day. They just show how to the 6th. Get a dream beginning of death beginning of death. Finally, the good book is back. And you're here. That's it. And I'm going to start up. And tomorrow everybody party night. No tomorrow. God will dance it now. But don't look back or you turn to your heart. So the people started to dream the count came up and make that see. The signal signal of the signal of the imagine all the song, all the perivones. Every secret difficult word. Interpreted by the side of the fucking empties of all time. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. So Rappenfiber. Making his word fresh again. 24 till one at five sixty w two and my schedule says, I'm in janitid to two o'clock. So if it's well-haired neighborhood, somebody else don't play must. We're just going by the schedule. Of course they're not given as much information anymore because we're bad people and we're like, you know. Soon we'll be on the outside. Third grade or insert a sort of charge work course I'm already on the outside. And very pleased about it. Third grade or insert a sort of charge with sex crime. This is America for you again boys and girls. A nine year old boy was arrested in Tampa. Well actually yeah in Tampa. Fuck. After he looked at a female classmates skirt and touched her authority. Said. He was arrested. The boy third grade or at book elementary school is released to his parents after being booked Monday. If he's several so-called e-gail, our charges of loot in the city's Smallest Station. So I guess it was in Sarah Silver but it says that he lines Tampa because it's within like 50 miles. School president of Grendel and Regale said the boy had been suspended before because of a pattern of repeated Asked that our sexual in nature. He's just hurry honey. He was accused of touching the girl who's also nine as they rode home Friday in a school bus. This week the boy admitted he had abused her according to his arrest report. According to the report the boy grabbed the girl's hands and held him behind her back in the Seep. He then lifted her skirt and touched her the report says he also pulled her shirt up Right next thing. Look she's now wearing a bra according to report. She's nine years old. She should have pulled those t-shirt up and said look he's not wearing one in fact. Look at that he is. Potential. Potential penalties in the event of boys found guilty include outpatient therapy, probation, juvenile Commitment and maybe the electric chair get all sparky cranked up again up there in our Cadium man. Right now it's not our case. Start. I'm sorry. Just because it's a felony it doesn't mean he's going away. He said Ron Haynes and Asis and State Attorney. The younger the trial the lesson five we ought to try a commitment program. I say fries little ass. Okay, he's all you other horny over of testosterone kids cut the crap right right now. Right before you're next. Speaking of that women alleged boss bank them for errors. All your love where this is from the story. Okay bank Tennessee. One of the reddest of the red states man you don't get no red or Tennessee. Even her cheeks are red back though. That's right. Two young women complained to police. To police that they were spanked by their 50 panties drop them long paining. Two young women complained to police that they were spanked by their 50 70-year-old employer from the stakes on the job and now the boss faces Coonal charges while goody good job drum drop. One of the women told police that on her first day if they tasty flavors snowbiz. Before any spanking or a part you're gene 11 good made her son a statement said. I give gene permission to bust my behind anyway he sees fit. I'm right man you talk about mug once. Is that great? The bust my behind. The separate complaints prompted two sexual battery charges against Levin good of Cleveland who was freed on two grand bond penny in November 16 court hearing. Levin good can be reached for comment and his tasty flavor snowbiz shaved ice business in the chat. New December was closed. Tasty flavor snowbiz shaved ice. Police served in jail a man said the two 19-year-old women likely accepted the spanking's disability immediately because they were brought up to respect anybody who's then authority figure. One of the women told police to remember one that we she was shocked at the incident but couldn't believe because she had no transportation. Maybe she enjoyed it. The other woman said she continued to work for Levin good more than a year after she was spanked and reported to police that he told her either she could be spanked or be fired in. I want to say to all that to more you think that was the choice. No. Maybe they told that to go be. He likes to inspire. The AP is not identified as women because they may be victims of a sexual crime according to police documents. One of the women reported that on October 30th October. Not Thursday on the job. Let me go call her into the background of the story and she forgot to put a button. Oh my god. Yeah. He called her into the background of the story. The background of the director she forgot to put a banana in a smoothie drink. Uh huh. Yeah. That's where the spanker. Guess where he was thinking about. Well, she said that his punch were eleven good. Better over his knee and spanked her behind twenty times. She said that this was one day after he snapped the photograph of her behind. She reached for a flavor bottle on the shelf. Le Mans said one of the women showed him photographs that had been kept at the store. The photos of the woman were shot from behind. And in some cases, no show faces were all you see are behind. These photos are not sexually explicit. He said they're clothed. Not a past is along with that guy that does those inside behind this. At the company headquarters in Minneapolis sales manager Tom Novetsky described Le Mans. Good as a very good as a very good as a very Christian person. He said the company is told to be number is very visible for employees and customers. We've never had a complaint. A very Christian person who just likes ass. He said Le Mans would open the store about two years ago and is independent of her. He said that he was a Christian person and operated in our apartment. Tell us what's wrong little speckin' him or her nobody, right? You want to sing to me? Like run, sing to me. That's a lot of fun. Five to twenty nine. This dream is revised on the history of his angel. Le Mans subject to Hamilton. Others suffer shelter of a closet to pull down their pants. Then he came twice and judged me on the living to make them dead. When this writer of the third right goes for power, the whole spirit of the world who was there. In the air, the whole spirit of the world wasn't there. When the hook is died from grief, he went, served by your bones, the whole spirit of the world was there. But now, for thousands of kids and I'm not getting blown into bloody chunks or another endless war of self-serving with you. Double. Join host New King Rich for George W. Bush. The second heaven all over New York. Only of the three-method general. I had still liked to wait for lunch man, don't forget what they say. Nothing will be fine of him, but he tinked sounds to the dynamite. But here's a little more on that story that we had to tremendous reach of nonsense. We have a very sensitive audience, so very concerned about the inequities and go to the testings that are happening in the world. Here's just a little bit more. Because I'm going to continue seeing we got like two shows going again. It's like the old days back in the day. When we had the New Yorkers show that I was doing in New York part of, and Josh maybe a little bit too, when he wakes up and quits down from his finger. And then we had to let him to call us or do. Which is a totally whole different ball of wax. Have you ever smelled Josh's finger? Let me say it again. No, not yet. Ball of wax. Pretty good. Really? Or he's thinking about... Fighting in Faludia. Well, I wonder if I've had anything to do with that. Back to Rome. I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say to you that I'm going to say how many savings are 할ado, I mean I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that instead of you in terms of going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to ask that I'm going to say that I'm going to say something what I'm going to say when I think if you're going to say that you are going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to have a good health experience. fled for Lugian recent days and are struggling to survive without enough water food or medicine nearby towns and villages, some families have fled as far as to create about 150 kilometers north of Lugia that's like 90 miles. But the biggest concern is people in the Toronto Lugia itself that can't be reached because US and Iraqi forces have set up a wide cordon around the city to prevent anyone from entering any insurgents from fleeing. It's unclear how many civilians are left in Lugia but US military estimates 150,000, or have the entire population have fled the city since they began shaping up for an offensive in October. The Muslim Church Association estimates about 60,000 people are still there but it's unknown how they arrived at that figure because of the chaos, no official numbers are available or possible, many of those who have fled are with relatives and don't trope and refugee stats. Between nightly curfew in the danger of venturing out of the streets many are effectively trapped at home. We've asked for permission from the Americans to go out of the city and help the people there but we haven't heard anything back from them, there's no medicine, no water, no electricity, they need our help. The red crescent society has teams of doctors and relief experts ready to go in the east of Felugia's districts with essential aid but needs US approval first. US military without immediately available to come out of the agency request but said its first priority is to defeat the rebels who hold up in Felugia. So in other words as long as we've got to take care of that first we can't worry about these pennant-ney-ass innocent bystanders. I nearly 30% of the city to go, they're collateral damage. An offensive with lost Monday out of Yadiya, Yadiya, a furious retreat to street finding sense, commander said that we everything they came to minimize civilian losses but its not always possible. And then they took off the piece of the 90-year-old boy after the Shrapnel died hours later or Budlaws and was buried in the Garden of the Family at home. The international committee of the red crosses there are thousands of other women and children who've had no food or water for days at least 20,000 gathered in the town of Saklauia, South of Felugia. The red crosses very worried we were job finance to guarantee passage to those who need medical care regardless of whether their friends or folks in Osman al Ruiz said they must be allowed to return home as soon as possible. Eight workers say they're still hundreds of families left in the city which has been pummeled by sustained area bombardment until refineration days. We know at least 157 families inside Felugia need our help. For some authority to late, one mother and her three daughters had intended to flee but they're homocid by bombardment earlier this week and all of them died and neighbors who escaped full labor for so we got all kinds of people to die and over there and you know, that will teach them I guess. That will teach them the trust was Americans. On speak at a man. Former Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev presented in singer Songwede himself Islam. Formerly known as Kat Stevens. With the peace prize to much after he was a peace entry to the United States on national security grounds. How do you like that? Anybody who sings a song called Peace reigns got to be really dangerous to go out and look at it. Killer. The man for peace 2004 prize was presented in a ceremony in Rome, city hall, marking the opening of the fifth world Nobel Summit in annual gathering of Nobel Peace Laureate's led by Gorbachev who won the prize himself in 1990. This isn't in Rome in the york by the way or Rome Georgia. This is in Rome Italy. The award is given in related to distinguish personage of culture and entertainment for peace messages for turn the integration between nations. The 57 year old singer said rock and roll are contributed to the development of society in the strangest ways, expressing the necessity to abolish tab boos to move forward but also in giving young people the possibility to express their hopes and weaknesses. For me it was a way of expressing my ideals for a better world out of the singer best known for his metal 1970 hit such as morning is broken wild word and world and peace train. How about that peace train? We want a peace of Iraq and a peace of Iran and a peace of this and a peace ass. A peace of party. Right Gorbachev used the occasion to call on fellow Nobel Peace Laureate's president Rome. To write a letter to all the other Nobel winners in order to propose an initiative is which can facilitate the process of world peace. Islam was recognized for his charity small kindness with horse to alleviate the suffering of children and their parents in countryside by war and so far assisted thousands of people in close to boos in the Albania Montenegro and Iraq. A previous one of the man for peace of wood was a ten inch reactor filmmaker Roberto Venini for his film life is beautiful. Islam is reported from the US last September after being denied entry on security grounds of least without charge he was traveling to the US capital when his flight was ever to the Bangor main if it were to the death where he was detained before being translated to Washington for his flight back was made of Britain because it was a good dog and pony show. We can't get Osama Yamama we can't get Osama here we can't get Osama. Amulabola Omar right we got the cat. We got the cat. And we certainly can't get the Nalsikar we go keep to over and around every time we announced him hey we're going to come and get you and for some stranger he keeps the high tail of the other. We can't get it in but we got you. It's nothing to tell you about the tail of something man can't see this. Aren't you excited? America's shape for the tour to the right. Look at that full man the survey. Which one of these are you where you're born where you're from what are you doing here you got any idea where you're from who you're keen. Yeah that's right who's your daddy. 494 people on their lose day 236 wrens day 175 that's pretty even Steven man I wish a lot of those are forward. We can only pray that's not like Mississippi, Louisiana and Georgia. I wish I saw two from injury. Why don't we hurt from all right today. Two was 25 other line America. 30 man. 30. Candidate 13. You're 11 and age or four we got four seasons out there. W 2A and hello. I knew. I have a guest. Steven's album. Keith's a killer. Now okay. We're in Jones. W 2A and hello. 2A and. Keith died. You only had the army. If people have had it, we have like the same six people call all day long. Which takes the stress off everybody else out there you know what I mean? 567. 560. Would you say like about 667? 677. Tots. Town 560 and the Verizon and Cigarette Wireless lines and of course we had the great company got it told us to cost 40 bucks to download that far off. W 2A and hello. W 2A and hello. W 2A and hello. Yes sir. W 2A and hello. Yes sir. If you have John Kerry, who else was the long face? W 2A. W 2A and hello. Yes sir. I know you're a candidate. Who do they say in the process of talking situation up there? Because you don't get any information. We don't care anymore. How about you here? Nobody cares? School of school both of them. I'll tell you that all our houses. I know Starwood, a hockey talk. We're finding it in the role. They're much of crazy people. And you start with the hockey garbage. You know you people are not enough. And you bring nothing to the table. Every day we bring all kinds of frankincents and we're in good stuff here in Hallebond. And all kinds of cocker eye man. What do you bring to the table? Nothing. Zero. Zippity. Dood. You know. All of these years nearly a 30 now. God. Good man. Day after day after day. What do they want to do? More calls. Man more calls. More these people have got nothing to say. You know, you can draw us like draw our road man. One by the way. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You can't say that. Oh look, there's another schedule for next week. How many of you have done this week? Oh sorry. Check out the tables. How many of you have done this week? Oh, I see. I think they put. They made a mistake. Which would be your first for them. They had more on. Next. Oh look at this. What is this? Oh, this wasn't next week. It was the first week. Oh, this was the second week. The first week. The first week. The first week. The first week. The first week. The first week. The first week. Oh, this wasn't next week's schedule. This was, this week's schedule is my bad. Because when you sent 50 copies at the same schedule, they didn't tell us that. What was on this day? Honey like that? He just didn't see it. Leave them checked out. So the publication is on CNN Advanced or after the fact that we didn't warn in basically- Okay, we're sorry. Our bad. Okay, don't don't double away. We apologize for this fresh vegess engagement is up on the question. First one-� want my cat againowie child so we don't have an interview I'm like a little bit old you see other guy who's a Second but then you are but enough of that He's right on top of the man the team is awful on enough and the other thing is about the vote You know I wrongly Florida was always kind of a blue state now is proud of that and then not normal man I know tell me about it Thank you. What are you insist on being a blue state? They're gonna fix it to make sure that it's right of them You can believe it if I've made it up ring the spanking guy the town. He's a good Christian They're gonna fix it. I'm wearing a job strap Oh, you're on for you. Okay good luck. Good luck to found that's right. He's gonna spank your ass in a shape How do you like that? I think when you see what's going on in the world today. I think Jesus needs to come back You've all the evil doers of being so good spanking Stop on two two hours. Hi, baby I'm gonna crack a city Rack a city all-handle I'm gonna crack a city Rack a city all-handle Think that a lot of that is just a bad weather going I don't know Where the God this we were And he's shaker They're gonna walk me and hookers on over me Oh, no, the scrap of shooting Rack a city all-handle They got a lot of that can get you there Where the call I don't know Where the you can take a thing All the bullet train The bullet train one-year boat Okay, I ride in those places And the rock is sitting Rack a city all-handle You Is a lot of that can get you there Where the go And I don't know Where you're gonna have to go I'm gonna have to go through this Find your slides full by the way. You see that? You just have it in different route. Right. Yeah, they got the road map to somewhere Cool and Paul's bringing it down for a fat-esque oven bush It's a month after one at five sixty WCM We've had fun and Maryland here today We've had some sensational call Did I? Spectacular I can't even believe it myself I want to pinch myself Just I want to put a pinch between my dumb and cheek That's right Oh, I speak to that. It's big and I dumb jokes Dan Marina rips it off and's coaching And calls a season embarrassing how do you like that And you don't want to anywhere That's so weird And it's unusual Dan Marina with embattman lips Well, they're not like that man They like the Joker Remember the Joker in this funny earlips that Caesar Rennero hand Like her painted on I wonder if Danny will use his lipstick You think? Chapsick I would imagine Chapsick Rectom Normally we serve Dan Marina Said the dolphins have to consider making major overhaul To put an embarrassing season behind their behind Rectom Yeah, I told him I was ahead of my other game On HBO's inside the NFM yesterday Danny Boy said that seeing his former team being outscored 68 to 3 in the third quarter Tell you, maybe it's the coaching or something with a staff They'll have to take a serious look at challenging everything Sir, serious Huh? He said serious Hmm In fact, aren't the NFL games on XM or serious one of those But all the amygdalaes and basketball Baseball now and they're all on the serious next time That's the way of the future baby Remember that and you're riding away the future Hmm That's it, that's what it's at In fact, I would take all your videos I'd love your regular old old fashion videos right now Put them in the bottom of the bathtub and just, uh You know, just turn on the old fairer faucet Marina didn't spare franchise owner Wayne Heisinger That's Mr. H. Do you Danny? If there's a fault with Heisinger Maybe he's too nice of a guy Too nice of a guy Ah, I don't know why here Because he gave coach Dave Wants that A two-year contract is tanked after I see And I think maybe the word you're looking for is like stupid Didn't always wonder after that this vast or season last year Why the word that you ever got at such an obvious loser To your contract extension stupid That's the word we're looking for right now Stupid Yeah, well it's making them all You know, it could have been very easy for one of those middle level Management people to tell a dried for example Oh, I'm always on for a mad dog today We've done that in the past right Right, yesterday And then you could have passed it along right on here We said, oh, by the way, mole beyond that So, you know, poor warrant is for arm There's something like that But no They had act stupid right And said, oh, the whole schedule over here But I want to change on there Talk about wasting paper and cutting down maple trees for nothing You people oughta be ashamed of yourselves Wasted my valuable paper, you idiots Last that resigned Tuesday, that's a lie After the dolphin's got the adiada Marino had been easy in his criticism since retiring He has been especially different Medicine scrubbery through it when he resigned His team executive after just twenty two days under job And he saw the head writing on the ball of walls Marino said that often seem to play quarterback AJ Feeley the rest of his season His HBO colleague from her dolphins receive her Chris Carter Oh god, I'm so sorry that I missed that thing Well, where the hell is it? Chris Carter, remember him? Good luck Chris. Yeah Edible, I'm all good job by Chris. Ha ha ha ha ha ha Chris Carter disagreed and said Feeley will not succeed That often is offensive system The offensive system is terrible, Carter said What even made Dan Ruin all look average That's hard to do, and to which we reply Yep, you're very funny, Dan. It's an disaster is what it is Just to mitigate a disaster, that's why the people are so like Come on, I'm blue, okay? Don't confuse them with stuff that's going on His blood bath and Iraq, and all these innocent people Like including their own kids and neighbors and stuff like that And painting the s-bystanders. No confusing with crap like that They're more concerned that the dolphins are like one and eight And the seasons they mitigated disaster And that's sports and soft food are an absolute Amna Panthers, although they haven't lost to game yet I think that franchise is ill-fated if you pardon those question As they like they said Ruth Chris will done WQAM Hello QAM Hey Neil Mr One of them are going to clean up this right Um, the background, blue, you know music, you're not WQAM Hello Yeah, all catch it, all there is Uh, WQAM Hello Hey Neil, I worry about you Okay Did I hear you see earlier that there were three, five or so American soldiers that were kidnapped? Yes Where is that? I'm on BBC, I right now Now that's a story from World War II and a week, it was from like two days I believe If you had it on your, I don't need you whip that out of the sea Alright, I can go into the art having fun Thank you Neil Okay Oh yeah, you're not going to see about that on TV because it's bad You're not watching the news, don't you people understand you're watching propaganda propaganda There is no more news in American TV Let me be just a totally, uh, capitulated They've thrown themselves, just like CBS came in there They made it on the day first of all, they then got Dan Rather fired Even though he told the truth You see basically whether those were the original documents or not When I had the secretary from that guy in Texas and she said Oh well, you know, there's no look like the original documents They may or may not be, but it makes no difference Because that's exactly how we felt in what he knew what he said Is that Bush Gus Fersal Freeman and he got a new and didn't show up And you know, it's well documented, he's a draft dog He was a wall And like the one article we uh, I read the other day Said he never flew a flight again after he disappeared Never ever even though he lied about it And even though he was strut around on the aircraft Carrier and full uh, uh, regalia Yeah, yeah, regalia is with them Right Mission accomplished here is the commander in thief man And phony balloon he lied See that's also part of the moral values crime man Don't confuse this with the facts He's our great moral leader even though he's a drunk and a coped addict and a liar and a murderer all of these things And he wall and a bad businessman who failed at everything he ever tried Even though he was handed over on a silver plate Now forget about that he's a good moral leader man Talks our language he's dumb like he's a Yahoo, he's a redneck Oh Christian, that's right Right Christian like a good Christian I'm not here or me I'm not here and I'm here and I'm here in the God squad That's what I'm here and because they're dangerous man The religious does just like that I keep saying it The drunken Yahoo of all people Lindsey Graham to put his little thumb on it The fight the struggle in the world today is against religious finances And you don't have to look very far just look out your window Saving private rhyme my ass Is that incredible or what what's it gonna be next what will it be next Sevens had them all beyond anymore. They were I was flipping up the other day in the channel thing too and they're like showing at the young companies brighter and bed Oh, God, I can't see that it's gonna have to be like back on a days of Lucy And damn a bastard by the Lou back at those days when they're like in the separate beds They were in twin beds because back in the day you sure couldn't show people sleeping in the same bed because that meant they might be doing something Even though of course she was pregnant at the time Maybe Lucy just had the make-up conception if that's what it was What it was what they all because we know that Lucy and Debbie sure weren't doing the old in and out. No change no way But so we still hold some for that. He was too cute, but right and we certainly know their friend and apple weren't even though they might have wanted to 12 Fred Merz what I did I mentioned about poker Brian thanks, Bulkah What's the good thing I've been to that old time TV thing he sent me my birthday present which wasn't quite as a Extravagan is the prisoner series That George sent me with a $21.54 Canadian posted Janabey So the thing with Bulkah Brian since he sent a from Amazon dot com I didn't have to be a dime posting I sent my friend Amazon dot com well They don't like that more than a crap story about it. Don't go for $21.54 Canadian don't worry about it They I can handle it a little bit think I want to have a lot more than that it would buy me a stand me a real nice day yesterday I'm not gonna say how much because it's nobody's business but I need just fine Well, how much? But more than that anyway So he sends me on the foresee these know us rocky and bullmarko. I haven't got a mind of what you have but oh, man, am I excited about that Don't ask me which I'm more excited about the prisoner rocky and bullmarko because what I'm not surprised the first prisoner episode In which you probably believe realize it on the first this and I haven't gotten a better ones yet But maybe they also have there's an alternate version of the first it's called When the times have been Loaded that no that which is a very rare and maybe never even shown on TV Alternate version of the opening episode of the prisoner with Patrick the Guin Number six. I'm not a number. I'm a man number six It's interesting. I sure like rover though. Yeah, we need rover to wait Way Wouldn't be great. Well, high boys kind of like rover. Yeah, no sense. We need rover. We need a big plastic ball. It just kind of like roves around and just smudder certain people How do I mention a names, okay Smudder certain individuals to save us from the rest of your absolute insanity. Great. I don't want to mention a name though 567.056 the town 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line. I get a lot of these good calls in between down to a clock You already loves it. They're filling from it today. WQA and hello Neil yes sir. Got a question for you. Huh? This isn't Gary Sarner is it not that okay. It's just question question because he's maybe it go ahead One hour day which come on pretty soon. I got a problem. Where is not coming on pretty soon? He was on yesterday's not on today. He was on yesterday I'm sure he even though he doesn't you know he said he doesn't listen. I'm sure you listen What does he know these games now this thing he's listening right now. He's got no you either is playing golf or he's listening or both Maybe he's got a Sony Walkman. Why is that there of course? You know he's calling me touchdowns now. Where am I going in 20 and it's like this is like we want the Super Bowl Yeah, over selling what do you want to do you want to I mean I'm not going to run to the fan low because it's like defending the defenseless But what do you want to do is throw in the towel. I mean it got a great assignment somewhere But he's called always score touchdowns like it's like we won in overtime And we want the Super Bowl. I mean he's got to understand that we're out of it now. I just like touch down my I don't know what I'm playing and they still got seven games to go on my hero wrong even George would defend Mola on that he's getting paid to make the game exciting all right I defend my close personal friend Mola on that. Good right you go. Mola Mola Right or go less. No, seriously. I mean what is that now that she's supposed to just roll over and play dead and that's like everything is boring So the game is how about again that's like 62 to three or something like that like that you can't just forget about it Right, but get about it. I mean most people in town would like to but got about it, but Take that a long way to go. I mean just because they lost that caught him and because Mr. Rage or live to receive about it And you don't see mine or would em checkered play pants. Oh, what an awful man. And the guys the one question. Seriously, all right, it's a bunch brown Just kind of tear it What a bunch of heart. I know Harvey's green and fudge brown I bet there was a lot of fudge brown going on an organization after the Super Bowl party A lot of change of a pantalone's need dolphin organization Because they really suck how the mighty a fall and how they take it a once proud You know that sure nothing you think I can play there or not What we can always dump it. What if what is it called no, I'll be listening to it before the show today Oh He was great, but that was a 1892 Yeah, that's revealed it's awesome But you know Oh, it's been great See you around Get that lot of Miami town Yeah Oh Hey, wait a week And it wasn't bad. I was a little bit on the choppy side, but considered was like in prom too, right? Jumped in all right places. Just like a little big and dog. I dumped in all the right places And with that song by nobleman I wasn't so I'm looking for love and all the right Oh, I remember that song I thought it was Mickey Gill, no Bob Lumen was word talk. Let's talk about whatever 13 at five six. He lost place in curton music. Oh, yeah, let's play some Schmidt kick in music now That's a W to cry now that all these guys squad people will take an over you watch those numbers on kiss go up right through the sky now All in good far a good far and pure in but looking country music people Hey, you're expecting guests this time. It's really it's not the turkey that makes the middle special. Let's the people Make sure your guestly does this comfortably is you do by calling dial a mattress at 1 800 mattress Whether they plan which is advanced to give you like some morning or they just show up and knock it on you're doing without any warning You can get them just to write mattress to very same day Because when you call 1 800 mattress you'll say the initial funny percent on select models while some finds last Choose from the top names and industry. See these sort of cinnamon pink well, strings and foster temper peat. They got them all When you call 1 800 mattress you'll get same day delivery. You've picked the date and time for delivery that to our one of the figure schedule And guess what they show up dial macros is mighty proud of that 99.7% on time record The right number one in the world and customer satisfaction and there were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award I've been using dial a mattress for years more and more people are bound town or using them because they know like going to their baby Department stores is a wasted time gas and money and they're going to get ripped off if you want a great unbeatable deal Just pick up that phone and call them right now. You log under their website mattress dot com, but then make that easy call. I'll be there What you want them 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR EF You're a thing that you'll run your phone and press the button to check your team A and I'm going to have a look at the I'm going to have a look at the I'm going to have a look at the I'm going to have a look at the I'm going to have a look at the I'm going to have a look at the I love third god I'm going to experience businessК I'm going to do the same thing as the same thing. You guys are more, you're more, you're buying those as hard work. You don't have a hard work. I see how much English can you have already this? Yeah, I see. Yeah, it's long thing he and his brother haven't come. I need to remember, every did non-esties work in our entire life. So the word work and the word military served all of these things, all of these words, it's kind of like foreign language to them. Of course English is kind of like a foreign language. That's why he's so popular in Florida. Where are you originally from speaking to that? We got to Red States and the Blue States. We got to ride in America. 595 people above it were checking on there, which is pretty appalling. It should be a lot more than that. I mean, it should take like two seconds here, time. But they don't care. You know, they just don't care anymore. I started to say before we can see like the roadmap on there. Like Red Acted Lux was over the two days later. Last Thursday. The drop-off. I mean, they just, you know, they're just beaten and knocked down and dragged up. They don't keep a rest, and I said anymore. That's it. 595 people, 286 of the Blue State and 299 from the Red State. 32 from Cuba, 35 from other Latin America, 15 from Canada, 13 from European five-beasons. How is that possible? We only got 35 from all the other Latin America. I was at the bottom of the line in America. I was at the bottom of the line in America. I was like a little tiny slice because we don't pick it up any other. Because I would imagine we probably got like not 35, but like maybe 40. When you think, at least. You went some bass that are intervened in how a Burton contract documents show. More scandal that you won't hear too much about because the Democratic Party is the week's assistant. They just roll over and play dead. I just got an email from Peter Schumann here. Move on.org. Investigate to vote. You know, I did with it. Delete it with all the media. I deleted it so fast, man. You didn't even believe it. What's the purpose? Yeah, I mean, yeah, go, yeah. And I've already. We know the election was rigged and fine. What are you going to do about it? Yeah, over and spread your legs. The US ambassador to Kuwait Intervee in last year to ensure that Halle Burton, the Royal Services Company, once led by Dick Cheney, who's got that Bulldog daughter, Mary. We take the Kuwaiti business as a subcontracted, deliver a few other way of act documents released yesterday's show. State Department documents appear to contradict the Bush administration's assertion, and all the citizens involved in Halle Burton's contracts were handled only by career contracting offices for the government. Oh, don't tell me they lied those moral people. Those are the moral values people, man. They wouldn't lie to us. Of course not. The ambassador's effort was aimed at ensuring that the company favored by the Kuwaiti government remained part of the contract. With the lack of experiencing a gasoline shortage after the US let in vegin last year, US officials gave Halle Burton a job of obtaining fuel and Kuwaiti living at the Iraq. The work became part of Halle Burton's existing $2.5 billion, no bid were to restore Max Orland history. On May 4th, 2003, Halle Burton has three Kuwaiti companies to bid the next day Halle Burton to escape your subsidiary, placed its first order with Anton, what is it? Altamania. Altamania, whatever it is. Altamia. But that's December, and Army Corps of Engineer contracting officer was pushing Halle Burton to put the fuel delivery contract out for competitive bids. The same month, US ambassador Richard Jones wrote that Halle Burton officials had to get off their butts and conclude deals that would keep Altamia as a subcontractor. Tell them we want to deal with Altamia within 24 hours and don't take any excuses Jones. The documents turned over to a congressman by the State Department doesn't disclose whom Jones message was directed. They got scandal after their archers and who outed Valerie Plame and how about all those secret energy meetings behind closed. By the way, guests say, you know, this new Jose Jimenez and who attorney general? Guess who's board of directors he was sitting his ass on. I don't know how to burden him. And Ron. And Ron. You remember Kenny Boyle that the Bush people all of a sudden forgot all about him and have any idea who that is anymore? Right, who's that? And Ron. Another crook. I just mentioned these things in passing and I don't want to get you with them because most of you don't keep a flying clamp anyway. All you keep your bodies like making an ass out of yourself. So let's get a lot more calls in. 560, 560, Tom 560, and a Verizon and singular wireless line. It's really sad, man. It's really pathetic. I mean, when you're dealing, what you want to think about more ions? Mm-hmm. There more ions all the time. That's as part of the time, all of the time. 24, 7, there more ions. In fact, a lot of you should be walking around with a sign on your forehead. Hey, look at me. I'm a moron. Although most of you don't need to wear it. Yeah, we can see it. Yeah, we know. Fought about the credit. That's it. That's a good one. Wem to Q and hello. Hey, you're mad. You're okay. Well, too late. Yeah. Yeah, let's be a clock above. Call the mad dog. No, thank you, your cramp. WM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Don't put all those Christians in one pot here. Because there's a lot of evangelicals that are in Bush. Mm-hmm. I would say, I'm a good man. Exactly. And I want to stay in progress. I'll study then. So you're right under money. A lot of things. I made disagree on the others, but God bless you. Okay, I'll pray for you. All right, buddy. I'll pray for you to see the light and the unburdened your brain with all that mumbo jumbo. Okay, all that nonsense. All those spirit tales. You know, there were, I was going to talk about that Robert Guide. We appreciate all the really neat stuff. He said, we put on our website. He said, you know, fine guy and every Spank. But what he calls this show and tells me that he's moving to Israel? Mm-hmm. That's the thing. My only expression would be, oh, I thought I would say. And I would have one more is there to say. I mean, talk about a death wish. Talk about a blow. I said that. Huh? You said good luck to you. You don't need it. Yeah. Don't write the bus. Yeah, don't write the bus. Don't lock the street. Go for the pizza joint. Go to Israel. Of all the places. I mean, people, I have so many times that people said to me, what do you like to travel? You need to even all these European countries. Uh, what if you ever go to Israel? I'd rather go to Bangladesh. Okay. I'd rather go to Nairobi. I'd rather go to Martinique. I'd rather go to Tanzania. Huh? I'd rather go to Faluja and take my chances. Well, they get up. In Israel. I just don't get that whole professional juicing. I'd have professional Cuban thing, professional juicing. I don't understand it as long as I live. I'll never be able to ask. Well, what's that all about? I don't know. It's part of the same in in Pocasia and in Dr. Nation. Brainwashing. It's just like the religion thing. Oh, I'm a professional juo. I'm a professional catalogue. I'm a professional Cuban. Whatever that crab is. Yeah, stop that garbage already. Okay. Your government is slaughtering innocent people. Left and right man. They're lying like crazy. They're sliding the news. They're putting propaganda. You can't even watch a movie anymore. That was okay to watch three, four years ago. It may be twenty years ago because everything's being censored now. We can't even do a fart on the radio now because you've got a bunch of Nazis running the FCC. And a government and a public sitting bag. Little bit like that. You know. Oh, did you see Terras Vubius today? There was someone who knew. I mean, give me a little bit of life already. What do you have? I have no idea. That's the motto in Florida. I have no life. Put up a bill more rent in front of your house. Painted on the roof. I have no life. Instead of putting all those stupid flags out there in front of the American flag and religious flags. And he has risen all the other garbage man. I have no idea. I have no idea. You need to put a big ban around there. Okay. Let's listen to the word. What your excuses? Terras, order, booby. Terra, don't call me Greg Reed. That one. Speaking of boobs. 26 after one a QA. I'm having a turn right now. Terras, good friends over guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach. With over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Now recently, like I've been telling you, they have to listen to bars who never dreamed in a million years. They would be able to qualify to buy his own home. Not only were they able to qualify him, but the good is is they were able to present him three different options. As to the type of mortgages he could get. And they were closely with him to determine which was best. And then they made a happen like magic. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and give field beach. You can call him toll free right now or anytime. 1-800-734-6616. Whether you're looking for an interest only long, a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages. Here on T mortgage bankers and do field beach has exactly what you be looking for. The offer payments is always 232 bucks per every 100 grand year borrow. And not only will they make your mortgage happen, they will even set you on a cruise. That is correct. After you close your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field beach, you can choose one of six different seven-light cruises, compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. So whether you're looking to buy a new home, maybe an investment property or just to refinance your current mortgage, these are the folks I wanted to call 1-800-734-6616 on the web at guaranteed mortgage bankers.com. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and do field beach royal treat. You just like family 1-800-734-6616. You are the same, you are the same. You are the same, you are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. You are the same. It's day call on the family child. That's five six-old WQA. Are you sure? Oh, this is Albert Kida from Tony Van Records, inviting you American Infidel to buy latest cast-eaten collection. You know my home it is right. So can you add a few thought anymore? Got a misunderstanding with the real sharp thing. I was so into this magic. I was on a fair place in suddenly the sea changed. And then I came back and I was on my hands. I was on my mind. I am being followed by an M16. But to the one with me. The money for me approaches does not go to fun stairs. There is a really hits not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You go just dumb. That's your fault. It wouldn't have been a fire with you. Find a skin and a rat. If you want a teaching. Another variation of classic wood. I asked myself every day. Which Americans should pay? Tell me who I knew how I was playing. I'm telling you that I'm telling you that I'm home. She lifted her veil and exposed her. So by who can't sleep in this collection today, but 1995, all you can play with me is our master card or weapons of master's thrashing. 2327, I'm still a 2 a 2 a 3 a 3 a 4 a 1. I want Erica. Hope you listen right now. And I want you to know also. The one thing on our website that's going to stay there from now until I croaked to the end of time. Yeah. Is the front page of the UK Daily Mirror? Oh yeah. The picture of wood. That's gotta say the words of that. Other things will come and go. But that one will stay there forever. The one that says how can 59,5,877 people be so dumb. Jesus Christ. Yeah. It is just absolutely unacceptable and astonishing. Shocking. But nevertheless, who've been listening to our cards today, I think we're starting to give you a little bit of the answer. Just keep that one up to keep that baby up there forever. Please crack your please. WQA in hello. It's a game of the Jordan in Andrews from the real. How many QA in hello? Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes Steve. This is Neil Steve. Neil, why aren't you putting out at the morning instead of Howard sperm? I can do that. Was it anything else? Robin? Yeah. I could be gone soon enough. He's going to see me. He's going to make like 50 million years. I'm like that. I just send him my resume right away. Okay. You lose. We got Molyn. Neefow back off. What we're going to have. Some other stupid sports. You're going to have honor. You watch. You see. The mobile photo show. I'm thinking of myself. We're approaching. Nobody. You realize that we are rapidly approaching a. Line 17 Arizona tunnel!. I've been from cocaine. Actually, a motor� بنople. There is a concept of a Thursday morning. investors say it's been a bit hard behind me. We say I'm going to go out there. There are people on the same day. First time, The BinburiedWe're going to shut up. The company Cars came back home. Many were Krieg and burned them. They were as good as a motorover at phones. Maybe about 70 to 30 kilo times last week. Mhm Chief, show and you know you kind of wonder about all these things and of course what you're telling me is that ourselves are probably just filming it to them because there's another sports station in town but you only think that it's your own side to your right huh that's pretty much the that's all they care about you're about to ask them care about stern they care about the things that really you know bringing the butter all they care about is that and of course what if hands your mind up over their cross history their fees have been suspended three times now I was thinking about that in the shower this morning all the years have worked in the business I don't remember anybody I'm talking about air talent anybody it means it's better for like three minutes or a six minute much less six weeks right you know now about this before to show this mine ever heard a six is thing and yet it's common places like ding dong school man's like kindergarten well you said this in school and it's pissed up of course he's gone also I'm behind the way she got canned so go see sure if you stick along long enough you'll get it yeah that's right you got her so he's gone but you know he looked at her cross side and the call to a bunch of stuff which is which he was right on target by the way nice going hey you know what you all the way for a hundred percent but I mean we're looking at a possible of the skeleton crew is what we're looking at I can just see right now I can see the linear touch show in a morning all right right sponsored by budget of sure I can see the Chris moron show back in the days and of course if the hopper should wind up over there and what about if we don't get it all from the renewed you think the man dogs gonna stick around if he didn't get to be on those dolphins because I haven't though we have to share with that that's his number one love is doing a cover on the dolphin games above and beyond anything else you know that right in fact when he left the I would do when that deal when Q and first got to the dolphins that that's why the main reason he bailed out some shit yeah oops so I'm thinking about you how many people do you want to suspend and piss off and screw over and treat like garbage and it's just how they also get this placement what happened in such a shared period is not in that spring looking out we kicked ass we owe the market we were we were a killer man we were on fire we were on freaking fire like a swan machine is playing out on every pool and all of a sudden like oh well things were going a little bit too good I guess I don't know WQA and hello hey what's going on Neil yes sir how you doing pal pretty good pretty good I was watching that someone in all two free sports shows on Sunshine yesterday for a new week MB and comments and he looks like he can make that noise. So yeah, he's in the cry noise. Yeah, he's trying to look at it out. It's like, what's up there? But uh, people have to good work, they'll find it. Okay, thanks, Palette. Thanks, Palette. Thanks, Palette. Thanks, Palette. Thanks, Palette. You know, I've heard that he's got a huge promoscus. Yeah, that's the room around the building. Here in this quarter. In fact, you know what's on it there? Bro! But they were originally from that's our survey today. It's not real sexy. It's then required a lot of thought, which is why we're not getting too much response. And they're just 673 people are bothering to check in. This is very important because it is red blue divide. I'll do people who want us to see. If you've got a succeed, you've got to succeed. Blue states, 325. Blue states start to pull away, not as good. The New Yorkers are checking in like, made people from New York state. People from all over New York from New York, from New York. It's connected to the Albany and the city and from Amash of Pequa and from Fridonian, the Peew and Hamburg and Lockport and Nissa-Cod, Canada, Igual and Geneva and Rochester and Buffalo and... What else? Oniata. What? This is pretty sunny, isn't it? Oniata? Yeah. And Binghamton don't forget it and the cod. Would they make those shoes? They were been in the cod. What about the morning? They make that glass. Sorry, they're been upstate New York. No? No. Just New York. You missed absolutely nothing. Only in the summertime, those two weeks in the summer, when it's warm. Yeah. Man, it is beautiful. The light light. The wine country, like cannon, big, well, wine, and res, fish, and the lakes. The finger lakes. The fact maybe that's who W is given the finger to is the finger lakes. Six hundred and seventy-three people on their blue state, three twenty-five, where it's day two, thirty-five. A Cuban, thirty-five other Latin American, thirty-seven. Europe, eighteen. We got eighteen people who are like hail from Europe. Probably the Dutch. Let me tell you about the frickin Dutch. Uh, cannon. Ha ha. Canada, sixteen. And A is said that we got seven people from Asia Minor. Probably much of miners. Go, let me scog it and hold him. He's in enough, uh, he's in a deep enough fryer already. Miss Kamal. She's got her own issues. I wonder if he's had a good time in there. 19, built to a QA. It may now seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to seem to Like respond to our confirmation of pieces. But he keeps the Sabro roses Onlyுhtalís music life to find it And you bro well sailed, Mortal Kombat基本 officer paid his happiness And she paid those booze Let us on Per는데 If we were gonna get a channel I see his head She should be trapped to her face Ah, got out of here Blaps his little directional Okay, runs into framel I'm a shayat and erotic mother and alcoholic a pro-pop and other right right runs in the family baby that's what excuse for several i've been so i've been fatnatter-shayat and grotesque she is runs in the family but nevertheless i got to be probably didn't look good right to the ass and either probably not now i don't hear she looked really nasty in the ass and we are all done is dormant news flash or an area of public in portagans but doesn't care about you either right mark more for callnice for the sand from thisco gate he says this just a minute is a lot of a republicans and gay tourfied angelic were christians and intellectually none conservative parents who thought that we're doing some sort of good by blindly voting for w and hence protecting their we ones from a storky islamic evil do we so want to steal their kids crap lunchables and new busy land all should be emerging from a deep pago savage denial and even it now wake they will to increasingly obvious fact that there will have been smirking president to one who seemed to care about them so deeply just a couple of weeks ago and who reached out to them and promised them the unhappy gay unfriendly moon exchange for full access to their civil rights and a black text to whatever the hell he likes he apparently doesn't give a damn about them not anymore the truth will soon be hitting much of the conservative nation like her red next max and dog now that the fair saturated right has handed the the the failed oilman for more unrestrained years to do his dirty as these and a deeply contaminated well-greeted congress was which to do it he no longer needs their support they couldn't care less about their moral values or their positions on social security reform or the war in her rack or just what they're all meant about spending the political capital claims he's earned by winning the election by the summa smart remaining come a present in history by the way oh sure mr. bushry stopped in me this is moderate republican he made you a believer he promised more intolerance for gays and more bible classes in the White House and more life of a irresponsible tax great human we need and more dumb down black and white good versus evil for his practice that take all the pressure off you having to you know think and because he unconditionally refused to acknowledge any sort of mistake any sort of mass an error in judgment or policy relinqued to the appalling Vietnam grade clagmar that is a rack because he stayed on message and never fired rum stove for gross incompetence and because he let the lower rank military plea to take the fall for obbo grave and never once wavered in the most disgusting of lies about what we need to do and vader back in clover a hundred thousand of their people in the first place why he earned your vote isn't so true is it it is so true x-am reading too fast again do nothing once again slow down tell me slow down slow down it's so true is it yeah despite proof after proof and report after report and dead u.s. so draft or dead u.s. soldier it's not bush would do better than carrying defeating terrorism no matter that bush's very actions is ugly little war has very poisonous foreign policy that so violently destabilize the Middle East no matter what this is what uh... it what has in fact amplified the terror threat a hundred full and maybe u.s. more detested than ever what irony is what's for dinner and now you're reward you get to be measure representatives tossed aside is openly ignored as the rest of us isn't politics fun we are all suckers all losers in this election are you democrat republican doesn't matter the line is no longer liberal conservative it's no longer tax and spend versus cutting deficit toy at a free as versus for next edition happy godless hidden side of it versus mel Gibson it's now all for wealthy power hungry bush i c e o versus well the rest you see news lies to conservatives bush has pretended to care about you because he had to because proud of told him to because he needed your fear in your blind faith of another term you matter about as much as u.s. soldier in philugia now oh how you'll be disappointed from here on out oh how you'll nash your teeth and sigh your size and wonder what's out happened your fear for later and why you feel so abandoned as your schools implode and your health care costs explode and your air quality self-nature jobs vanish and you women get smacked back to 1953 and your kids died miserable and forgotten and Iraq because now you get to sit bothered a little a lead as we watch in bitter side of fashion as bush will have to wall an his own nasty vicious mess lying his own snide more torn and economically gutted bed for four more years as much of the country said steeply ashamed and international community said stunned and horrified at our share ignorance and gall but wait there's more see we know that bush has never been so beautifully set up that now for cataclysmic nixon like fall this most secret of in corruption filled and roast aid administration in history with its nine eleven cover ups and well documented stack of fumbles and slums and murderers mis uh miss prisons leading up to the Iraq mess is positively bursting at the scenes of potential impeachment of a calamity you think that it's in touch where ruinous district of bush mumbles every sign puts to the fact that history will look back on w w two as one of the worst run least accountable and most abusive warm mongering homophobic environmentally unfriendly present season american history which means you to one or two things there's a very slight chance that we will not spread to ease awesome of his forties more heartless invoices of policies if just to try to create a more appeasing and advertising and appealing legacy but don't bet on it if rose recent spittle filled announcement that trouble against decay constitutes among abandon sex mergers any indication bush migrae will go to the other direction entirely making history the cold blood of the autocratic way through policy so hollow itself righteous and smirking that history can help of the in-pressed after all neo fascism makes great textbook fodder what else well now bush co has no one to blame but themselves the neo cons on the white house congress often is a blame for most impending disasters mortials and social meltdowns points straight back to the GOP for the more the u.s. already crashed with a 7.3 dumb but truly in dollar debt limit thanks to bush alas congress raises the debt saving ASAP as bush co so desperately demands they do the u.s government will run out of cash we are in nascar parlance running on fumes this that is the sour truth for the republicans and abort against a misliver or a bittersweet solace for the liberals will not be laughable and a sold deadening to me now sort of way to watch bush co try to pin the imminent economic implores and cultural backlashes and catastrophic social service break downs is nation outfaces on say bill couldn't will not be horribly amusing to watch administration sick of its own self made quicksand will not be insured it's all sorts of tragic fun to watch the cancer eat itself i'd like to eat it i'd like to eat it i'd like to eat it i thought she was dead either for two minute come back yeah was an accident but nobody got hurt one fifty two five sixty w q m nad dog jim men to be lying to tell y'all about davon stats firing have belonged to a clock and in the hamper it for was been suspended forty five times just a quick alone a iris tax problems have a way of destroying your life they take a tool of you financially physically and emotionally can ever really forget about those i are as problems because they come back every morning when you wake up in a freaking cold sweat cp a jenny buck wall in the buck wall tax firm can have endos iris problems for ever and give you back peace of mind that's why other types of cp and law firms refer all of their clients to the buck wall tax firm when they got iris problems not avoid potential criminal prosecution you're on file tax return prepared even if you lost all your records as supposedly an iris lean a ways love a open will tax it in penalties maybe it's a settle for thousands less than you owe or need time to pay whatever your problem the buck wall tax firm can have the ad they offer you a free and if you'll consultation with no obligation affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate if not sooner relief from iris harassment and best of all you need to go to the finniness meetings with the iris because the buck wall tax firm handles all those meetings and discussions you need to be there call them today nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred with the o ten grand or a million dollars in iris taxes the buck wall tax firm can solve your problems for you call them today for that pre-consultation or visit them on the web at iris freedom dot com and stop fretting about the iris knock-and-one front door that's nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred one more time for the west coast nine five four five seven five twenty eight hundred two hours since the new rush of the parts owner I just don't stand on the stand-on, it would be honest with you. And again, I don't know where he is. I repeat what I said, I truly am not that concerned about him. Time to answer Please if my name too, all of your happiness and good health incluso All our people greatest business ideas, I'm a banana And the trainer is born with the best friends in the world But I shouldn't let them change Even if everyone's not going to look back to you But on his hand, I never thought that I'm not going to look back to the beach Not too much, but on his hand, so for you, you'll be a perfect answer If you're not too much, but on his hand, I'm going to look back to you But I shouldn't let them change Even if everyone's not going to look back to you But on his hand, so for you, you'll be a perfect answer If you're not too much, but on his hand, so for you, you'll be a perfect answer I'm tired of it, I'm tired of it Bye bye, bye There was a lot, we'd be against it