And that handwriting? Oh-oh, I'm a gravey. Yeah... A Küche is Foldan bright vid hen tust tust tust tust tuntut pinky selber da clever całumi 생각이 sad but a clearedo tuntut teum buu woo oh tuntut hret tony nony rey 1032 at 560 WMH in early start today is this is amazing you know yeah You start all whipped up to a frenzy about it. I had thrilled and excited But the good news is that we got another Marlon game Marlon's win every day now. It's just that they did have that one Blip there in that double head of a Chicago, but I think that they sing it when almost they be freaking day Okay Good enough for you. Did the clubs winner lose last night? Of course asking you I'm taking my life in my hands They lost they lost so that means only and what about Houston? I don't know what about tell me Houston You just start on top of these things you think that you'd be checking out things I'm looking at the race, you know, I know that Houston's a game that were two games back. I know what's going on two games back. Yeah, we're two games back. No way. Yeah, no chance How's that took him's back of the wild card go to verify right? Yes, no, no Yes, what I'll bet you Greg weeds life on it that they're not two games. I know them. That's a games behind the cup is because Tending the outcome of last night's cup game. They're only like the club All right leading the wild card the giants are the giants are well What about how the they sneak in it is very bonds taking more of steroids again? Yeah I Vigier Bobby's turn over and is a grave And anyway, so we got the marlins and the expo is from U.S. Senator field that can't be parking anymore in Chicago Marlins on deck at one thirty. Oh, we'll kind of step aside a little bit early which we're kind of used to start late and leave it early. We're used to that and then we got Mohara David which we thought that would have been at the end of that nonsense between after the ballgame and seven o'clock the big Oh, that's seven and it he can't forget Then I'm looking at the schedule now. We got a marlin's exposed double a header tomorrow But unfortunately for us it doesn't start till two thirty the pre-game and they got mad dog two to two thirty tomorrow You think a you think a hot shot like the mad dog is coming in for a half an hour tomorrow no chance half an hour my ass So we got that at two thirty and then I'm looking at the Thursday and Friday Is it got this new schedule facts to me and excitedly I look at it and No, don't don't don't I see Mohara David it unfurced and again a Friday. I don't see any side of the hump or I don't see a hide in there here with a big fat hump around there and it's starting to give me really porked off, you know get what the Greg you idiot Man They just they just they just never stop do they leave insanity never stops to WQA That's our motto. We should have billboards up there all over town The end of madness or maybe even promoted the fact we got stern on the morning. I might want to stick that on there too Yeah, we don't want to die 1661 vote and by the way the guy in four-later day on the guy in Atlanta We're really impressed by the fact that you can keep a refreshing over and over again 80 million times automatically And like who's up those stats error likes it because he's making a lot of extra money from that We're unimpressed all the computer nerds all the time. They just That was a good list they sit around naked all day sitting there. They're a little lucky computer keyboard Which people ethnic religious and set of a treat women the worst that was a good pull we took yesterday. Thank you very much Muslims of thousand and forty six how do you like that are you schmattags out there? sixty two point nine percent say the Muslims treat their women like garbage Like channel They all deserve it now that moved up the second place and you got something to be ashamed of yourselves Who'd up really quickly yeah after I know it was like an afterthought And I guess that answers the reason if you wonder why I asked I questioned the first place that should tell you right there Just like the Bible men wrote it and therefore women are sick and fast citizens It's like the laws and the constant to men wrote it and therefore women are like I didn't get the right to vote in this country until 1928 They all deserve it on 24 of them nasty smelly bitches Like trash 93 blacks 93 don't treat their women's to good Orthodox do 78 oh Freightboys 45 the Catholic church 42 Jocks 40 We're like to beat him up and slice their next and do things like that and rape him stuff like that right his fan X 40 Japanese 28 more men 16 and Italian in 16 My manager on his area That insecure me her neck. I don't think the Italian men treat their women too good But then again what do I know right right well what do I know about women? Okay, we got speaking a woman. We got a listen a lot on these speaking of Italian women a listen a lot on her You think with a name like that maybe she was born in Milan all right, but she wasn't close she was born in Brooklyn That is close. Yeah, these 719 19 19 72 which makes their 31 plus there's a Naked as a jaybird picture of a listen a lot of there on a heated curtain your Rogers calm today If you're over the age of 100 you have lots of civil forms of ID because otherwise giant ass costs gonna come and just slap you on a Ascent take you away Unless you'd like to see my slap you on a second a couple of times here's her filmography She's right now filming Donna Topia. Chris of the Ruby Sunstone She does the voice she does a lot of a voices. Did you know that I did? You did I did well, you know I got those cartoon kitty watching kids you know Jimmy new trend when losing Kabulm voice Dickie Roberts former child star. She was in that kiss the bride buying the cow Oh, that must be the Oprah story Oh, I guess what I'll probably don't care how many cars you give away you're still discussing no talent cow bitch Diamond hunters the TV mini series lady in the trans two scant adventure voice again Charmed oh, she's been in 80 min in this list goes on her's pages and pages and pages No rose place of course Of course you will pool below you to be a Jimmy's zip public enemies to bring Velasca glory these oh Much is really what is it about what in brace of the vampire is the only one you need to know about Well, whatever hot lesbian vampire action. I see well One good thing today is we don't have any leftover spots against the must have taken all their breaks like good the boys and girls They're on the stern show this morning. All the ladies Hey, all their veggies. They did all their breaks got all our spots in by the way. You know those hurricane sugars that I was supposed to get him for the big storm That's not coming The day we're also expecting that to continue to pull farther on up to the north that looks like the same right We're still looking at it moving maybe eight miles per hour So we will should start to watch some of the hurricane warnings pull down my later on this afternoon Yeah, so anyway we escaped that for those hurricane coders I was forced out for sure on Saturday. I think throughout the yesterday's only Tuesday and the answer is no But it's the software to if and wait 10 39 at 5. 60 Q I am I like yields poll New on the geriatric channel Can't hear the put me in a hole the makers of tith my ride. It's here. I walk Will I pow So both for five sixty w q and happy Tuesday, so anyways way, speaking of that? Our poll question, and thanks to the listener out there, facts to the essay, a sensational idea for a poll, is still good polls and a row, how do you like that? Wow, and it's the only Tuesday. How do you think you will die? Did we ever do this one before? I don't think we ever have. Well, how do you like that? I'm pretty sure we didn't do that one yesterday either, be full. Well, I put a lot of pressure on you, I mean, could have rest a week. I might just start calling and sick tomorrow through Friday. Yeah. How do you think you'll die? Old age or natural causes? That's all one together. In fact, we already got some votes on there. Sometimes we'll take a look at it, right? Right. Since so we just got enough. They're all age, financial causes. 12 out of the first 27, both it's just trickled in. Heart attack six, a full body, boredom four, cancer two, a traffic accident two, and a terrorist attack only one, and a hurricane only, no, zero. Not me, right. But I'm actually going to take an at same poll like four or five days ago, like Friday. Oh, my God. Hurricane, might have played ahead a few more. Oh, it's a matter of fact, I'm glad I mentioned Hurricane because we got Lucy and Newman from CNN. The most you think that all the stuff that you saw during Francis was something, all peels in a one significant compared to this bitch. They got their peanut del Rio Cuba yesterday and then again this morning. Although yesterday was a little bit better. She nearly got blown right off the screen, but she was really. It's just an example of what is happening in all of the seaside towns here in the Rio. The residents were evacuated at least a day in advance of Hurricane Ivan and they are not being allowed to return here to try and pick up the pieces until the weather improves and until the seeds should receive. It is still unclear. She's been in there. She's been standing just blown off the screen. I was beautiful. Anyway, I'll tell you, Josh may not be real good with these baseball scores in front of him. At least these consistently score a craft that covers eight to five or seven to two yesterday. Well, there are two games. They're two games. Right. That's right. Why should you be completely right? A little bit of correct information can't be all bad. He was right about what he was right about. Yeah. Tomorrow is our two games is behind the wild carving ended giants and the giants are happy to have a head of the cubs. So you figured that out. And like I said, it was a one game, depending on the outcome of the game yesterday. It comes in the parts. Works the cubs one seven to two instead of which I scored this is pedal and a lot of propaganda about the cubs lost. Unbelievable. Here's a good story. Man eats grandson's corpse. Sam B. and police have arrested a man who has zoomed cooked in eight part of his grandson's corpse. Police say police spokeswoman Brenda M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. Fuck, intimidated man. Edoting pieces of flesh and a graveyard in Mal tutto three of it commonly mouth sounds named. Emma is zoomed in corpse and cut off from a flash to unregisem and exclusive children in the office floor and organized and smangled maker. for trespassing the graveyard. Interfaring with a dead body, it's like that log that Arnold has come past in California. No more necker at no more necker in the graveyard, no more necker of inferior. See, can't eat a bit of it all of them. And, here's his story even more grotesque than that. You think that was the disgusting gross way to hear this. In molten Alabama, now we know why Hurricane Ivan is on a way toward Alabama. Mississippi, Louisiana. Are you mud ones off there? You're going to get yours. Are you in-bread mud ones? Probably, in fact, that's probably why it was struck in- just because God sometimes misses he has in your miss. Probably the poor bachelors in Plenty Court, and that was really meant for nickels for a mire in the beeswaves. No doubt. Especially a huge joys. Damn it. Okay, nice to meet you there. They're a cobb joy, since you can see. Damn it. God. When this is in molten Alabama, you think they're molten in Alabama? When the global never imagined the cost of a John Kerry Janet with bumper sticker would run so high. This is what America has come to boys and girls. Global of molten didn't pay a cent for the sticker that he proudly displays on the rear windshield of a sherry Lumia Lumina that said a cost of a job at a local factory have an anger her boss, filled Gettys. Gettys say to Cater Bankruptcy attorney, owns an environment, a cellular insulation company in molten. Gettys didn't return phone calls from the Decatur Daily News about the alleged Thursday firing. Global safety consulted the lawyer, but then changed her mind about going to see him. She said she is cried about the incident, and must do without income for three weeks while the state of unemployment creation decides if she's eligible for compensation. Global safety was averaging 50 to 60 hours a week on the plan's bagging machine. The lady there at the unemployment commission said that she's never heard of a firing like this ever before, Gobel said, she gave this a count of the story. We were going back to work from break my manager told me that Phil said to remove the sticker off my car or I was fired, she said, I told him that Phil couldn't tell me who to vote for, he said, go tell him. She went to Gettys' office, knocked on the door, entered down his orders, fill another man who works there with theirs. She said, I asked him if I had removed the sticker, we said, yes I did. I told him he couldn't tell me who to vote for, but when I told him that he told me, I own this place. I told him he still couldn't tell me who to vote for. Gobel said, Gettys told her, get out of here. I asked him if I was fired, he told he was thinking about it. She said, I said, well, am I fired? He hollered and said, get out of here and shut the door. She said, I managed to withstand another woman. She asked if I meant for her to go back to work or go home. The manager told her to go back to work, but he came back a few minutes later and said, I wrecked in your fired. All right, good. And I wrecked in your fired. You could either work for him or John Kerry, Gobel said. I took off my gloves and threw them in the garbage and left, Gobel said, though she's unemployed and certain if she would get her job back, Gobel said she doesn't regret it. This isn't the key to sticker on her windshield. I would like to find another job, but I would take that job back because I need to work if you said it upset me and made me mad that he could put a letter in my check expressing his political opinion, but I can't put something on my car expressing mine. She was referring to a flyer, but if she if this is incredible. She was referring to a flyer that she said, get us placed an employee enveloped through mind of the positive impact that person enforces policies ahead on them and employ if the plan to wouldn't identify himself confirmed the contents of the letter. Gobel provided a copy of the flyer that says, just so you will know because of the Bush tax cut, I was able to buy the new hammer mill, I was able to finance our receivables, I was able to get a new cat skid steer, I was able to get the wire cutter, I was able to give you a job. It further says, you've got to benefit from the Bush tax cut, everyone deed. What a bunch of mugwants man, unfreakin unfeelable, believable. Just to become a mercenep and well, say that right now. 567560 pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless single wireless lines like it a few calls in here today, a little bit more relaxed than yesterday when we had to just fly through this thing. Yeah, because we had to criminal those extra spots. That was heavy. Do the as a matter of fact, now that you mentioned that, let me take a look at the, oh yeah, she's done in the game. There you go again, girl, or whatever you are. The water not see, she's done it again. She's crammed four minute breaks three of them in the wonder one thirty half hour. So those of you who wanted me part of one clock, you're excused. Okay, bye. On the outside. Oh, because we had to have Marlon pregame coming up on 30. We should have won a sacrifice in the end and it's possible because that's our motto at QM spots, be us. This is long as we get to spots and we do have a flying crap about anybody or when we can get the information writer, servicing our cows. And by the way, Adam, I still didn't hear any more about those shutters. I should have to think about how that whole thing's going to end. I think it's going to end in a very ugly way. Line nine is with this WQA in Hello. Yeah, what is it? Okay, that was it. That was it. WQA in Hello. What the shit, oh my, yeah, oh. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 6 B. I could do this is good because we're going to get a whole lot of good calls in here. You're right. This is that restaurant since they closed down. Which one is that? She's there. Yeah, the she's there. I got lots of shit there. Oh, you can eat. Lots of wine. She got. Oh. I don't want to go there. I think I can smell some. I think it's coming from the south. Maybe I should start. Maybe I should start singing cinnamon song from the song of the south. But if you wait in Hello, yes, my dear. Yes, sir. It sounds exactly like your voice. Thank you. I thought the woman in Alabama got lots of a job over that. I'm, but she not go to court over there. I don't think she could possibly lose that. Because I guess she stupid. She stupid is a, where they come here. Yeah. She doesn't want her at home and I don't know. Thank you. Right. You, you get right on. Okay. Collegood Lord, if you can find one, of course, it'd be one of them. They're at home, JJ. Yeah, be one of them. Y'all. Good. You probably probably knows Mr. Whatever's name was, Giza or whatever. They're going to work it over all. That's right. You bet. WQM Hello. QM. Yeah, I want to have a really with a mug warmness. WQM, hello. Okay, then marriage, that case. WQM, hello. You got, Giza. You know, I just wanted to point out in case, I don't know if you actually catch any of the Howard Show at the end. No, I do not. No. I didn't think he did, but I just wanted to say, make mention that, you know, Duff and Clarence or whoever it is, it's pushing the button. And when they, when they get going, it really makes for quality radio, you know what I mean? I don't think what you mean. They've just pushed the button and it drops and it drops and you don't, you can't hear anything. Saw your hearing. You can't ask an honest question. Seriously. I mean, you're not in the radio business, right? No, not even though you're not in the, you're just on the outside as a listener. Yeah. If you were in this business, would you put a program on the ear that you had to have two people sitting in a button? In other words, you had so little confidence that you could air the content of that program that you had to keep pushing a yellow button and dumping and dumping? Well, it would be the point of doing that. I'm screwed up the whole line up of the entire radio station to put a program on the ear that you can't allow to be on the ear. Well, what's the point in that? So, Fox? What is it? So, Fox, perhaps? Oh, so, Fox. What a coincidence. Newt on another thing. The girl that says the American F in way, can you play that whole thing? No. Nothing. Oh, oh, the voice man, I think he's talking about. Yeah, the one on the other. He did the, yeah. That's the American way. Yeah. I got it. I'll have to, I'll have to redo that just like I did the drop there. I'll redo it for you just to make it. Oh, the voice man has other things in there that we can't play. Like why? Poles. Really? Really? Okay, I still like I said no, but have a great day. No, we can't, we can't say or plan anything anymore. Thanks basically to one Ojo on Provocitor in town, who evidently is up to his old tricks again. And so, see, this is one thing about the religious genetics to self-profane, polier than vows. Oh, for a better than you are and you're about to pervert, but in the meantime, they just can't even live up to their agreements. And no matter what it is that they say, they're lying through their teeth. So, we're on the, okay, loony tunes. We're on your crap and you just can't restrain. You can't control yourself because you're obsessed with me, and since with his program, obsessed with how it's turned, it has nothing to do with cleaning up the airways. And the idea that all of American broadcasting is going to have to come to a screeching halt, and we have to have two people sitting on yellow buttons because of one individual who's decided that he was appointed himself as the moral sensor for main type on acceptable is what that is. Trust me when I tell you. 1056 at 560, because if one person wants to break an agreement and the other one very easily can and really unleash a torment of truth about who's responsible for why you keep hearing him dumb so now with Sergio and why that goes on. Trust me, like I said. Anyway, if you got a business or if you're in charge of ordering in touch, thermo carbon paper and supplies, I want you to pick up the phone right now and call 1-800-287-9212. That's the number four a laser recharge the tonal recharge cartridge specialist. It provides service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines to make a run just like brand new again. When you call 800-287-92-12, you'll say money and all your printing enough is equipment supplies, for those of you who haven't called, what could you possibly be waiting for? When you call 1-800-287-92-12, you'll be dealing with just Bob who's been supply business in South Florida with what they need most cases within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% of new cartridges as compared to depopricing to all the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured not refilled. Any schleph on a screen corner or anywhere in a world can set your cheap refill cartridge, but you only get one of your pay for a survive buy crap. Remain your factory cartridges are the only way to go. Write down this number of colleagues folks as soon as you can because they'll save you up by the money. 800-287-9212-A laser recharge farther into the visualized service. I know for you a no questions ask satisfaction guarantee. So whether it's toner, cartridge is all of these. All of these things. Just pick up that phone and call just Bob and A laser recharge toll free. 1-800-287-92-12 or log them to the website A laser recharge.com 1-800-287-92-12. The banana republic baby only in Miami. This November, make your voice heard in a city at 90-year-up to the way. This November, software active on. Hello, I'm Phil Collins today. Please join me in the other adult contemporary friends and software developer. What are you? In their art glory. That's right Phil. I'm Gloria Estefan. Get on your feet, come on and make it happen. Register the suns rock the voice today. If you stop paying attention to the issues about the same time you stop paying attention to music, then you adjust the time we need it. Suns rock the voice. So if I'm dairy's rocket, the booty in the blow pitch. Remember me? Yeah, that doesn't matter. As long as you remember the software's a vote, don't you agree Michael? Hey, I'm Michael Bolton. And if there's one thing a man loves more than a woman, this is right to express political opinions. Just outdated his station music. So whether you're in the dentist office, an elevator to the supermarket or a grandma's house, get down, but not too loudly or rhythmically. And register to rock the boat. All right. It's 11 or two. Well, I like that. What was that? Drop a piece. A little oyster bonus. I love this. Thanks. We just got this is a great idea. Reminds me of that cab ride I told you about it. When I did about that, there are completely camera ever who was fall asleep. I covered a lot of territory anymore. Dark complexity. Yeah, so he was fall asleep at the wheel and it was about two thirty in a morning. I was like, I kept hearing my throat real loud as if to say, are you a wakers? It's just am I assuming because you're weaving all over the road. Maybe you're just a bad driver or both of these. Oh, I just don't know. Just to mention, maybe you're falling. Anyway, the fact is, I want to die the same of my grandpa, the bus driver died in a peaceful sleep. Not yelling. This is so great. Not yelling and screaming like his passengers. That's great. And of course it would have been the same and that cab ride back from a woodbine. That would teach me to be plunging my brains up. Never would have done it again. Anyway, how do you think you will die? That's our full question today and magnificent. How come our audience don't fashes in more polls, man? We get some great ones from this crowd. But when they do come in, they're pretty good. How do you think you'll die? All age-sized natural causes reading the way 45, which one's thinking? That's what I voted. 144 are got in good genes. I can't get in my on, but I got good genes. Part of fact 41, cancer 25, boredom 16. Oh, and especially the afternoon. Oh, go, go, go, go, go. Come on. Bring a hopper back. Where'd you please? Let me just finish the full before I go off on that. All right. Mathematics at nine, terrorist attack five or in a hurricane. Three. Look at the fact, are you watching CNN? No. Did you see the blubber on that kid? It was every about like a 1920 year old guy. Not about looking kid as matter. In fact, he had boobs like even Oprah's aren't that big. I mean, just they could have boobs. Yes. I'm seeing some now. That's what I'm talking about. That's what you're looking at. Yes. Oh, look at there's boob zombie. Anyway. Now what's that was all you're going to talk about? The humpar was going to go off on that and then you interrupted me with a bunch of boobs. Look at those porkers, man. Look at that fat. Oh, look at that. Jesus. I'm on a fat. Oh, yeah. Anyway, let me just tell you right now. Fat is gross. Taking from somebody who sees it in the mirror all the every time I get out of the shower. I look at her. Oh, it's years. Go test. Fat is really nauseating. All right. After I want to make any of you other fat people be sad. I mean, feel real bad about it because then it was frustrating and very difficult. And, you know, it's easy. But one of them things when fat is bad, it kills you and it looks like crap. Fat people are just and you know the people are really great my heart. What we talked about this before are like people who really would be very, very great looking people male female in between. And if they were so fat, right, do I mean if not for? Yeah. If not for the fact that they had all that punch on their, uh, right, that is tragic. Yeah. And you want to say them kind of you. It was about 30 or 40 pounds. I might like, uh, you know, I have to come see you again. You want to and sometimes I do. Do you really? Yeah. Well, our bomb and back. So you're keeping it roughly. I'm trying to talk about my good friend, I'm hyper and keep it. I think that's what the best way to improve stuff. In fact, how pit is it possible? First of all, I mean, I know my agent has shown up. You know, he's obsessed with his, uh, factory and factory and all that. That's all he knows in baseball. That's basically it. But, uh, what kind of an agent and a lawyer could hang care to hop her a big shot like him that's on TV, they should write everything. That allows this crap to go on where we keep reading like Saturday. There was another very jackass piece about, well, Hank Overson, nobody still hasn't heard from Greg Reed. And they still don't know whether he's coming back. And I mean, how long you put up with that? Sure, he's getting paid for not working, but in the meantime, he's got like all these years invested in the marketplace, probably, uh, and, uh, and, uh, like the end of this still, uh, waffling on this, see, I just don't buy this idea that I'm going to sit back and allow any of these sports franchise people to decide who I'm going to have on a year. That's what really frost my ass. It's like before I started on this station and it was Christine and Laura on, the voice of the almost defunct panters. By the way, midnight tonight, uh, that's the end of hockey for a long time. But, uh, and anyway, uh, and remember there's, uh, well, Wayne's going to be very upset. He won't allow an opportunity or rather his neighbors on the RQ and because we know full of the offense right away. Well, I didn't happen nor should have happened. Just because we have a bunch of sports franchises on the idea that we let any of those people decide who can be on the year because you remember the first hang suspension when we were on this station, where we on there was it before we came here. I don't know which one the first one was. Oh, it was because he mouth off about screwing up. Oh, that was the one. No, I was the original friend and joined a nice vacation during that. Well, at any rate, and they made up his bogus story about he, he ripped the food in the press box at P.P. Park, and that's why he was suspended. Does anybody believe that, carbon, you know? So I think it's been really old and fond of this, the fact that they keep finding ways to suspend the fat Humper and with it without paying, and then being screwed over the audience, the audience, remember the pull we took last week, cut for you forget. It was when I was down there two weeks ago. I think it was. Yeah. Who the audience wants to hear in the afternoon? It's not even closed. Dead last way way on the ass end of that pull, which is the smidgen, not barely even showing. It was the guilty and his former apartment crying. No, no, no, no, no. No. And the most time goes by them all we keep ordering what is going on in this place. When is this name? When is Gregory Reed ever going to get his act together already? And talk about lies. Oh, well, I'll get to that later. Talk about a man who couldn't hit his straight story. If he's like dependent on it, he put a now that if the assault weapon ran out of midnight last night, if you put a button 8447 and a New Zealand stuck on both inside of the truth. Here's a fact from Devon who says I have a huge problem with John Kerry. The biggest one being where the hell is he? He seems to disappear at times. No kidding. As much as you and I hate her kneel, John Kerry should have skinny ass. Was it? Have a skinny ass on big Oprah show? Talk to a soccer moms about health care and education. He should be an MTV telling kids that he knows what wars are like and wouldn't send me to die for no good reason and would not a plan. He should be on Leno and Letterman, not that dead lizard, I'mus. He and Senate, which should be all over America, any other liberals above of any of the public airways. So much that we need kick his ass in and get before it's too late. Absolutely, they correct sir. I guess watch. It looks like, see, I totally this before the show. And I've said it. I'm going to say it again over and over again after I mentioned that look for the QM fan right now. At the show station, just twice at I-95, I'm sure in straight. The one over there by where Paxon used to be, where we used to work at WIOD, which we hate like poison. Just twice as sure in the street on August, it's an only five on sure in the big shell station right by where George lives. Stop by to pick up tickets to tomorrow's modern Zexball as game of the pro. You don't have to spend the week or they don't have to kiss him and yell on the lips and do anything else. How do you guys do to say, hey, how about some tickets to the game tomorrow? You got him. Right? Right. Do what right now. Now, all this about to say, oh, when Kerry blew it big time. They gave him that opening. You could do driven a fleet of Mac trucks through it. When they asked him if you knew, I mean, this is after they're admitting finally these Nazis in power have sacrificed over a thousand American lives over there and countless thousands of Iraqi lives liberation by decaditation. Emancipation by palpitation. And they said, if you knew back when you voted, cast that vote to give the person power to go to war. If there were no weapons of ash destruction, that this whole thing was based on a pack of lives, what would you have changed your vote? No. Huh? And everybody's like, did we, are, is, do we need a hearing aid? I mean, do we really hear what we thought we just heard? Sad again? No. That was it. Although I will say this that the, the draft agenda stuff that's finally coming out, which we know about for a long time, but to me, the best of either one to tell us about it. That's starting to have a little impact because, newsweek last week, before the draft agenda stuff came out about Bush and the real fact that we on a shadow about that, he was a wall and didn't show up. He was 11 points out last week and that poll now and newsweek's new poll only five points. So maybe this like a little, a little tiny ray of light at the end of the tunnel. You're looking at what you've been active with an ophthalm or a telescope and wait out there. And of course, it's seven weeks from today's election. Seven weeks from today, counting. So I want to get you nervous, Kerry, but time is running out. We'd better kick it in the gear right now. Better, crank it up a notch or two, sweetheart. And like Marine Dauze said yesterday, what they'll happen to a John Edwards? They got him in a broom closet somewhere. He was supposed to be the golden boy. Maybe he was still with a spotlight. And while that spotlight, Kerry, sure, is not even a spotlight. We need to put, and of course, for Baba, he's a home in Chathakaw recuperating, probably getting some getting service to be now and then, and certainly not by that ice princess. Anyway, some more bad news from Iraq. Bad news, Delarak. A saline stay launched two-dilly assaults at Iraqi police targets, killing 47 people in a car bobbing at a police recruit line and bagged that, and 12 police officers in a drive by shooting in Bakabab. Where's that Bakabab? No, in his longest website that ate post-incranes of responsibility for both the tax-by-group affiliated with Jordanian militant Abu Masab al-Zahar Khaway. Oh, not again. Deadly attacks against police targets have been accustomed in the Iraqi insurgency as rebels attend to intimidate Iraqis and torquent from joining the fledgling government security forces whose growth and power are important to Iraq's future stability. Futures stability might ask, okay. You got a bloodbath going on over there and it's getting worse air-free single day. And the public says, oh, but he's so good on that war on terrorism. And all of a reports put out that he was a total favorite of war on terrorism. If there is no real war against terrorism and go confuse the public for the fact because Oprah gave a card to every bitch in the audience yesterday. So, Bug-off. And more boxing jury's springer. Oh, speaking to Jerry's springer. Oh, my God. How did I always forget about Angela Hudachek? I think you're pardon. Not Darcy Hudachek. The Chuck. Angela Hudachek. Who the stars? Don't you know this Texas woman did you see her on there? No. What showed did they have her on last night? I'm going to tell you this. Texas woman, the daughter disappeared. The 12-year-old daughter? Okay. And the stepfather, the stepfather wrote love letters and said he was madly and I know would be the daughter and now she's elected to Disney world and she's been all over and uh huh? No, I don't know about that. Oh, man. You talk about a, it was like an honor audition for Jerry's springer. I have never seen such a mug bump woman in my life. I just, I can't believe it. And you got a little bit nervous when the daughter told her, well, that he means the stepfather. Daddy touched my poopy. But she don't think he ever done it again. Ur boy. Tell me that after late at five, 60 WQA, I'm happy to do two to him. Marlins and they are kicking ass baby. Now the cutters of one yesterday, 72 don't like George Cordes, give you any more phony balls for his. In fact, whatever he tells you, the opposite is true. Take them to the track, whatever horsey grids just cross it out. Okay. Ever hit picking until his only one left. And then that's one to punch your guts on. Where did I get him today, Josh? He's just joking you. I think he's brain is about the size of him. See you. Oh, speak of that. If you're on the acumen, the South Beach, you're gonna bust your many low carb sugar free diet, head for the lights of West Boca for years now. The lights is helped thousands of low carb diners out there. Get rid of that disgusting fat. I was talking about only moments ago and achieved their weight lost goals. And I'd be like some of us go through celebrating their 14th big fat anniversary with special discounts. About the 50% off on low carb product like Carbo Light Turdy Light Carbsets and lots more. And as their anniversary super special, you can save half off on all atkins, brand foods and supplements too. Don't forget their fantastic, slice of low carb bakery items like cheesecakes, reds, rolls, brownies and lots more. And as always, it's a delight. And this is one of the great things about this store. You can sample anything in the store before you buy it to make sure you like it. They got an eligible staff who knows who they know, it's low carb diet inside them out and they're open every day until them too. Don't forget that guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins, Carbo Light Turdy Light products and Delights, they will not be under sold. Delights of West Boca, you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to the ubiquitous Boston market or column toll free at 1 877 low carb or on the web it's low carb dot com that's L.O.W. C.A.R.B. Don't forget the likes of West Boca the one and only your official atkins retail centers. The new Rogers and welcome back to jeopardy 2077. I'm Alex for that with it. Which date is I winning for the past 92 or years can Jennings? The new manager is going to be here at that number nine. Oh it should be noted that during the great space battle of 242 Mr. Jennings was re-animated as a cyborg was won a grand total of 987 quadrillion dollars. 10. I'll take things on the I know for 10 million atkins. This rare plutonium ice is low plus why is 94.11 dash J correct and this is a time I'm now going to give the answers to all the other remaining questions. Well that's 90 irregular. What is under round? That's a week in death can buy and put in a bad bit or a blanket. Well I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. I can't get it. Well join us tomorrow for another two-ling edition of jeopardy 2097 followed by a few of these of spheres of fortune. 11.15.5.60. WKM I have something coming off me printer right now that you're going to just love. All right. Here it is. Oh okay. A lot of pages of these two pages okay. That's the first one in my head right now. I'm going to reach back and grab the other one. Tashpattert. A business school professor who taught George W. Bush and Harvard University in the early 70s says the future person and told him that family friends and told strings to get him and be Texas Air National Guard. Abu Garraves this so Chikainery this farce this big answer this is another and a long series of lies continues to be unmatched and just in the new convene. Yoshi Tsurumi in his first on-camera interview on the subject told CNN that Bush confided in enduring an after-class hallway conversation during the 1974 school year. He admitted to me that to avoid to be at nom draft he had his dad he said his dad's friends skipp him through the long waiting list to get him to the Texas National Guard Tsurumi said he thought that was a smart thing to do. While the campaign as we spotted directed at Tsurumi's allegations why has communications directed to Dan Bartlett said last week every time President Bush gets near another election all the new into a room was about President Bush's service National Guard come to the forefront in other words they started in a little bit too close to the truth. Bush said in the past that neither he nor his father saw special treatment for him any allegation of my dad and for special favors is simply not true we said 99. So when we said Vietnam was a hot topic among the 85 students in his class when he was a visiting associate professor at Harvard from 1972 to 76 he now teaches at Brut College in New York. What I couldn't stand and I told him and he was all for U.S. continuing the fight with the Vietnam or that means he was all for other people Americans to keep fighting and dying but not him. Kind of sounds like what's going on now don't it? Little bit but all his buddies the chicken hawks and eocons the lunatics. Tsurumi got to know Bush when the future president took his economics environmental analysis for management EAM it required to semester class from the fall of 73 of the spring of 74 Bush's first year at Harvard's business school. Tsurumi said he remembers Bush because every teacher remembers their best and worst students and Bush was in the latter group lazy he didn't come to my class prepared Tsurumi said he did very poorly. Tsurumi conceived that he disables of Bush's politics he would letter the editor of his hometown is for these scars they'll inquire that he wired of the president's claims to be a compassionate conservative somehow I found him to be totally devoid of compassion social responsibility and good study Discipline to Rumi said what I do remember about him as he was all the kind of flip was all the kind of flip and statement study made Instead of classroom as well as outside Tsurumi said he's not working for any democratic group or for the carry campaign you only activity I do is to vote for our carry he said. But Tsurumi's been speaking out against Bush by giving newspaper radio interviews the professors comments former Texas politician former state House Speaker Lieutenant Governor Ben Barnes said it was he who got Bush in the guard The audio and anybody who don't want to believe it you're just starting in a win storm, okay? You're farting into that big drug and a hurricane in the Gulf now. What's all this other stuff you said wow Butter pages as pages as stuff It is if you live in Boca Well, let me just read it cool here. Okay, is this oh? Well, let me give it a shot. Okay. I have to trust your judgment on this, all right? All right Which is sometimes okay, and then of course sometimes Then he speaks principal Jeff McKee said now what is this from where is this from? I don't look from the bachelor's sheet. No, I understand that Volca principal under fire for making references to God when he speaks principal Jeff McKee He presents his true self a man who praise to God. Oh God, but then this may as several teachers McKee has spoken of God as staff meetings at least three times since he became Boca retones high school principal year ago is a temp as to start a Bible class for students also is made some parents question is devotion religion free public education This is a public school and this is for the son's son. I see. Thank you Earlier this month McKee told teachers he had asked God to help find him a foreign language instructor in sure enough He appeared he knew the story might offend some on the stat, but he said he feels compelled to present himself honestly Well, why doesn't he pray that that hurricane? I've been busy Doesn't go into the dolphin just vanishes up in the air so all and people are gonna die there in Alabama Louisiana Mississippi and gonna die. Why does he pray for something useful like that instead of some stupid ass before my language teacher? Sure I don't think there's anything wrong or one constitution with acknowledging God in public he said the president talks about God frequently And that's the problem. I believe it's appropriate for public officials to make references to God as long as they particular church isn't being promoted or put down Why can't they stop? Why can't all the God squad? Why can't they stop it? McKee called public education God's work and made other references to God to teach your meetings last year He also tried to start a class this year called if you're watching to the Bible Oh, that's on a particular religion. There's and he must have been talking about the Quran. What is it? Right? Are those tablets that Joseph Smith took to and felt the crappy in the morning? Their classes approved by the state, but he canceled it because of a lack of student interest he said he might try to be a next year Turin Vicki, Tepetini complaining a key about the course and a since been monitoring his performance. We're monitoring you She said she asked him why he thought it was important the public school students are in the Bible. He said it was the greatest book ever written And to me that's how some prejudice said, Kepetini a Roman Catholic I'm not anti-religion any way she said, but if I wanted my children have religious education I would have sent them to Pope John Paul the two high school A small group of teachers to his criticizing a principal who came to Boko from Spanish River high in Boko They say his religious references make them uncomfortable. They feel squeamish Kind like Watson and snake hand was he feels squeamish There should be freedom from religion in the workplace said hey go home you're homeless So whatever who teaches art he's crossing the boundary all the time The line between religion and public education is devastating the first amendment seemed simple But in practice the line is less clear Said Michael cars folks in financial association of secondary school for the school's on and on and it's just too much keep it out of the schools Okay keep the hockest focus on the superstition out of the schools out of the casinos out of the public places and go I'll into a broom closet and pray with a bunch of crap. Okay Pretty or fictitious wishful thinking God that's a mystic evil god that invented all these horrendous diseases and all these plays Locust all these things Not to mention all in creepy crawlies too and cockroaches Stuff like that. That's a bad news speaking of cockroaches. What a great segue. Yes, he's back on the floor to battle for the time being oh Old 65 corvary driving Ralph later. We just can't make him go away. You know the same old turds just keep showing up you turt year after year Independent presidential candidate Ralph native was back on Florida's belt yesterday as a candidate for the reform party But that slot is still shaky almost as shaky as he is It's quite a roller coaster ride said Kevin Zeas and later spokesman of Washington the state's top elections official Directed local license supervisor to include neighbors name after she and field a court order of the contrary Although circuit judge Kevin baby ordered secretary say plenty of hoodlicycle move neighbors name for a field Monday to the first district court of appeals suspended that order Baby has the power to be imposed his order and the state Democratic Party Which had challenged neighbors placement on the belly immediately last ever hold an emergency hurry to do just that But he's busy out on the bus cost somewhere screwing around most Democrats in any Republicans even agreed the neighbors presence on the 2000 ballot cost war the presidency not to mention of course the phony count He liked that She had board says well probably his name ought to be on there because otherwise tree might win the state and that would be bad You know our finance governor Jim Bush that way 27 past 11 at five sixty wq a m I got the wrong copy here Oh Well, I don't want to do that to our good friends if broad concepts they've been out with us for a very long time And I want to make sure I got all those other phone members right You know the ones I'm talking about no which ones the wrong ones no the special ones The wrong ones in the copy that try usually provides for us for many years now over 25 as a matter fact Right conscious sets us help keep your carpet clean the healthy over 20 years in my house They've been doing it and right now dry concepts stands ready to help you return your house in normal If you've actually self water damage from hurricane Francis They've made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services help us come in from several more than states with an abundance of equipment to help with the restoration process So if you need help first try to main drag concepts number tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 if you can't get through try nine five four 2 14 69 24 or 9 5 4 4 4 4 4 92 76 or 9 5 4 2 on 4 69 23 again if you got water damage from hurricane Francis and lot of you folks did Drag concepts is waiting to help you restore your home back to its normal state Nobody will do a job like they'll do for your comment that's all free number 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 9 You're Susan. New Roger Boy things Gets the woul. I'm crazy, it was just that he never took the point, it's just something else champagne We're the strawberry in it, it's got got everything, it's just the top love in it It's got shit hammer, it's got a disco, buy a Christmas tree And this little bit later on I'll go on and kill it and spray it, it's got tape Oh yes, I'm very used, for it's a little bit, I need to do it Oh yes, I will be in pain, should've done it over my top side or breathe I'm 33, 27 older than 5, 6 don't forget go to that QM band right now as I speak before Then tickets are all gone, are they gone yet? I see, QM band is just a shell stage, and I need to write it up on Sherems Street Start by to pick up 3 tickets for tomorrow's Marlins Exposed Games The double head or the pro tomorrow If I maybe they'll do it tickets for both of them, if you talk real nice but I doubt it Anyway, where were people in Closty? No. People in Closty representate San Francisco Peninsula in Congress He was a Republican from San Francisco 1963 Or in the Navy Cross Silverstar, two purple arts is a Marine rifle Platoon leader during the Korean War, and Rop is common for the Mercury News on a West Coast He says, if you're a true Republican, you'll vote for Kerry Although I'm a lifelong Republican, he writes, I'll vote for John Kerry on November 2 The choice seems simple on a traditional principles of the Republican Party I first met John Kerry in the spring of 1971, each of us was just back from Vietnam He has a Navy officer in Eisenhower of Congress, and we're appalled by what we had seen there I found Kerry to be idealistic, courageous, and above all else truthful to what's full He demonstrated courage in Vietnam, but his Oliver Wendell home's junior one said The courage to speak against forbidding opinion and civil strike is often greater than that Demanded on the battlefield During Kerry's public career after his election of the Senate, he's clearly grown and mature I believe he's incapable of deliberate deceit or dissembling This along represents a refreshing hope for return of public faith in our government That Kerry has attained the solid support of former Secretary of Defense William Perry But whom he has worked for years and issues of nuclear proliferation, Conferences of the ability to study, listen, and reach sound judgments The primary issue in November will be who can best lead us in the bitter struggle against the Islamic Fundamentals Go perpetrated 9-11 and willing to die to kill Americans throughout the world The Iraq occupates his cost thousands of new suicide bombers to join the Gihad against us With Kerry's present, and the nation will properly refocus the battle away from Iraq And against the true enemy Al-Qaeda As Kerry has stated, we desperately need the cooperation of every country in the world-friend and enemy Where terrorists can germinate and operate. We need to be more humble and asking for the assistance A return of these fixed-offly, but Kerry a big stick philosophy of Teddy Roosevelt Should be far more effective than the Bluster, Bravado, and Shocking off firepower Of a neocon advising who who come and dear what house foreign policy There are many other reasons to support John Kerry The incredible budget deficits projected to be 2.3 million dollars or more than the next decade This respectfully united nations international homies, Univoconventions Seclusions and government all of these things are positions Kerry would certainly reverse As a Catholic, Kerry assured to maintain the constitutional separation between church and state Recognizing that while indeed we are nation under God everyone has free to choose his own faith in God Or not in which he left out He will also end the enormous secrecy that is characterized as administration It seems inevitable that a matter of importance is our national energy policy Could be decided in secret by vice president. It seems incredible that I say inevitable It seems incredible that a matter of importance our national energy policy could be decided in secret by vice president Big Cheney's energy task force individuals who is very names of him with help from the public Kerry's record on environmental issues a superb an area where the Bush administration has been a disaster Finally, there is the matter of John Ashcroft and prospective judicial appointees who could undo roe versus Wade A woman's rather choice and many of these civil liberties we've earned over 2 to 25 years Each of the four going reasons for supporting John Kerry is based on traditional republican values of fiscal responsibility Limited governmental intrusion and accountability of individuals in truth John Kerry and John Edwards come far closer And the republicanism of Teddy Roosevelt role war in very gold water George Bush the other NES even Richard Nixon Then does the present incumbent ending secrecy and bringing truth and honesty back to the White House those reasons enough for like Kerry and Edwards How come he ain't saying that that's what I like to know he's another one of those cowardly veterans Yeah, right Man, how come they're not articulating their vision? How come they're not attacking and I don't want to keep going through it because it's so dangerous It's so damn frustrating. Oh sorry Joyce. I didn't say if I was thinking it you idiot 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get about oh we got like less than two hours to go in of course once we get to one o'clock We need to beneath the baby the volume's over. We're just really vlogging And that let Josh play the rest of the spot so we can both leave I mean, that's a good idea. Stern can do one how can I right 20 minute breaks baby We just won't do any breaks from now to like about on no quarter to one. That was his lump of all in there from 1245 to 130 how's that sound? Oh, I just I don't understand this. That's going on. I do not understand and and the one thing that I want I want everybody who's listening to me right now To make it to listen very carefully to what I'm going to tell you Okay, and this this is beyond the shadow of a doubt. Wait, let me turn the TV on I want you to think about a guy who's standing on the 15th floor balcony of a Big hotel. Let's got a swimming pool. Okay, overlooking the pool And he goes to the edge of the balcony and he's got a bet he's got a $10,000 bet with his buddies that he's got a jump off And I've got it in the bed pool and go right slash in the middle and come out. They're with a big smile on his face. Okay, the only problem is he doesn't look to see If there's any water in the pool. That's great. Read. And Greg we can sit with a straight face or with a spingor when that hole in his head or whatever he wants and tell people that he had a discussion with me about How the Howard Stearnster was going to impact this show and the station and the audio and all of these things All of you straight and he's telling you crap. Okay, because he I haven't had any conversation about anything of any substance for more than like 30 seconds When he sticks his head into around the verification what I'm there. Thank goodness. The fact the last time I had any conversation with him was that phone call I got from him. When I was sitting right here About how he decided to terminate George Rodriguez. Because somebody was like holding his feet to the fire and wanted your ass fired because he had the audacity to Facts me those emails was very amusing emails from people ripping him an ass. I don't want to mention it. I don't know what the name on here. Remember that? I'm sure you do. I had to go to bat as usual for the foreign return to save your little ass. That's the last conversation I've had of any significant timing to do with the show with the station of anything. Anything other than hello and goodbye and usually they even hello or goodbye. So he can be talking crap out his ass about how he did this now. He just operated this thing and now now let's suffer the consequences. Now let's see how it's going to affect everybody and how to help we deal with it and what are we doing who's on first and set it with so on even rainman That's right even Dustin Hoffman and rainman had a better concept of a clear clue what I was going on around him At least he knew the good underwear was it came out and Cincinnati anyway Okay, but it's not well, that's what you think and by the way, don't ever get in the phone with him. Press the beautiful congratulations, Caroline It's telling you to be I want to help them On the apprentice who without Trump Will be this station's armlock Rolls the highway, stay bring back Sam No matter who makes his true Trump will be with them It'll make him look like swine Who's chosen Caroline He'll make him want to Yeah, let's stop that day's arms Trump On to 148's How long There's a ZI and B.C. We've got a big old run All the way, you don't care because he's done a strong catch over the river scene Still wears your ass jeans And all he has is a strong He comes back strong because he's done a strong We've got a never-ending old way would be light and a hell of old in your own house On to be in bed with that hot moment you come now On the way you wear his hair Let's feel he will lie, stay He'll make you feel like a child Boy is every more adult Trump On to 148's Amen He puts the M.A.N. in Maine With that stands for What does that stand for? Much to do about nothing People who have a lot of money More power too Nothing wrong with having a lot of money Even if you stole it like some people did I'm not interested I'm not impressed By the way, I didn't enjoy your life Just get out of my face Why do we care about those people? What's his name? What's her name? What's her name? I don't know I don't know Well, driving my, this is a thanks for one-lister While driving my 15 year old home from a private Brown County High School He asked if I thought President Bush Mike here we elected I told him in his very possible law I hope not I asked how come you're asking me We responded his social studies teacher Told him that if Bush were We elected the draft was going to be We instituted So now my sentence is about the election The war in Iraq and the draft Well, that's good And hope your kid votes several times Even though he's not old enough, please close enough Right And And One has to wonder as much as we may agree With the social studies teacher What kind of stuff is that to be telling the students That if Bush were elected The draft is going to be We will hold it We will hold it But what kind of business is that for the social study Teach you I don't know what school it is It doesn't say it's probably just as well To be telling the students that if Bush were elected The draft is going to be we will we will Hold it we will hold it we will Disapproval the teacher Trying that but don't stop until after Number 2 Right Right Totally inappropriate It's like it's inappropriate For the god squad to be in different The focus focus in a way public school Especially Outrages Three hundred and some on votes on a poll There today three hundred and seventeen How do you think you will die? And of course last two or three weeks Laws hurricane crap going on I'm sure that's been rambling through some people's mind Wouldn't you think I think so Yeah I'm dying on the hair Right Hundred eighteen out of three twenty one say Of old age or natural causes Part of tech eighty nine Cancer fifty four And don't forget god invented a lot of these things Most of boredom forty one I think we invited that Traffic accident eleven in a hurricane five Or in a terrorist attack Oh my god Only five So I guess this audience isn't getting sucked into that Bush hysteria machine as far as getting everybody all whipped up into a frenzy All we're gonna die the terrorists are gonna get us We gotta keep bushing there for another fifty years You know first him for four more and then we got Jim for eight more years after that Then we got George P after that for eight more years Then we'll all be dead anyway No don't forget no well No yeah forget about her she could be the first Rip Morton we're in starting the president That she would be the first northern president We sure all know about that don't Yeah And then it's end of response from old Turgs like Bob Novak Well, we all know about his youthful and discretion Yeah, as youthful discretion was like forty right youthful and discretion by fat ass Well, a lot of great way that is just to say well I'm not gonna talk about those things anymore I've learned my lesson right that's great A board of king name I bet she said bunny would probably be glad to say the same thing to me I'm not gonna say that even on that crap no mo he did the same thing remember that interview Sure Shaiton in pornography That's right, Pornal done it And just imagine how much of our tax money we spent before you finally fried his nasty last God Katrina van Nguval definition rights ex-nater is speaking a need of being back on the floor to battle hopefully only temporarily Will nobody in the wake before the Fcd violence their language outside of it Fcd leader leader is changed tune If there was ever any doubt that Ralph made his former supporters understand that we defeated Bush's the top priority for progressives in this election It ended this morning Monday overwhelmingly majority of made his 2000 national citizens committee Is today strong statement urging supporters on carrying janitors in all swing states Among the more than 75 signers are filled on a few known choms keep barber Aaron right who use whatever New York times comes to come out against leader Jim high-tar ran to robots in Howard's in Tim Robbins any better Susan survived in ventcolon and curdle west This urgent call comes in time and it appears that either campaign is qualified for the valentine some 20s restates a minimum of 10 which are considered swing states Neither will probably also qualify for civil other swing state balance by the time of the election in a race which remains both close and highly polarized any of these states could end up as the new floor Ada and 50 electoral college vote to Bush God forbid that's well the 75 plus signers include a spectrum of views all are united around the single proposition And the national nightmare of Bush as no chance to describe as the start choice helpful like Bush or do something to try to prevent it A number of signers also stressed the importance of working to defeat Bush on behalf of the world community We're not just voting for ourselves as the local strategist Steve Cobble the entire world wishes they could vote in our presidential election So they could vote against George W. Bush against preemption bullying and new to lateralism Well, second three now Well, it's been going to train Robinson on Channel six who does a good job So muffler and see this morning in between press and that yellow button 80 meantime on the stern show and bushering up that show which he has no choice It came into giving the report that Miss North class once again the other day was trying to bring it back again with that little esker on Hurricane Ivan I'm going to tell you there's a special place in hell reserved for when the phrase like human is nor cross that keep you know See that's why Miss North cross and Miss come on or just like to Bush people keep trying to put the fear of crap into the public spirit I hell out of them, okay, so they'll keep you know right on the edge of the other seats keep tuned in their bullcraft This is I got a lot of stuff here. I'm going to read today. It's good. Good. No, it is good. I mean we could take some orders great calls for you. We're not building any poll today. I'll give you an example WQM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, I like talking Leo you're talking to him. This is a he Yes, yes, yes, yes, but I just got through saying okay, well you're saying the right you read the article the right is called the race is not going to be closed Sir Yeah, okay good to say yeah, right there is the evidence. I needed to continue with these bedtime stories today because we actually have almost a little bit of a show today because students finally Finally went out of gas at 10 30 we got like three hours today. How do you like that? Oh right carry stuck in political quiet Meyer writes Tim Harper There were a lot of material for you just to play for my real convenience In the Toronto star no, let's say he says don't carry as lost in the fog of word can't find his way out While the near legendary Republican attack machine is received much credit for the in snoring the Democratic presidential challenger His own Vietnam web carries great it is own no sin is demons with today's war in Iraq US casualties have topped a thousand bad that was in Gotham one of the deadliest days of the war yesterday There were growing suspicions that the US military has seen his large swaths of territory that he insurgents at Iraq So they won't be in bloody battle during the electoral homestretch back home Still carries muddled message on Iraq has done the near impossible pushing up George W. Bush's approval on his handling of the war with only 50 days off until election day Carrying me while was becoming dream for political satirist and a proverbial fish in the barrel for the Bush war room The man vilified as a waffler played right at that perception of the stop in Pennsylvania where he waxed rafts subtically about it a local restaurant Which brings the early special with the table with no menu That's the way about a work for confused people like me who can't make up our minds he told supporters The downturn for carry many beliefs started August 9 when he walked right into a trap He was asked a simple question. What he made Bush's challenge answer yes or no the quest of whether he still had a vote To go to war in Iraq knowing what he knows now. I'm ready for any challenge carries bottom of the answer It directly yes I would have voted for the authority I believe it is the right authority for the president to have but I would have used that Authorities I've said throughout this campaign effectively So many including his Republican opponents that sounded like he was saying that even knowing that there were no offensive as destruction Iraq carry still what had gone to war But carry had during the democratic primary character rise in self as an anti war candidate as he felt that he from the vending surge in Canada See of Howard Dean and again last week in Cincinnati He called the US led a factor wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time In the same speech he railed against the cost of the Bush war $200 million that they tell us we can't afford after school programs for children $200 million in a map of Patella's we can't afford healthcare for our veterans to a million dollars for a rep But they tell us we can't afford to keep the 100,000 police officers we put on the street It's just over a year ago he was asked by NBC Tim Russell what the spending on the Iraq worship be reduced No, I think we should increase it, Jerry said by how much was her ask I've whatever number of billions of dollars it takes to win he replied Carry as promised to reduce two levels in his first term than within a year within them within six months Everyone carry marked a thousand US death in Iraq last two days A milestone seemingly tailor made to give his campaigns in traction He appeared to a button the Bush-tandy man for the war in Iraq was a war on terror He honored the dead who gave their lives on behalf of freedom and the war on terrorism This came after the Democrats spent months criticizing Bush for linking Iraq and the war on terror even though there's no evidence That's that I'm saying at anything do with 911 A spokesperson David Wade later explained carry was referring to parts of Iraq to not become reading grounds for terrorists Carry has made the transformation from a candidate on both sides of Iraq to a candidate who is totally infohamant on a raxid Bush-tandy spokesman Steve Schmidt US presser or US secretary state colon pal related restated on Sundays need to press that there was no link between Sodom and I'm 11. Terry tried to recover with a statement that pal had come clean and was time for all abortion Administration to follow suit and the time magazine if you published this week Carry said his goal is to bring troops somewhat in the first term and within the first year He also said I've been consistent I wouldn't have taken the country in the war the way Bush did I would not put young Americans in arms with without a plan to win the peace I would not have interrupted his abruptly the effort to build alliances with other countries The frustration for Democrats watching time run down in this raises that bush the man who did more flopping and flipping the cellos war Is had a free ride for the past month last week Bushland has started as he has yet in the campaign Saying that if carry head is way Sodom which still be in power So there it is what I said before will he written better in my confetti say or not is a case maybe three minutes to limit five I'll go stick it's gone yet or what don't know why no Listen to the rise welcome on our The G.O.K. convention has taken do your city by storm and now they're coming to Broadway It's Republican some musical starring George W. Bush and Dick Cheney where a couple rich man But we're nowhere near is just areas like the reason Republicans The musical but right way has never been this right at the plant only party has never been this old 76 the average age in the room 76 ever take a couple years Listen to what people are saying about the public in the musical I cried I worried about the cheese help I've got a bad heart The doctor's look can add his charge And the other say at home ever live to see our second term star It's George W. Bush and Dick Cheney in the public in the musical join them as they've everything It's fire and explain their mental policy Well You Tell us what public in the musical now preparing for another four year run at the rose garden together Come on three at five sixty W. Kim some emotional cripple out there just send us to facts Who says Neil this is by far the sickest pool you are guys ever did yuck with a unhappy face drawn on I figured we'd get that eventually Huh Some people just Would you yeah, but you'd like everything else in life you have to deal with death with a sense of humor right But you could have to deal with it some day anyway there you go and we're Lord of course made sure of that So take your story on happy face and go jump off the balcony and then you can find out this to how much fun it is Don't forget that Qm van is way down. You're right now. Can't believe we still have tickets for that game like that's embarrassing The marlins are only a couple of games out of the wild card just a game and a half back of the cubs right on Everybody's ass making a move Look for the Qm van right now. It's a shell-staking just waste of i-95 on sure in the streets Not quite a pickup tickets to tomorrow's marlins x-foads double headers at pp park You can forget about but got about it as far as television catchphrases are concerned What do you think is TV is you haven't seen this story? No, don't cheat. What do you think is television's number one catchphrase right now? Hmm You're fired right very good. That's depressing You don't know have you noticed that I'm a friend Trump he wears those big suits, but Well, that's way if you were to see that bit I just played a little while ago that's had peddle But that's so he saw it about a 267 pound long for what every set. Yes, indeed Well, for cram a lot of money, but he's still to me I mean who cares about him he is so terminal I'd rather hear about scott and lacy Peterson that rather die a wicked death than ever hear about them again Lacy Peterson turned it up. Yes According to a new list issue yesterday of top TV buzzwords the favorite expression from the sopranos is so yesterday forget about it That is there were place by several new phrases this past TV season including Donald Trump Smeson's losses on the apprentice as well. Howard David would say you're fired it in Trump's famed as missile notice top the TV buzzword list issued for the 2003 2004 season by global language monitor a group which keeps track of word use. Oh, I bet you choice would have the get in touch with him Go back some choice words for Joyce Over there are nipples for Mars at the bees my headquarters, which we just can't say it even on the radio Yeah, right we'd well first there's a no-course there's Global language monitor ahead Paul JJ payac Said that post behind your fire did it was mess Opoetemia used on the daily show which on store to describe events in Iraq and girly man a favorite expression by To derive opponents use by Governor Carl California Schwarzenegger Some of the others in the top ten were wardrobe malfunction We know what that's all about That bitch Infectious disease from the ever expanding CSI detective series franchise I think it is at CSI ages. I like that one a lot OCD for months obsessive composite do this order and a stream makeover from me. I'll be shows Payac said that the words that are no longer hip include forget about it from the surprise and voted off the island from the Surabiversist can I get you know that you need sufficiently hip and cool in everybody will think I'm ready impressed Not Let's see here's a fact that says last that it was watching channel 10 sport dam with several on man-witch They have the segment with Paul Casper no one where where he goes to the metro as udasize up the dolphins next week upon it Is channel 10 that district where they have to put a no talent Howard sirn want to be on the airways? He was trying to be funny. It was horrible. I'd rather watch a police academy marathon than to see that turret on the air Is what it says Casper no, is he funny? No, is he amusing? Is he entertaining? No, is he have numbers? No, but ever no, yeah, channel 10. That's them Anybody that were put by lottery. I'll talk about eating You know what you expect from that all we do like down a lot And we're not talking about the coordinates and about the updates and the maps anymore because you know As far as hurricane I go, why was she we worry about that? I got about it right. Did see there you go that fit in real well right there. What's in great? Well comes in handy? Especially Him 5 6 I don't know what the reason because we only have about hour and 20 minutes and then that one to one 30 Half over that's really desperate. WQ and hello All spots radio hello Not there. WQ and hello You know it's actually pushing things up all wait a minute Final files what what just oh I see the dots yeah, I'm pushing nothing is happening All ever happen you before has it Well, I'm seeing the dots but nothing is happening so push up one and see what happens I got it WQ and hello Neil yes, sir yeah, I was also on that sports jam last night. Yeah, yeah, we're just saying how you noticed he was an I ate it lately Yeah, I saw my hideous road when I was down our last week. See I get rid of that there So what does this mean? You lost a lot of it I'm not a through a reset the computer restart whatever Okay, we got a social for notice you this whistle of toner someone There it is and I don't see the dots yet now maybe there they go and I see the lines just say Still I work in oh yeah, there. Hey, Neil. Nobody Q and hello. Yes, hey, Neil listen I like to take a video of those take a sister morning I got them I got them look at I call this for your volunteer to complain that I've heard of scutting your ass I but you know return to Polk all Yeah What a shock. We'll look into that. We'll get a committee to look in the other things working. I'll have to as we said you're right Oh, thank god I mean she's last year would not do it. It was not people take some of these fine calls from our soft food audience. That's that's the dreadn vutter the meat and potatoes man Of what it's all about in it Okay, listen call and Greg Reed wait for return call be like waiting for the shutters to go up on my house Ever get any more information about that that Adam coming from our sales department Breathlessly with an update on how come love that it would be a little bit about no And that's because that's the soft Florida effen way boys and girls Oh, yeah, we're gonna have that up for it this weekend for sure just in you know It's a damn good thing that that storm took a uter and I think they must have known who always do business with took a meter Man, oh man that is just it's so typical The South Florida way into a business. I'm gonna have to call action line. I think If things don't get straight up and buy tomorrow things if I don't have an answer I'm gonna call a line Is what I'm gonna do And then I'm just sure some of them liars off that at Alicia bridges WQA Yeah, I know I want to know how you're girlfriend choice is over there on the west coast Yes, I was watching my brother there didn't make them most or short and heavy extra from the extra BBB collection and at the end they had to make a funny to have a couple of outpapers, but it's just the cartoon They had the bad way and she's other and making the fucking to show in parts more can everything Yeah, this is being watched by little kids Well don't let you out here now a little kids are here in front and sounds all my god Yeah, they actually went on the nothing I care about for it. No, it's just ridiculous how juvenile Everybody's choice is being out there You could see that stuff on a DVD but what kids made by Danny? Absolutely correct you. I mean we are on there such a Gestapo like Mandate from the west coast you have no idea and it's so ridiculous and this bitch is about qualifies Qualified to decide what we can say and what we can say is my late little a mint in my the effect even he and his death and his a little Erne where we is right now. He's more qualified than she is Let me say I let you know that What if he had in the kids if when that part comes on if he says that the partner is just from the kid from He's probably on their fart and up the store right now, but are in the west coast it because of this conversation Have a great day paling you do buddy. Don't forget no farts But maybe they got a big sign like that with a circle with a slash through over there in four miles no 40 songs I mean whatever happened to your sense of humor Joyce the LCC isn't gonna find us if we play farting sounds on the radio Okay, screwing his play in farting sounds up the ass if I can say can I say that? Yeah, like I said I think Shoot yeah Just like the thing is there's that woman at Yahoo Traibertresh woman on there with the missing daughter last night on national I don't know what what show was on MSNBC one of them and Talking about how her her husband the girl stepfather tucked her poopy You like that I'm thinking we can't even play farting sounds in here on now. Of course it is cable understanding I'm pretty good. It was the the far humor that he was talking about has been part of regular TV kitty Of course Of course in fact it's really ironic because during the super bowl the same super bowl We had the Janet Jackson Flap all of that crap about the flat because of I mean there was that we got to write on our website still a picture in the Olympics Now how come when it went at the Olympics swim or how come when her boobie went top and up there? How come nobody raise the big stick about that? or because that was You know accidental athletic Competition thing oh I see so in other words a breast is is only evil of its intentional if you're flotting it right Where do you got the same piece of flesh the same nipple piece of skin if you should actually have a Pop out back on worldwide TV in the Olympics then it's kosher okay, right? What's like natural geographic? Yeah, well that's because that's on cubic television I mean a rotory it is now it's the movie so wild so horrific that your joss can't stop watching Even if there's a sexual pattern Good one quarters up a saw creature who looks like he came from outer space and makes noise and spit you'll never be heard on her And in the other quarter and a lia We just need A versus a sexual brother he couldn't be stopped by the police he couldn't be stopped by the courts So they said an alien Oh my god, what's your face? Sorry Oh the alien Oh my god Yeah, who want to a theater near UNC Alien versus sexual predator today Alien versus sexual predator is rated MDD and L13 for Michael Dunday nobody over 13 Yeah, and I lia it's What the hell was that? It's alien versus alien in hialia and sweet water 1217 at 560 WCM 130 we got tomorrow on's in the Montreal expose big gain At the P.B. Park and then double headed Mars starting at the 305 pre-in 230 moron we get out of here one three day How do you like that? I like it medium The mencha and the voter this article in the Washington Post is so on target for our soft-floor audience something they can relate to and of course you have to be crazy if you vote for a bush Move aside bad Florida torologist Mark Swordloff was taken a back on one of his patients with advanced dementia voted in the 2000 presidential election The man thought it was 1942 in Franklin D Roosevelt was president the patients vibrable That she had a score did or husband into the booth I said did he pick and she said no I picked for him this word love said I felt bad she have essentially voted twice in a forward election Which gave bush that alleged five hundred and thirty seven vote victory in the White House As Wednesdays with large-armony population such as Florida Gear up for another presidential election a sleeper issue has been gaining attention on medical legal and political rears screens Many people with advanced dementia Pat like our general man wear a peer to be voting elections including True absentee ballot although there are no national statistics two studies in Pennsylvania in Rhode Island found that Patients at dementia clinics turn out in higher numbers the much temporal population That's great. That's scary now if you wonder why people like bush are winning because it's only the crazy people at our voting About four and a half million Americans have Alzheimer's disease the most common cause of dementia Florida alone as 455,000 patients Consumers growing that people with dementia may be targets for partisan exploitation and nursing homes another Facilities even without a view of stemming a recent caregivers may undo the influence close elections Precisely because Alzheimer's disease in city-sleeor roads the ability to make reason judgments of Must be what grabs God it's somewhat unnerving to consider that patients would dementia may routinely contribute to selecting the leader of the free world Victory W Henderson and David A. Drakman wrote after the 2000 election in the journal neurology that's Victor Henderson a relation to Paul Henderson who scored that goal in 72 to give Canada that boring win over Russia Many people with mild dementia able to understand the issues in election but experts say there's no way to test voter confidence While many states have lost governing and by the way Paul Henderson a board again for an out of Religionist to I should point out while many states have lost governing who is eligible to vote attempts to disenfranchise voters with dementia could face Constitutional challenge unlike driving which is a privilege voting is a right So even if you're crazy as a bed bug you got a right I Think it is a very important issue. I think it's striking how little law there is on the subject said in when Edwin Irwin Schermer Minski a Political scientist and scholar at Duke University although they stick at an I voting rights to people in cable Understanding what was it's sake he said the legal challenges are gonna be on how best to find right and of course In Florida where you can get your driver's license be nude on the internet even if you're 145 years old and you're a triple MPT and you've got deaf dumb and flying problems Take the send your brand new sticker in a mail no problem So why shouldn't they let the the mentored ones vote right anybody anybody who can get there how could they vote worse? Then the notification which we probably won't count their vote anyway unless it's the way we like it still got those tickets at the event I guess yeah that would be scandalous. Well how many we got a lot What we do we well ever ever not only either that are we or we're just talking to ourselves now that might be it Vorse team new of abusive grunt animal. Maybe that's why we're not getting those sensational calls that we always get WQA and hello Say it's a how old man am I on top of it or whatever now I feel better because that was one of them Vorse team new of abusive grunt animal evidence of prison abuse and possible war crimes it and you know Really frost my asking for I go on with this which is very important Yes, they we did. I thought it was pretty good full way a lot of votes on it 1600 some odd which is amazing because we were only on like a couple hours yesterday At the very ass end of the show we find the god of lady to call about Tell come women are treated so poorly in which which groups? Treat them the worst the shabbyest one woman Yeah, I remember back in the day man when we were on a real radio station We always had no wasn't great a two-sharing woman video Considering it's a M radio right we always had a pretty and we had some women cars We don't have women cars. We don't have women listeners. We haven't got squat We're just vanishing right in the thin air like a rainbow land who I'm sure he wasn't a movie I keep saying he was in the invisible man quadrades cloud rains God I Mean wouldn't you think that's a would have been a lot of women never all wait and for Oprah to buy them a car I must have been yeah, they're not listening to am anymore really no more Hello Hello I told you we got all the I told you Hello, me. Oh, hi. I just want to thank you for the tickets. Oh, you got some tickets still I'm not in a free ticket lady and you have like a fist full of them. Oh, did he? Yeah, the fist full. I'm surprised you're dead. Yes. I hope you enjoyed the game. I will thank you very much for offering them. You're so welcome. Bye He had a festival who's out there in the vanism a yell Though it's up right. Oh, Frank. I heard you know I have no fistful No line nine WQA and hello I'm right. Yeah, I was watching sports jail. I was saying I have to get my white angle wins correctly because that Oh, yeah When he came on trying to be funny, he would she's not it broke my white screen TV I'll then might you send the bill to him? Yeah, well, he was in a big house. Maybe get for for it, huh? There you go. Okay, pal. Thanks to the good news. Been a care about him. He's small potatoes Just another pretend or just another one would be ripping off everybody else's material why they would put him on there Beats are hot of me, but you know, I like us they'll take the money and so will he Evidence of prisoner abuse and possible war crimes have get more reached the highest levels of the bush administration is early and Autumn of 2002 The Donald rum spell they defend secretary chose to do nothing about it according to a new investigation Publicist exclusively in the British newspaper the guardian yes, turned day The investigation by veteran journalist him or her course one former marine at the camp recalling sessions in which guards would f with the pennies as much as they could Find flitting pain on them That's f as in right. I want to get joys all been out of shape the bush administration repeatedly assured critics that in You know something we ought to like put our feet now. We want the fart sounds back. Okay. We ought to demand that A couple other words Yeah, like And the other bag to right and also Scumb Right yeah The bush administration repeatedly assured critics that inmates were granted recreation for his but one Pentagon advisor told her shop for some prisoners They consisted of being left in straight jackets and intense sunlight with the hoods over their heads. How do you like that? I don't believe it. No one would have to think yeah, they left it as a hood would do such a thing Oh Let's abuse some more prisoners Make them scream nice and loud Get me some words and a fat shrimp pack I don't care if they hate from my reaction You use you to the torture Cause they're just laying their game in the past It had to be worth it the time who stay First provides details on how president George W. Bush side off on the establishment of a secret unit It was given an advance approval to kill our captured interrogate high-value suspects Considering by many to be in the finds of international law and officially unacknowled program that eventually was transferred wholesale from Guantanamo to the Abu Gar President Iran Persia broke the stir of the meal. I'm asked for the Vietnam more makes his revelations in the new book China command Which leads senior figures in the Bush administration far more seriously implicated in the torture scandal than had been previously apparent A CIA analyst visited get known to summer 2002 return convinced that we were committing war crimes and then more than half the people They didn't belong there. He found people lying in their own feces a CIA sort of told her I'm sorry lying in their own The endless submitted the report to general john Gordon aid the convollies of rice General Gordon was troubled and one former administration official told her that if the actions had get more ever became publicly would be damaging to the president and the article goes on its honor website And convollies of continues lying through her teeth and of course. He's got a big gap in her to lie through man She can tell almost as many lines as Greg read through that so I can't get Oderty the she have a husband I don't think so 26 past noon at five sixty board of two a.m. Never see her with the Charlie Christ Though your shop for quality footwear great selection professional service is only one stroke that should immediately Top right in your mind is brandy shoes and pop at O Beach at brandy shoes you have an unbeatable combination the biggest selection men's women shoes best service They give you a personalized service a ticker your feet and the best prices in town period all the top things in the shoe business They got them rock for its floor shine S a S spirit table a naturalizer and lots more and you find that brandy's customers keep coming back over and over again to stock up on a whole bunch of shoes because they can't get a better deal Brandy's is open daily nine to nine Monday to Saturday and every Sunday 10 to five to find Brandy's at 12.90 or 30 highway Pompano Beach all those worth the trip no matter where you live in South Florida and they continue the big S a S sale This week again the brandy's all great men's women's styles are 25% off so come into the store or check them on the web at brandy shoes.com And I know Cooper and Boy shelly I It happened when she arrived. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. She raised more grandma's mouth, but her voice has more detail in my mind. I do like that. Just wasting our time. We don't have time to take your important things, okay? Just as the Chinese say, poaching around. They say the love to turn. In fact, they do that a lot too. Poshkir around the Chinese. 20, 4, 1, 5, 60, W, Q, and my god, so little time. It's always so little time on the show, but we're not complaining about that. We just like to get our act together here. They still have more of those tickets to your way? Apparently, yeah. How is that possible? See, I don't want to pick on Frank, because I don't even know who the hell he is. Once upon a time, we have an idea of just how many tickets there were. Yeah? So, in other words, if you've given away your line? Yes. How do I keep promoting this and then fight out that nobody's showing up out there. I'm just banging away on a drum with no thing on it. We had bales of them apparently. We had bales, rings of them. Was Jackie out there? Bailey. And speaking of that handful, you know what Jackie always said? You see, I heard that you could find it. We're looking at 10 inches. I'm snow. Right. In January. That's what he was talking about. Hey, I just don't want to get Joyce all better. I just say because she is such a neurotic bitch over there. She is just a mower, like that. And I wonder if she can't handle a farting sound. I think that she feels if she hears them. She's actually going to start smelling. I think that's the problem. What? It's something to think about? 241 at 5 to 60 WQM. Hey, all you horse racing and poker players out there, fans. Toppo Park Racing and poker is just a gambling action you want. They got it. Located at half a mile from both I and I, 85 in the Florida turn. In fact, Pompeo Park is easy to get to invest. Toppo Park features free admission, free general parking every day. And five poppo park is so famous that even Elmo comrades are going to make you come back there this season. That's why I'm hearing live harness racing in the poker room is open every Friday and Saturday of Pomp and O Park. Poker starts at noon till midnight. Live racing gets underway at 725 every Friday and Saturday at Pomp and O Park. Also every Friday and Saturday, the poker room feature tournament. Actually, with special Texas Holderman 7 card stub term. The first thing you'd known for are you old studs. Pomp and O Park harness track is also open every day, 7 days and nights a week for the best in Sinal casting harness, third but highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and Wage your run. Bright cream or his god, baby. And came a while to sing to bad either. Toppo Park, a block sat in the Atlantic Boulevard on tower line road for the Cur waste schedule. Go online at pomp and O Park dot com or just give a call 954 972 2000. Pomp and O Park, horse power, you can plunge your guts. learned in nature... because he doesn't think hl His name is Gal What do you say by do you two make campus As long as you share. And I've been hearing his comment, and I am Sonny heart that you accept me and I say, and that I want you to toast with me. I control a list of games and I'm afraid to post charity over the last two million I'm in a new, I'll be the full of things This grass got a lot of things to say But this summer's days are crazy But the blue days are crazy Wonder if this summer is new Now he's inside Oh, we just have a conversation And we're gonna give it a try And we can see the spirit of shapes from the dark Do it at the front, and then put up The message so we were seeing Along with our drivers and for you, pray Take it easy for the captain Bad way, play almost six shows for more of the game So his thoughts were sent to a criminal game If it's true and really is so keen Okay One great major is trying to really be the police Now he's reset Do you need to get in the car? Do you need to get in the car? Yes, you need to get in the car I don't care Doesn't like that heavy duty, maybe I'll say it Oh, don't get upset, you're a f*** But... What is that? The van's gone What does that mean? The tickets are all gone They got tired of sitting around What? What are the other? What does that mean? Did he get the van's gone? He got into the van and he drove off So it's not there anymore for whatever reason Right Well, don't we deserve to know if we give away all the tickets or whatever? This is starting to be like a G.D. warrior You know what? The tickets are gone You don't know that? I do know Maybe he just had to go take a wicked dump or something He should know what I'm going to do that in a gas station What do we say about that? What does that movie? What does that movie mean? I was killing people in the thriller of the gas station What was that? Oh, what was that? You know what I'm talking about? That was a very... Do you want to win the movie? Then not, but that happened You want to win the motel? Hmph Pied in the motel? And then he put the door at the chair up against the door And rigged it so that when he opened the door up the gun would go off? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Isn't this aggravating now? Yeah, it is aggravating Man Anyway, somebody will know what movie we're talking about 560560 Pied 5060 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines Let's make sure these things are working now Nobody can blame hello Hey Neil Yes sir Are you doing? I'm doing it All right I just want to let you know that Ever since how it's burned came on the air I've only been listening to you The Maca and how David and I'm a Mitchell Roller And the morning if he is awesome 9, 790 Yeah, 790 Yes, we haven't taken it by the way we love music Good buddy of ours He's great guy Anyway, I'm listening to you Have a great day I'll go back to you Hey Hey Like I said, the pose of work Which isn't necessarily good news WQA and hello Hello, Neil Yes sir I believe the name of the movie you're looking for With most hell hell No, no You're Positive Okay, well look at Thanks to the driver Absolutely, the introer too Now that was not even close to what I was With something games Something games People play Yeah, it's now like that I don't know I mean, I'm pretty little company I just got that too long ago Now, wait a minute Maybe I'm getting two movies confused But I don't think so Or it's possible Whether when the convenience store and they He put the gun to the guy's head And the pillow And he took her That's California Oh, that was California We'll see, I watched that right around the same time First I watched it originally long ago with Brad Pitt That's a good movie Yes, yes indeed But You know, this was Around the same time That I watched that last time I don't know what to all I don't know what to all I don't know what to all I don't know what to all Feel like killing people in the Teabrum of the gas station Well, he didn't have anybody to pay for the gas Right So what's that was he going to do? Let's go WQA and hello Meal Yes Meal, if I have to see that I saw To where you had milk and mom TVA more I'm going to go WQA and hello I need a closure WQA and hello WQA and hello Oh, yeah Yes The movie thinking about was that I enjoy right? That sounds like it It's that, it's right, yes All right, put the trucker with the CBR Thanks a lot, Kelly Thanks See you Can you go somewhere? No, just a minute Now what was the word about the guy that came All really creepy movie was on the That screen TV that you don't get About the guy that comes back he died And nobody at now But he comes back somewhere Sucking the blood out They like vampire out of other people's bodies Charterator Now what was the name of this movie, Joyride? You look at it up in my book Because I want to make sure Okay, we'll see who we did My money Jewels, Burns, Rocket to the Kakamoon That's not it Joy, that's not it Joy, Widers Now how old is that movie? Maybe it's not even in this book Who three years old Oh, I made an example for him Well, I'm sure that was it And it's just what scene was okay It was like, it was not like, you know Great classic movie was out of keep you It was okay, it took a couple of hours Sure 560, 560, Pant and the same See this thing, no more tickets Sorry about that if you did it around Wasted you time If you're on the way over there right now Oh geez, please come back with a man No, no, they're gone WM, hello Anybody mentioned suicide Hey, that's a good idea, suicide That's nice That's nice That's nice Especially when you write a QA and that's why you keep a mind Thank you, Russell, with it daily Yeah, let's put that on that pull right away Very good that we got an hour before we get out of here in a few minutes Suicide, man, oh man Hey, who worked at QA and it's never far from your mind, okay? In fact, let me just put it this way One of two things, the both involve a piece Never far from your idea, they're murder or suicide Yeah Speaking of people that we're not, I mentioned this I thought I put it on the website, I guess I didn't What about it, you just said murder Murder is good, that's another one That's not out there, yeah Suicide or murder, okay, so many ways to die Because God of course, he's a clever little devil Fuck you He's got all kinds of things in store for you I wonder if Adam and E you farted, do you think? Of course they did How do you know that? Maybe they've, hey, listen, he only started farting When she was eating an apple off the tree They were all natural baby And like I always try to tell you, this didn't wasn't the apple on the tree It was that tear on the ground Better if I took all that fruit they were eating, you'd better believe They were regular So many, two much fruit in the garden of eating man I'm telling you that right now You know that's there people will actually believe that story I know that Oh please help us please cracker please Oh, speaking of crackers So the Paul Crack story that we read yesterday Yeah, I apologize for the very bad reading But the copy you sent me was one of those What the yeah, that's what that Like off center printing, they just like, those are bizarre Was off But the LA times, I guess I don't know Maybe I'll send this to Eric and maybe not I thought I emailed the 10 to have on our website today Did you put these under did they Josh? Yeah And the televisions Paul Crack It tends to keep a quiz across to the LA times Was that one of them? No, you don't remember that one But I'm aware of them No, I did my bad, I probably did I did print it out though Because it was printed so far That I don't want to read it against a very long story And of course we ain't got no time Like the guess who would say we ain't got no time Because we just got in between one and one 30 want you to stay glued to your radio Because we have a lot of great spots for you Right? He helps you out the radio It's all good It's all good Nobody facts this or set us a pull for tomorrow Which really irritates the crap out of me I mean, I'm sorry, irritates the What a me Well, if we said we got a quote on there I think we can say it a couple of times Okay, that's it Not? No? Not in the same five-minute segment You can't say that, sorry But anyway, Paul Crack is accused of a homo affair And then paying this guy off 425,000 in a guy Legitally was trying to restore millions more out of him Because he's got the millions in billions God only knows how much he's got Paul and Jan Crack On the TVN The Christian Broccasse Let me tell you right now There are a bunch of fakers Even the Quakers that turned out were fakers And we thought they were all too bad And then of course we found out that Nixon was a Quakers So forget about them, screw them All that good old times, scam That's where it's at And you people out there that just refuse You refuse to be bothered by the truth Don't confuse you with the truth Take the first page and that silly old book And read that first page You'll say, what kind of a bunch of morons Rote this garbage, okay? The larger light to rule the day And the lesser light to rule the night But it will be made the stars also Well guess what? The larger light we call it the sun In the star you ask why I'm sorry I'm not really sure about that When we have an idea, Dick comes away Better not ask Better not ask Better not ask No On a one thing we discovered We won't ask them then they can't tell Or sometimes they probably still will try to tell We just don't ask anymore Because if we say them off or clearance Well I destroy so many of them If we can say whatever the word is And if the answer is always No No You can't say this, you can't say that I can't imagine what bit I'm going to be playing After the top of the R, can you? I have no words If you're all the way to the other side That was a big lie I have no words If you're all the way to the other side That was a big lie If you're all the way to the other side That was a big lie That was a big lie If you're all the way to the other side That was a big lie No, you're all the way to the other side That was a big lie That was not a big lie I think it was such a big lie That's all Think the fact You've been listening to me more Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh You can't say that I'm not really sure about that I'm a big lie I'm a big lie And what you say On the narrow piece with children Of the trees, don't put the treasure And now I won't come to the town Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I've signed the money That's back from my back You've been looking for children All that's there I don't think I'm paid out of it There's a big tree If that person who can know the phone Call the attention lot better If there's a big tree I swear on money And it won't let go If it's cow Go back, go back Watch where I do that my way Th red wire Down and down That's it Can't say that because it's the a measly effemway man because Joyce is just hyperventilating and they're way over the top Which is why I'm not for sitting there during the steering show every morning. He's got his thumb on him And he's bang at least push knees pressing and the button too You know what's there? We didn't even talk about but before we get to that Why is it that when we do this half hour? We're gonna like 85 spots in a half an hour Oh, I can't like what I mean Stop it. I like that. Just remember less work I was looking for some music to play going to the ball game like yesterday It's a cool park. I thought was a magnificent selection, but it's always a safe But we don't want to do the same thing in today and I came across one that I know our audience has in her since about 40 minutes ago Alright, yeah, why do magic but a cool boy 7 was here something for me in time No, see I thought you guys can get suits and see much in the middle of it. Oh I'm looking here all I know well about we've now there's so much crap on his back. How about this is no good Oh, here's your good one Here are no Or how about some a little more macho than Herman's vermin? Oh, I can't believe what I just found I don't know where the hell I was hearing it. You know bus staff by the hollies of course great. I know tomorrow's a hole I know that much tomorrow's pool looks at the most underweighted rock group of all time Never done it good idea. They're gonna save let's definitely the Beatles No, hey listen we don't care what they say we know what we're talking about the hollies is a perfect choice for it Yeah, I thought I somewhere they were playing bus stuff. I don't know where and I thought God that's I That's a great record. I love that it is and there's also Because I don't have bus stop right here. I'm not If you could hear out this is something my story with speakers You're painting your pain When I hold a this Good Come here Again Nicholas I'm the same error there's always I don't want to start any arguments but I'm going to continue right now the best music any decade the 60s there is no contest there's nothing even close I'm telling you there ain't nothing even close to you I'm going to argue with that you're fine I mean every four years time you have a little less I you know I dip back into it Now nothing we never talked about today and we don't have a lot of time to talk about anything this time of our because we got that Marlon pregame coming up with Dave and Morgan the lovely booster man throws in from from card then dies in crash and they've been showing that video how many times an hour not turn man it's too bad that this guy drove himself because I think a lot of us would have loved to have lined up to do the job for him right I'm sure he had that man green bay was constant a man through his fiance's eight month old daughter out of a car as he fled police after being included must have violence authorities said the girl strapped in a car seat was on her hurt but the man later was spedly injured in the crash I thought he had committed suicide the other crash into something all I see well it's interesting we're doing maybe he's on our fault they have bitten 23 died some day three days after the dramatic highway chase that end of when he crashed his fiance's car in the night on occupied squad car and one point he slowed down open the car door dropped the baby in the in the car seat on the highway sending the seat template for the middle of the roadway and they've shown it on all the news that were maybe but in times just today as the baby was flying toward me I noticed that she was crying very hard and looked scared was constantly patrol I can't imagine why can you if you were tossed out of the back seat of a car when you be crying fairly hard and a little bit us scared I have been that I was said Wisconsin State Patrol Sergeant David Cavalana went in be see today sure which air video of the incident over and over again to do on a peep your bets out fortunately she was seatbelt in the child seat so that is as slith forward on the highway then rolled over she escaped with no injuries a major miracle unbelievable sure of Sergeant Dan Parvitt told me post president and avid Wisconsin that the man of first try to put the baby out of the car on the shoulder that the car door was in his way he eventually pulled back in traffic and pushed the baby as he was accelerating his car was jerking back in fourth-partner said I don't think we can say that can we I don't know what he was doing he seemed to care for the baby then the chase continued to speed up to 90 miles an hour the pursuit ended on US 41 when the head of minor collision with the vehicle and crashed in around after Pied Squad car the car he was driving world over and was pinned underneath he died at a hospital in Green Bay I have no right I'm a spoke to the baby's mother my money said the girl is doing just fine his mother was very devastated my everything right now he said it was her fiancee and Bob and she's very upset but we're fine speaking they're fine by the FCC I didn't wish that they'd be in different from us right right one oh six and five six the WQA and right now Armstrong for the homestead monster clear their lives and sell off all each in every rainy or four here just a few the great deals waiting for you right now and over for F-150 pick up your pages to buck over in voice new or for explorers is to dollar over in voice Rangers Crown Vicks toruses and focuses all waiting for you which is to buck over in voice only at Armstrong for to homestead and when you buy a car there man they get more value for you because they have the exclusive tires and batteries for your life program that is absolutely correct they give you tires and batteries for life and the vanity goes on because right now they'll give you a free floor to some pass with any car you buy press for time Armstrong for those your time is vanity also just give McCall and shop by phone at 305 247 51 12 they'll even go to your new vehicle right to you in your storm shelter at your host and your home your host Armstrong for the homestead look at them not for it they treat you just like family I guarantee you won't get a better deal on a forward anywhere no wait and switch no phone ideal just fantastic service and the best deals in town Armstrong for the homestead you'll find in the 307 25 South fix you highway just 20 minutes south of the O-836 check them on the web at armstown cars dot com rival little and save thousands on your new Ford Oliot Armstrong for the homestead you're a a all the local places all the time here's a fact from Kathy who says that call only once in a while because I usually work jobs that above the phone phones are monitored will intend to have jobs that that more like that more than men watching which is why I would have called in the choice of employers for your police today but about the marital status of doctor why she's never been married all however there's that information to the most of us over her some kind of a fashion show where she's looking for the president bushes my husband as far as a pull idea this is a great pull idea here from a canty if you go back in time in straight or new to one person who would be to go to a jocat father of michael janit was a major mainly about some michael ha towards a stovity of boistern at the love and best who who was the father of shrub and jab and you and all this plan i mean proud martin she in father of a media ester viz in charlie she don't we like a media ester viz in charlie in a world of money the entire she's slash has to be his family to restore the freight trains was wrong with a media ester viz he was not over the outside is with the sea Thomas howl and just because charlie she liked the you know the hose and that doing right like the host sure who doesn't martin brando father of christian wed little bit of it your problem the daughter with killed herself and then all these other things well christian have a little bit of a temper and the don't hurt to kids have a cousin trouble get it says but that's a good choice I'm tired of her ass and the rest of it to all put that my parents a good choice they're canty that's a very good choice for a full tomorrow most underrated rock group all time i think that's a good one we could uh... you know a lot of territory with that and the good news tomorrow is we got we don't have any uh... we start whatever how it's doing good stuff and then all the way to a clock it's a ball was wins the on q a n you are you are you are you are you are on five sixty six two two eight three and everybody eight seven five all the time to match no Ohio and wrong uh- post come 꼭 and袋 Global time return five 2 had kids The world communications west is the first yags of thunder gains And they don't want to be ogre Choose a, they're added to its light subtler When I'm proceeding I throw twice to the bone And the ass Max is running off without words I've always loved someone called you, I don't know But it ain't never happened, I never thought it all the time So all the things that you've been to do Something that's really worth it From top of the door, he's... Watch one at poker Brian, but he can't stay mad at him too long, you know about 30 seconds I'm just running around his balls spot, he just stood up on those guys Yeah, that's fine Anyway, 604 votes, you're just showing off I think it's downstairs Brian or else Anyway, how do you think you're gonna die? Old age rental causes to 26, wouldn't that be you? Like, about 110 would be good in great health Sure, heart attack, 163, cancer 97, boredom, celety forest Especially in soft floor with the, oh my god, tedious and freaking pondress Traffogation in 24 and a hurricane ate, terrorist attack six, suicide four And murder, two, only two, always just put those eyes to up there, okay? So they got time to think about those But deal is there, every time we do a show, anything you do with music A good segment, a huge segment of the audience gets very bad of a shape Because, wow, that meal, this tasting music sucks, he's in old fart But see for this thing tomorrow, I think we got to cover because you got Josh there was a young punk Right, you got you who's like somewhere in a middle middle age punk Although, gray is, they get, and then of course me the old fart I mean, old as Mithu's like, I'm walking with you So we cover, I would say we cover like from the 50s to like 50 minutes ago Right, between the three of us, excuse me, among, and including, yeah Yeah, yeah I'm looking for some, there's a lot of cuts out here that I just really don't want to play I mean, I could, but what would be the point, most of these suck? Oh, still a black, do we want to hear her? No, yes, what Canadian songs consist, so more records than they are the one in history It'll be very upset to know, what Canadian songs, Chris? Yes, every on Uh, and that'd be pressing I'll take it somebody, I like to lie, for many reasons, I thought it was pretty good Ever Yeah, not that bad Oh, yeah Team Bixie You ready? Darling? There's okay, he wasn't a group though I hear every now and then he might have been in a group group, but he wasn't a group Five, six, seven, oh, and of course the audience is probably wondering, She just seems like all you're doing is taking commercial breaks break after break after break And that's because we got the Marlin pregame, one, thirty to silly people out there We got to squeeze all the spots in now, we wouldn't eliminate no spots when we got it because then it would be really bad We are absolutely when it comes to spots, rock solid, if you get them on the ear Even probably, if you can reach something that nobody even bought when you came out down to it I'm surprised I mean, Larry Kent, Rest in Peace, he used to be famous for that He told me all about it when we were at WI and Z, he said it's called Sliders Right? Have you heard of that? I'm not talking about those oysters that he's so young I've been in this business a while though Yeah, Sliders, in other words, in order that the client, you know, it's obviously a client that is sometimes on the ear Or maybe even curly on ear, but you just write up a bogus order that they didn't authorize and didn't sign And you just run it through, just like a flyer on it Yeah, just slide it, so to speak I'm sure the Greg is big on Sliders 23 after one at five, sixty, WQN, hey listen if you're very slight, not fun down on the sink and on the floor All the years I've talked to you about Chuck Alphiorean, his pendant here, system Charlie's the best in business over 35 years If we're providing amazing natural looking hair for guys that are 100% un-deceptable And right now Charlie's introducing the latest development of the hair restoration called the new laser light therapy treatment It's used for treating fine Uh-huh And sitting here Oh, we're fine This treatment that's at the Acirdeified Restores your hair and scalp act with Helpy Estate While increasing hair shaft, then to the Envoyum The new laser light therapy and its cool light laser devices affect about both men and women And it's a painless non-invasive treatment that's completed in just about a half an hour In other words about 30 minutes God, good man Charlie and his staff have seen dramatic results with this weight and the system that impedes hair fall off for those with fine intensity hair So stop by waiting for a miracle that's going to make you a thinning hair stuff falling into the sink Share on the floor You have Charlie, a call to his new obligation to tell you all about the exciting new laser light therapy treatment And I can solve your thinning hair forever and really change your life Call on toll free 1-800-3212413 1-800-3212413 around the wicked web Charles Alphiorean.com You want to see him say he's a new laser lighter It's illusion way I'm five six six six Can you see him? Side I call you old Charlie man I think he sees that joke Don't look at the truth I'm telling you stuff And I can't fool I can't find a job I can't find a job I can't find a job I can't find a job See you Bye I will never stop Help You slowly человека You to throw heavy water