Did I hear Joseph and Moe was very entertaining? Absolutely. That is a shucker. Oh, that was a good idea. That was a good idea. Thank you very much. Why you gave me a good job. Everybody's gonna die. People will party, we burners and high days, I bet that in a magazine. It'll come in both stores. If you believe it's the end of the world, and choose our market, ration again. We're gonna be the man we have so long to have. So come to the parade. Be a friend. Be very afraid of your tenure as Secretary of State. We lost 224 people. Pretty excited. The 9th of 11th commission is finally meeting. How do you like that? Is it kind of Lisa gonna testify in public this time? No, no. He just got through saying we are encouraged and we wish he would be here and reconsider any odd yoddy. And it was like a sitting ovation, but she ain't gonna do it. Which 10 out to at 5. 16 WQAM. This is a little bit disturbing. In fact, I probably should have waited to play. Be a friend. Be very afraid. Until I've heard mentioned this. And that is really defensive. What was that guy? He was something. He once ate halivai and Tel Aviv or something. I've had a conversation about it. They're not the call yesterday that you said showed up in the current. Oh, he's a guy. I don't know. Yeah. He's a former Israeli army guy. He made me a good guy, but he's for a crap. Israeli defense minister Shaul Mofaz and his security team. So decided to try to kill the entire Hamas leadership without waiting for another terror attack. Security sources said they they're going to kill them all. Also the Israeli army chief ended that Palestinian leader, yes or Amafar, could be in the cross here as for his Israeli attack soon. So I'm also a bit afraid. Be very afraid. Yeah, there's a lot of crazy people running around in the world where we're just trying to stay alive. That's all. That's all we want to do. Minor old business. Enjoy life a little bit. That's all. While it lasts. Right. While it lasts, while he leaves us alive. Just enjoy just a teeny tiny bit. I mean, we can't say. And we can't do anything. But now today we will get to 10,000 on our stop at CC.com. We're brainstorming. It looks like if USA today will take the ad, which I think they will. Why not? So what did I say? We need to raise to get the quarter page ad and USA about 30. Yeah, about 30 is right. I got to hear some or look at in the bat. I do have the book in my hand though against all enemies by which your day Clark and Saddamerca's war on terror. I read about 27 pages before I finally nodded off last night. Then good. How about better than the polo in your book? The only book is okay. It's got its moments, but I don't know. It just leads me kind of limp. Just like polo neo himself, please me kind of limp. You agree? Yeah. He's kind of kind of. I mean, you know, I'm not not going to be mean. He never stole a freight train, but he just had, I don't know, he ain't no Madeleine Albright. I did a favor of military action. Well there you go. See, see what I mean? She just, she just knocked him up against the wall sideways if he just gave a one dirty Look, that'd be the end of him. At any rate, Richard Clark happens to be registered Republican. Were you aware of that? Yes, I would. He's registered Republican. He worked across for four presidents, Reagan, Bush one, Clinton, and the Bushmaster two, W. And so those, that freightic attack that came out yesterday, just, I mean, hysterical, the ghost to show you man, if they are dropping some bricks up there in the out of White House. Can I still say that they're dropping bricks? I don't think so. Well, I mean, who knows, maybe there's a little construction going on. They're dropping bricks. I think I can say that. Although, Duff is probably just, Oh, gee, here when he said, Clarissa, oh my god, let's do it again. Bricks rhymes with, Hicks, right, spicks. And that's it. Don't see, don't start this game. I'm telling you right now. In fact, I have a suggestion for you. Be a friend. Yeah, yeah. If they're a friend. That's my suggestion for you. Since Greg already hates you like poison. You're a small potato's, Mr. I keep trying to tell you, mind your piece and cues. Can we say that? Well, we adults depends on what the piece stands for, but the cues stands for it. That's the operative question here. Q.A.M. Q for Q.A.M. Let's hear it. All right. And of course, queer. It stands for queer. We can still say queer. Can't wait. That's good. Can't be one. You can't be one. And you can't think about that stuff. Oh, and speak out of that. Let me get to a couple of things first. First things first. What did I just do with that? Oh, here it is. Thing you just sent me, not too important. The Miami-Dade Police Vomsquad is investigating you suspicious package. Fog near the bird road exit just east of the palm of the morning. The FHP shut down the expressway in both directions around 745 as a precaution. NBC 6 says that more information is the story develops. You might want to take a puke at their website and see what's going on. Or might even want to take a puke out on the tube there, which would be the Scraise. How does you watch the metal and all bright? Well, as a secretary of state on terrorism, we'll have Secretary Powell follow you. What percent of your time, if you can give us a rough estimation, did you spend? You had Middle East peace. Certainly, we're one of the driving forces in being a hawk with respect to co-civaled, using our military there. What percent of your time can you best estimate that you spent on counterterrorism politics? Yeah, good answer, Madeline. You go, girl. Anyway, we got a lot of stuff to do here. We don't have time for this. Those people are want to listen to the hang on every word. Have a good time doing it. Let us know what they said later. Look for the QM fan from noon to two today. It's senior hysteria located at 9019 West Pines Boulevard in Pemark Pines. Stop by and spin the prize wheel to win tickets for tonight's Panthers Devil's Game at the ODC. O'Reilly, orifice depot center, or they have that fantastic lexas park. Which makes everybody else walk about 500 yards extra so that the hot shots that travel lexas can park up real close to the escalator. Well, it's too bad, lovely. That's noon to two at senior hysteria on Pemper Pines today. Who's going to be there? Is it going to be Miguel? No, I know. Scott? Okay. Okay, what? Sure, if you say so. Well, no, is that the answer? I think so. Oh, by LeBlanc. Oh, certainly Scott will be there. Strange squirly, not surely, but squirly. He has a squirly dude with a red push and just a strange, the whole other hold on beyond. So, go over there and have a chat with Scott. And, you know, let's spin the wheel. My Winston games to the tickets to the hockey game tonight, where most people get in there for anyway. And the people I did want to pay, they're just doing everything under the sun to piss them off. I mentioned that yesterday. I also forgot to mention a stir about my neighbor. Yeah, you did. Yeah. Well, see, it didn't. It stuck in my crawl enough that I was taking a shower this morning. I thought, dang, hot, dang stuck in my crawl. I forgot how much I asked you today. Gosh darn. No, I even think of those terms now. Yeah. I don't think to myself, even in any of those words that we can't say no more. No, I just cleaned up my brain. We'll speak a little louder, speak. So, gosh darn, come to find out that John went outside to check the mail or something like that a few days ago. And, uh, one of our neighbors, I don't want to say which one exactly because, uh, I don't know. No, no, I mean, I don't, since my friend Bernie, uh, his wife passed away and he moved sold a house and moved since he moved out of the hood. I don't really have very much to do with any of the neighbors. I don't know about you, but, uh, I don't know how to deal with your neighbors either. I'm not saying that they ever stole a freight train or anything like that, but I just have nothing common with most of them people and the less I see him, the happier I am. And I'm sure they feel the same way. So, anyway, uh, this particular neighbor who ordinarily hasn't said 10 words since they lived in that house, uh, started a conversation with John and said, well, you know, uh, I see that you, uh, you must have changed your mind about selling the house because we had a foresale sign. You know that about several months ago. And, uh, yeah, it's so what he did was he took, he got tired of waiting for the real, the, the, I'm sorry, the realtor to do it. So he moved the sign, he just put it on the side of the house over on the side. Well, out of you of anybody unless you're looking for it. And, uh, she said, well, uh, I see you've got the sign over there. How long he can leave that there? And he said, uh, well, I just put it out of the way. He said, well, I'm tired looking at it. Right. Yeah. Is it in the front of the house? Oh, is it anywhere near where this person would see it unless going out of the way? No. I mean, I don't, I never heard such a thing in my life. I'm tired of looking at it. See my response would have been, I'm tired of looking at you, bitch. That would have been my responsive immediately. I mean, what kind of a neighbor is that? You don't even live in coral cables for crying out like, hey, if fact, I might just have him just lay it right out in the middle of the lawn. They're just as a protest. I don't know what that means. I know how suitable offensive the game. That's unacceptable. That's just not very neoliberal. Another nice. So, my new home business in Quittstan and on a ladder and looking at the see if you can see the For sale sign, okay? In fact, maybe it is still for sale. And if you keep it up, it will be. Keep up your crappy, too. Okay, lady. I beg your pardon. You should go nail it on there for a little bit. I think that's a great idea. In fact, the sooner they move the happy well, I'll be like, how do you like that? And I had nothing against them. I don't even know them really. I mean, just, you know, hello and goodbye. Get lost. But in any way, that was a very sad experience. That's a typical Florida experience where the people are surely hostile. Just, unfriendly folks, most of not all of them. There are a few people in South Florida. I'm tired of me. Are nice folks that you like to, you know, wine and wine with them. Maybe have a little chat, little verbal intercourse. Can I say verbal intercourse? No. Little verbal, f**k course. But, um, that ain't one of them. I find that to be just inexplicable. It's not like there was ever. Oh, she also inquired about the health of my two dogs. How are your dogs? See, can't you? So I would suggest that she's probably a little bit out of touch since they both been dead for quite some time now. They're very, very dead. And it's not like they're coming back anytime soon because they were all cremated. So if that maybe I can get the ashes still and sprinkle them on her lawn, the fertilizer would be good. You think? It's a bit of what you use for fertilizer. Uh-huh. See, there he goes again, Josh. It's very early in the show. We haven't even done the first break yet. Can't say further. Right on to that. There he go. No, no, no, no. It's a, you're talking about substance. See? That's what you're talking about. What you use for fertilizer. We know what, though, we catch your drift. I can sniff it. Talk about nitrogen. No, you're not. Here's the poll result from yesterday. With all the FCC crack going on. Neil should just keep ripping bushing ass. 1542 out of only three shy of 2300 votes. Twenty to ninety seven. That's shocking. 1542, 67.1% said, keep ripping bushing ass and I will. And even metal and all parts were thrown in ass. We're helpful. See? Keep going is bestie can for 142. Retire! 130, 5.6% that flirted there with a 6% for quite a while. And then they said, ah, that would be boring. 5.6% which is perfect because it's a 560. Do a hockey show 59. A hockey show. Go back to a bedtime story. It's 54. Where did that come from? Uh oh. Do a sports show 54 and play music. That was my vote. My first choice only 16. Dang it. See? Too much a party poopers. I mean party. Who's they are? Yeah. Fubb in a Saturday, 560 WQAM. If you're in a dead end job, if you're underpaid and overworked like so many people are if you're sick and tired and not having two knickles to rub together, not having enough cash to really have a real serious life. I have no lie. Then change it. Make one easy call to fast train at 1-8-6 fast train. I've been talking about these people for years and it's a reality. Fast train can have you train in certified for a great high-paying computer network professional career. And a short time is four months. It's the middle of March April, May June, Julio, baby. In the middle of July, you can be ready to rock and roll. You can be fully trained and ready for a new career and they offer you. They evening and weekend classes do to fit around your schedule. Fast train offers job placement assistance financially to people who qualify and would 7 convenient Florida locations to serve you. There's no question there's about to be one near you. So if you want to be a trained and certified for a great high-paying computer network professional career, all you got to do is make one easy call and find out about it. No obligation. Check them out on the web first at fastrain.com. And then make that call. I can give you a brand new high-paying career. A big fat one occurs along with it in the paycheck too. Call 1-866-FastTrain. Don't delay column today and be sure to tell me a top-drecked tourty to call. Why in local? We're sports video 560-USUAM. I kind of feel cool this right now, Bill. And like a unique and a whole hot-hear-one-loved William Hungs bang-up job on American Idol. And now all of William Hungs greatest hits are on one amazing CD. It's hung up on Hung. One, two, three, four, five, baby. It's in all, it's not home because she wrote me for a design of a job. Hey, yeah. Yes, from Outcast to J-Lo, everyone's hung up on Hung. J-Lo in the house. Don't be fooled by a rock that I got. Ice beer ice, still beer from Brock. Hey, yous to have a little. Now he has a lot of tone-dephans who can't get him out of, hung up on Hung. You can fire me in a club by a four-of-a-bomb by my Outcast. What you need if you need a few of my friends. It's worth a lot more than 50 cents. Order now, and you'll also get this free bonus CD. On American Idol, loser, sings the American Idol winner. Cool, fair and rough. Oh, what happened to you? We sing the Candace? No wrong guh, need to feed the fans, huh? Goodbye. Oh, you, with a wrong, easy, true. William Hung, hung up on Hung is only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame. So don't delay. Calm down. I don't think we can say Hung no more, can we? No, no. 1018 at 560 WC, a fast from David Miami, who says, isn't 60 minutes and 2020 a TV show. It's amazing the present as a minister. He's responding to a TV show. Now, they're not responding to the TV show. They're responding to the book. They're responding to Dick Clark, and his American van stand. It says, if Bart Simpson says something about the present, will Ms. Rice respond? I'm aware of it, but get telling you what's wrong with that. Probably. But she'll do it only behind closed doors. Not in public. Kind of Lisa. She looks like a really, um, do I do even say it? No, no, no, I'm serious. She looks like a burnout old hooker to me. Kind of Lisa, would I gap tooth and a black eye man? She's a nasty looking bitch. You see her yesterday? Yep. And then we, then we, then we, then we, then, Wow. She was just stumbling and fumbling all over the place. Well, we got two polls for you today. Two for the price of one. First, we'll do just, I don't know, our, our in some minutes. Because I don't think we'll get to, you know, some of those we need to leave on there the whole time. I mentioned this, uh, the other day tomorrow. Tomorrow. This Supreme Court justices will hold a one hour hearing with attorneys over the meaning of the words and a pledge of allegiance, affirming that America exists under God and response that lawsuit by the gun, California. A phrase that an appeals court said a must-way religious exercise and must be omitted when public school children recite the pledge because obviously in public schools religion ain't got no place, please. Cracker, please. So we're asking today just like the apostint globe pull yesterday, although the third one I could throw a choice I guess a little bit different. Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools? Very straightforward question, very easy, I think? Sure. Yes, get religion out of public schools. No, it's part of American life or who gives a Schmidt. Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools? Yes, get religion out of public schools. No, it's part of American life or who gives a f***. Good flying f***. Right, crap. Or we can still say crap. Aren't you excited about that? So it's like that. The situation when the FCC has gotten so grotesque now that what we're going to get from the beastly this week is the list of the words that we still can say. It's going to be very short list. Like hello. Goodbye. How are you? Yes, stuff like that. We could just use those fun with tick and chain books. Oh, look at this already. No, it's part of American life or 11. Who gives a Schmidt 10? And yes, get religion out of public schools. Seven. That's interesting out of the first 28 votes. Huh. But of course, it's American example. Pye and these people most of them are so conditioned into thinking it belongs in there, which it never was in there in the first place. One nation under God, the invisible god of yada. It was never in there. Right. I mean, if they want to say one nation under. Oh, good. That's a different story. I have no problem with that. Although we will copy right it. Make a few bucks. Now, let's see. That's our poll number one. Poll number two. Well, we'll get to it later. Because then they'll start calling in with that stuff. Now, I don't want to do that. What did I do with that thing from USA today? I give up. That you, huh? Why not what I did with it? I folded it up and put it in my against all enemies book. I don't want to do that. We've already, Eric has already got away for good out for us to raise some cash. And I will say this. It's not going to be one of these deals where all well is it going to be a not for profit organization. So we can deduct it from our taxes. No, we don't have time to register and go through all of that stuff. Do we know? You don't want to know? No. No. Now, we don't have time for that. So if you want to donate because you think you're going to get a tax rebate on your 50 bucks or 10 bucks or whatever, forget about it. And the next, sometimes the next few days will tell you exactly how we're going to do this. USA today requires only a couple of days advance notice for ads. We got their national rate card. And a quarter of paid black and white ad in the USA today, Monday through Thursday, cost $31,600. How much? About 30 grand a little bit more than that. So I'm confident if I put in the first couple of grand and then we get some other big shooters out there. And if we get a whole lot of people are really care about the first amendment and saving freedom of speech and nipping in the blood and getting this. See the purpose of it in case you tuned in the middle of this whole deal we're doing. The purpose is to get a million signatures on Scott's petition. Scott's a guy in New York was a Howard Stern listener. Called in on Stern one day got a minute very abrupt on there, but nevertheless plugged his stop FCC dot com upside which he's doing a great job. And we're helping out. We've got a lot of for ratings to sign a petition to. And if we get a million signatures at that point members of Congress will all of a sudden open the rise and realize that people are pissed off and fired up if we still say that. And of course by then maybe we won't be able to say that but let's hope we can. I'm trying to get on that thing again and I can't do you think it's all jammed up. Stop FCC dot com. Are you on it? No I'm going now. You're going now. Well let us know when you get back. It's why? Let me give it a shot. I can't get on it. I'm not going there girlfriend. Well I'll be down. Well at the beginning of the show we had 9747 from there. And what does it say? 9757. Okay 9757. So we need 243 during the show now. Yesterday I made a bad mistake of going for 9000. And much too late. We didn't get started like about 1220. That was a bad move. I mean not that these individual numbers are really in a contest with the other states. Although we're proud number three behind Texas and California. But it's just a way of trying to motivate people and try to like reach another hurdle every day and get more and more people who are disgusted in the scared crapples. If we still say that about what's happened with as they make it up as they go along. There was a peace last night on MSNBC. But I can't tell you who really is awful. Just awful. Who's awful? And when you talk about MSNBC that covers a lot of territory. But Dan Abrams, you know the attorney, a punk, he is just horrible. He had on some broad who's on Howard Stern all the time. I don't know who she is. Some comedian. And then he had some guy that some were some crusty old guy with the bifocals that used to be something to do with the FCC. And man, I'm telling you it was the most pathetic, the most tragic thing I've ever seen in my life. I've got that issue again. But of course it always has to come back to Howard. Howard does have a good idea though. And as to get people to go after Oprah. And the thrust of the discussion was Oprah has these discussions about teenage sex. Well you know if it and in the past when people try to protest against Oprah. The FCC's response was, well if it's in a clinical discussion and if it's in that context, then it's okay. So you can discuss tossing the salad and anal sex at oral sex and masturbation and all of these things. If it's in a clinical way and not to titulate the audience, you know, full crap. See the FCC for purposes of their own censorship. Evidently decided, nobody's got a sense of humor. No, no, no. You know, that's a deal. So a lot of the stuff that we've used to do, like the fart noises, for example, which there is no, I don't care what comes out on that poll. We did. Nobody with a brain or any sense of humor could possibly be offended by that. They do it on cartoons and kids shows kids cartoons. Yes. They do it in commercials with farting horses. Some of the ideas that everything is definitely serious now. And we know what you meant by that. But well, the course you don't. Of course not. So everybody is scared to do anything at this point. So we need another 243 people to sign a petition between now and 2 or clock to get to 10,000, which would be a nice, nice hurdle to hop over. Wouldn't it? Yeah, would. In just a short period of time. So go to stop FCC dot com. If you haven't done it already. Let's go. Let's get with it. And I'm threatened. I say that's our cash. I don't mean threatened in the literal sense. But I'm a promise that this is the week. This is the week that just may be possibly that the week, the week that just may be easily corporate attorneys will get their crap together. And they'll give us a list in some of our specific. As it is now, we're just driving or flying blind. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know you mean. Look, you hop on your, you're playing the New York and about, you know, halfway up the coast. On comes the captain mode. Good morning. It's your captain. My name is Stevie Wonder. My co- captain is Ray Charles. And we're hoping that we get there safely. We're flying blind. Same thing. To which I would say, my, my, my. Let me out of here. I feel like a little worked up here this morning, which I probably shouldn't be. Let's try to calm me down. Give me all. Yeah. I'll riled up. 107 votes on a pool already. Do you think the words under God should be removed from the pleasure of lesions in public schools? Yes, give religion out of public schools. 51. Well, thank God. Good. And they're trying to get in the right answer. I hope you've given this myth 31. Or no, it's part of American life 25. Whatever that means, but I, you know, I couldn't freeze it any other way. How else could you justify it? It's a tradition. Just like slavery was a tradition. Just like, you know, all of the other bigotry is a tradition. So therefore must be okay. Like beating. Right. White beatings of tradition. Let's keep it up. 27 after 10 at five, 60 WQM if you're planning on replacing your carpets. It's going to cost you a ton of cash to put new carpeting down. Don't do it. Good friends. It's dry concepts because they'll take even the schmutziest nastiest looking carpeting and make them look just like brand new. You may think, I'm wrong, but you'll be amazed. It's like a miracle was done right on your floor. Whether it's your carpet, your area, your rug is your drapery. If you want them professionally clean, they're only one folk. They ought to be talking to. And that's our friends to dry concepts. They've been around for a hell of a long time. All this have come and gone. They've been doing work for me for over 20 years in my homes. They're simply the best in the business of bringing nasty looking crappy carpet back to life. If you want them to look brand new. Using dry concepts, certified trade technicians will drag clean your carpets. Same ideas, drag cleaning your clothing. It leaves them vibrant and color soft to the touch they smell. They're dry in just a couple of hours so you can clean today and really entertain tonight. And when you do call dry concepts do yourself a big favor because if you tell them to put you understand by list, that can save you an extra 15%. On your next carpet cleaning off they're already reasonable price. And don't ever forget they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing a job so they're no repost, no scams, no BS. Call them full free, they'll never let you down. Caldry concepts at 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web if you like first at dryconcepts.com. And look all this is sports radio 560. You can wait a few weeks. You can check the channels for the ready bunch rewards. This does not mind the food. In the spring of 19, like the spring before we have fun with it. You heard a rumor, lost and just fell and was a tie. The time I remember was so well. But not that we watched a very brown. I have no right. All the phones were written that we had that we watched a very brown. All the people were sling in. Now that's so easy. Maybe something over me, brown was a dangerous cow. Most lived in our TV. And a child of Hitler has been the dance reality. How he's walking, he pulls on a clown. Had a hand in bread and looking calmly down. We're from learning how to explain when he's in bread. He's got my nature for some of the same. Boy, the night and pray what's perfect brown. All the phones were written that we watched a very brown. It's water singing. You're a blow or soup. But maybe for now that you take it far too. I sure was going to make him farting sounds of those cartoons. That would really get done upset. 1034 at 560 WQM. Let's take a couple thousand calls before we get to any more stuff. All right. Go for it. Good news is 9783, we're only 217 signatures away on those top FCC dot competition from 10,000 Florida and a grand total 74,836, which means we're just 164 away from 75,000, which is a far cry from where we need to get, but nevertheless 75,000 is a nice hurdle to hop over right? A week ago today when somebody turned this out of this website. They were like 41,000 signatures, so it's almost doubled in less than a week. We're getting there, but if we get that full page ad or a quarter page whatever it's going to be new I say today, I'm also thinking the national inquire. All right. Although they have a very long lead time. In addition to which I think that the people, I don't think they'll accept an ex for sign of the petition as much as I love being inquired, don't get me wrong. But a lot of the people who are reading inquire have like no teeth and they do send an ex for the signature line and stuff like that. 5,670, 5,60, pound 5,60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I was listening to that car thing yesterday. Yeah. And I mean, how obvious is it? And all these other people who have blown the website on this administration, how obvious doesn't have to be for people to finally wake up. I know. I've said for a long time that Bush could all of us in walking and is hearing they're having them right now and say everything which your Clark wrote in the book was true. We were after a back in the first place and we just used 9,11 is an exusue to exploit and back to go in there and and the public and still his bushyes out there would still believe him. I mean, they wouldn't believe this until support him. It's like a movie. People and the reason again, he doesn't want to talk is because he has something to hide. It's like criminals. Right. Right. And when I was on the top of the show, I think it caught why? Because they got something to hide. And just like this administration is criminal administration. We have an asses government. You know, getting the whole world mad at him, getting them, you know, a good percentage of Americans is mad at him. That is correct. I mean, you know, just how quickly they responded to this thing. In fact, they had a story on last night that even before the interview with 60 minutes because they knew that it was coming. Condalisa had written a point by point response to what I guess they got an advanced screening of it from MoCBS. And she had written and sent to a CBS a point by point rebuttal towards your clock and then of course they brought out Cheney on with Russia. Today, they were forming at the mouth about this. They have a nervous breakdown rightfully so because it's coming out. The poll administration when they first of power, the main concern was getting this treasury. Given those attacks, all they talked about amally, were attacks on the rich. That's what big business is. Right. Sounds like Reagan and Bush wanted to be a whole world. And it's kind of like a real business. And then in the doughnuts. I'll see. They chopped this bowl. Have you seen that? I do. Uh-oh. And that ties right into the story here that you sent me. The new Bush agenda government even spying on you. They're spying on you. This last guy, sure, hope he's okay. He sounded like a pretty good guy. Hope he's still alive. The Bush administration's efforts to create a citizen's snitch core failed when Democrats in Congress got winded John Aschcroft's infamous operation tips. Americans demanded that the Senate killed George W. Bush's attempt to reward the criminals of the Iran Conference scandal by giving them authority over a massive electronic system to read Americans emails. Listen in on their phone calls, flip through the personal health records, and even keep tabs on their library card activity. Led by Democrats, the US Senate put the leash back on Bush's plans for total information awareness. You think the Bush administration would have learned Americans just don't want homeland security agents searching through information about their personal activities. We don't believe that our government is the right to spy on us, whatever it wants to. Would the defeat of these attempts by the Bush administration again unlimited spying power over American citizens? We thought we were safe. We thought that Bush asked Croft and Tom Rage and given up the fight for the right to snoop. We were wrong. Thanks to some hard work by Senator Diane Feinstein, America's learned that George W. Bush and his top 8 are still trying their daughter to be a part of the country. We're still trying their darnedest to gain the power to spy on the private lives of citizens. I'm sure they said darnedest. During a detailed review by the Senate Intelligence Committee, Senator Feinstein spotted a single paragraph that would give the military and the CIA, the legal power to search through your credit card and bank records, your email logs, and even your telephone calls, without ever having to get a search warrant to show probable cause. According to the new plan, this information could then be legally forwarded onto the new Department of Homeland Security or directly to the White House. Whatever they want. Imagine that you're going about your daily life and George W. Bush is trying to gain the power to personally review the details of everything you do. W would gain the power to see who you said email messages to, what you're buying with your credit card and who you're calling on your own telephone. What's more, Bush could send his agents out together this information about you, even if you're not suspected of any crime. Believe it or not, the wording of this paragraph came directly from the Bush White House, this new plan for massive electronic surveillance of law-biting Americans comes directly from the Office of George W. Bush. Just what is Bush up to? Has any heard of the Bill of Rights? Has anybody told him that Americans have a constitutional protection from unreasonable search and seizure? A good quick summary of this White House insurgency is provided by journalist Richard Reeves. George W. Bush and Republican AIDS have demonstrated this strange obsession with gaining the power to spy Americans' private affairs. Just what do they plan to do with that power? When will George W. Bush and the Republicans learn that Americans don't want his goons spying on their private lives? I have a feeling he might learn that lesson in 2004. It says here. Wow. Just mention that in passing. Free anybody that might care might be concerned. And our message again, listen carefully. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Or not, is the case maybe, depending on how astup you are. On the 4th of June, the man called to come up with a two. We got the Humperate, the Wind of Man's All Crystal Palace and Bahamas. The Hebrew Hammer at 4th of the afternoon. Panther Preview at the 7th. The Panther's host enables that the Macarena 739, of course, be sure you don't park too close to those Lexuses because that's their own private park in Spots over there. So you park a several miles away and have a good walk. Just read it just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mere 334 a month. If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just 668 a month. And don't forget once you be finance you get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay those ugly, grotesque closing costs again. So get the information about this today by making that easy toll free call. 1, 86, 395, Lend and get the low rate mortgage you deserve that move out of your next property with no further cost to expense. Be sure to put away that per sale sign after you said your house. You pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group. Here's that number again for details. 1, 86, 395, Lend never pay closing costs again. Thanks to our friends of financial group. 1, 86, 395, Lend and the the renequal housing lender. Rescriptions apply rates subject to change monthly 4.21 APR. 1, 86, 395, Lend and low. This is the fourth video by 62. 2, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 86, 395, Lend and get the new home mortgage. 5, 77, 77, 27, 78, 78, 50, 50, 50, 70, 80, 60 brings, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 40 ... 5, 50, 50, 50, 60, 50, 50, 100, 40, 100, 50, 40, 40, 50, 50, 50,... 50, 50, 50, 70, 70. 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 100, 50, 50,... Not his... 30, 50, 50, 40, 50. 50, 50, 50, Mix feu steak nuts. 90, 50, 40, 50. All eyes good with stories. 70, 50, 50, 50, 40. 50, 50, 50... 60, 50, 70, SP tull. 100, 50, 50, 40. 70, 50, 50, 60, 70, 60, 50, 70, 50, 50, 50, 50. teeny tiny uh... print that's right this is jimmo Sullivan who has a really teeny tiny outside jim font why the hell isn't it people asking the questions take longer than metal and all by trying to answer them the guy now has been going on with this question for about three minutes well probably uh... getting close to lunch time that uh... thank you for your service to this country i would like to probe a little bit further the i don't want to get that she wants to probe a little bit further you see how you can take almost in right tell uh... oh the thought of that is just makes me want to vomit but speaking that last now that thing that went that line in there about p and that uh... but i just played well actually on SMBC last night the anxious and totally untalited and in that day and abrimous who is filling in for the even more grotesque who is it they have on now between nine and ten depernorville okay all brought the between the two of them you can find any talent with a search party but anyway they had the story and a uh... directly quote and we'll look into it virgin line of careways on friday scrap plans to install bright radio and all shaped like women's open lips and uh... nearers john afkennity international airport ticket received complaints they were offensive you see this is the problem folks innocent people are dying and being but you know what we've got more people on a work now and who knows what uh... three million jobs lost in last three years we've got all these serious problems going on we're paying in our pants there it is again waiting for the next terrorist attack that shoot a drop and we're worried about crap just just like those people say who give a shipment about this under god thing they got a good point on a poll anyway and i'm sure you see this right you saw the thing on tv absolutely one of the most email pictures in uh... yahu and what right virgin first of all again talking about wild imagination those could have been make jaggers lips from uh... that's thones album you know right temporary from rocky horror there you go could be anything it's uh... it's a freaking urinal with little rt farce on it okay virgin athletic was very sorry here people's concerns about the design of the kisses urinal to be fitted into our clubhouse at jfk airport we can assure everyone who complained of what's that no offense was ever intended virgin spokesman john weirdon said misstatement weirdon said the british company received several dozen complaints from people in groups including the national organization for women after it it's plans for the urinal said it made public now had posted a message on his website urging members to complain to virgin chief Richard pranson the national organization of bitches not bitches now president came gang the on the group's website said i don't know many men who think it's cool to be in a woman's mouth even a porcelain one and they quoted that an ms and bc last night so it's good enough for them it's it's in the news story the urinal designed by a Dutch company of course bunch of purverts was the idea of a female designer weirdon said virgin was surprised by the negative reaction of the plan part designs for the lounge built the pamper first past customers they said oh sorry you won't have you will see that no more because there's a few people all p up he'd off man airy things offensive airy buddies offended everybody's pissed off and fired up about crap the important stuff we can we can't move them for a lot of money can't do nothing to get them off the dime the important stuff like the bill rights little things like that like bush one in the coming in like uh... that that's story had before ninety eight hundred six floor that means we got a hundred and ninety four to go to get to ten thousand will do that i think today before like fall off a log don't easy ninety eight oh six cali now there must be somebody else some other people thank goodness promoting this on here this is not an ego trip just me when i tell you because it's not all that exciting it's pretty boring and uh... pandris but there must be some other people do it because i noticed california took off again the last night and texas is in first even the urch has been a little bit of a move but we're still forty one hundred uh... seems to have been the urch and the grand total now must be let me take a few get it oh yeah we just have seventy five thousand i keep saying we scot with this petition drive although we're part of it us then seventy five thousand sixty six which is uh... pretty darn nice and thanks to mark written for a lot of the island everybody else who's uh... got the guts to sign on with guess who's in a hospital i give up how about a facet r a s p c t alrefa urethra urethra franklin's been hospitalized for underscore's ailment is in stable condition her public is be saying the cleanest old who lives in detroit was hospitalized saturday how come this news is so slow getting around this is today's uh... c b s news according to gweidelin quinn her near city based publicist quinn decline to say where the singer been hospitalized she said he had no further information about franklin's illness or how long she'd be hospitalized with kind of like vague to me and choir reminds one and all including the hump or who's uh... in the bachamas but you know i'm sure you've not listened but if the hump or new about this had she's uh... his favorite or is it the other way around mutual franklin who's soulful voices made her one of the world's most revered singers known for her numerous hits including her signature song respect you make me feel like a natural woman maybe i love you chain of fools change change and freeway of love franklin dotter of a back this preacher famous for his fiery sermon start out singing the church choir and yaddi adiada and cozana she turned 62 on thursday let's hope she makes it one of grandnie work for best traditional r&b vocal performance for wonderful from eleta cd so darn how actually it's called so damn happy see god's punishing her for saying damn that's why she's not hospital it's a good thing she didn't say so what you know here's the fact that says needle i hope this uh... sign came through uh... may have cup of the judges might be for the end save our for this is good uh... like that i'll be donating few bucks to the cause dotter demand says rick alphrido in some more later on these people must be stopped the incentive the ends now before it's too late ps i'm not going to can't at i'm staying in fighting sorry George whatever rick means by that thanks a lot the rick and here's the uh... his design save our freedoms and it's got like a uh... what is that gun eagle yeah and then it's got the www stop at stop at cc dot com nice gone rick here's what it says some people may not know but order make sure you're counted on stop at cc dot com you must verify electronic signature i just have to check my spam folder found an email from webmaster at stop at cc dot com people using a well-bels off other providers that utilize a spam trap for email needs to be checking it you need to stress this over and over again we need votes i'm a registered republican believes in less government our life keep up the good work and let me say it again this is not a partisan issue there are three republicans and two democrats on the fc right now and they're all about you're lunatics they're all rabid they're forming at the mouth and all they did was use the janit Jackson and just in think about flap at the superbowl uh... less than two seconds of partial new to the of a breast as an excuse to all of a sudden start singing dutch land uber Wallace and censoring everything we're gonna find you we're gonna fire you we're gonna take away your license this is madness is what it is and and and the obvious question is based on what well don't ask any questions we just decided what but we just made it up like they've always done they make it up as a go along that's why nobody can understand the ruling of indies and see nobody certainly understands that business of course language what the hell is that she they could say right there or you said hell that's course language everything and anything it's a catch all it's just a trap is what it is i think basically the what they would like to do is catch all of us so that they can just have rush and uh... a shun Hannity in bill or rally and a few of the right wing lunatics on here and everybody else goes by by that's it that's it see uh you finally did uh the law and of course when you're working for people who may be meanwhile but our little on the little kind of side like we are here oh boy every morning before the show i had these verbal intercourse with duff and with clearance and the amazement talking the wall here i mean between the two of them i and again not not because of a bad intentions i think maybe a little bit of lack of confidence might be part of it but uh and lack of uh backbone but uh the side from that and of course reg anybody seen Greg are you seeing Greg yesterday and what he say honey after city but what anything life in general what did he say i thought talking about that ad we were in uh clearance his office while he was looking at those uh prices and and that's it do we have his support meaning meaning that he liked the idea was he enthusiastic or was he was he just doing the usual Gregory commentary which is eeeer like that he didn't seem to dislike it oh when we come back after the break ask me if i hear oh oh were you drudge packing hello unlawary man and i'm built in hard chairman of the fc where here to thank all of you for not paying attention to anything we do i'd like to thank you mr. aes for all the women i've had my share of horse but you outdid yourself by sending mariah carry mar pleasure bill oh and that bottle of wine yes left on my car she don't mention it bill why without your help clear channel corporation couldn't have assimilated ever radio station in the country now i'm not telling everyone the exciting news about the new fcc this kind of hard this way you can take your tongue out now well from this point on the communications act of 1936 has no longer valid and the federal communications commission will now be known as friends of clear channel but you still can't say do do all the air right bill whatever you say mr. Mays say how about another one of the unsatilites certainly and oh say hi to Willie what your mouth boy it's eleven oh one and five sixty wqm so uh he don't it do our class a big part great great need to give you a check for thousand dollars a no i would be bad see and we don't want to get qm involved in this is a new rangers in our listener thing okay in our website we don't want to get qm involved in the middle of that because god forbid that they should see the qm is involved in a stop fcc dot com thing because all of us if that's uh slap on a wrist again let's slap all around the head and shoulders let's get them so that would not be a good idea five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line keep threatened take dozens of doesn't call and maybe I will maybe I won't wqm hello any idea you do this one pretty good sir first you can put me down for a hundred bucks all right for your ad what a guy just let me know where i got to send it okay we will and second did you really are to call about this lady that now wants to have the smoking ban in the outdoor senior areas of the restaurants uh now we're zed in florida in florida oh no i i thought you were talking about the story in california where they want to make non smoking on the beaches now no no no no this lady she she's complaining because when she takes your two eleven month old twins yeah to a restaurant to eat and she can't sit on the patio because you're smoking out on the patty oh well you know what let her stay home that's right or you're gonna be so sick and apparently's militant non smokers man it makes me sick to my stomach all right buddy let me let us know where we got to send the money but you can put me down for a hundred bucks thanks a lot pal appreciate you got a bunch of money all right how do you like that we'll get our 30 grand whatever it is how made we need you better get that out in the USA today i'm i'm i'll see how much we get then we know based on that then we'll see how we have i'm thinking like in the next couple of months get this uh thing roll roll and okay give people off a certainly before the summertime we got uh April May yeah we're not timing is good because once said June one comes and everybody goes away to do about a school or he was on vacation you're talking to yourself you know well you know especially in July and August you know how that goes here's the fact it says a soft photo yesterday carried by the AP of condolisa was shot through white house window us where she looked like Yoda with a wigg and red dress on she's the devil with a red dress on i'll tell you that this mightle and all bright remind you of a shaved on yes or i'm a fart now that you mentioned it and you're reath her ways about three hundred pounds could be some gastric disturbance why might play a sounder in there uh but i can't do it because we don't got it no more well we do got it somewhere but we're not gonna do it let's see frank says can you air where to send the letters to the FCC let me explain why someday morning i turned on tv wanted to watch some local news but all i saw was a bunch of preachers spewing lies to the people i don't want our kids seeing this crap and it's on free tv it ain't right that my kids could accidentally turn on these stations in here this vs and much rather listen to people who live in a present and talk about current arrest excellent point frank it's objectionable to be too i protest i protect i protest you know who ought to be on top of this and somebody is obviously promote this because i'm looking at the response on air and they're coming in from west virginia and arasona and california was constant and uh wherever uh rush ought to be on this i know that uh he's not what our favorite people to say to least and he was busy licky licky with the vice president yesterday with vice president ditty but nevertheless you know he came out at the first the days when this thing whole started with stern and all you know i was coming after him now who knows if kerry gets in they'll be going after me you know because supposedly like this other guy at the fact before republicans are and and real conservatives are against government intervention and mess with stuff like this they he ought to be vehemently opposed what how come he's not promoting stop at cc dot com how come some of you rush people don't get on his afat as you know i just don't get it oh and frankson another franks for frank is out of control he says the big problems that most of us who are offended by this religious elit don't speak out about it we all need to write to the fcc tell me don't want our kids to see okay countdown frank i got your point maniac wqm hello definitely another hundred blocks for you definitely uh the first time theater thing is in last week with nick danger and rocky racoco kudos that was great thank you what is there to say jords what do i know what is there to say nothing we would take his hundred bucks of course if he's got it if he really would come through that's the least he could do after all the uh aggravation all of these years wqm hello pretty good sir look out there's one or it was a two years or a thing the idea that the fc was putting uh was thinking of a trolley you couldn't say bad words from the cell phone they were the filing people that true yeah cell phone and also in the bathroom if you say anything bad in the bathroom or if you make any bad noises they're going to come and get your ass not they come and get your ass take that away then you can't make any of those noises again right right mr wipple might not be too happy about it nine eleven panel sites bush and Clinton in action that's all one word in action the Clinton and bush administration decision used diplomatic rather than military options against al-Qaeda allowed the nine eleven terrorists we loot capture years before the attacks of federal panel said today the Clinton administration at early indications of terrorist attacks to osami amama and future nine eleven mastermind kali cheek Muhammad as early as ninety five but let years pass is that pursuit criminal indictments and diplomatic solutions to subduing them abroad it found bush officials meanwhile fail to act immediately on increasing intelligence chatter and urgent warnings in early 2001 by its counterterrorism adviser Richard Clark to take out al-Qaeda targets according to preliminary findings by the commission reviewing the attacks how do you like that how do you like that so maybe he's not as lacking credibility is kind of liisa and many other rabbit right wingers would have us believe yesterday we found that the CIA and the FBI tended to be careful in discussing the attribution for terrorist attacks to bipartisan reports said the time lag between terrorist act and a definitive attribution route a month then years as the evidence was compiled hey let's do a study former representative lee Hamilton appearing on CBS is the early show that they said the commission will not make any final judgments about the Clark allegations or other assertions until it's reviewed all the evidence madeline al-Bright told the commission at president Clinton and esteemed everything we could everything we could take out based on the knowledge we had to protect our people and disrupt and defeat al-Qaeda they preliminary reports said the US government had determined been lawd was a key terrorist finance series released ninety five but that efforts to excel him from Sudan installed after patent officials determined he couldn't be brought to the US without an indictment a year later been lawd and let Sudan set up his base net Afghanistan with no resistance and a co-zone and on and on at great light the because on O'Koo's there now one of the most anxious of them all morning one of the uh Roland colon my colon's put you now just see in him who are listening and watching today grieve just as the Spanish are grieving and just as we at the department of nice lies by the way at the u.n. colon I have one thing to say to you yeah total sellout and every aspect of the war you name it that's him five six seven oh five sixteen here's a call in line nine Q.A.M. hello uh can I speak to uh Neil speaking yeah how are you doing pretty good um i'm 55 years old i've never voted before i finally uh what he call it uh register yeah and i'm voting against uh then bushmaster he'll write he's crazy yeah he is crazy and the people of support might increase you then he is absolutely a couple of Jews doing that yeah a couple of Jews couple of meals are making it right though yeah okay thanks for the uh you have some more and you have no more. five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and rise to wireless line that's our kind of guy right there he's right up our alley it's 11 o'clock four hundred eighteen votes do you think the words under God should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools yes get religion out of the public school 176 dang it who gives a Schmidt hundred twenty eight no it's part of american life twenty seven point two percent say no it's part of our life it's part of the american scene it's uh it's america one nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice in the past but not no more yeah that's it they can leave the other god of theirs long as they change the last part with liberty and justice for wherever we decide but not no more then tourist speaks in favor of game erages i got a whole bunch of stories about game erages which quite frankly uh not one of my real big priorities right now how can you say that new you fact well i just i don't uh it's is that something that's a pressing uh thing on your mind these days no what's different now the interfera with your ability to get laid you know what he just said i don't know when you get off the plane chas chas chas turned what you said oh my god i i know how we can raise that 30 grand we can have a big cookie jar you know with a slot in the top and every time word does one of these deals where he steps over the line right on the line or uh into the line just uh put a dollar put put a looney in a tuni in there okay see what is the u.s dude like that we have those Susan the Anthony dollar coins nobody like it well you're laughing you're laughing if you had any idea or how pleasant it is here among many other reasons but uh to have looney's in tunis dollar coins in two dollar coins the instead huh there are no dollar bills here there are a few three dollar bills but well quite a few but uh there are no dollar bills and no two dollar bills looney's in tunis it's great good how needs a dollar bill and then you could just throw a looney in the a thing okay okay so every time he doesn't know the one of those Josh make sure he sticks another dollar bill into the big jar grab in the jar now good grab it it's 11 passed 11 coal and towels on your line through his teeth again turn for us as it has been for the past several administration yeah hope you're proud or read all of that BS that you said you wouldn't read when you threw it up in the air and said I'm not read this BS that you win sure proud of and of course those maps you got that he's got the road map in the middle east which ain't working to go these days he got all those maps that were all those weapons and the destruction are he knows exactly where they are but these uh he's got problems and of course his son the anxious Michael Powell the uh oh my goodness the commissioner of the FCC head oh what a family that that in fact that almost ties in two that we didn't put politicians in there our second poll today starting at about 11 30 I guess what American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time oh I think that's a good question we never did that before we have it it's good I don't know how many there'll be though I hear the ones I put on there so far she and family Martin Charlie and Emilio Esther Vaz Sutherland's Donald and keyfers is there somebody else in their family? Quiefer. No seriously I don't know why they're Canadian by the way. Osmons the marks brothers and the Jackson's that's a good start to that pool I had the bald ones and the berry mors. The bald ones and the berry mors is an excellent one the bald ones as in the bald one brothers I don't want to get star with that because I can't figure out who they are and the uh bearer mors, ethyl and john and uh drew drew and uh drew rose in house the very more okay so there we somewhere you'll add I'm sure 11 13 a Q.A.M. hey if you are adding up the pounds because your fat is a cow and your frustrated because you just cannot lose that weight no matter what you try you owe it to yourself to try balance for life because it's easy to stick with because they provide all the food for you they do the cooking and the food is fresh delicious keeps you satisfying all day long balance for life is the premiere meal delivery service it's based on Dr. Berry's series zone diet bringing your three meals to snacks every day right your door and that famous little black sack and with all that food everyday how can you say you're really on a diet try the real meal service that delivers results based on the zone diet don't settle for limitations all you have to do is just open your black sack every day there's no shopping no cooking no cleaning no calorie counting no carb counting either and people are really losing an average of 12 to 18 pounds a month with balance for life the zone diet has been proven lower your blood sugar high cholesterol and high blood pressure too and now if you ever wanted to try the south beach diet here's your chance balance for life is closest thing you'll ever find because balance for life is the only meal delivery company arp is your menu choices the let you go from phase one to phase three of the anxious south beach diet so if you've tried all the other programs if you're still fat as a tub and you really frustrated this could be the thing you've been looking for for a long time because the food is fresh delicious no preservative nothing frozen no crap just great goodies to keep you for all day long feel the difference you to results on the scale I just about right away column tool free one eight six six two two five forty five forty three that's one eight six six two two five forty five forty three or check out their website balance for life dot com we're supposed to be a five six two a m the outie series the ultimate job interview the apprentice starring billionaire Donald Trump his business to please if you're born as if you want to sex with him and his apartment he only shows kids and presents you say in business you have to speak your mind don't be afraid to be heard or expressing opinion I have something to say I don't feel comfortable agreeing to sleep with you you're fired isn't that against the long system towards these which he's fired isn't that one way you're fired the apprentice all right he's a business of case you see my hair horrible here dead cat doesn't matter women across the world want me no why I'm with billions you they're looking black guy how do you do with the ladies I'm pretty well no you don't you're nothing let's ask the ladies ladies if you had to pick which one of us to go to bed with who would it be good looking poor black guy or billionaire would get hit the car thought so I look new look the apprentice on NBC I forgot to mention our beaded curtain section today and it's already the second hour boy we would be screwed up big time Rebecca Gayhart see I did see did you look her up I'm doing it right now as a matter of fact I'm putting out the bio which I'll get to in a second as soon as I get through these faxes that just a pain in the ass it's one bio so I have time to say that these are a very fresh paparazzi pictures for someone who has never shown and Rebecca Gayhart naked behind a big in curtain you must be 95 years old at least be able to prove it have ID 3 forms either in film nor posed on purpose as she's shown it I see raised in pineshop Kentucky not far from hazard Kentucky where she was born Gayhart is a battalion Irish German and Cherokee heritage wow that family sure got around you don't say around what each other well let me tell you something my brother right okay come down she moved to New York at age 15 to finish her high school education after spending in some of their modeling she completed the high school at New York's professional children school then study at the least lost brigands to two at least lost brig the hotels here midway through her second term she became a cast regular on the daytime drama loving her second career started rather her career started commercials where Rebecca gained national recognition is the nagsema girl but for the nice few years she worked steadily in tv or credits include Beverly Hills 9021 oh the NBC mini series invasion and the ambulance series earth two then in quick succession she appeared alongside Gabriel Burn and the Tassa Natasha Kinzgan Stasiya Nastasi with a J okay Nastasiakinsky and somebody is waiting directed by Martin Donovan the adventure comedy nothing to lose with timber obbids and martin Lawrence and the cult hit screen two i saw that with need Campbell i was uh... music recently she wrapped a prequel from the from dust till dawn and title hangman's daughter directed by pagey uh... pj uh... jopecci and produced by robber rod regas and quentin hern'tino her most recent films include her shirts starring need Campbell directed by a yaddiati uh... darlin stines job raker uh... ice of kittens film shadow ours harvard man and show times did like me in many other words she was born august 12 1972 which makes her but thirty two almost thirty one and a half five seven measurements thirty four b twenty four thirty four can we say that anymore though measurements c it's a rare a dark bond eyes blue two sisters one brother her son is leo now here's a uh... fact that says check out this uh... link it's a great video slide presentation about bush lord et cetera it's arick blummer it should dot com at the other mike and do you know get to a mike thanks so much let's see did you just play two burps it's very offensive uh... like that how back at you idiot five six seven oh five sixty let's uh... given this pool here's the final result in this one and we'll do the other one do you think the words under god should be removed from the pledge of allegiance in public schools five hundred two votes and just over an hour that's not too bad yes get religion out of public schools two hundred eight forty one point four percent of those people are absolutely correct and i'm a stick about it and man who gives us met one sixty one no it's part of american life hundred thirty three twenty six point four percent brainwashed the quizzling's just going along for the ride that's all without a thought in their mind you know saying i have no life free said well we've just been doing it for a long time and i'd that must be it that must prove uh... the point you know ventura speaks in favor of game marriage former Minnesota governor just even through his feather boa into the game erage ring uh... yesterday call to get a cop out from Massachusetts lawmakers to send a constitutional band of voters we have a representative style of government represent your people in vote and stand by what you believe in seven to a who was a professional wrestler who was known for his landboy customs civil rights issues should not be put on a ballot amen the idea that you can vote against civil rights for your neighbors even if they turn out to be pain in the ass neighbors who don't want to see your first salesign no more who are tied to looking at it even though it's on the side of the house nowhere near where anybody really can see it unless they're spying and looking for it i'll tell you one thing lady you're looking for it all right currently a fellow at Harvard University's institute of politics ventura period of the state house alongside state auditor joseph denucci a former boxer were two tough guys here to show support for a basic human right denucci said what would have been really great is that they tied the knot clad in jeans and sneakers and wearing a full beard and a shaggy ring of hair ventura asked how is my marriage under attack if two gays or lesbians down the street want to make a lifelong commitment to themselves love is bigger than government said ventura think about that think about that said Jesse de body how do you like that big macho guy like him a prominent group of gay republicans is opening a TV campaign in california today to defeat that proposed constitutional men and back by president bush banding same-sex marriage the as-possed by the ridiculous self-hitting log cabin republicans is the beginning in sacrament or probably be shown another part of the state soon said mark me they should both been for the organization the at features by president dick chanian a two thousand debate saying the matter same-sex marriage should be left up to the states we agreed the ad concludes former representative miss michael hoffington a republican for saturday barber who says he's bisexual but we know better said yesterday's donated a hundred grand log cabin republicans to help uh... help in part pay for the media campaign i know the joys of mirrored said having been the former husband of political cominator every and a hoffington also that this commitment about a whole same-sex couples can have the same rights benefits and responsibilities is opposite sex couples expressed disapointed proposed amendment i think this is a crash political move to attract a few extra votes from the religious right he said can alicius spokesman for bush at the president simply defending the idea at marriage of the between a man and a woman underwant that book is coming out one by larry flint oya about that bush abortion in Texas oh boy that's this summer you you think that the richard carcbook stood up a bunch of stuff just wait you ain't seen nothing yet man but on the other hand back in a gay marriage thing in the last and least i hope could who cares at this point not even that it's not a meaningful issue but it's just their bigger fish to fry think you're right now bigger things to be worn about like colon palm and it'll kite it and other terrorist groups and the michael pial speaking of terrorists yeah that it's really something for our secretary state to be talking about terrorist groups when his son is the chairman of the worst terrorist group in america right now the FCC who are peace by peace word by word uh the dismanhing the first amendment taken a wire freedom of speech word by word by you got it sound by sound even not even words sounds oh raspberry are you sure i'm positive i checked it out okay more than two dozen black pastures added their voice to the critics of same sex marriage attempt to indistence civil rights struggle from the gay rights movement and defending marriages a union between a man and a woman i guess little Richard wasn't there or james brown when a homosexual comparison self to the black community doesn't know what suffering is said the Reverend Karen James and African American studies professor at temple university here's a guy who goes to temple jones and 29 pastures rallied late yesterday with a supporters at an Atlanta area church where they signed a declaration outlining their beliefs on marriage and religion wow wow wow wow wow what about the u-dark folks man you don't like the jews you don't like fags i guess i guess black people in america for good that everybody hates them so they might as well hate everybody else they don't like they don't like Cubans right nope like anybody they don't like each other all i much either it's way goes it's eleven twenty seven and five sixteen i look at this i see i guess i know this this copy i got here is ng you know what i mean this is about same patty's day now add a wooden screw up on uh for my teddy bear what he would he be oh uh huh now let me see if i can do anything with this because uh while let me try it if you're looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday new baby or for boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, they send a barre grand for him for my teddy bear just call 1-800-A29 bear and a friendly bear capsule help you choose more for 100 bears personal i-3 love one and delivered in their famous gift box with free card and chocolate you can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name in birth they'd imported on the bib and they had some lucky bears for same patty's day too which i if you missed out it's really a shame like a new leopard con bear in the irish bear with a kiss me tattoo on a zarmy Any special occasion with us at birthday anniversary, Lucas, you name it overnight and seven delivers guaranteed. So instead of just in on the same old, tired flowers which willent a few hours, send something neat and creative, call 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at Vermontedibir.com. Show your care, send a bear, 1-800-829-B-E-A-R, tell them that Neo4j is called, and that Adam is a real, well, you know. Hey, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn. All right, don't everybody get around the condiments here. What kind of protest do you want? Sit in, Robin, in it in your waters, love us, it's non-finals, you punk the right man, because I am the condiments. Look at the organ, I'm the boy, man. I'm the young girl. And not afraid of the crowd, but all the bread and pour away, the gang of men. Look at the man. Look at the gang of men. Look at the man's hair. The gang of men, cause he makes his way, love and make justice come to the man. Who gets fired, and not just for, but just for. We're here, what's the train? We can make his own clothes, not afraid to go to the scene, the gang of men. Look at the man. Look at the gang of men. Look at the gang of men. Look at the gang of men. What if it's with love, and they just just don't love the man? The gang of men, cause that he's a criminal, mass of him to six and isons, all the other religious persuasions. What a very new cock isons. Look in the middle, take a picture, take a picture. Look in the middle, take a picture, take a punch. Look in the middle, take a smile. You can think what they want, sit behind your head, plains your clouds, show them if it's a scarlet or a landsys that you keep on your head. Look in the middle, take a picture, take a picture. Listen to what women can do. Look, looks of aquarter-hole, and an Creedburg. Looks like for theist in front of the guard, the gang of men, might be shoes that you pay. Here's the gang of passion. A friend, who does what you want. Look, and they just don't love . Don't need money, they'll get arrested, they'll get arrested, they won't die. I'm the old 10th of Texas, you're the best guy to do what they say. What I swear, I will start myself today. This is just amazing. Anament I'll read the facts that was the inspiration for that. Wait till you hear the story that I just came across from the BBC. A Brazilian pastor has died during a screening of Mel Gibson's controversial film the passion of the Christ. Yeah. Jose Haraldos Sottis, a 43-year-old Presbyterian, had booked a whole cinema to view the film of this congregation. Aha. And guess what? He died. And you got it. God called the whole. halfway through the movie his wife noticed that he was no longer awake in a doctor in the audience confirmed that he had suffered a heart attack. Friends denied that violence scenes of Christ beating in crucifixion had caused pastors Sottis to expire. He was calmly watching the movie next to his wife said, I'm not a cost to a family friend. Mrs. Sottis noticed that something was wrong when her husband didn't reply, but she spoke them during the film. The couple's two children were also in the cinema in Bellar Horizonte, capital D, Southeastern State of Minas Jedi. Okay. I don't know. Something in Portuguese, I'm sure. Oh. The film was open in Brazil on Friday has been criticized by some of the considerable violence in its bloody portrayal of Jesus' final 12 hours and it's alleged anti-Semitism, but Catholic church leaders in Brazil have praised the patch of the Christ as an accurate narrative of the biblical events because of course they were there and they know. He died. Yep. You don't think it was an act of God. Do you? Is it everything? Wow. Yeah, put that on the t-shirt. It's meals fall. Anyway, this, the reason I played that Gandhi man, we got a bit for everything. You know, some of them would you still play? I'm good man. How do you like that? We got about 30 bits of the DCS out of about 6,000 now. We can still play. I'm not sure. It's going tough. And Clarech, you doing a hell of a job of clarifying all this for us. Get on the phone right now. Okay. Give them what for. Just scream and yell. Get on the phone to an apos and just like that. Make a good one, Oasis. And see, you're not going to stop calling them and bug them until we get to some clarification. Anyway, the fact is as we should leave it one nation under God. They're to pacify the most dangerous. 40% of Americans who live outside the coastal urban areas. The endothels who will never crawl pasted artis of their shotgun-productive caves, it's a non-issue let them head their god references. Okay. If honest and selfless our leaders are clever enough to separate church and state regardless of the green tooth demands, but our leaders are money-grubbing a leaders hypocrite or hypocritical warlords who govern them and who purposely feed them their fix of backward dribble to perpetuate their beliefs, which in turn roses all back in the same dark cave they live in. I hope there's an escape word like Alza Wahiri had there in Pakistan. Assute. A tunnel. We will all live in the squalor that's being foster orchestrated by the few self-appointed a leaders for the purpose of raising themselves above the masses. Neal can we ever get to the very achievable revelation that the most powerful and influential nation in the world can define strength by demonstrating a show of peace? No. I think we're closer and moving every near as a nation to linen than we are to Gandhi. Says he worked up to a frenzy fangser. Atheon 9840 on a signature from Florida on uh... stop fcc.com 160 to go to get to 10,000. Which would be a good start. 100 and what we got? 9847. 153 to go. What will do that one way? Easy. I'll guarantee one thing we'll do those 10,000 by two o'clock or I'm not coming back to rest of the week. That's just I don't like treading the audience, but it always seems to have a great effect, especially when I'm threatening to put you on. Sure. And they just had a couple weeks ago, a whole week a unit loved it. They enjoyed it. You were tremendous to the wonderful job. That's what Josh said. Right. Oh, that Josh. Yeah. On our clearance. Clarence can't stand you because you ain't not only don't you talk about sports, but you hate sports, you hate it. You're too much anti sports for clearance. You don't like you at all. I don't. Alex and my image says love your show and strong with support. Stop the fcc and the doing so from the first day you mentioned on your show. Thanks Alex. I emailed the link to everybody in my address book and courage evidence the same. What I think is funny is that your new list of forbidden words is not like you say the debug, but on fear factor last night in BC, one of the contestants clearly said, debug, right on prime time TV would know, believe their consequence. I just don't understand the fcc either. Well, don't Alex don't assume that the fcc told us that we can't say debug or s-bag or a hole. This is a list of words that the corporate attorneys at B'sley just pulled out of their ear or some office. It was passed along to us by a very petrified muff who's peeing his pants right now. Look at that, 594 votes on it. Pull. I wish Eric would take that down already so we can proceed with the next one. Would you please tap on a little message here? Say take the pull down already fat so and thanks for that extra link by the way, Eric. It's great. Do you think the words under God should be removed from the Pledge of Allegiance in Public Schools? That's the pull question today. The first one. Pull number one. Two pulls in one day. I got a line for that but I can't say it no more. Yes, get religion out of public schools 250, 42%. Who gives a Schmidt 133, 32.4% and know it's part of American life 151, 25.4% brainwashed to God people with God's squad. They like it that way. One nation under God, indivisible. But liberty injustice for us. That was we like, for a few. For a couple. For all good, the goose stepping right wingers, everybody else screw you. This is the best facts we've had in a long time right here. This is outstanding. Be afraid. Be very afraid. It says the headline read today is real tense to kill all of Hamas leadership. He says I'd like to thank all those Christians and Jews who love Israel so much. You made it clear to this peace loving atheist who the real terrorist are. Sign anonymous and then it says. Be afraid. Be very afraid. Oh, man, you got your thumb right on it, pal. Can we still say that? Oh, no. I didn't say on what. Everything you say now to love you. Can we say that? Look for the QM van from noon to two at senior hysteria. Look at it at ninety nineteen Westpines Boulevard and pepper pines. Stop by and spin the QM prize wheel. That's obscene to win some of our low budget and bursting prizes. And when tickets to for the night's panther double game at the Yenta Center, the panthers and the devil's the that's noon to two at the senior hysteria and pepper pines. See, it's probably not a good idea. I don't want to give advice to Alan Cohen and my friends in the panther organization my former friends. They've been pretty nice to me, but to the rest of the fans, they treat like crap and they do a lot of stupid things like that. Less is parking zone. People are pissed off about that. And when you have a team that never makes the play off. See, I was just thinking about this last night. Now that it's almost mathematical and it is a certainly the panthers will not make the playoffs again this year. They just don't make them. They've made them three times in the history of the franchise. That's that's not a very good what you call track record. If you catch my drift, okay. It's not a really good incentive for people to come out. So when you know that you're not going to make the playoffs, that the team is like the youngsters in the organization, if we're a lot of really good ones, but never less, I just can't quite not good enough for prime time. And then you go out of your way to like, see, it would seem to me also before it again when they start blaring that music for people to get there early. That somebody from the organization would go downstairs, wander around in the stands and fight out of the side of the music is so bone crushing, ear piercing, gut wrenching loud that people can't even hear themselves think and it's hurting their ear grump. I'm really happy I did to give the high sign up, say, hey cut that back a little bit, okay, schmuck. 19 till noon at 5.60 QAM. My, my local ear sports video 5.60 QAM. It's day in Miami town of Bootin at 5.60 WQA. He's an American music icon, the original country punk. And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band. It's the best of Johnny Clash. The show's ready, the whole like it. Walking, the Casbah. The man in black is back. I'm track with a very special version of Train and Vane. Did you stand by me? No, not at all. Did you stand by me? No way. Yes, London's calling. And they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash. If I go there will be trouble. And if I stay in Willby, double. Hello, this is Johnny Clash. And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy. My brand new record. So you got all that mean. Should I stay? Or should I go? The best of Johnny Clash. Look forward in the combat country section of your local record store. Hey, Johnny. Okay, Johnny. Take care yourself. I just discovered something astonishing. I got a new hobby now. Okay. This is unbelievable. I thought I knew a little bit about the internet. But I don't know crap. Do you know that you can actually, which one of these things do I have to click on? Here it is. You can search the traffic on any website that you wanted. Did you know that? You did? More at Walgreens with the Alexa toolbar. It's easy. Right. It lacks a fantastic. It is the best of us. Anyway, let's not want to get into that right now. But that could kill like a whole life. You wouldn't have any time to do anything. You're just looking in search and reading and dittling around. Pretty interesting. Anyway, what American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time? Or I suppose that's our second pull question. Before we get to the results so far, which we just tripping a few vote. 98.54. That's the latest total of I see on stopfcc.com from Florida. 98.64. Like I said, see? What that means, we mean another 136 will make 10,000 in about a week. That's pretty good. Consider what a bunch of lame assa deadheads most globally in ZAR. 9864. I'll take you to the people are really ought to be on this and be assigned it up as the people at lost stern on big. And let me also remind you, which we don't do it often enough. If you go to the arangers.com and you're through looking at our naked picture that they were Becker gay heart. Be hath the beaded curtain. You can look back on there and see which are the eight stations there that you might accidentally listen to. Never listen to again. The clear channel station in South Florida. Don't listen to them. And positively absolutely don't ever tell anybody that you listen to those stations because something evil will happen to you. You'll die and go to hell. What they did. Right. Mike says, I'm a 55 year old white man. I never voted. I consider myself fairly liberal. The next is for me was when Ascroft drape draping something or statues and cloth. God forbid we should see a breast. I'll vote for Kerry. God knows he's a piece of terror. But consider the alternative. There you go. My God. Bad. And then somebody about one nation under God. He lists several of the gods. So the gods of all these different religions, Judaism, Bahai, Spiritism, Sikhism, Kuchikuchi, Kuchikuchi, Shinto and so on. We get, I get the message. Thanks a lot, KP. Cheerio and Medita Springs who just is out of control says, I'm sure somebody else was to just the founders today. That's a great one. That's why I won't read just them. He'd like to vote for the caradines. God was great as a preacher Casey and the grapes of wrath. Look if we're getting David Curating is in Kung Fu. A lot of people like to forget he said that they still remember Keith Curating is not seen in the new HBO series Deadwood. I haven't seen Robert Curating in a while. Maybe it's his turn to dry out. Yes, the caradines may all be crazy, but I like their work. That's a great family there, Jerry. Just like they see on the family feud. Great family. Even though you're dumb and you lost the show, but never another great family. Good answer. Or like they said when Richard Cart said Iraq had nothing to do with the 9-11. Wrong answer. The buzzer went off. Wrong answer. Can you believe that? Do you believe that? Do you believe they flew in what's his name? Special Richard. Richard, what's his name? Richard? Not Richard from family feud. Oh, that wrong answer Richard. Dawson? Dawson? How come we both had a little brain fart there? Richard Dawson? All the drinkin? Trying to forget. How many of you have been here? Hello? Hello, Van Nio, not you. Yes, sir. Hey, good afternoon. Good afternoon. I'm not sure what time it is. I do need to. No. Please forgive me. I'm not sure if you've already covered this turf with your poll question regarding the Pledge of Allegiance. But I believe those two words and questions were not originally in the Pledge of Allegiance. That is correct, sir. That is correct. Isn't that something? But now that it's there, it's like a new, it's a new holy war. Right. That's the God squad had those words inserted. I think during the Eisenhower years they had that inserted. Look at the Eisenhower. Yeah. I don't know. My job McCarthy was like a conner, but a communist. Yeah, it's right. So the FCC, can we change the spelling of that organization? Maybe to ask. Yes, sir. I already have five, six, six. You count five, six. You count five, six. The only AT&T. And Verizon Wireless line. I think we got cut off from that guy. You're going to go in, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I have a suggestion for the poll or for the family family. Go in ahead. In the family. How about I know one that you've really like, Mo Howard, curly Howard, Shem powered. Yeah, the three stuages. There you go. Sensational. Sensational. Absolutely. That's a lot, pal. Thank you. And don't forget, I'm listening. 24 hours of coming to Newpool. Get out of there, Mo. Get lost. I'm still at the end of the evening. Where did he get in? Hold on. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't really. I don't listen that much, but they're really into it big time. I think it had to do with that little handicapped girl or something in his comments about how she hates Joel. Oh man. This Mo, you talk about an old turret who will just never grow up. Hello, perhaps never grow up, and never has never even began to be close to being a human being. If you wonder why everybody in the building hates you, Mo, just look at the mirror. 44 votes. What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time? the sheen family that's what i voted for you wanted to lie i saw uh... really good movie would Charlie sheen last night i never like him all that much which one he's uh... all right never told me that movie was though i can't even think of what that was what was it i don't know i give up give me a Charlie sheen movie see can do a can you well anyway it was pretty good start though he's a good actor he really is a good act what happened in the movie i'm sure i've seen uh... you know what it was it wasn't even a movie was on biography channel that's what happened they told that he was born and he uh... whatever had problems you know like anyway uh... they just got passed by the mars brothers mars brothers got nineteen votes the sheen's martin charlie and amelio esture vaz is the bird used to say sixteen i like a video as to as for many reasons you and promised he's always got that disturbed look on his face you know i mean right like his daddy is uh... martin sheen uh... why would you say that how could you possibly say that about our president i mean the jackson seven the seven family domino keeper five the burial look at the way that Josh felt barra more is with two i think that was my fault oh there's only one no bearer more has been more i scrolled it out you're thinking to get a gary more okay there's only one owner the ball wins one the osmons don't have any of the first if the vote's done he's not too happy about that that's that's shameful course when you think about the osmons uh... right well there's danyan marie right sure i forgot about her so easy to do because he's so neurotic they're all neurotic but uh... i mean the other ones are like alan and uh... and other the other ones most people don't even know their names so it's strictly danyan marie so there's only the two of them that really amount to a hill of the but uh... the ball wins how many of the ball one brothers are not thirty minutes i think so i think i can't keep track of that stuff i'm gonna read you right now just a little bit just a few just don't panic from the sleeve of the book against all enemies inside of her his war and tear by Richard Clark and i went out there and bought a yesterday i'll take it one thing about the bookstores here man when book comes out first day they're here the bookstores here u.s. twenty seven dollars Canadian thirty nine bucks a but i have my discount card the bush administration is squatted the opportunity to eliminate alcada a new alcada as immersion is growing stronger in part because of our own actions and in an actions it's in many ways a tougher opponent than the original threat we face before September 11 and we're not doing what's necessary to make America safe from the threat no one has more authority to make that claim than Richard Clark the former counter-terrorism star for both bill Clinton and George W. Bush the one person knows more about a solid been law than alcada than anyone else in his country he devoted two decades of his professional life to combat in terrorism Richard Clark served seven presidents and worked inside the White House for George Herbert Walker Bush bill Clinton and George W. Bush until he designed March 2003 he knows better than anyone the hidden successes and failures of the Clinton years he knows better than anyone while we failed to prevent 9-11 he knows better than anyone how president Bush reacted to the attack and what happened behind the scenes in the days that followed he knows whether or not or not a representative terrorist threat to the United States and whether that were hidden cost of the invasion of that country most disturbing of all our Clark's revelations about the Bush administration's lack of interest now caught a prior to 9-11 from the moment the Bush team took off his decided to retain Clark in his post as the counter-terrorism star Clark tried to persuade them to take alcada seriously as had bill Clinton for months he was denied the opportunity even to make his case to Bush encountered key officials who gave the impression that they had never heard of alcada who focused incessantly on Iraq who even advocated long-discuited conspiracy theories about Adams involvement in previous attacks on the US. Clark was the nation's crisis manager on 9-11 running the situation room a scene described here for the first time and then watched in dismayed what followed. After ignoring existing plans to attack alcada when he first took office George Bush made disastrous decisions when he finally did pay attention. Coming from a man known as one of the hardliners against terrorist against all armies is both a powerful history of our two decades on confrontation with terrorism and a serving in debtment of the current administration I'm just going to read one paragraph okay from the first how many pages have I read? But third man! And he's describing what happened in the moments after the attacks? Can I get to this one page? When later in the discussion secretary Rumsfeld noted that international law allowed the use of force only to prevent future attacks and not per retribution, Bush nearly bid his head off. No the president yelled in the narrow conference room. I don't care what the international lawyer say. We're going to kick some ass. And look, this is for 236. And from now, I'll give you a Russian statement and I like to rub my smelly gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to the new rocker of Mr. Hour. Oh, Saman! That you'll be eager to handle Saman! There'll be bonds. Just thinking about Saman makes me nauseous cause I hate Saman. So let's go! If he thinks he can hide, just try. We'll find it. And the moment we do, it's true. I say! Oh, the Bonson for now. Oh, Saman! That you'll be beaded. And oh, Saman! There'll be bonds. Oh, Saman! Oh, Saman! Oh, Saman! I hope it's just a way. Oh, Saman! Oh, Saman! God damn it! Oh, Saman! I hope it's just a way. Oh, Saman! What I try to do is find a position. Wow! I'm exhausted. 12.35. 60WC. What a American entertainment family. Do you think he's the best of all time? Mark's brother is 36. How come we don't have the three stooges on there? Why don't we? The fine brothers. We don't need to put that. Nobody knows who that is. The three stooges, huh? I'm Charlie and Emilio 25. What? We've got a chart on the Josh that, whoa! Whoa! Don't be doing an air-computer. There's just one honor. Baldwin's one. Osmons two. Bear more seven. We've got a spell right now. Settleins 10. The Jackson's 11. See more people go for the Jackson's. But it's like, oh, you don't want to do it. We've got a total of 0.560. Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. I just wanted to thank you for motivated me yesterday. I got like 30 people to spot to get on that FCC. But I'm good man. Excellent. Pretty happy. I had something to do with the ball. Go right ahead please. Greatful dead family. Family, they expected together for over 30 years. Were they related? Jerry Garcia and Rich Garcia. My first time. Yeah. Okay, thanks, Bally. They're great for dead families. How about the Doris family? Sure. The Beatles family? The Walls family. The partridge family? Hey, they're well. Well, how about the castles? The castles is good. That's a good group. They're a family. The castles, good. And they're a partridge family. David Ducacity was surely Jones' steps on. Is he really? Didn't know that. She was married to Jack Cassidy. And he was Jack Cassidy son by some of the lady. Got it. Sean Cassidy is her son. Which quite frankly, I'd be in shame. 560560, Pont 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Wireless Line. Famous families, man. A castles qualifies. Even put the partridge family on it. But Danny Bowdo's bag in part of no family. And either was that guy named Tom, The Madden, Dave Madden, whatever's name one. Rubin' can Kate. Right, Dave Madden. David Q.A.M. Hello. David, Dave, you need a yeser. Hey, uh, go in the chances of Rick and Seth's going to Big. Going to what? Going to Big 106. None. None. Zero. Why did they just fall on the pace of the year? Why? Why would they? Because they went to work for Clear Channel. That was their worst mistake ever. Clear Channel bought out the station that they were on. And that was the Kissedette for poor Rick and Seth. That was the end of them. So I mean, I'm not even an A.M. Station anywhere we're taking them up. David, I mean, they've been on the Beach a long time man. Listen, Neil, how you still live in Tampa? That's why I first started listening to you guys. I'm sorry. No, what's your, your taste? You make the hints about Ron Iran, uh, Do it with drugs and everything. Did you really think that, uh, they were that bad or was. Ron Iran would drugs? Well, doing drugs in the studio. And like, no, I, I, I, I, I, I, I didn't want to do a drugs that we're doing Hookers that weren't doing drugs. Oh, you know, I thought they were that talented though. I thought they were grotesque. I thought they were awful. Do you follow in the form of a game down here? I'm going to Tampa and Tampa the head of a huge following. Because that was their speed. That's, uh, that's where they're coming from. But I mean, even, even, even even even even even. Even said it down here picked them up. And they were like, one thing number one at one point. Uh, for about a week, yeah. Yeah. I guess there's all high, huh? I think they suck. I mean, I just be honest with you. If I thought they were any good, I would tell you, but I thought they were pathetic. And then you notice when I came to Miami, Ron Diaz didn't even have the balls to, uh, to be with a show. He just disappeared off the coast of Rico somewhere and vanished into no man's land. Well, that was life time of age, I think. That, that, he was making jokes about that on the air. So when I had nothing to do with his lifetime, he was making jokes about that just like, uh, some other guy that, who's the guy that they had on the morning with, uh, Ron, uh, Bennington? He was making jokes. He was, who was it? Bill Hayes. He was making, no, no, that's not the one. Well, I'm glad they had on there was making jokes about his handicap kid. Remember that? Billy Hayes. Is that, I don't know who that is. I don't remember him. Must have made a big impact. And then, of course, they had same parks on there for while I was named, rocks? Uh, oh, and listen, speaking of a sunny fox. He can't impersonate sunny fox anymore under the new guidelines. Oh, you can't? Well, I know, I know one thing we can't play. Hi, this is sunny fox. I listen to the aradios because I could hear the word. Yeah, that's what you think. Sunny. Because you used to be able to hear the word. Oh, oh, can't say that. Ron and Ron, if you liked it, I'm happy for you. But you won't hear them coming back anytime soon. In fact, what are they, I don't know what they're doing. Ron and Fez is somewhere and D.S. came back someplace else. I don't know. I know that I really enjoyed their manager Tommy Cramer who didn't do drugs in the 60s when everybody else did. I think he waited till just more recently. WQAM, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, a couple of names for the poll. Go ahead ahead. You've got the Douglasist, Persian Michael. Right. Great chocolate. We forget them. That's bad. That's embarrassing. Can't forget those guys. What about the Tyler's? Steven Live. Right. That's good. And you were hitting music before. How about the man's real sister? The man's real sisters. Baldwin Louise and there may have been another one. I'm not sure. And the Shania. Thanks, pal. Have a great day. Good thing you've done. Okay. Yeah. The man's real sisters. Of course, that's if you like them come to music people, which I'm not all like crazy about come to music. I hated even worse than Ron and Ron. Marks brothers 43. This is going to be fun. This one I like. This is 113 votes. The Sheenies. 29. The Jackson 13. Donald and keep her settle in 10. The bear more is nine. The three stewardes six. Guess what they like more. That's a looted. Osmons two ball ones won the cartridge fan. The cartridge family doesn't really belong on. That's not a family. Okay. Let's get that off of that. That's what we were yoken. Let's replace that with the Steven Live Tyler. And then what was the other ones? He said he had a couple of good ones. By the. The officers and the entrances and was the other one. Douglas family. Douglas family. Kirk and Michael Douglas. Man, what a jerk for forgetting about Kirk and Michael Douglas. See, here's the facts that says, sometime ago I came across a quote that was attributed to Amiel Zola, which I paraphrase as who will apply Amiel Zola in that movie. Arthur Fons. What movie? I don't know the Amiel Zola story. Civilization will thrive when the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest. Oh, that's the best. This of course could apply to our original. I'm saving that civilization. Well, thrive when the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest. That's good stuff, man. Wow. Or when the last altar boy falls on the last priest. What is this? It's a fake, obviously. Oh, I see. You'll be notified by direct contact. And what is this supposed to be in regard to? I mean, I suppose it's a funny answer. Yeah. To serve it is in your real name. Anybody's real names. And the FCC doesn't contact people by fact machine. Right. A kind of company. That's owned your company. Yeah, yeah. So watch the company. You right. Okay. That's cute. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's probably not a factor of noon at 560WQ. If you're in a really dead end job, like maybe broadcasting. If you're underpaid and overwork, how do you like a new high paying career? But you don't have four years to waste on college. If this sounds like your situation, then pick up the phone and change it. Do something about it. I have no life. Get one. Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train. That can have you train in certified for a high paying computer network professional career. And as little as four short months, that's true. You can be fully trained already for a new career in as little as four short months. Fast train offers day evening weekend classes to be around your schedule too. The offer job placement assistance financially for people to qualify and because fast trains got seven convenient locations to serve you, there is body one convenient by you. So if you've been sitting around on your ass just morning and grown in about your fate in life, do something to change it. Get yourself a real career and the income that goes along with having it. Call fast train today. Check them out on the web first if you'd like a fast train.com. And then make that call once and for all. Call 1-866 fast train. Has my life been low. This is for 205-16. You wait too long. Well, he went out to eat and talked to Tim Russer. There's that he's gonna get into race. John Perry's crying. Just love me, you smile in. A route made of keeps getting right up in their face. All route made of keeps on running. Democratic parties really bummed again. All route made of keeps on running. To your peak and season, 50 recummed. All route made of keeps on sparring. Democratic blood's gonna keep on barling again. There's gonna be a fun ride. Gonna make everyone route made of keeps on running. Democratic parties really bummed again. But the outcomes are factored for all. All route made of keeps on running. Democratic parties really bummed again. All route made of keeps on running. Props 17 at 560 WK. This is kind of cute. This alleged FCC phony thanks that we got the only problem. Well, there's several problems with the ride. Problem being that the first of all, you don't go to court for FCC violations number one. Number two, the lack of the sentences like fitting all together. They're in a free. Evidently, Ms. Abernath had the FCC commission's have a little bit problem with the word process. But nevertheless, nice try. How about the Eglacy's family? Somebody says the Eglacy is not the like, right? That's bad. And then for a lot of not, you know something? What? Speak of the Eglacy's. Can't wait to snowmote. Right? No, you can't. Oh, you can't. So far. If I ask you to die. Okay. Okay. So far. Just for fun. Would you have on my- That's that. So there. Go. That's the end of that. I'm sorry. And we gave it a no-mo. Okay. Eglacy's family got it. We got it. And for Latterdale says, and how could we forget the Nelson's? The Nelson's? Your favorite. Now, to see me in the singing group in Nelson's, the family that the question? Or the Nelson family. That's on Jo. Nazion, Harriet, Rick and David, and the kids, and all of the long here in all of these things. The Nelson's. What's not to like? It's a special thing. No smoking forces taking new territory, the Beesh. Ten years after California said a national precedent by banning smoking and restaurants and bars, and months after prohibiting it within feed of government buildings and playgrounds, many of the state's coastal cities, and out banning smoking at the Beesh. Health and environmental officials say the moves are a logical extension of smoking bands and other publics. And our necessary to meet state and federal anti-pollution requirements. Some legislators have referred to the government as trying to far into private lives, with our necessary and overly pure technical victims. So, Lanna Beesh was the first California city to ban smoking at the Beesh when it enacted as prohibition lines of timber, saying, for many imposed a similar ban last week, Santa Monica's likely to follow suit on Tuesday and in Sanitus, they vote on the issue within a month. With a momentum of early victories and a smoking activist or a technique arguments to other coastal cities, from San Diego to Manhattan Beach, or most of the beech heading to Beesh, Newport Beach and beyond, Los Angeles is also graphing in those smoking ordinance for Venice, Doc Wiler will Rogers and Cabrillo Beach as well, Cabrillo. Whatever, I don't know. This really is a very basic issue, which is that the community is standing up to protect its youth and citizens from tobacco smoke and litter, said Judy Strang, executive director of Youth tobacco prevention corps, a group of teen activists that set the legislation motion two years ago at Solana Beach. The group would seek smoke free beaches, parks and recreation areas, approach three city councils in 2002 for provisional one week ban, as it goes on and on and on and on and on so sad. So sad. Let's start punishing the smokers. They're addicted and nicotine, just like us fat people are addicted to refined carbohydrates, but nobody wants to believe it. And I still say with all these gigantic antide tobacco company lawsuits, that when they decided to throw out the lawsuits again, of course that was the big business people. I was the Republicans. Oh, you can't see McDonald's anymore. Tant's who Burger King, why not? At least not for a dickening you to their food because they decide because they said, what do you mean why not? Are you starting again? Yeah. Shame on you. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Parisomar, let's line. Don't forget the QM fan right now with the anxious Scott. Go take a look at that. Till tour clocked senior stereo at ninety nineteen Westpines, Boulevard in Pembroke Pines, stop by and win the QM prize wheel for a chance to win some tickets for tonight's Panther Delegame at the A.E. at the center. That's now till tour clock senior stereo in Pembroke Pines. Ninety-eight ninety Florida signatures on a petition on stop FCC dot com. Means 110 to go. We better get on top of this, okay? I don't want to take it for granted that we're going to get to 10,000 by two o'clock because if we don't man, stuff's going to hit the fan. Make no mistake about it. W to QM. Hello. Hey, I'm Scott Neel. Speaking. Yeah, Neel. Can I give you one for the poll? Go right ahead, please. The break is, Jeff and Ren. Jeff, Bo and Lloyd Bridges. Who picked the wrong data quits and nothing blue? Absolutely. Absolutely. Bad data stop and go ahead and set them in. Okay. Good choice, pal. Okay, I'll take care. How do you like that? Good choice. He was, huh? Have a good part of it. It is a great choice. The bridges. Bridges, boats and, I get the bad data quits and nothing blue. Exactly. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Line 9. QM, hello. QM. Not there. QM, hello. Can we go for three in a row? Let's do it. W, QM. Hello. Yes. Yes. Neel. Can you give me a poll? Yes, sir. The WM brothers? The Wins? Yeah, the Wins brothers. Right. And the bridges, Hot bridges and, And Lloyd? Yes. And Jeff? Yep. Okay. I'll just pass. I'll just pass. Okay. So the Wins, Damon Wins and Sean Wins, Keenan Irene. Oh, there's a whole bunch of Wins. I thought that's what they did before a box and match. 560, 560, on the dead dead. Marks brothers, 61. Favorite American entertainment family, The best of all time. Marks brothers, 61. And their way ahead. Look at that. The Sheen's, Martin Charlie and Emilio Estoviz, 35. Three Stuges, 20. I thought more people like Moe. Absolutely. And I guess not. Vera more 16, The Jackson's 15, The Sutherland's 14. And after that, It's really slim victims out of 167. Osmonds have only got three. Wow. The Nelson's two. The Nelson's have appear. Baldwin's one, Bridges one, Tyler's a glaciest man, Rosesus and the, Oh, and the Wans none. And look at how he spelled Wans. Wans as in Wans world. What? W. A. Why any S? Wans? No, that thing. There's an extra A in there. It's somewhere. It's supposed to be an extra A in there somewhere. Look at that. Spellin. I don't know. I think there might be right. I think there's an A between the Y and the N. You know something between the two of you. How did it possibly be ES? How could it be an ES when I type Damon Wans? And that's what comes up. It's Wans though. It's Wans. Wans. Do you know your Wans the Hustano Zans? I'll do a search too. You did what? I think it's W. A. Why, A and S? That's the right one. That's the right one. Is that correct? Yeah. That, no, no. I'll see no matter what you search for. It's going to come up. I told you that the other day. No, no. I said, do you really mean Damon Wans? Neil got one right for old times sake. W A Y A and S. There it is on IMDB. So it must be correct. They don't make no mistakes. W A Y and E S. Man between the two of you. You ain't got your spell right. What you talking about? I was agreed with you. Oh. W to Q a M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Let's speak to Neil. Speaking. Yes, I am. How you doing? Pretty good. I got one. Go ahead. To the Wilson. The Wilson's. Oh, Carney Wilson. Brian Wilson. Carl Wilson. Sure. All of these people, right? All of these things. Good choice. Thank you. Thank you. Dennis Wilson, he's dead Carl Wilson, he's dead. The Wilson's, uh, how do we want to say that? Because they won't know who we're talking about. The Wilson's. No, no, that's not going to cut it. They're not going to know that. They're going to think you mean Mr. Wilson on Dennis the menace. How many kids did he have? Bunch. I would say. About 30 men. No, seriously. And, uh, I don't know how you say it. Well, put something in parentheses. Like what? The C-B-S-M-W-L-S-S. Well, there's Carney and Brian and Carl. Right. Dennis, I think that's them. That's it. Do I leave anybody else? But in parentheses, the singers. How many other Wilson's are there? He Wilson. Jackie Wilson, he's not in there. But there's no kids. How about the most famous Wilson of them all? Woodrow? Oh, well. I'll see. Okay. He's my dad. Hey, what is intellectual audience man? They know they're Woodrow Wilson from Princeton. El Presidente. So you put it however you want. Okay. But just good as to what you put the weigh-ins. That should be a real hoot. 26 past noon. The mad dog at two, the hopper from the Bahamas from Wendemnassa, Crystal Palace at 4. Pants of people at 7. A path is hosted devils tonight at 7.30 at the Macarena. Any interest? No. Hey, spring of the savings right now and saved like never before on a new car. Truck from Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. They're on US-1, 20 minutes off of the 8.36. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead is worth the drive. No matter where you're hanging out because they're going to save you a crapload of money on great new Toyota's. Check out these great leases. An old-for-camera or full-runner for just 269 bucks a month or 48 months. How about an old-for-highlander for just 309 a month? Need a truck? How about an old-for Toyota toner the safest truck in America for just 179 bucks a month for 48 months? These are just some of the savings we went on right now at Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. And now with the tool increases on the turnpike on people using cash. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead will give you a free sun pass when you get your new car truck there. General Manager David Rich and his staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you into great new Toyota today. So, experience the Armstrong Toyota Homestead difference. Her local owned and operated committed to 100% customer satisfaction too. Their service department is even open late until eight week nights to make sure your service work is done and done right. Convenient to get there, the US-1 and 293rd Street in Homestead, just 20 easy minutes out of the old-a 36. So instead of wasting your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to over-promise and under-liver and get you to their dealership under a phony pretence and a phony deal. Do the smart thing. Get yourself a sun of savings by calling David Rich. Armstrong's Toyota Homestead GM 305242 3247 305242 3247. Travel little and save a lot on that new Toyota and Armstrong's Toyota of Homestead. 5th local V6 is 560. 3 years old yours. You ain't... You're just not to know that you're here. 2-1 is a happy set that you tell about. I don't know who my parents are. But don't worry about it. That you tell about it. I don't know about it. But don't worry about it. But don't worry about it. But don't worry about it. I don't know who my parents are. I don't know who my parents are. But don't worry about it. You can't understand. I think first I'm crazy. I think like it's your style. My name is Rene Wanko. Add 15 refinements. He takes a top back and wed you angry. And when he thinks he's so happy. Let's go!! He's the damn best! And why don't you get them down? And get your irresponsible for the time that our family keeps getting alive! Oh yes!!! But speed up! Thirdly Q and 560 Wqm. Here's the fact that it are fucking crazy. How about the funders? I said the fondas Peter Jane and Henry, right? Kind of find them. Somebody never put them on there. Whoa! It says, I got all the employees in my job to sign up on stop at CC.com. Keep up with the word word says, Sergio and Hailea. Don't say keep it up. Can't say that no more. Now let me take a peek at that thing. 99.06. It means we need just 94 more people with a Cohones design that petition between now and two o'clock to get to 10,000 for Florida. Like I said, it's just a nice even number. We've got a long way to go after that. And we're going to work on it to add any USA today. We're going to raise some money on that. Take out a quarter page added least. Publicized this website so people know about it. 76,000 and 21 signatures on there right now. Can you imagine if people really knew about it? And let me say it again, the chief channel people, the stations, the 1200 radio stations that they own. You think the people are no stores are going to be promoting this? No. No, under penalty of death. It's funny. Well, that's a sad part. It's one of the reasons it's hard for people to have it. And now the Olsen twins, it says the Olsen twins was Johnny Olsen more than. Yeah. Merlin Olsen was one of them. How can we forget to add the two, this is cute. The two stuages, colon and Michael Powell, that's true. Go put that on there by the way, Josh. I mean, it would seem pretty much common since he wouldn't put it on there. But would Josh never know. He's dangerous. The booth family. Yeah, they were very entertaining. Junius booth, Edwin booth in John Boats booth. They were painters. Yeah, they were great entertainers. Telly says to Jennifer and Meg, we want to put the silly, silly, silly, silly, silly sisters on the one side. The Copa La Famie also missed Bill. Well, I'd tell you one thing, the spelling in America is really bad. Really bad. The copa La Famie asked you when the Nicholas Cage Copa La asked you when the Francis Ford Copa La and asked you when everybody would have ignited Sofia Copa La's DJ Valentine. He spelled them all wrong. Whenever Leslie sees consistent. Oh, Sophie, what is schnaz man? Oh. Why did we ever have to see her again? What are those things? Hmm. What do you mean by that? I mean, tell you something, my crout, Nick, friend. The Quaid family, who the hell is the Quaid family? Am I supposed to know who they are? Randy and Dennis. Oh, that's right. But it's also spelled wrong. We're going to QAD. Isn't it QU-AID? That's what I thought. Yeah, the one. Everybody's spelling back because they don't want you to just to feel to back. Run the As is doing sports. Nine to 12 on clear channel. What? Run the As is doing sports? What is that all about on cheat channel, no less? But don't put almost anybody on here. That's pretty sad. It's a run, run, radio network. Olivia to have a little bit of a Joan Fontaine. Are they kissing cousins? What are they? I guess they were later. They're just a story. They married out of the Olivia to have a little bit of a Joan Fontaine. Oh, be how much Johnny Fontaine. The three stewardes who were brothers were mole, curly and shamp Howard. Real names, Moses, Jerome, and Samuel Horowitz. Absolutely. Very was no relation. Well, how do you like that? If sports castes have included this entertainment and good ones should be, then the Carrie family is pretty solid. Also, Ms. spelled, it's C-A-R-A-Y. How about Harry and Chip Kerry and skip Kerry? Harry, Harry, skip and skip. Whatever, Nimmit. Got it? Okay. Harry, Chip and skip. Terry, C-A-R-A-Y. When you mentioned the bear more as you admitted a Lionel who was the best, he made over 200 films starring in the very early silence in 1950s. His most famous roles were Mr. Potter and its a wonderful life and Lauren McCall's father and Key Largo. Well, how do you like that? Lionel bear more. PS, oh yeah, how can we forget the Gibbs, the brothers give? The brothers give us. I need to do this put that down or you could put the VG's? However you want, I'll leave it up to you. Be spoiler-right, G-I-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B- You don't? Rose, I remember Charlie Weaver's shirt. Who's on line 9? Q-A-M? Q-A-M? That's twice in a row, nobody on line 9. I thought it might be somebody important, like, uh, Leno. Rose-N, Patricia, David, our kid, Alexis, and Richmond, all actors' necktresses, the our kid family. That's one of the lots of, uh, kind of a realize that this is going to be so fantastic, you know what? Voduano. The all-man brothers, of course, of course, and Steve says, the Carpenter is Richard and Carpenter. What's not to like? In fact, let's play some Carpenter music. No, but he's come on. I got some here. And the fondest, which we left off, we apologize for that by the way, very profusely that we left off the fondest. Even though I said it a long time ago, Josh was busy. Water American entertainment family do think is the best of all time, 231 vote. Marks brother 73, the Sheen's 41. I mean, the three-stooge is 37, even though they might not have all been related to Jackson's 22. The bear more is 19. The sublims 17, Donald and Keeper. I don't like either one of them to be honest with you. They're Canadian though. Hey, Karen, put on at the water crisp. Osmons 5, Wayne Brothers 4. The Nelson's 3, the Douglas family, Kirk and Michael 3, the Douglas family. The British 2, Tyler's 1, fondest one, the Olson twins 1, but away he's doing this is just give me spilties. The Eglacius and Wilson's and Mandrel sisters and Copa-Las and Quades don't have any yet. I'm 231, but they will. It will, Billy, it will. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I got to get this very important thing. Don't let me forget in the next hour. Cutting calories extends life. Even older mice unrestricted diets fare better in research. This is shocking. So like I said, Karen put down the water crisp. Please sweetheart. If something tells me they make too much money, run and run, boy they blow, run and run. That's a boolean. All of the games like the Column, the Browse, Bash the Gays and the Ethics to. There were some sunny box or park, these shoes, lassets or mallow and even. Joey, two run and run, they just aren't that funny. And something tells me they make too much money, run and run, boy they suck, run and run. You know these two losers show is a real loser, but I must get credit where credit is to. After five minutes of that bad radio, makes me love that Chuck Myers morning show. Run and run, they just aren't that funny. There's something tells me they took lessons from sunny run and run, boy they blow, run and run. Just brutal, real test. Column 45, I mean they were fine for Tampa and maybe for Orlando that way they would have just stayed there. They might have been okay. Catch my drift. Yeah. Maybe. Anyway, here's a fact from Tom who says the Van Dyke family, Jerry and then he's got the blank. Or you can say Dick Van Dyke, Jerry and Dick Van Dyke, but just say real fast Tom. Yeah, let's put them on or even I can't stand either one of them. He's nested porters too. Oh, like I said, the Van Dyke family. Study, cutting calories extends like a study in my suggests that a low calorie die could help extend life even if the dietary change doesn't start until all day. The study appearing this week in the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences showed that mice that they relatively advanced age of 19 months that were placed in a restricted calorie die live 42% longer than littermates who continue to be the standard die at littermates. Other studies have shown that young mice put on low calorie die live much longer than mice fed the standard fair, but the new research suggests it's never too late to enjoy a life extension benefit by reducing calories. Cut the fat. Stephen R. Spindler, the University of California Riverside leader of a team conducting the research said, there's little evidence yet that dietary restrictions will extend human life but in mice at least, sensible eating even at older ages, purely has longevity benefit. He said in 19-month-old mouse's age equivalent of 60 to 65 years in old in humans. So, in other words, don't feed your mouse too much. Spindler said old mice placed on a restricted calorie die responded quickly with better health med eventually the animals lived up to six months longer than littermates fed the standard die. If such findings translate to humans he said, this could mean a lot more years and a lot of good years than mice on caloric restriction live longer and they were healthier. Oh, right, I like that. So cut the fat. When it's out, cut it out. How are we doing on stop at CCL.com? Let me look, let me refresh. Let me take a look at that. Stop the miserable obnoxious disgusting as I'm seeing. We got one? 1993. 1993 is here. It's means we need 67 more in an hour or 13 minutes. You better get with it. Okay, if you haven't signed up, petition yet. Stop at CC.com. Stop what you doing right now and get on it. Hop on it. Because if we don't get to 10,000 by 2 o'clock, George is going to be up for the next six months in a row every day and even on a weekend. Not just on this show either on all the shows. 24, 7. What's that total look like? 76,271. And look at that 90 100. There's something going on. Thanks to Ron did Miami by the way. She's on the last five people to sign in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Texas. I'm going to see you more and more. There must be some people on the ear promoting this or doing something. Something something. You know it? Because the word is starting to really get around. And wouldn't surprise me by the time we set our asses down here tomorrow. There's like over 80,000 on there. We're getting there. We're making progress. 32. Hello. Yes. For Margie. Can I come to Margie? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's how I got two good ones for you. Okay. The caradines. The caradines. Oh, the caradines. Somebody said that. But I did we put it on there. We made it. I've left it off. We left it off. The caradette. A whole thing about the caradines. And it's Josh. Shmuck is not. Come on, Josh. You're not doing it. Caradines man. He must be maybe the good ship and find the guy over to QAM. And I got another one for you too. Yes. Yes. Okay. The Houston. The Houston. We're a John Houston. Will Houston. Tell my Houston. Yeah. I'm glad. Excellent. Thanks, Palli. Have a great day. This HUST. Oh, and it's okay. Don't put a U in there all the way. Do like Houston's restaurant a lot. I don't know what it is. I always talk about how much I like that place. But I never go there. I haven't been there in years. Why is that? I don't know. Maybe that's why you like him so much. I know. If you're reading in Houston, sure. Great. Excellent. Very good. I love their soups. And it's just a great place. I wish they had more than one. Because if I'm going to go that far over and for a lot of day, I'm going to go over there. I'll go to with Chris. You know what I mean? I'm going to drive that far out for me. Actually, not only in Winona Judd. There you go. The Judds. Got it? We got the Judds. All right. Here come the Judds. 567. 560. 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. I have a very good Jimmy present in combat. It's too serious and more, but I don't want to read it. It's on a website. A call for civilization amid darkness of war by Jimmy Burzon. Well, he's really written some fabulous. I mean, he's always written good stuff. But in the last year or two, just unbelievable good stuff. Mark's brothers 81. The three stuages are making their move now. That's some, that's, that's, that's a loole. Mo is, uh, given a, he put the pedal to the metal. 55 for the stuages. The Sheans 45, the Jackson's 23 and the bear more is 21. Everybody else under 20. Okay. Okay. Can I do that anymore? Today. Better not do that more than twice. We'll get some more of those phony letters. I mean, stop. Stop to think about the effort. I know who did it too. Believe it. Yeah. Okay. Here's the fact, well, you don't. I got a thought. Yeah. Here's, uh, fact, this is, here are my two picks. Oh, yeah. Lucy and Dizzy. See. Well, now see, if we call her Lucille Ball, are we doing Mary? We can't say the ball. That's the question. No, no, no, we can't. No, we cannot say the ball. He aren't as is. Burns and Allen. And, uh, how do we say that? George and Gracie, uh, Burns and Allen is good. Okay. Burns and Allen. Nobody's going to vote for them. Anywhere. Except those old timers. And how do we say, Lucy and Dizzy? The, our, yes, we just say Lucy and Dizzy. The, our, and then of course, what about, what about the other aren't as is is. Oh, say it. Oh, the, the, the non-related aren't as is. There's the junior. Who couldn't act as right of a paper sack. But he really had great blue eyes, man. He was anyway. And then what was the daughter's name? Lucy. I don't know. I think that was her name, too. You see, oh, yeah. The seal ball. She was, no, but she was so dumb. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. She, you remember her? Yeah. Why was she dumb? And it look all like what either. So it's a bad combination. Anyway, what about the, what about the, The aren't as is with a Z. Not James aren't as. So, pay the aren't as is. Oh, you, ve. Let's see. Let's see. Olivia to have a little and jump on tame were sisters, but we're not putting that on there because they won't get any votes anyway. Uh, Douglas. Oh, yeah. The fairbanks is senior and junior. The fairbanks. Yeah. I love the great scene when they were both in the same movie. And he said, I have my junior, honey. It says if you do the booths, then Eugene O'Neill would count and James the, the count of my Chris, oh, God. Not now. It's given the point I can't handle it no more. I'm so sorry to this. The Wilson's question mark it says, and then see of heart. Oh, different. Wilson. Different Wilson's. So what, what, what, what, what are we saying? We said singers. So we got to change it. Uh, yeah, change that Wilson's. You got on there and put in there like Brian Brian and the daughters. Brian, etc. Okay. Don't know if it's Brian Wilson on O'Neill. And then heart. Then another one Wilson and an ancy of heart. Or just an ancy. Got it? Got the heart. I'm getting ancy just with this. I didn't realize it. I was hoping to have such a pan to his box. Can I still say? Oh, sorry. Sorry. I said that. I taken back. I apologize. Name of a porno. What's that? Don't say it. You did. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. So many relatives in so little time. You know what? WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I bought a license of a million or crackhead mom. All right. Good choice. Thanks. Uh, 2D girl and lies in Manelli. How do we say that? 2D girl and lies in Manelli, I guess. Why don't like making these too long? And of course, Josh is making them like the Tyler's. You know what I mean? And then include like Jonathan John Tyler. All of them. The whole Tyler clan. John Tyler was our tenth president because when he He rehearsed, he didn't know how to come in out of the cold. It's who they want it to be. I see. Uh, the copal. Now, we ever put the keratin's on there. He's just not going to put that on. He's got a spell it. He doesn't have to. See a R R A D I N E S the keratin C A R R A D I N E S even I know that. They're not because the Houston. So you got the Houston's on there. H U S T O N S. We're getting to it. There's a little bit of a problem. There's like a delay. What's that? Why? What's the problem? Just still checking. I don't know. Listen, just listen to me. I'll give you the, uh, correct. Correct. How are our arguments? You just put on the, then I'll take the blame. W Q M. Hello. Is this 5.6 Q M? 5.6. W Q A M. Yeser. Yeah. Could I speak to Neil? Speaking. Me up up the house. The what? On your pole today, the osmons. The osmons is in the osmons brothers and, uh, uh, uh, Marie. Yeah. They're not doing to the, they're on. They're on. They got a couple of votes. Thanks. I mean, the obvious ones, the osmons were one of them. And they're not. They only got, uh, five votes. Why is that? I guess people just don't like them. No, no. Maybe they didn't like him in the first place. No. Maybe they just don't like Mormons. You think that might have something to do with it? There. Come on. Here's one. It says I heard Rondy as his wife on a year and Tampa, Talk Show. What is that? He's got a new wife. She's given Rondy for his money. Some lady petition sign of from day one. Thank you. I'm not really sure. I know what that fact means, but his wife, his new wife, was on a talk show in Tampa. Well, everybody in Tampa has got a show. Don't they? Uh, sure. He has a wife, you know. Yeah. Yeah. I was really sick. He's making jokes about his wife dying from AIDS. And then the guy they brought in a replacement Myem is making jokes about his, uh, retarded kid or a handicapped kid. Whatever. I mean, a whole concept of that show was strictly hildfully heaven man. They should have just done a show from LUTES. 1256 at 560 QAMs. I'm a little bit slow. This is sports when you go by 60 QAMs. Not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. I focused in a smeller here and I've standing here with President George W. Bush. The man I'm endorsing for reelection. Hey everybody. Well George, cheers to you. The great job. I mean, you know, when it comes to get done, he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain. Isn't that right, sir? Oh, yeah. Yeah, he's not. He's my favorite basketball player. Right. President Bush really stands up to the terrace. Take better than the Democrats. Let me come on. This guy's out of the backbone of a number so that muscle relaxes. Okay. Yeah. I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat these. And speaking of licking, George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than who's getting Turner. Well, I know what who cheers, but who's Turner. George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around, faster than little Reagan's cranium in the exercise. I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie. I mean, come on. I don't mean to go off at a red here. But George W is to pro-active for policy. What he's a bird was to quantum physics. Okay. I was always good at physics. It's no place for scum November 2004. But for George W Bush, trust me on this. When you'll be happier, the roof is started with a fistful of ponderosa copposs. I think I get that one. Oh, God. Okay, four by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush. 105560 WQMA, dog coming up at 2 o'clock. We got 99 and what? 67. We need 33 more than piece of cake. Right? Easy. We can do it. 967 signatures on a petition stop at CC.com. 10,000 by 2 o'clock. That's our goal today. Don't forget we got one more hour over there with the wild Scott. Different Scott from the petition. Thank goodness. Look for the QM fan known to tune out of to its senior hysteria. 9019 West Pines Boulevard. 9019 West Pines in Pembroke Pines. Stop by in spin the zeal and maybe when tickets for a nice panther devil game at the yetto center. Now till 2 at senior hysteria on Pembroke Pines, when you run into Scott you'll be in for real experience. Trust me when I tell you. WQM, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir? Okay, have a couple of additions for your list. Go right ahead. You've got a long shanie, junior and senior. Right. Long shanie, junior and senior. Get the honey, junior. There's one for a CHEN. EY by the way. CHEN EY. Not to be confused with vice president Dick Cheney. You've got a weak call with boys. Yeah, Douglas Fairbanks, junior and senior. Yeah. And then we get that on there. I mentioned that. We got it. Another deal with that. We're very good with Alan Half's senior. And if something was okay, you also. Nathan Half. Not Alan Half. But you know, if interesting we're talking about, you know, move on dot org and the petition. And I sent that email to just fill out everybody I know in. Right. I couldn't believe some of the responses I got for some people who were like going well, like some of them were like a freight sign of petition. But what's in the sense that this is all about. Like I said yesterday, if you're that fearful of putting your name out of petition, then you ought to like hop on a banana boat and get out of the country. I mean, I, you know, I have to tell you the truth. I mean, I've already resigned myself to this fact that if it's somehow bushed is reelected, I'm already moving to Vancouver. Oh, I'm already mad at my mind. I'm still in Portland, Oregon and it's, right? Beautiful part of the world and Vancouver is only maybe 280 miles up in a safe five. Sure. I'll be there in no time. Good choice. All right. Me, I have a great day. I'll see you there. Thanks. Here we're all moving to Canada today. That's the way it is if Bush gets in again. We're all moving to Canada. Lots of wide open spaces. Man, we'll see you in medicine hat. Moose see at the paw. Radiant. Radiant. Where is it? Radiant hot spring man. Cat, cap is casing. Yeah, that's the places I went. I see. Same Katherine. Hamilton. London, London, Ontario. Windsor. Better get with it. Well, we got some great Canadian names. In fact, maybe I'll get the map out. Who know, Mapa and come up with some really fabulous names for it. Chacutammy. That's what I'm actually. Oh, yes, Chacutammy. Not me. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. We're ready off. I'm in the car all day. So I don't know if you have these two, but how about the Douglasers? Got them. And the ponders? Fonders, we got it. I'm probably passionate. I'm probably passionate. I voted on the stop at CC.com. Good job. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye. You too. Stop at CC.com 97 and 97 74 26 Mo. 26 Mo. More for 10,000. When we first discovered this, when we got that call to turn us out of this website last two the week ago today, Florida had, I think, like, 1700 and so on. Pretty, uh, and various things total, although. And of course, you wonder where those original ones that came on or where do they get from? Was it from the certain website to think? I don't know where they got it. I don't know. In fact, I'm looking one from what they was this. I don't know what they this was. Back when there were 68,000 Florida had the 88, 46. I'm making progress, although it's not as a moment this is I thought it was. It's pretty good. It's fair. It's to be honest with you. A little on a week side. But that guy's right. There are a lot of people scared to death. Oh, I don't want to give my name. I don't want the government get my name. I'll guess what. The government's already got your name. Okay. The government's got your name. You're a dress your phone number. You're shoe size. Your, uh, size. They got it all. They even know what kind of a toothbrush you're a brushing your teeth with. How often? How many times a year, brushing it? Right hand or left hand. That's something like my radius toothbrush by the way. We shouldn't get some more of those. The hanging ways, Muriel, Margo and the old man Ernest Hemingway. You got that? The Hemingways? We got it from Jerry and Ruth Carolina. Thanks, Jerry. The Hemingways. Speaking of Hemingways, whatever happened to that restaurant long gone. Remember, hangways? It's, uh, it keeps changing the names. Yeah. The building's still there. And I think they're still doing some business in there. And then we had this as a sponsor for a very brief while, some kind of a, uh, pulled the wool over my eyes. And that was like a gate club or something like that. An anti-nice restaurant. Is that what it was called? That's what it was called. The mankind. That's a gate club. You moron. I'm sorry. 560, 705, 60. Pound 560. That's our a stout sales of her own man. They are just a best. 99, 74. I'm known as shut that thing off of there. And the next time I look at it, we ought to be over the 10,000 per floor to mark. What entered American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time? Where did I come up with this? Oh, that's because I was watching biography last night and watching about Charlie Sheen. Which I never, I don't know. I just never thought about him that much beside the fact the Robert Downey Juniors types and a Charlie Sheen. These guys are all, I just, I don't have a lot of sympathy for that. Don't lump them in together. I'm sorry. Robert Downey Juniors are real scumbag. Yeah, Charlie Sheen just had. He had a few problems. Like you said, Daddy was Martin Sheen. The hook is, yeah. The Carl off family, Boris and Natasha. Oh, come on. Natasha Carl off. What? Philadelphia. She knew a lot. Come on. What was her claim to fame? I don't know where to go. No, I don't put that on there. Come on. Where the best entertainment family, meaning all of the people were like stars. Celebrities did something. Marks brothers 89 and the three students said he won the Sheen's 50 from the Sheen The Jackson's 26. Sutherland's Donald of Keeper 23, Baramor's 22, the weigh-ins brothers 12. The fund is nine. I wouldn't know which weigh-ins is that in Requiem. David. David weigh-ins. Damn good. That's great. This is. The fund is nine. He pretty good, Jim. The give. The brothers give nine. The Olson twins. Johnny and whatever our name was. The Olson twins eight. Bridges eight. That's Lloyd Bridges. Bridges boats in the trains. The Baldwin six, the Osmons five. There are Osmons of its stuck on a five for a long time. Come on. Give a little or something. Give it up for the Osmons. If there's anything I despise. That was our senior Hall started that crappy. He was the one I made that like big. Give it up. Give it up for this one. Give it up for that one. Yeah, right. Oh man, that show is just. Maybe one of the people. Bad. Really awful awful awful awful awful awful awful awful. And he was always sitting on the edge of the couch like he was going to like a slip off on a floor. The Nelson's five, the Coppinter's four, which you didn't care in. Coppinter's four, the Douglas family four. Now, what the, what the, what the, what the, what does that? Kirk and I see that you can't do that. You want to know why you can't do that? Why can't you do that? You've got to say in parentheses, Kirk and Michael Douglas. See. All right, because there was like Melvin Douglas and it was like, Douglas MacArthur and I don't know how much it does. The caradines, I spotted four and you still didn't even come close to CARR AD. I and E S. He's got caradines, the E A and S. Like Jimmy Dean. That close to that. No, it's not close enough. It's embarrassing, man. It's, oh, did you hear what I said? CARR AD, I and E S. Yeah. Thank you. What? Fan dikes one. The tires one, Steven live. The Wilson's in an anti one. The Wilson's Brian and the, the Guns of Rich Bucca one. The Carrie family one. That's Harry and Skip and Chip, but the arcets one and no votes yet for the man. Real sisters are people don't like that company music. And I'm pleased to see that. The quades one, the judge won at none. None, none for a whole bunch of these fair banks, and they're all the way to the way to the, the places you say. The, uh, our nezes, the Cheneys and him. Who is he? It's got Lucy and Desirnaz, but there's like, that's right. The, the parents were Lucy and Desirna. Kids were Lucy and Desirna. I guess they just didn't have a real good imagine. We're probably right. Well, what is that all about? I don't know. Lucy earned his junior forever. Oh, well, whatever, the, the, the was she was so stupid. She was on one of clay shows because he couldn't act away out of a paper sink. of a paper sack whatever happened a little loose yarn is huh don't know probably working on that assembly line in chocolate plant with the what's your name who played uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... lucy's friend the invents the invans very good the invents in your pants and the wind probably see wind your probably who was also on my three sons and then he croaked in and who also came and played grandpa tower david how oh my god more how we david on my three sons what are what was sickening thought he was uncle keke i'll tell you better thought was the fact that the rob on my three sons what was his name again he was a doing uh... for a five oh was he no you mentioned that the uh... great wow in fact i was hoping that have a sequel to other show called the uh... great bunch i have a line for that but of course under the press other the president uh... can't say it again other than phony faxist tomorrow problem it's after one at five sixty wqm if you're really starving but you don't want to spend a lot of time in the kitchen cooking and working like crazy amul cost wants to do with the cooking for you today and cook up a real feast you can start your mother watering eating experience with six different soups and sampled dozens of succulent on phrase like neer strip made order there's sizzling Asian grill the brand new seafood say jock oysters on a half shell asking stone crab middle like clams jumbo sim scampy every night if you still have room shoveling little handcar primary but they're new type special these two no msd headaches at the amul cost because guess what they don't use in the msd they don't use any cornstarch they don't use any craft they cook only and cholesterol free or else to the pho features a full solid bar new sushi bar and fresh sim cocktail and if you have any room left after all of that after all of these then shoveling little dessert too because the dessert stations got Belgian waffles weighton on you pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite top is even fresh fruit at the ass end amul cost relocations for you in sunrise pan hour and forty four street they're on colons ever to just know the one sixty three north mimey beach and also the intersection of the mingo and pember crods in pember pines take the whole family of bookiness business lunch in rat now and let our friends at the amul cost cook up a storm for you take out and deliver available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty twenty two for the unbeatable amul cost chinese buffet five and local your sports radio five sixty two and two a m guess what happened what happened ten thousand and four we did it we did it we did it we did it when you're been a lesson all about ten minutes from my amage or i'll just take the bullet train now you can travel from key west to jackson bill in less than fifteen minutes on the florida bullet train thanks to her well-reserved landslide boat now put in the bullet train oh yeah hold your chest up up up and up the mud I just take the moderate up was a barbecue when the bullet train can take you all the way from Tampa right in the sky where you can explore the tropical barrier leaves made entirely of kyo bung by who hold a confidence and the credibility of elected officials has finally paid off take the florida bullet train we're traveling for the nation of the florida bullet train call wait a minute oh here's the number one seventeen at five sixty wqm what about the van haeland brothers the van haeland you got it got it somebody says the zappers damn it even better than the osmons the osborens of course what's not to like the zappers the osborens the uh van haeland and the synopres somebody said no you see i have a problem with this okay see what american entertainment family do you think is the best of all time oh that's the question for one of asking how many different people in the family could sing or pretend to sing now if you're gonna tell me frank synopres junior or even nancy synatra if they were singers we could debate old blue eyes all day long now for the sake of argument he was great okay whatever you say so the lot of records but i mean if you're gonna tell me that nancy synatra and frank synatra junior i mean the most famous thing here we did was get kidnapped and look around like an answer your question well and then we're not gonna put their suggestion on the pool how do you like that huh yeah we're not gonna put it on there because the synopres uh bloate what they here is which entertainer do you know has some kin yeah how many different families can you name that we're in show business five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and horizon wireless line ten thousand four and looking for more on stop FCC dot com so you didn't think we might need in today of course i did because today we needed what what we needed in the beginning i wrote it down to two uh seventy two and we got two seventy six plus uh we're doing okay and the total is zooming up there i like that that's a good oldman the total is zooming up it's like seventy uh six thousand it's gonna be seventy seven thousand by the time we get out of here total and ninety three hundred ninety five new ones in last twenty four hours that's a big good job look at that catarine and Miami thanks catarine California Ohio Texas Pennsylvania they're all over the place so somebody somewhere is they're getting a word out you know and whoever it is i don't really care whether it's russia or how or do or uh run and run or uh whoever i don't care when in doubt get the word out that's all accounts or we can still say hello and goodbye WQM hello hey how about um could have been a meal i'm sorry anybody mentioned uh Julia Roberts and her to talent brother uh Eric yeah but there are people actually who like Eric Roberts so i think they should be on there even though i can't stand them okay and how about uh John Boydness daughter Angelina I don't know Angelina is Julia's young boy's daughter right there forgotten that that's true yes that's true and she did uh what she married to the uh to the uh some quality guy your blade I call it a swing blade hmm okay thanks back but i'm here and back to uh let's see how do we say that the uh void Julia void slash Julia okay and what was the first one which uh my mind is going real bad oh uh uh Julia Roberts and Julia and Eric Roberts he just gives me the willys you know something bad about him yeah he's acting he's a bad actor in more ways than one but nevertheless like i said some people like him so we'll put it on hope Eric Roberts right do you know anyone who likes him uh i think even Julia into crazy bottom 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQM hello okay sir what's the lot of the kid uh the smudders brothers that smudders brothers were sensational that's gonna recall watching some kind of a talk show once where one of them has a son at the port of their son that that's correct i saw that they've got it all covered thanks pali thank you see yeah the smudders brothers time and thick 567 0560 pound i mean i don't even want to go into it this list that we got is just so silly and so I'm bursting in humorly fart noises oh my god is all i can say to that oh my god wow grow up on america fart sounds the same ones you hear in like little kids cartoons oh we don't want to have those on a radio those that's extra to our activity yeah discrete this WQM hello yes sir yeah the longtime listener of second time call it all right i got a situation here at work uh i'm green guy american i got two cool onos i got a work with 14 years of don't like you yeah and i like to listen to you what am i gonna do i'll find a new job probably sounds like good i do to me 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line find a new job and also i have no life get a life WQM hello hello yes sir yeah i got a couple for the go ahead um you can do i don't even have to leave me on one rubber snap you great yeah and um okay here's what i heard you can do with the scissors and camera right now is that del camera and uh maybe this is a harness racing guide it might be del camera and i'm trying to think what the other our cameras name one uh well what do you mean you don't know how would you how would you possibly know i mean you know all the cameras i might know you know uh Francis O'Hair but that's about the extent of your harness racing knowledge oh well you mean maybe you boy he's the other you know Donald brainer sure how about Donald Michelle brainer oh that's right entertainment family we said i'm sorry although they do put on quite a show it has little to do with racing but they put on a hell of a show out there in the middle of the track with a search part of your compass or he was where's that finish line 5 6 7 5 6 the pond 5 6 the on a AT&T that's a great pull what's your favorite harness racing family how about the a Gilmore is in Levi and Elden Harner there is good what I know when you're gonna do that about how us in Billy Reager alright did tell me that the day before yeah this is fantastic how about the ill-fated uh oh i can even think of what his name was he was on my show one time diet and a car how about the houtens and the dances WQM hello yeah i want to talk to you and the rankings yes sir go ahead speak to me i think Robin Ron are cool yeah you suck okay thanks 5 6 7 8 he sounded just exactly like one of their people man you are perfect for Ron and Ron you're right up there Ali Sally they blow that's why they're like you know scratching and hopping the houter and trying to get a gig here and there whatever they do although i think uh uh Benington and Fez were in New York weren't they i don't know i really don't know Benington and Fez Wattley what i think so i wasn't following their careers closely that probably should have you oh well talk call tiny creamer okay as long as he needs to need drugs no more WQM hello yeah i got an entertainment family yes sir go ahead you speak to the Nelson's but Nelson's i think we got a monor i had an europe uh well that's probably because the goofball or uh missed it up okay thanks back all right thanks oh i got it i didn't mean you i meant the uh Josh well some goofball i've been Nelson's a runner i'm sure they have any votes uh i'm not so sure they're on here let's see yeah they got some votes they're doing okay Aussie and Harriet and Rick and David and then the kids with a long hair i don't remember what their names were do you gunter and uh oh very good uh and freak boy i don't know gunter and uh under what's the over and gunter gunter and over let's take a look at what we got so far this i i i don't know what it is but when i started this thing and i'm glad that i did because we never did this before and it's kind of fun i never realized there were so many what american entertainment family you think is the best of all time the marks brothers 103 groucho tarpo chico and gumo get the set up which i always call chico chico what don't forget zepo and zepo was need in lead zepo he started it three stages eighty two the sheans martin charlie and amelio estravez eighty one now sixty one how come amelio estravez is uh media west of us is he by different uh mother or the answer that before long time ago years if you remember uh yeah martin sheen uh his real name was estepo's martin sheen is his show biz name and so his children one took his show biz name and one did not well i'll be dang who said this was not really educational sure uh the jackson's thirty how many of the jackson's got thirty man several in twenty four the bear more twenty three the way in nineteen fund is twelve the gives eleven of others give bridges ten oelson twins nine kirk and michael lug was eight the arnezzes have got seven the Nelson seven the ball one seven the carpenter's five the osman stuck at five four adani and marie man and alan and whatever the name is the couple is five the caridines four and an nancy Wilson three the ablacies two timers two heading ways two the arcets have got a pair and it will hold a bunch of them uh Brian Wilson and a beach boy family two carney et cetera and Dennis and Carl almond brothers two van dikes a one man rose and uh not much after that so far long way to go one twenty seven at five sixty w qa it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group the benefits are in credible oh my god you pay zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit bureau fee and even zero discounted points get the new low interest rate at just one point twenty five percent if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are just three hundred thirty four month if you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only sixty eight a month and don't forget once you be fine it's a good new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay those closing costs again if you like to get all the info there is positively no obligation just call their toll free number one eight six six three nine five land get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to the next property with no further cost expense you pay zero underwriting fees zero dot fees zero closing cost even when you make that move to another property so get yourself that unbeatable financing rates is one point twenty five percent would be great only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay closing cost again for details here's that number again one eight six six three nine five land that's one eight six three nine five L a n d the renequal housing lender restrictions apply rates have to change monthly four points two on a bel my blow .this is four-al pie pinky He was sick of Bonnie, baby, and he wished he was gone. And though she'd had his baby, their whole marriage was wrong. So we took her to a restaurant, and when dinner was done, when she got back into his car, then he pulled out of the gun. He didn't like his doll as mama thought she'd blew him in his life. So we as the couple stunned men, if they would fall in the bomb his wife, he'd thought he could only murder her. If we fix his mistake, he shot his wife's murder, we vowed. And his name's Robert Clay. He killed a bunch of folks in cold blood, and a big movie scene. And he wasn't so successful. He played a comedy. Now he's just another jail bird. He could kiss a cock at two. Like he used to want to rat up. That's the name of that two. He did like his doll as mama thought she'd blew him in his life. So we as the couple stunned men, if they would fall in the bomb his wife, he'd got arrested with his bodyguard. He would never escape. Now he's gonna go to prison. And his name's Robert Clay. All right. 134 or 26 till 2, it's right that the legal system is reduced now to setting people faxes saves a lot of postage and a lot of agree. Yeah. Here's another cue one from the same or clown. It was a plane with the FCC noticed before that phone. It was very shabby and a sloppy done by the way. Pretty weak. This one. I got a perfect skull in now. From the Howard Stern Show to WQM56A and the O'Range Show, Seas and the SIST notice immediately compliance required. You, your program, your station and your website are prohibited from referencing, sourcing, mentioning, promoting, debating or displaying any and all personal, competitive or comparative information research, images, quotes or any material in any way credited to Howard Stern, the Howard Stern Show, or www.Houritsturn.com. Hey, that's Howard. How it's famed? How do you like that? What's Howard been on the shape that we got all the signatures? Well, yeah, a whole thing. So we're getting it. Let's see. Here's one that says, are you forbidden to use the rectum drop? Back home. I think that is your funniest drop of all. Isn't that a medical term also? If the person who says a bad word gets fired, then play, what does it play most? I know. I understand. How about you work through that the other day? It's not us that we're getting big, big trouble if this got on the ear. It's the person who is saying it. I think it's a very recognizable voice. You know what I'm saying? You. Uh. Careful. Don't do it. You. Uh. Watch yourself now. One more time. You. Uh. Anyway. Here's another one. Well, they're just full of it today. Man, they're having a great time. Robin and Chet and Nugas is my best friend who lives in Pembroke. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. Did you hear of me? I've heard of you. I've heard of this. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. I've heard of you. While I saw you. I've heard of you. Right. Right. Right. Why don't you answer that? Why don't you ask others. Why don't you answer that? Why haven't you answer that? Why don't you answer that? Asley and Plantations says thanks for all the political insight I love hearing your take. I'm so pissed off of all the FCC's doing. I signed the online petition at cc.com, sent it to everyone. I know let me ask you, why can I listen to you on that? Not Stern anyway, don't go anywhere. I'm not going to where Ashley Thombody. And I, for a while. Well, Stern, they just don't scream the show. I don't know why. Well, what's the reason for that? You think? I don't know. I mean, there are vase. We have vase where people have found to be able to listen to it. But you have to go through this big, arduous long song to dance. And they just aren't that many people are doing it. I don't know why they just don't scream it. I'm talking about for free like we do. Unlike some people with big egos, we don't, Are you sure you know charred 695 a month for neo-roggies.com or listen to the show? To me, that is so, oh, so cheap. Not necessarily that's so cheesy. It's so cheesy. Talk about a gigantic ego. Patty. Wow. Here Neil, how about Kate Hudson and Goldie Han? There's sisters? Mother and daughter. Oh, I didn't know that. Didn't you? Yeah, I guess I did. Kate Hudson and Goldie Han, and she's still married to Khar Russell. Right? Right? I don't like him. Or Melissa and Joan Rivers says Mike, and Melissa and Joan Rivers. But what's Melissa Rivers talent? What was she do? She's her mother's daughter. Oh, I see. My mother's daughter? What is that proof? So is Dr. Laura? She's a fetchie. Oh, fetchie. I don't want to hear it. Well, that's all leave it up to you. If you want to put it on there. Find Warren Bayley and Shirley McLean, brother and sister. Not to mention Warren's wife and at that betting. Warren Bayley, slash Shirley McLean. You got that? That would kind of great movies between him. Ronan, will you listen to me? No. Ronan said, is he interrupting him? He's one of the dictation for done. Warren Bayley, B.E. Well, you got the facts right there for Kran. I love why do I have to give us a spell on before. These people got those spelling, right? Warren's B.E.s and Shirley's McLean's and Denny McLean. Ronan Fez, her WDJFK in Washington DC, doing 7 to 11 p.m. Well, good luck to him, okay? I wish anybody to visit this any bad luck. I'm trying to think of anybody even more. Absolutely not always bad luck. I just wish he'd go away, but I wish you many bad luck. Because this business man is bad as it used to be. As much of a piece of turn as it used to be. We still can say, sir. You turn. I'm sure of today. Now for the guy that wanted no for you can say. Yes, today, market done in your calendar on Tuesday, March 23, 2004. We can still say, you turn and, Bretchen, but that's as far as we can go with that. Tomorrow could be a whole different. Might have a whole new list tomorrow. In fact, every single day now, when the show starts, I have to have a conversation before the show with our middle level management people. Clarence and Duff, and I have to ask the same question every day. My life and love, this is for 23.05. You're the only way to weigh them. It is three. We finally put it into this mystery. What if the nice fifth day for Shandra? It will have a hard one, Scotchee. But if the one if the nice fifth day for Shandra, I'll read a hitman in the leaves. She could tell us about Gary's winky. And she loves it, help her, her pinkie. Oh, and this be nice. I'm not too sure about that winky thing. You know, I remember the Jack Berry Show for kids many years ago, when I was a little kid growing up, I was called winky, think, can you? Careful. Okay. But that was 100 years ago. I'm sorry. Well, I might have been okay. And you'll say, like, a little plastic thing they sent you to mail when you mail in your dime or whatever for this, you're a plastic screen, you put over your TV screen, and you had like crayons that you'd, I've whatever. Yeah. Good Schmer omit. Ranking coal and Natalie coal. Now there's two talents. Okay. The coal. The COL. Yes. Got it. We got it. The coal. Old King coal was a mario old soul. So I guess I can shmit can this thing here too. So I'm not really sure about about Schmidt. Yeah. What about it? What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time? We got a great question on our poll today if you ask me, because I came up with it 522. So thanks to the bi, I love the biography channel. Don't you? Yes. Do you have the biography channel? Yes. Oh, good. Well, that's something. Something that I don't scream channel or drive in classics like I'd like to have. Oh, let me see what's on those channels right now. Sure, go ahead. I don't want to get on playboy channel. We will not be doing that experiment no more. The gate to return to the nightmare. We turn to the nightmares on a drive in channel right now. Millennium is on scream. We should get out of it. We put you stop for some? I bring you a pardon? No, I bring you a series. I'll, with the Lance Henderson and Megan Gallagher. Okay. I have seen the independent film channels got whatever. I bigger part of it. Oh, nice. Oh, that. That. That. Well, it's your fault. You don't want to be a pretty channels out here, David. Oh, my god. I just went by the eye of say he says, yeah. Don't toss a lot. Yeah. Wow. What do you know me? I have that magic touch sometimes it works to reverse. Oh, at least it didn't say. And track, right? That. That was spectacular. Make no mistake of booted. Oh, God. I'm extra 15 different people that they all button that time. I'm, you know. Don't you Q a m hello? I think I want to put a fall. Okay. I think I was pretty close. Oh, you're. Brankton. Companements and it's just a. And it's. We're very. You're. I'm. Right. And all. That is very incolonial. Brian. There. Are they really? For. Okay. Thanks. That's Larry and Conan. Oh, Brian. Yeah. And then a Kirk Cameron and what's his sister's name? This is from. The Cameron's. The Cameron's will be good. See that covers all the bases. The Cameron's. And then we got Del Cameron and Warren Cameron for the great harness racing family. Which I'm sure George is very familiar with them. Who? Who? Who? Hello. Yeah. Hi. I'd like to put someone on your pole. Go ahead. Okay. Although they're not both in entertainment. They're both entertaining. Okay. What? Woody and Sunni. They're family. Hmm. Hmm. Right. That was about as cute as a frog's. Gas. What was I just going to say that was very, very important before he assigned to me with I craft. That's just true me. To me for a loop. Oh, yeah. Freedom fella. I bigger part. Jordan by Warren Cameron. Well, I'm starting to think of these names again from those harness racing tapes that somebody gave me as some guy that lived in North Miami when I worked a K.T. years ago. He gave me a whole bunch of tapes from my yonkers and Roosevelt raceway. And so I had all those calls in there. You know, oh, I can add this another brainstorm. Guess what? What? I have a question for you. Okay. Have you ever seen these two people together? Mohoury David and Jackie Lee. You know what? That's a good point. Same person. Same person. You know, until this day, I know. I realized it. It's the same person. Wow. 11 before 2 at 5. 60 W.C. The Mad Doggy coming along at 2 the Humper from the Bahamas at the Windemnassau Crystal Palace at 4 this afternoon. Panther preview at 7 a panthers hosting New Jersey Devils at the Ongshis McAureena 730. Keep that noise level down a little bit. Would you please? Eddie K follows the hockey game and sporting news radio. We say with a long push to the 5 an a.m. I've been telling you for years why you ought to do the smart thing like I've been doing called Dalamactors next time your mattress wears out at 1 800 mattress. Dalamactors backs up everything they see in their advertising 100%. But their competitors still use lots and lots of false and deceptive claims. When you see a mattress at making outrageous claims read the fine print. There lots of lies out there. Here's an example. The ads scream with big headlines. Half off. But the only applies to a limited selection of items that you never pick out in the first place. You don't want them and everything else is still full price. And they probably doubled the regular price first anyway. You'll probably never be able to make a fair exchange if you don't like it either. At Dalamactors their ads have no tiny print, no disflamers, no BS when you call 1 800 mattress. You'll see that their prices are so low that other stores have to offer half price sales just to compete. Dalamactors also gives you a Norris 3D day coverage change policy. How many days? About 30 minutes. On all beds including yours. And don't forget when you call Dalamactors toll free at 1 800 mattress. You're getting company ranked number one, Noomoro Uno and overall customer satisfaction. From Candle to Stewart, Palm Beach to Fort Myers, Dalamactors reminds you to read the fine print because they want you know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them. So what you'd be waiting for man, Do what I always do pick up that phone and call 1 800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com. Dalamactors had 1 800 MATTTR ESD honest way to get you a bed and a great night's sleep for years to come. I'm on a full investigation with the children for the husband children to ensure they can feel the children. On a full investigation with children to ensure they can feel the children for the husband children. For the husband children, For the husband children, I can tell one and only the food that's about a gallon of beef and a lot to the table. You can get a little sweetnight or the do or the thing called a safe breath. And I'm qualified as for your different cats. After getting a gift from your own man, That's a tell you where the hell is in that food shop. All around the plushing to go to your eyes and pray that your team is so gone from New City. That day was a busy quaint. Michael Powell wanted nowhere to move that. And let me find his little baby cat show that. He had a mind of a five-year-old man, Violin, he served with sex and so on. He's a great and correct adult cat alone. Thanks to the job that he got from his dad. We got a moment in this debt scene. He maybe don't want your children to see the new empty. That your old and pleasant baby, See your home mess up the father they with this. I don't want my baby shit to kill him. Michael Powell wanted nowhere to move that. He didn't like what he told me he's dead. I don't want it with a family in fact. It was a name just from a movie. That's that. I'm just using that likes to transcend. I don't want to go with a move that. I can tell I don't want to know where the food's at. All he's got to do is look at our middle-level management. The department will find out where the booze are at. Just a joke, tough and clearance. Kind of. One fifty-six-it-five-sixty-w-u-y-m. Did you see the shocking announcements coming up into a clock on CNN? No, I did not. Didn't see it? No, I was flipping. I was watching the NASA people have a staggering boy. We can talk about this tomorrow. Staggering an husband from Mars. I saw a little blurb on that while I was a surf in the nudie. They found the president's brain. What's left of it on Mars? Oh, seriously. Here's the deal. They're not going to sit until two, but he's given like a little tease. Not only was there some water on Mars, but there may have been a salty sea, which we know as oceans. What? And you know what's in the ocean, though, too? Life. Life. Oh, no! Oh, my God. What are all the religions? You're all you religionists out there. You God squad people and the Jesus Christ. There's nobody else. You're better start thinking real fast what the cover is going to be for this story. Right? Right. Oh, this is the worst facts in history from Gregory and West spoke you just said me. Now then more than ever we need a Neil chat room. Oh, okay. You can let me tell you the odds on a Neil chat room again on a scale of minus infinity. I mean, forget about it. Okay. I travel extensively throughout the US and would love to link up with other Nilees. Oh, Greg, we know you don't. You don't want to link up with anybody in the chat room. I guess the end-coder parody is now out of the question, Dr. Oh, now we'll play it a little bit. We'll just put a few. Every other word will be late. Wow, a Neil Rogers chat room. Listen, on your parents out there, if your kids are spending more than two seconds a day in any chat room, get them some help, okay. Take the computer, put it in the bottom of the pool or even better yet, send it to Mars for that ocean thing. Wow, a chat room. This is what we were moving along so well, too, you know. I know you didn't mean it, Gregory, but get serious. Good, golly Miss Molly. The lifeless masses out there, the nerds, the computer nerds, who spend their time and the best part about the chat room is the by their who it's about. Who's website of my B? 99% of the material owners got nothing to do with whoever the whoever's website is. It's all about each other. They're all like squeezing each other and calling each other names and trying to outsmart each other on, I'll dumb each other. Wow, forget about it. But have a great day, Gregory. Anyway, here's our pool, which we wind up with so far anyway. 550 votes. We had 587 on the first one. We done that some numbers today, you know what? A what and speak of numbers. Let's see, these Tuesday Thursdays pay day clearance. This Thursday is the 25th and a week from Thursdays the next trend and believe you me. That's when we're going to separate the men from the glam. Next to Thursday, week from the Thursday. Then we'll see if we got a shot. And then we'll see if Molly Howard David and Jackie Lee are the same guy. I'm sure they are. What American entertainment family do you think is the best of all time. The Marks Brothers, 122, the three stuages 103. Absolutely. Curly Larry and Mo. The Sheen's Martin Charlie and Emilio Estiver as 72, the Jackson's only 37 because we're too embarrassed. The very most 25, the subtle in 25, the weigh-ins 21. Kirk and Michael Douglas 16 to find us 16. The Olson's win 14 to Bridges 13. The Gibb Brothers 11. The brothers Gibb. The Arnezzes is 8. The Nelson's is 7. Baldwin's 7 Carpeters 5. The Osmons still stuck on 5. What a shame. All my brothers 5. The Caritines 5. The Coppola's 5. The Wilson's Brian etc. Four. The Wilson's An and Ancy etc. The Smothers Brothers 4. The Iglesies is 3. The Carrie family 2. And the Maddox coming up next to the Humper from the Bahamas at 4. Bye bye. The New Wester Show. I'm five. The New New Shwean. My name is Fort L'Oreal. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.