The day in Thursday, campaign adviser for the Joe Lieberman Presidential campaign. This holiday season, the spirit of peace honor and goodwill towards men is alive. The size I channel proudly presents, a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas. Crack is black. From a burnt house a lapidate its storefront and the alley behind Fremor-Nyzen Avenue at North New Jersey. It's a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas. Crack is black. With special guests, the Asming Leaf, Life Garrett, Nick Nulti and Marion Berry. Was the net the full equipment, Abbey Pock in my car, stole some coke and drinking gin from a yacht. It's a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas with a surprise appearance by the Newark Undercovering our College Division. And Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown. Beat! Crack is cheap. Brought to you without commercial an option by Jamal and Kahim who supplied them a Carter Highway Hood. Crack is black. It's a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas. Oh, black. Speaking of Bobby Browns. Hey there, people are bobbing Browns. Let's say the old man the kid. Oh man. Oh man. I don't think Frig's app is making any or come back. Would you be great? Speaking of Jamal's Clarke since we got about 13 minutes to fill. Are we doing two breaks or one? No, just one. All right. Yeah. Let me scratch that out. When I'm down scratch it out. Since we got 13 minutes to kill we can play a little bit of that. Not too much. I think that's enough. Okay. What do we want to like go crazy? Especially your close friend being in the building is the room where I'm here in the Roundtime. We don't want to like have our corporate attorney get all that other shape. Pretty stuff with Frank Saffron. Especially that the real life in the background be really a bad idea. Anyway, skunk a bit. That's Tommy's band. Are you sure about that? Yes. Are you sure? Yeah. Any metal skunk a heavy metal live December 18. I want to say that today is the 14. It sounds like Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. 10 PM. Are you going to be there? No. I won't be there. I'm going to be there. No, you're not. You're going to check it out. Yeah. Well, I'll be damned. And the beast will be over the hard rock playing the make the leaf slots until everyone's coming. Have you ever gone over there and played there to hard rock those Tony Balloni? I would have played Bingo first. Make the leaf slot machines? Yes. I've had the state daughter play. I still don't understand it. Please don't waste anybody's time by trying to explain to the game because we're have more people trying to explain to me. But you gotta fight a Bingo first and then it must be really depressing. How do you better yet? No. But every time I drive and buy there, it's just packed. You can't get near that. Yeah. These are the same people who warned everybody about the e-vos of gambling and those terrible slobb of shit. Yeah, right. It's not all that money on those ads. And the meantime, all they want to do is pop up all the business for themselves. I don't want to say that we got some selfish people involved. And those organizations. You want to say that? Yeah. What would de-ful would think of that? So what do you think of those machines there? Plan that crap? I, not my thing. No. No. So give me the real thing. Exactly. It's like the difference between having sex with like a real person or like a blow-up down. When you say that's a good analogy, I would say so. Yes. Well, maybe you'll work on one of the other pretty soon. These guys are lovely girlfriends, but I heard I do. There you go. And the her site ever comes back and it could be a little bit touchy. Let's see. This is going to be the fact we have for a lot of day. I'll skunk a heavy metal on Tommy's band. Our own squeaky voice Tommy. And do I want to give this phone number and stuff? Now let's not get carried away. Leave the website. They have a good website. Skunk a prox.com. I don't think we can say rocks. Skunk a rock stock. This time he's still sporting the short haircut now because he's in a heavy metal band. I'm wonder why he did that way. Yeah. He's a little green and short and spiky. How about the hair? That too. See, I'm tempted to like, oh, and the good news is, boy, neither would great job pay yourself on a back. Why would great job I did? I'm not even charging him for the engineering fee. I saved him another trip by our Toronto engineer coming up here because when you know you can handle yourself. My two denns came in yesterday. That's why I had it. Which we didn't even have any day there with that. We saved the day for a late perfect. But it took out the old ones required unscrewing eight Phillips head screws. All you want to see in the back of this console here. It reminds me of behind my TV at the house. It's like a spaghetti board. You know, 80 million wires going all over. So the only difficult thing is figuring out where the power cord goes in. But after that, it's a piece of cake. And I got my nice new, uh, from the creatures of the hottest video game. So I spent hours and hours dubbing all kinds of stuff from the AC and library, Christmas stuff. All kinds of good stuff. Figure we're cooking good time between on a holidays. Right? Oh, yeah. That's the idea. So I've been a really nice job. You're welcome, guys. I'll do people in middle and the upper level management down there. I'm a QAM. You're welcome. You know, that I'm so, uh, F. Some people are in F to things like this. I'm very F. I think you should get the engineering fee. I probably should. I mean, uh, especially when you consider the amount of work that most of our engineers do in that studio there as in less than none, pretty embarrassing. Okay. Let's take a few calls here and tell a couple of months before we do that break. Then we'll start to show mine that up. Official like it. Love it or fuck. We got a pretty pristine lineup today. We got the mad dog at two. The Humphorid 4. The big. That's seven. He really is rock solid and any K-10. I'm beginning to feeling that the big always starting to like get up seven days. Is that true? No, no, no. I don't sense that. I got to feeling when he was standing in the doorway that day that I was like ripping him and asked. Now, he understands that I like him personally just fine. He's a good guy. He just blows on the air. That's all. What? Well, you know people like that. You work with one. Sure. And why I mentioned a name. In fact, uh, you both work with one. I don't know if Dave and Boris are nice guys. You nice guy? Yeah, he's a great guy today. Dude, there you go. So there's a difference. See, this again depends on whether you want to run a business or whether it's like a fraternity. You want to have a much nice guy who's around it like never stole a free train. Really pleasant easy to get along with. Low key, you know, or you want to have people with talent. Because generally speaking, people with talent tend to be like hard ass like me and like, uh, like, uh, where I like easy to get along with. Come to QAM. Hello. And you know, how you doing? Pretty good, pal. Why do you have that retarded? Be gentle. So fucking on your shirt. Oh, right. That's right. That's why we had two good starts in a row. Two days in a row, excellent. See, when you get your own hate club out there, that means you're starting to make some points. I know. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, Tommy. Oh, this is, you know, that's five boys friend. And it goes to show a birds of a feather sucked together. Just an absolute imbiscill. Yeah, we got your facts the other day. We've heard all you're an idiot. WQAM, hello. Two A.M. How's it, Neil? Yes, sir? A.M. Yeah. I think it actually something. Why do you have to be some the air, man? Should we take a photo of one of the Beesian's stay or go? That should be the part today. We'll have to be some the air. Ha ha ha ha. Two out of three, a bad. You've been in 607. Even Thai cotton. They've never got an average like that. Even baby root. Never had one. Tidimension baby roots have probably gotten stuck. Stephen Canney bars out of the prize flies. It likes fat boy. I don't know. You're not even been talking that much. Yes, I thought yesterday's show went fine. It was okay. Sure. Yeah. Even though we didn't have to start like 10 o'clock, unbeknownst to us. And today everybody's saying, well, they're still having done the news yet. They haven't started with it. And seriously, it's John the Stutterword, like somebody knew on a steering choke. Because they used to be stuttering John and went to the other men. It's the same person. So why does he come John the Stutterword? I don't know. It's just, you know, Howard Bean. No, no, no, maybe they have a legal thing. Maybe he can't come stuttering John on his show. No, no, that's a separate guy that's stuttering John. Sure. Yeah, that's stuttering John. He's gone out there anymore. He's gone out there. He's on the piano. Leno. Are you sure? Pause. Well, we're sure about that. He's on the Languille. No, he knows that. But I didn't know if he was a back for you. I got news for you better start learning your stutterwords man. And I'm starting to agree with this audience about the means. He don't always stutterers. Yeah. Pretty soon you're going to be doing a little stutter step right after the door. If you don't get with it. Now yesterday was fine, and today will be even more fine. You'll see. WQA and hello. All right, we'll put a B to be taken off the air too. Okay. WQA and hello. Hey, we've got to tell me what time is so started. You've thought, well, I still snowman. Okay. WQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Stuttering John is one guy. John is stutterers and other guys. Two separate people. Thank you very much. All right, buddy. It's a great day. Bloodwide now. Yes, the owners of real sturing guys in New York. I did one. And he had the real load up. I'm not sure what you knew that. Which is interesting to me because Josh tells us he doesn't listen to this. Well, I did it in my high school. He was, he's been around for a long time. John the stutterer. Yeah. And the stuttering John the stutterer. Who know what I'm saying when he was going to be. He was John the stutterer. Also honored and he preceded him. Well, he's not like on the show. He's just like, you know, they have like Gary the retard and like these guys a little bit. A little bit. Guess from like, uh, yeah. And he's one of those guys that, you know, shows up or going to the one. I see. Well, that's good. If we can get a few stutterers on here. Huh? We might put us right over the top. W to Q amp. Hello. Bees line. Hey, yeah. The beast is okay. The got the bit if you bring in. Letting march out is the one with that Spanish music and a back on idea. Okay. Thanks. Okay. So the beast has got one leg up on letting him march out. And we're going to charge the mission. You can take a peek at that. So now what's the story? We're going to be on all week or two. Is this like your surprise when I wake up in a morning. I find out who's rattle and around. I believe the only day I will not be here is Friday. Friday. We'll hit the lovely Miguel. I'll make sure that I don't read any bedtime stories on Friday. We're going to be like mornings in midday. We're going to walk back to the place. We're going to be here. This is the new Roger show. This is your plane. Do do do do do do. Any questions? It's you. Hi. Can I help you? Hi. I just bought these and I like to have them get for after. Do you have Christmas wrapping? Sure. Two hours over. You have Christmas tree. Two hours. Thank you very much. Pardon me. Is this Christmas wrapping? That's right. Food. Check it out. Happy holiday. We hope. It's nice. It's because you're going to be both. Thank you. I'm sure that I think I'll be my own Christmas wrapping. Go ahead. This is it. I'm going to be all the same. So easy when you do it at home. Because we got the rest. We got the riffs. And you know we love it. And all the rib. Thank you. We got the riffs. Thank you. We got the riffs. We got the riffs. I've been all about you. But I'll be real happy with all these holiday things. I'll be the good part of it. It isn't as invasive as it used to be. Man, when I was a kid, I would start like this. I'm going to be a little bit more beautiful. I'm going to be a little bit more beautiful. I'm going to be a little bit more beautiful. And I would start like right from the second Thanksgiving day. It was over and sometime even before Thanksgiving. It was started with the Christmas carole and Christmas song. And it's just very well. It's just drowning in pine trees. Well now it's all about the shopping. All the holidays. Now we're about to big bucks, baby. That's what it's all about. Cash. Here's the poll result from yesterday. They hated this poll even the way in 1445, which isn't too bad. But they hated it. And of course Josh was going to put Elvis on there. He said, well, that's a good one. Absolutely. And of course it just looked your mind. Yeah, I guess so. You were going to visit worried about going and playing the slots at the, uh, uh, how raucous you know over there. Yeah, I was planning it out. So I'm, I don't know why you're so militant about that. I'm not, I, it makes no difference to me one way the other. In fact, when you go to Vegas or anywhere, I hope you win some money. Good luck to you. But no, it just, I don't know why you're so really feeling about it. I just got you brainwashed. It's, it's nothing to do with George. George has got you convinced that if you admit, like you probably had played the slots, you know, just maybe a few quarters. But if you admit doing it, it's a real thing. You're gay. Which they should know better than that. Yeah, you know, I live my life on what George thinks. Uh. Not that you're getting defensive or anything like that. And you shouldn't be that offensive one is beast that the audience is attacking. We haven't even, if you just officially started to show now, they're already got him under attack. I bet you, I bet you, I wouldn't have to do anything here the whole day. We could just, we could just, we could just, We could just, we could just, we could just, we could just, we could just, we could just be beast. Is it ton of people out there that hate me for some reason? I can't imagine why they're all hired. They're, they're what? They're both hands. Oh, I didn't know which Howard you. We got so many hours. It's our show little time. You got to be more pacific when you do that. You got to go, go, go, go, go, go, go like that. You know what I mean? That's a wooden right. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Oh, and I wait a minute. You say there's a ton of people out there that hate you and you're all Howard David fans. They don't have a ton of fans. They were, you know, listen to Howard when I was on the show. They're not like you're getting mad. In other words, Juan from Little Havana, he's right. It is cousin. It's our great chronic, he's like Dennis and who else? Who else ever called that show? The same happened as misfits. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not going to go into it. There's no point in, you know, cry over spilled milk. Because nobody will listen to me. I don't know if I'm talking about doing a talk show with him. But when you put on the same chronic losers day after day, you know, I mean, for two seconds, they might be amusing. Like, please, you know, like, pros and cons. He's kind of got his moment. And that's all it gets, it's just a moment. It's just a moment. And that's it. Now they're, uh, so we're else. What do you mean? They're calling someone else. Yeah, I heard Juan from Little Havana's Coling Joe Rose over on the ESPN 790. Is that correct? That is true. Well, that's why that Joe Joe was off to a good start there. He was going to put in a big number. But if he's going to pick up all the slot that Mole left behind, it's not a good idea, Joe. I thought the little dog was a little bit sharper than that. We asked yesterday which celebrity is most successful, only because of his or her personal appearance did a rely, whatever. He was going to be 2426. She went by pretty comfortable margin. Couldn't single out of a paper sack, not that anybody cares. And the more slutty she becomes, I think that people are starting to like her a lot more. Right. See George thinks that they like her less. I disagree. I think she's become a more popular. Now she's got a slot appeal. No. I think people get pretty tired over. Really? Yeah. And the cool Smith 311 back in the day when she was before she was beast like Pan Anderson 301, not a one at George Hates. Jessica Simpson 140, see how it all comes back to the little George Jessica was right there in the studio that day in George. Of course the fact that he really comes up to the top of the counter. So he spent a lot of time looking out of the counter. Ah, actually in Kuchi Kuchi, Kuchi, and that has got to be one of the worst shows that 70 show. It was good when it first started, but now it's all. That show is so bad and the characters on there are so best Christmas, a little Mexican guy. Whatever his name is. Oh yeah, I feel. Oh man, give me a break. Yeah. Actually, Kuchi Kuchi 79, J.O. 75, I've got them. I still believe she's one of those. Marilyn Monroe 35, rest in peace, Brad Pitt guy. I've turned him in. But he's still gonna act, but you're right if he wouldn't look pretty good and still looks good as a matter of fact, but if he didn't he probably never would have got a shot. And we came to Greece. I thought poor and we came at close personal friend would take a real bruising and beating on this, but he didn't. He only got 23 votes. Maybe they like buy all of his music. I sure wish we could play one bit. You know, well there's a whole bunch of them, but like this. It's gonna be mutual feel. It's a good picture. Yeah, we only wish the temperature was zero. Oh, I can't play that. Especially with your close girlfriend and a building there. I'm gonna start playing some of these sensitive bits. Now you've got to be dreaming, I think. I want to be honest. I think you like poison. And we came 23. Tommy Cruz 15, who was very good in Magnolia, which is to learn. Watch the good news is to be sick. My advice to watch that so yesterday. Yeah, I did. And I've standing. Good advice. See, I told you. In fact, when he came in this morning, he said, That's the money you'll get. And James Dean had six. We apologize for not putting Elvis on there. He didn't. Oh, you know, I really don't know. You can't judge it. So after the fact, it's two many years down the road. Could be saying was he good, was he just, I don't know. Was he in a right place at the right time? Don't know. Can't wait to say. Ursula Andres, Andrews, boy, she, she's still alive. I don't know. I have to look at that. Better Google in man, because she was born March 1936. Was that the year the Olympics in Germany and Munich? So a rally. When Jesse Owens ran there and hit Lewis have it on nervous cow, because there was a black American guy that was beaten a crap out of everybody. Remember that? Yeah. Yeah. It was right there. Ursula was born in Austin, when Austin, when again, Burns, Switzerland. For younger sister, Katie Andres tried to become a model to Andres, but she failed. Anyway, Ursula Andres, she's made, oh, brother, 80 trillion movies. There are got six pages, which I'm not going to bore you with. Cream after five. Alice Gilogen, whatever that means. Fantaghetto four. Fantaghetto three, which makes sense to me. You'll profit, you'll profit, you'll profit, you'll profit or a deva. Men again, men against the mob of the Chinatown murders. Then a bunch of Germans stuff that I can't pronounce. Falfing press, she was in. What year was that? 81. Peter the greatest. She still lives. He croaked. He's a man. So that makes her like 68. Well, that's not so old. She's only six years old and I am. Oh, brother, you know what it's like to get old. You will someday. Class of the Titans, let yourself agey. The fifth must continue. Dopiodelito, Montanio del Dio, Carabali. While I've written you time. What year was she born? She was born 1936. 268. Yeah. Can you do the man? Yeah, I tried. Linframia, Linframia, Alain Fermiata. Okay, so I'm sure she wouldn't have to read this. It's a far-reexpression old bunch of other crap. First one, and rest is pretty good picture. It's not spectacular. But we're like running little low. Yeah, we're really thin. George. Yeah. Speak for yourself. We're really thin. When you do the show within a beast. Yeah. George is going to have like repensate supply. What he's shown here. Okay, so the hockey thing now. Very jackass, which I have many people care about. He's got a lot of really, really cares there about this whole hockey thing. So what we're going to do today and say, doing the show. Yeah. But I do just to play the third period of the 1967 game six maple leaf Santa Cup finals. Maple Leafs named Montreal, Canadians. I don't know. I don't know. See, Duff is there. That's why he's not here this week. He can't be with us because Duff is playing hockey. Can't you just see that? 5, 28 is the time when I go all for just 10, 2, 3, and anyway. But anyway, there are no people who care about hockey and soft food. And that's a very sad thing. But in fact, the matter is that we don't deserve to have a franchise. And I have a feeling we won't. But the bad news is, let's see, this is from the global mail, which I think might be a little bit more to the point than very jackass. I don't know why I think that. But I'm just assuming an article in the Toronto paper might be a little more Perspicacious about the world's greatest sport as opposed to a very jackass who's sitting at a little brown paper sack that mommy packed this morning with his The Lonely Sandwich and Peanut Butter and Jelly. And quarter-rose. Is this the end? Oh, he wears quarter-wire pants? Oh, yeah. Oh, God. What kind of pans he wears? Quarter-wire pants? I guess the answer is very jackass. And if anybody talks to me about Scott Peterson today, I guess what? I don't care. I really don't care. Fry his ass, give me the old needle. I just don't care. It's going to be years before he does. Yeah. They said minimum 20 years. And guess what? I still don't care if they killed him tomorrow would make any difference. Gildy is hell. And I still don't give a crap. Is this the end? Says the global mail, the National Hockey League Pants to reject. Last week's proposal from the Thursday Association for a 24% salary rollback. According to a confidential memo leaked yesterday, a decision that very well could lead to the cancellation of the entire 24 or five hockey season. Nice, Gildy. That's something that would be like it in the getting the job as the lead singer. They lead act at the MCM brand. Right. And then discover that he just went bankrupt and closing down next week. Something like that. Right? Yes. And an eight page member hand in the center of the NHL by a 30-member club. About 30, man. I'm saying by TSN, the sports network. The NHL made it clear. It'll turn down the players' proposal. And counter was one of its own today when NHL commissioned the anxious Gary Bettman meets with Pair Jr. executive director Bob Goodnoh in Toronto. Every indication is that it was at the legal once again demand a link to your salaries and revenue, which the players view as a salary camp and a non-starter. Forget it. Unless league response today with a counter proposal at the players view as tolerable, something more than servers believes it would be unlikely. Don't expect to hear. Tockey night and can of the theme music this winter. How do you like that? That's their take on it here. I'm sure Barry Jackson did right there. Yeah, dark specter that this winter is what they're saying. It says the lockout is in its 90th day. It's believed that a collective agreement must be achieved by the end of January for league that have any kind of meaningful regular season in playoffs. Given that the players already believed they give it away too much. A hardening of physicians is the likely immediate outcome. If they reject this offer, I think you could write off the season bank, Hoover, Kinex, Goldtender, Dan Kuchay said last night, resunding night. And at Brad look, a week of the Stanley Cup Champion Tampa Bay Lightning. The Wade Batman has been handling things so far. It doesn't look good. If they're not going to take an offer like this, there's nothing else we can give back. Signs yesterday suggested precisely that scenario and outright rejection of the news offer was about to unfold. That's on good Earth. Spend on that. There's nobody cares. How we have a hockey franchise and no can be wrong. Lots of part of time was pretty enjoyable. Especially that one season, but that's starting to like fade back and the background when you think. Bring back the rats man. Yeah, no. And in fact, I saw a clip. Of course, we got a hockey game's all over the place here on TV. But I saw a clip from that a few days ago. I was thinking, how bush league that was? That was embarrassing. Only in South Florida, what they literally ice. You know, with a bunch of plastic rats. And then they took all kinds of threats. Remember after that, the next season. Oh yeah. The bunch of jerks, with certain throw rats on you. I just didn't give him moment. Like in the middle of the game, they have to stop the game because guys can get killed, skating over anything through on you. And then they had to start threatening people with like, pedaling a death and shot and drop right at center ice if it would keep throwing a rat on there. In fact, remember the league said they were going to call up penalty. The lay again coming against the panthers of the continued doing it. That's a bunch of jerks we had to don't understand a sport. That's not for a for you. So many jerks in so little time man, Jackass is idiots. And that's why South Florida dolphin games. Every time you go, you got some drunk sitting there like knocking somebody's just soda over or somebody kicks a beer and they're standing a brawl and stand or the jet fans in the dolphin. Just that bunch of drunken, slab bumps is what you get. Now I'm not saying it's not true other places, but that's why I so great when you got the NFL package. And you sit on your ass and home watch the game for free. I thought of that. It's the best. The only way to go. But I want to go to a sporting event anymore, once we come to our very bunch of crap. By the way, last night, again, I made a bad mistake. I went to a better half time. Not that I really care about the outcome. I always phone for Kansas City. You missed a offensive juggernaut. 40. When you didn't watch it, no, I was watching a fatso. Kansas City, 49 Tennessee, 38 Tennessee scored right before the end of the half. The Kansas City's defense is so bad. They just can't stop anybody, but they're offensive. Awesome. They're very much like the Bengals for the ramp. Great offense for the ton of points and the ball, but they couldn't stop more grandma. It turned out to be a pretty good game. Not that anybody. Let's talk to the sports intensive now. Let's get in a holiday spirit. Let's get in a holiday spirit. They hate to be. That's the good news. They hate you like poison. Before we do the break and we'll get way behind. Here's the pool today. Thanks again to Sean and Hollywood. Many's coming up with all kinds of polls. There should be a law against. Here's a good list. Let me change the pool on here. Pulse. I feel so powerful being able to do this like right in the middle of the show. Switch. There you go. Click the button and I switch. There should be a law against. We've turned people driving during rush hour. Writing a check at a grocery retail store. Commercials at movie theaters. Stupid people voting. Organized religion. Stupid people breeding. Using the word closure. Locker room interviews. And I added. Using cell phones and a restaurant or movie theater. I'd like to just blow the brain down. You know. I can understand if it's like somebody is like a paramedic or a doctor like an emergency rattle. Most of those people have beepers. Not cell phones. No one has beepers anymore today. Oh yeah. Sure they do. I don't know. Joyce. She's got one. Go. Maybe she'll let you take a look at it. Maybe she'll let you beep it. You. Yeah. Language tape. Number six. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store manager. Hello. May I be to help you, nobody? Repeat. Hello. May I be to help you, nobody? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. You want a Parliament light? Repeat. You want a Parliament light? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store manager. Are these a Parliament light? Repeat. Is these a Parliament light? Are these one Parliament? Customer. No. Neither one of those is the Parliament light. Great. No. Is it this one? No. It's not that one. You want a Parliament light? Yes. I want the Parliament light. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Turn this tape over for language tape number seven. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. Oh, that was coming up a little bit later. I got all kinds of really great stuff. We haven't heard in years on this show that I've done thanks to my two new Den and CV decks here. Yes. As long as I'm going to go to the trouble, put them in there. I'm using them. Right. So I've done tons of great stuff that we haven't heard in a cool zade. Things like that. I'm dying out there. My name is Barry. Sing like a fairy. I write that sounds about romance. While I'm wearing Spanish pants, I'm trying to shrimp me. My son's a mint. I had a series of big hits. And that was back in 76 now. No one wants to hear. They told me that and she said, they wanted to fit on my elbows. For my sons, we've got a nose shape. Like a banana. Like to fan both live in my channel. That's a blue cat and nose shape. Like a banana. Of my no-jews, it had all the city of Atlanta. I write the song. I've got a hug. Besides of yunkers. When I get a snob of nose, I need to stand in a hole. But now on the skin, my life is back in place. And so I'm singing again and sticking. My shoes are all filled. Got a nose shape. Like a banana. Like to fan both live in my channel. Got a nose shape. Like a banana. Of my no-jews, it had all the city of Atlanta. I write that song. I write that song. I write that song. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live in my channel. Like to fan them afterь. Because they can start on free like sound. Like to fan them before you fan both live in my channel. Like to fan both live out if you're not shy. Like everything you have in people, Like to beat them. I'm okay. Like to. After all, I hope you like us. Just to tell the audience about doing this video, its like Godfather, develops with us abilities, good night This is a madman. But this is a madman. That's a madman. It'll take a little man out of the jail, Mr. Twenty-seven, don't know if it's five to sixty WQM. So here's the Amazon, Mr. Thruns. Paul and the Gable, too, seem to know his craft. So I'm a tadian. The word Thruns is a Southern, so sick, and corruption, the word Stranzo. Stranzo means TURD. You TURD? I like that. Lovely. Now, what was he talking about? You are one. That's very hard. Yeah. I'm right. So Stranz means TURD. TURD. Yeah, I was a fosh, though. That's centena would not be speaking in Dutch. I'll see. I got a really good article here. Tim Goodman, couch potatoes. It sounded roughly remote. A little more on what I was story ahead of the day about the parents' television council. Remember that toward the end of the show? Yes. But it's very long. I'm not going to do it to lecture. Well, I'll get around to it. Okay. Well, I want to get a lot of it. Votes in here on you. Like this. This came out of the field. And we're finding the audience. Hates you like poison, man. There should be a log against using cell phones in a movie theater or a restaurant. That was my choice adding on to Shanz's finalist. And that seems to have moved in the top of 23. Organized religions. That's what I voted for. 21. Can't read a bit, man. Vannet. It's a cancer on all a mankind. Organized religion. This organized religion fairy tales. Mumbo jumbo. Just like that story about the church people with the malls. Well, they're going to ignore it. Why can't we have, you know, everybody's got like a peen contest. Who's religion is better and who's a symbol? Who's chachkeys are better? Yeah, and I'm not following it with a crap. We need to put baby Jesus. That's that of bird eyes. How about the Virgin Mary? Stupid people breeding 22. Organized religion 21. Stupid people voting 11. Retired people driving during rush hour 10. Commercials and movie theaters eight. Right. And I'll tell you everything that bugs. Maybe we ought to put it on our commercials on DVDs. Oh, yeah. All the previews and commercials. I watched Gotti, which is an excellent movie. It's very, you see it? No. You haven't seen anything. Very good. I've seen a DVD that's the furlough that there's a, I forget what movie they're promoting on there. Oh, it's, uh, I know what it is. Spider-Man. You don't have to go see Spider-Man because half of the movie is on there in a preview before you wind up sing Gotti. It's a pop pop pop pop pop. And I don't care about, I think it's Spider-Man. What's that? What's that? What does his name? He gives me spilties. I can't stand to be McWierre's at him. Yeah. Retired people driving during rush hour 10. Commercials movie theaters eight. Writing a check at a grocery retail store six. Especially if I have to be standing on that line. Using the word closure to and locker room interviews only one out of 105-first 105 boat. Oh, we got facts is coming here. All kinds of crap going on today. Why is that? Today is December 14. Last time I checked. It's a big day. Why is that? I don't know. Here's a facts from, uh, L in Weston. A little bit too much on heavy side. I understand you're concerned. I appreciate it, but uh, lighten up a little bit. After watching Spanish television TV, Live last few weeks, I have TV a spong of it is. I have to conclude that our democracy is in the dead of our life support. Wow, what a bullet man. Nice going now. Spain suffered a terrorist attack march 4th 2004. A commission who investigated the facts right in that criminal attack was immediately formed for several weeks. They have grilled under oath. Everyone on live TV including ex-person and asnar. It occurred under his watch and present president. This is not a title. We suffered a major criminal terrorist attack nine. Love it against the twin towers in New York for last 3000. In a sudden lives. A 9-11 commission in our country was formed. Our president, Bush, opposed it. He didn't appear under oath in front of it. Instead he sent kind of leaves to BS us. And had some commission members visit him at the White House. He and the president of the court's dick to speak about 9-11 off the record. It looks like all of Europe has a better democracy and really wants to get to the truth. Courage release is out. And then he goes out about in the hair. I really do. But what are we going to do? We're going to sue somebody. Is that we're going to do? Yes. Suimal. And sue the beast. Take out your first race in suicide status. Here's one that says, boy, a lot of polls today. A lot of stuff. Oh, blockbuster drafts late fees. You fact that to me? Yeah. I don't want any facts about blockbuster unless they're going out of business. I hate them. Like poison. But be sure and go there and get whatever movie you're watching night. What is it? Uh, I don't remember. See you're not going to watch a party. Oh, he's up. They may, uh, Tom Cruise. I don't know. Ignorial. There you'll magnate. No, but what was the one I said before you were going to watch? It was, uh, once upon a time in America, but in between there was another one need to watch the hidee scene. No, not gotty. Yeah, forget about it. Oh, forget about it. Oh, I wonder they'd buy this. Believe it or not, the sports station up that I'll be between 13, 15, 100 is having OJ Simpson on for a plus interview later they would have had an oying chick. Sports station between 13 and 15, 100. What was station is that? 1400. That's a sports station now. Yes. They used to light bulb junior. Yes. She said she's going to ask him about the Heisman trophy and is playing days at USC. I'm trying not to vomit. It says, what a cheap practice. It's a national attention. I am done with that station. Well, nobody ever started with it. So you, why should you be done? Although it only comes in between Sample Road and Hollywood Boulevard. Anyway, that's the station that Norma can't use to be on and the Joyce Kaufman and all of these other crazy people. I didn't belong in here in the first place. And that's not to mention in a buses name. What's the one that Phil Henry used to do all the time? I don't know what to say. I don't know. I can't think of it. But one with the speech defect. Anyway, I don't have time for this right now. I'll take a couple of calls. Then I want to read this about the parents told him council. Just to give you a little tip-off on this 99.8% of indecency complaints to the FCC in 2003 all came from the parents television council. Just like I said yesterday, the overwhelming majority of complaints come from professional complainers, including individuals and organizations. Like the American, the Family Association, the Florida Family Association, and certain unimaginable individuals come from the same chronic that that's their life. That's their whole deal. I have no line. The professional complainers. And unfortunately, this government we got now in the FCC, they love that. They love those people because they're looking for an excuse to nail everybody's ass. That's what it's all about. WDQA and thanks to Beastline. Hello. But not the people who got the flow of the West and Land on the interstate. So we'll get out of the way. Yeah, we're not adding in more on the poll. Thank you, sir. We're not building the poll. The poll is fine. It's something that 85,000 choices on her too. Lots of things we can be upset about. People like call it just don't get it. You know what I'm saying? Right. Get it. Get where the giveaway to program. All right, Pally. Oh, the drive is here. So yeah, right. Great. Well, guess what? I ain't going to get any better. The drivers and Florida suck. And especially in South Florida, we need some of those most of our videos of 100. A whole bunch of the rest of them just got off the banana boat and got the drivers license and a box of cracker jack. Right? Yeah. So who else gives a crap? Go for it. It's bash the beastly on QAN. You're listening to me. You're not your ex-glucing lady. I'm five. Two, eight. And. Howard David's a bitch. You're a bunch of records. You've seen his film. You'll even purchase the day global memorial paintings of the gas station. As a true Elvis fan, you think you've heard it all. But wait, there's more. Now you can buy secret recordings of Elvis's last telephone conversations. Yes. It's the Elvis tapes. Go away, man. This is Elvis. I don't want you to go all right now. Let me a big beat up brother. That was. Okay. You know, but I don't know that myself. We're doing a good move. Dude. The night. Yo, here Elvis is most intimate moments. Oh, please. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. You're here Elvis for real. How we really feels about the one through love on this life? What if that won't you back in the moment? And I know you're way back. But you pick up some donuts, please. Make your name, Queen Tom. Krillist, Jimmy's day this too. I love my baby, honey, go to his dough, now. Without deal, I can't do the Elvis tapes. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. What I know that's still in your side. You have to try your best word with voices. We will speak through the left sides of the world at you and闖 Sírum. You're right, all people at a horse brat? I don't know. That's not the only one. I have X Laurentia. Please go forward and be careful. a fancy restaurant like that. If you can afford a baby sitter, okay, you jackasses. So I am putting that one on there. You got it, John. Throw it good. Go out of a word. Book of Bob says, have to be careful where are we this, because you know who's in the building. Right. Book of Bob says, the lowest investor from an interview with Charlie Stadia and author of mafia books, Charlie Stadia. Now, it's not really Stadia. Stila. Two elves in this by an attending is not a why. But anyway, says more appropriately, doesn't mean turn to means little Schmidt. Thus you can see some of using the term calling Pauli a little Schmidt. Pauli that's utterance. He sold out the old man. Which right now we got to do it where the hell is a Clemenza? I love Clemenza. You should have loved Clemenza too. Fat, fat people got to go. I do. Oh, Pauli wants to eat him. Yeah. What's the end of more poorly? Anyway, PS, it says, Carmelo Pietro Stadia. I'm sure that's not right. My old man's family is the city and my mother's near Pauli. Maybe he knows George the Palacan or Junior in Anthony. I like the politics and ice cream. My mom not nobody would any taste eats near Pauli. Nice. I don't know. I don't like it. Strawberry chocolate and vanilla. I have one word for that. Okay. Yeah. Fair. My mom's Spadanza, which means hope of course is Talese. When I was a kid, my grandfather and my mother's side Pietro, I'm under he's kindergarten, for the Jackie from New England. Used to call me students a little Schmidt until I was five or so I thought that was my name says Volca Bob. I share it from your Volca Bob's. Students. Anyway, Tim Goodman writes couch potatoes. It's time to drop the remote. He says email the SEC stopped the parents television counsel before it gets beyond the TV. It's a long, long thing, but I'm going to read anyway. You wouldn't mind because they're doing more time to eat. Did we get food yesterday? Well, we get our normal dose of how we always Josh had some food. I'm not not even going to touch that. You know, the idea that you're not eating that there's any kind of that interval. Did I eat any of your food yesterday? No. No. You ate nothing you're doing me sure yesterday. I brought something. Yeah, what's that? I don't know what I brought for Ford. I brought. Triple cheese burgers. I brought Peter in the homeless. Oh man. Josh doesn't know what the homeless is. Oh my God, homo. Boy, does he have a lot of hoods? Yeah, what's what goes with the homeless? Fan. Tim Goodman's San Francisco Chronicle writes my vote for my media television story. The year goes to the one you may have missed. Media week reported on December 6th. That all of the of all the indecency complaints to the FCC in 2003 of all of them, a sterling 99.8% of them came from one conservative group, a parent's television counsel. And through October this year, a part from complaints over Janet Jackson's infamous wardrobe malfunction, a full 99.9% of the complaints about indecency of again come from the parent's television counsel. This means a small group of highly mobilized conservative watchdogs has essentially driven more of a news campaign directed to the FCC. Hey, Blue Staters, this is a much small or a picture that you might have ever imagined. Forget about looking at that depressing election map and feeling overwhelmed like you're on a cultural island apart from the rest of the country. The sad fact is why you've been pouting and part of that while you were watching John Stewart and gloating, you let a small group of reactionary conservatives set the agenda. In short, you follow sleep at your Mac friends in the land of the text savvy you've been emailing among yourselves that a setting off Mrs. SEC chairman Michael Powell. You must have chance to say, hey Mike, I'm going to delve in notice how to work my TV zermode control. I may not like everything I see, but I want you to know that I'm disinterested in creating some a carfiest chill factor in the creative community yours and certainly. What's the use of all that wireless capacity that lost for cool tech if you're going to serve eBay instead of say dictate the national debate on indecency. The media week story of beautiful pin prick and the hyphal balloon of rampant American worries about morality can be read by clicking here and he's got a link to it. It stores not a big on our website. Or just had this in your search engine. Media week in competent Michael Powell got a set of C.C. Paris television counsel telling a first amendment, much to do about people don't like nipples or gays or art. That might keep you some hits to start with. If 2004 was the end of the culture war became a scene out of the Lord of the Rings, we now know that scare techists and chess pounding about moral values came from a finger clicking of a relative few and found their way up to the FCC and out of the mouth of President Bush. Just remember you might feel like you're in Helms Deep right now, but when you look out to vanquishing hortic conservative watchdog Goons, it's just really a CGI illusion, which means there's hope in beating back the sensitive rampage of very tiny minority. The media week story said that the number of complaints to the FCC in 2003 total 240,000, which was up from the year 14,2002. People complain to the FCC both in 2001 and 2000, numbered about 350 each year. So let's see that's roughly the amount of people in three bartering cars on your morning commute representing the entire country. Until the parents television counsel gets wiped at the internet of course, the media week story said Powell went to Congress in 2003 and played the town prior, saying there was a dramatic rise in public concern and outrage about what's being broadcast in their homes, except there wasn't. The FCC, most surprised anyone who rose this bunch of Plato's spine public servants were used. Now the parents television counsel and Paul have responded to the media week story by saying, hey, it doesn't matter where these complaints about him, these things he came from, these are still Americans being outraged, which you know what? Yes, it does matter, because the FCC is supposed to be a sounding word for people of U.S., our upset about the content and seek a place to complain outside of the network that aired it. But the process is being hijacked by people who are likely that aren't even watching the shows, but are responding to a group that tells them the content is wicked. Meanwhile, thinking people with minds that actually open and function are not sending in emails to Paul that say, I saw something I didn't think was appropriate for my kids, so I changed the channel I handled it. No need to start a holy war about it. I'm looking forward to deadwood on HBO. You should table what if you haven't already, anyway, have a nice day. If the FCC takes action only after the public compliance and it's clear now that only members of the parable, if our parents television counsel are complaining, then the counterbounds there worries about what constitutes in D.C., less reactionary viewers will not have to rise from the couch and join the debate. So much for television being passive as gay fist entertainment, and good by the quaint notion that you can vote with your remote. Apparently, feed them a choices out of vote using the governments tell everyone else what they can and can't watch is the new trick. I love politics. On all sides, I'd rather do almost anything that involved myself and that tainted broken process than either do I want the parents television counsel like and the tell the dog that bites the writers hand and Hollywood. So I'm going to write an email to Michael Powell and you can too right here even click on it and tell them these things. I'm relatively upstanding citizen. I have two small kids. They only watch what I let them. I know how to use my TV remote. I know how to turn my television off. I'm my television. I like violence. I like new to day. I like guns going off. I like people having sex. I like swearing. I like shows with gay people in them. I like shows where gay people have sex. I like shows where gay people shoot guns and I swear. I like stuff that blows up. I also like little bear and shows about architecture and design and see span of that helps. I hope this email offsets another from the parents television counsel. I hope you get a lot more just like this because I want the PTC out of my living room. I've got a sneaking suspicion they're going to end up in my bedroom. You're a certain serial. So to be on our website tomorrow and you can click on and send your own if you want or you can just sit back and have a handful of the right wing lunatics to decide everything you can see in here and listen to and whether we can play fart sounds on their all of these things like that. All of you. Right. It's best to be stay here on QAM. Let's get back on that man. It was my favorite. We don't have to. Now the movie I've told you to watch was misery and you forgot it already. James Khan. Okay. What? You're not going to get it? Baby. Have you seen a Josh? I don't think so. It's not that old. It's not that many years ago. It's not a new movie. It's like ancient. It's pretty good. Misread and then once upon a time in America and got to even live without. Got to it was good but you don't need got to. Who wants to see movie about that? Struns. Is that there? There should be a law again. That's our poll today. That's the official poll on the website. The International One is how much you hate the beast. Using cell phones and a movie theater restaurant. 46 stupid people reading 46. I like that. Organized religion 41. Got a three-way battle going. We tried people driving during rush hours 26. Writing a check at a grocery store or retail store 20 stupid people voting 19 commercials that movie theater 13 using the word closure for screaming kids at a sea at a restaurant. See you luck with word off of there. Screaming kids at a fancy restaurant. I mean if you go to Denny's you expect people to hit the trailer trash take their kids to Denny's right? But at an expensive restaurant when you go into a fine dining establishment yeah that's not anybody out there that wants kids crying at a restaurant. Like I said screaming kids at a restaurant too and locker room interview is one. How about screaming kids on their plane? Oh that's the law. Oh my god because you can't get off there's no one. Oh and somebody like me there flies to Europe 85 times you're in back and you get on under some screen especially in first class all you can do is go oh my god. Cheese am I going to survive this? No kid deserve to be in first class. I'm not little kids. I would say no kid under 10. Right? Yeah. Right? No punky little screaming, whining, choking, coughing, sneezing, gagging, puking a little bratty kid. Oh you just don't like it? No it's not the problem the fact is uh put a minute or place you know like in storage. 567.05.60. Town 5.60 and the Verizon singular wireless lines. Let's get a lot of calls on here for our friend to be. Okay well might as well make something worthwhile for you this week. Why don't I? WQA and hello. Hey bea get your nose out of copper dance you think? What do you say? Get my nose out of cokers ass. Oh our cokers. Well that's hurricanes stuff. I've been in our tension that. In fact I should have mentioned one time before we started the show. Okay. In throw. We mentioned that for you and my growth at all. WQA and hello. QAM. Hi. I'm Daniel. Yes sir speaking. Hi I've got one for the poll. Okay. I tell you we're taking any more for the poll. I'm not I was going to tell you I was going to let you give it to them. I'm going to say I'm not taking it. We're going to go ahead. I'm a fool. I'm a fool. I love the bees. Okay. Well you're people. So the rest are saying Bob of who I know is one of your people. I know we find one. WQA and hello. Hey, Neil what's going on in Cuba with all these military movements? What all these all movements in Cuba? They're not follow movement in Cuba. Cuba puts you as I notice with Monday's massive organs if I decide to get to it I'll get to the venture. Okay forget about Cuba. Oh could I be right small potatoes there okay? Although the hotels here are just you know fainted. That's what happened in Rotsen. I don't know a lot of people love Godfather too. Which I like all three of them but I don't know. Godfather two to meet in. In fact some people said Godfather two was better than Godfather one. Those people need to be with Santino and a cause that will students. It was pretty good. Godfather he was very good. Yeah. And of course it had a lot of smalls because it went back into the old country and no more in the wrecking. Although the first one we did and then Godfather three really went back in as Sicily. How many of them? Here. Let me show you a Sicily. Remember that he was driving a car. He was the limo driver. Michael never saw the third one. I guess when you see one thing when you got a DVD player with some sure you do. Yes. See this may come as a shot to you but you can actually eat and watch the movie at the same time. Sure this means that we will run. This is Mark Morgan. Is the 12 to one hour on Q8? Rock and roll for stories. Thinking in the childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer, no one to exist it. And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas. Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the Neven Valley sounds of one of the most depressing artists in Rock history. Yeah, the system is roasted. All the families are roasted. Right now I'm high at the time. I'm a family of five. It's the lizard kid. That is most festive. I'm Jim Morrison Christmas. Or you can't. I've made a please don't get one to be. I'm all undying when they come see a jeem Morrison Christmas. It's the city to prove that you'll see some of the live. Probably one I'd tell you what he was no Elvis. Thank goodness. Right. He was the greatest to meet Jim Morrison. He was sensational. He even the Reddance TV talent without the lips. You don't think Jim Morrison was unbelievably great. He was outstanding. Really smart. Even Josh goes along with Anne. Yes. Very quietly but he goes along with Anne. Seriously you've got misery to watch once upon a time in America and what was the turn the turn one? I got five the three. Now Godfather three you have to look past Sofia Copa was big nose. And the fact that Robert Dubell wanted too much money so they didn't bring him back. And so we got George Hamilton and there we don't quite look like Robert Dubell. We don't look either Irish or Italian but nevertheless. And then there's some bad I think by E.Y. Wallick but he finally eats so many canoes and he croaks. But I'm telling you there's some good stuff in there. Godfather three. You've got to see how could he not see it. Well you know I can't everyone told me that I was horrible. I look forget about everyone told you. Okay forget about that. Okay. I guarantee if you're a Godfather person you have and you'll see you'll probably say oh yeah you're right. Mary coer so Fio Copa was terrible and her nines is the size of Mars but forget about that. Just look past it if you can. Okay. If you can see around that nose. But you know there's Michael and there's K and there's like some of the people from Godfather one hour and there too like what's his name? Collo. Okay. Remember the the bodyguard and then Syslina not to want to set him up and blew up the car with his wife and it was what that was your name? Come on. I'm horrible beautiful beautiful Michael's beautiful life in Italy. Yes. Yes. I know the all my God. I can see her right now. It was big gigantic eyes. The Monday, Tuesday. Monday, Saturday, Tuesday. Yeah. Epilonia. See it took me a couple of seconds at least my mind is a little sharper than yours. Epilonia. That's your apple. Yeah. That's your apple. Yeah. That's your apple. Yeah. That's your wasn't purple rain. 567. 0560. Pond 560 and a Verizon and singular wireless lines. Bash to beast Tuesday. In fact all week long it might be Bash to beast Wednesday tomorrow and then WQA and hell. Yes sir. Your boy Kim Morrison from the door. He's a pseudo intellectual too. Yeah. It's like a yeah. That's a guy to call. I said what's the pseudo intellectual? You looking at mirror okay. Kim Morrison was not a pseudo intellectual. Rayman Zerich was a pseudo intellectual demandager. In fact I used to have a back in the day that I would do. We used to have that on tape. I'm sure we don't have that anymore. Okay. Where you go Rayman you remember Rayman's good. You're lucky. You stick my voice through this whole pseudo intellectual rap about the music and Jim and about that. He's just a you know too much too much acid. Friday's range. Your Morrison was great. WQA and hell. Oh my god. Clara's calling and doing a voice. Wow. WQA and hell. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing? Okay, pal. Let me put my word. I'm sorry. The other movie that you had recommended to be with back though. Then he saw yesterday. He thought it was great. Oh I didn't hear that. He just think it was great. Yeah. You know, you know, I'm not a young guy. I'm 43. Do you want me to hurry? I've got a large I've been large for quite some time. You got to do something about him in. I'm just saying that I like the whole era. I'm saying this because I like to be right. I mean I was an off-road a few weeks ago. A chill for relation. Mark. There's cranky in your chest. I mean don't don't find out about it. It's a hard way to be. Well, you think if you think that a 30 second conversation in a phone here is going to change his altitude about this. I've tried everything. All of us are trying everything we know. And now fast boy, Jeff, I believe, hopefully blows up because we need him like poison especially lately. But you know, the beast we like, but he's as we I try and I got into the 60 pounds and balanced for life a couple of years ago. We thought he was coming along well and all of a sudden, but I'm being blows up like a like somebody stuck a bicycle top up his ass. You know, you know, if when you're young, especially if he's easy to lose weight, it's harder when you get older. Oh, tell me man. I know, I'm getting gray. And keep it off in the real challenge. But he's the wish you could lock him. I don't want anything bad to happen to you. Well, I was nice. Now I have a great holiday. Thank you. Thanks. I mean, little boring, but it was very nice. He hasn't got to care as a budget driver. I know you appreciate it, but it's just that's a vermilion by you. Anybody can say I'm appreciated. What are you going to do about it, Mr. Huma? Some is good stuff. Chickpeas? Yeah. Yeah. How about rubbing that stomach with Thomas? That might do it. Oh, by the way, body wash. I tried to tell Miguel about that. He ran out of the room. That's why he's not on this week here. I mean, what does it use body wash? Some lunatic spick like Miguel. He thinks that it's not a manly thing. They're for you know, I have my loophah, vanilla, body wash. St. Ives, Africa. I have a bath in body wash. Have you ever tried St. Ives? No, I haven't. I'm telling you right now, Scott. It's got hohobe beads in it. You want to say, I don't know what it is, but it's like gritty, okay? Well, like gritty. So like, and then the beads dissolve like it is the most amazing awesome stuff. And of course, as you know, you don't smell like a lilac when you use body wash. Don't you? Or you don't smell like anything. You just clean, you know, but soap that sits there and like gets all like full of hair and crap and can use washing yourself with soap is like using a lard. Like, like, like, slathering your self down. Oh, oh, a rectum. Good, Chris, go. Right. I wonder if muff users large. Anyway, John and Columbia Sheriff Carol, people that can't read or use. We're not adding to our list, okay, John, happy holidays to you, John. We don't need any more things on our list. These people are so, oh, man, how about I last in this long? They're what the should be interactive man. They want to have a say in things. Well, some days we build the pool. Oh, days we put a whole bunch of stuff on here. We added one or two and then that's it. And not thought ready with that. How many we're going to put on the damn pool? There should be a log against it. And then we got like how many choices we got on there? A whole bunch about a dozen? Yeah, two, four, six, eight, ten, eleven. That's enough. Seven, come 11, man. Who, who, that's funny. Yeah, agree. That's, that's you, dude. One thing about Josh, you didn't take him along. You learned a QMF in women. Minimal, my only half of it though. You learned a minimal amount of work part. They get less amount of pay, part. He's still working on that. He's got a ways to go on that. Yes, I just learned from me in the man dog. Less work more pay, okay? In fact, I run out there in a hallway right now, screaming in the other class. I want to raise right now and you'll see how far that'll get. Good. Good QM, hello. Just check it in. Okay, thanks. WQM, hello. Yes, sir. There's the B. B. You have the dollar, the paper on the head, head, head. That was that. WQM, hello. Up there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, I'm really disappointed. We were off to a flying start there with people that hate you like boys. Maybe we just those three or four people, okay? Or maybe the rest of the people age like boys that are way too loud. For pound five, 60, under Verizon, singular wireless lines. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I was just wondering a few years back, they put out a tape where they combined. Godfather wanted to. Right. Did you ever see that? Yeah. I mean, they haven't put it out in DVD. Yes, they have. Is that DVD? I believe so. That's our one and two, all three of them in chronological order. Sure, you get with the pallin by the way, President Lincoln's got a bad headache. One and more seriously, some of you people need to get out of the house a little bit more. Of course, they got the whole trilogy. I'm sure it's on DVD. In fact, George gave me the damn thing when he bought me that DVD pair that I gave away. I'm glad he's not there. But no, seriously, that's what you need. Well, you know, I want to watch the whole thing over. Unless you got like 15, 20, spare hours. No. Just go out and get the DVD. Godfather's high. I got you. I got the set. What do you mean? You've got the set box set with all the X and DVD. Yeah. No, why have any watched the thing? One. Haven't got around to it. Get with it. Today, before miseries, since you've already got it, this is your assignment for tonight. Yeah. Godfather three. I don't know if I'll be able to do it today. Why not? Because it's at home, but I'm not going home today. You're not going home. My girlfriend's house today. You're shacking off with your girlfriend's and I, is that it? Yeah. Like I said tomorrow, your assignment is okay. I'm going to be excited about this girlfriend. You got it. I just like to now drive you seem to be a girlfriend. Yeah. And nice girl. I've got her at Smokey Boats. Yeah. And she looks like a real person and everything. Yeah. Wow. That is scary. WQM. Hello. 2 AM. Go to watch me. With your coat of lunch. With your jacket. Go to watch me. Very weird. Go to lunch, George. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? WQM. Hello. Not there. Because there's nobody online. QAM. Hello. WQM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. No, I don't have a problem with these. So I saw them that you were getting my Saturday. Give them a little card. And wow. I guess I really hate bad people, man. So, this guy was sad. Wow. You know, it was a feel. It was embarrassing. So get on to FVs. Come back, George. WQM. Hello. Any are you doing? Okay, Palli. How you doing? Hey, have you ever been to the site 9-11 in a while? 9-4 games or some party. You know, you ought to be. It's 9-11. Wow. Yeah. That's my favorite. Oh, that's my favorite. 9-11. Wow. Yeah. I love that one. Oh. Every couple hours I go check that out. It's 11 past noon at 5-60 WQM. We got Mr. Mad Dog. Right. No, not that one. Right. It's right next to the old rectum. It's a system I remember. It's a two. The Humpur Henry Goldberg at four. The big. It's seven. Some say he's rock solid. And then we got any K10 tonight. Connect want Citizen Wellusion. It's moveigyeless.umph 85 pau Unbe Million arm.gren including Overflowing, you feel a better butterfly While don't go against the wall, just take off time of all There's a bathroom on the right Don't go on the floor, just move on down to door There's a bathroom on the right You take a good touchy-tik-kila You take the shower shut the chair You feel your happy, kind of real You see the room being spent I don't want my shoes, if love just follows There's a bathroom on the right Don't go on my wall, just move on There's a bathroom on the right There's a bathroom on the right Props 16, that's an honor of our discussion yesterday that you informed I was a quite a public service about the fact that public has Restrooms, which until that day I never knew that I used one last night The Beast Peanant Public Relations, which public was this? I'm a plantation Now which one? What an other hill in theory? Yeah, right there I'll be damned I never knew that the public should not have a hill in theory Had a tea room, I was in the front of the store It isn't the front of the store You man, the right If you walk in the front door, that store you have to go left Oh, there's a bathroom on the left Yeah Haven't played that in 100 years either, that's outstanding 670560 Maybe what we ought to do, I'll be glad you just play all these great gems from the past Said of what exercising our gums don't you think? Sounds good to me Prop 17 to 560WQAM QAM hello Beast, you're really like some first WQAM hello He used to have a drop from the Tati bait and misery Didn't we get out of the coffee duty cars? Oh yeah Let me see if I still have Have you ever been a hobble? No, not yet All my stamps kind, how are you liking? When you see your laughing, you know what he's talking about I do She breaks his kneecaps, I probably shouldn't have told you that Oh, that was the movie now Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't It doesn't, it's really, it's not in here anymore Oh, what a shame We lost all of the good stuff That's probably in part thanks to that idiot Brooooooooy Pressman, the engineer for Paxon Oh, you've got to get rid of those cars, we don't do cards And it's a you know, cluttering up a lot of room there It goes to the days baby, buddy, mug packs And all the way, did like the idea of Pamey 7 months not to work to go away I like that a lot W2M, hello It's Ray J Ray J is gay W2M, hello You're such a big moth off of Canada That's it I'm just on it, we just pause and see what the rest of it was That was the limit of his ability To us, it's just about to spew Yeah, I'm shooting off that big moth from Canada, eh But I'll be there soon, okay We can go out to Ruth Chris You can tell me about your sad life 560, 5050, 5060 On a Verizon and Singatore Larissa lines W2M, hello Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, there's a great book out About Kim Morsen, nobody gets out of here alive Ray, you might want to read it I got, I just got a Ray Man Zero, isn't Ah, no, this is life's story man You know, he's a legend, right? I got a story I got a story in his house I saw this in the middle of the night It's not the running man, but it's up to the actually Scott Glenn was one of the star characters and they borrow this guy's feed who finds a million dollars in a taxi cab. It's really good movie is on the middle of the night and I take cinema. Do you know the name of that movie? Never heard of the boy the street. The boy was feeding he still got away now. He went to real vision there or what a million dollars. Everything give me that name. Some of you are going to call somebody a facet and okay. All right. Okay, Valley thanks. Five six seven. Would you let him blow your feet for a million dollars? Sure. Why not? Well, in your case, what do you mean? You're always bouncing along like a schmoo. WQAM hello. Yes sir. Mr. Rogers. Mr. Rogers. Yes sir. Well, I just want you to know the roots of Chris is not the best place to go on. If you want to eat a nice take you go to Christie's. Yeah. It's called they were so you never choice. You don't pay all the cards. You get nice stakes and everything's off together. One price and good Chris needs very good. Yeah. Well, I appreciate that. And the so is root Chris. Well, okay. But if I was sitting a car and I'd make sure that you're a Christie's came out. Okay, Palin have a great time at Christie's. We'll see you say on a loot to Luke Christie's probably a headweight or something. No, Chris is very good. You're sitting there. I've been there several Christie's excellent. I've been there many times. It's an excellent place and this guy's worried about price. See a big shooter like me. I don't worry about price. Price is no object. Well, he would say, you know, because Ruth Chris and everything is all a card. You want the, you know, but everybody make reference like spinach or grotten or the broccoli or grotten. That's extra. If you want like a whole bunch of great side. This is the first of all. If you get the appetizer like that French onion soup all rotten with a thick cheese on top or like maybe the barbecue shrimp would have fantastic. Yeah, the barbecue. I mean, you're so nice. Big juicy steak or lobster, whichever you like. You don't really need a lot of accutrements to then. Unless you're just a total pig. You know what I'm saying. I mean, how much food reasonably can constitutes a big fat meal? Well, of course, I think back to those times they took their rumors to Ruth's Chris. And when I go there and now and I said to myself, how could you ever possibly have to as earth in this place? They got some very good desserts. But how could you ever eat dessert in a place that gives you that much food? And every time we went, they'd order dessert. We didn't wait in a course. I would do the same because I have no willpower. But is that embarrassing or what? To get to sir? Yeah. No, it's not a bad one. Well, no, the reason they were doing is because it was free because I was paying for it. That is embarrassing. I mean, like with Rimmer, I'm not sure. Oh, well, I'll have the extra large salad and the extra large this and they text the size of Rimmer. Now, everything had to be the biggest and the most because he wasn't paying for it. Oh, man. What a snore, Rimmer. And the bad news for Doug McLean is they got a Ruth Chris and Columbus. So you can imagine how much is going on the expense of kind of there for the straight jackets? It's probably a legend. All I know is finally wearing him QA and hello. I want to recommend the movie. Yes, sir. They live. They live. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. It's amazing. What happens in this movie is that it's aliens from another planet. You know, not alien aliens from another planet. You legally aliens. We got plenty of those. And the aliens are just like the Republicans in Bush. You love them. Yeah. We strongly recommend you see it. How old is it? I don't know. I saw in a couple of days ago. I got it at a library. I don't know how old is. I would say not more than five years. It's from 88. Is it really? Yeah. Why did you look it up? I did. Josh looked it up. And it'll work there not too much. But he looked at me. I'm going to go on and see if they got into the store. I think you'll love it. Thanks a lot, Palin. Hey, live. I wrote it down. Before you do that, yes. It's a rotty pipe or movie. Routty, Routty, Piper. Yeah. So you know, it's like one of those USA B. But sometimes this is good. Oh, yeah. I'm just like, you know, movie with Routty, Routty, Piper could be good. Well, how about Lori Piper, Piper high school? Five, six, seven, five, 60. How about K P X? I think we're going to start sound look at us. And W K P X. Then we can drown out metal loud Spanish. Like, which we're going to background. It is bad. Is it really? Oh, yeah. Now, what? What is the scudder bus since you're there? And I'm not. What isn't anybody saying anything about it in the building or the third in Iowa? Or did you just, they just pretend we're here and we will see no evil lights in the deal. I was going to turnpike the other day from county line road. And you could almost not even hear, I think I forget who was the big goes on. You could even hear him while you heard was like salsa. Well, if you couldn't hear him, that's not all bad. Oh, see what I'm saying. In fact, maybe that wasn't even at Spanish language. Maybe the big always like bringing in his own salsa music to go with it. Trying to like, Cubanize this station. The big. Oh, he is so bad. He's just so he has no clue what he's talking about. But anyway, all right, screw puts rumsel on the spot over Afghan dead. You know, rumsel is going to go. It's just a matter of time. In fact, where's the article about from what's his name? From what's his name? From what? Play, there it is. John McCain, you see, you heard this right? No. John McCain said yesterday he has no confidence in Secretary of Defense Donald rumseled, setting rumseled handling it or in Iraq and the Faders send more troops. Speaking to the AP and our long interview, McCain said his comments were not a call to for rumseled resignation explaining that the president could have a team that he once around him. I have strained you, isly argued for larger troop members in Iraq, including the red kinds of troops, linked with special forces, civil affairs, etc. said McCain, there were very strong differences of opinion between my self and secretary rumseled on that issue. When asked if rumseled was a liability to the Bush administration, McCain responded, the president can decide that not me. Now, an international right group said it knows of more prisoners dying in U.S. military testing Afghanistan and called on Washington to reveal details of the cases. In the open letter to Hermione Gering rumseled, human rights watched reveal two new cases of deaths in custody and demanded an investigation into a third that took place three months ago. It's time for the U.S. to come clean about crimes committed by U.S. forces in Afghanistan, Brad Adams, A to the Vision Director for Human Rights Watch, said yesterday. Chris Gray, spokesman for the U.S. Army's criminal investigation commander, Washington later told where it is another two prisoners who died in U.S. detention, bringing the total number to eight. The two new cases mentioned by the HR evidently, the rumseled, the ball bedath of an Afghan Army soldier mistakenly arrested with seven others in March last year and suspected murder of another detainee in 2002. And of course, not a list. This one here and that one there and this one died over there. The right group had earlier taken the U.S. military to task over deaths of three other detainees, including two of the grammar based in the December 2002 that were ruled as homicides by U.S. military pathologists. So they're dying over there and they were responsible and the rumseled has got to go. He has got to go. Is there any doubt about it? No, you're going. And the irony of it is there's a lot of people pointed out that just about everybody else 90% of the cabinet bailed out. They were asked to leave or, you know, they made it look good. Like, oh, well, they're all resigning to do other things like towel for example. They all bailed out. But rummese felt and chained the course of E.P. They're still around because that's what it's all about. These are the guys that call me chance. That's the trial and pertinent. What is your statement? I'm almost tempted to play that thing again. No, what? You didn't like that Joe Lieberman? I do, but I just don't like him. Oh, and now Mr. Dan can't paint the bottle for the Joe Lieberman presidential campaign hung behind the sprang of people, northeast jailers America, Rambo in…? It's lengthwise. 877 Meghan Pe Records say WQM. The way the sadsties ball today is something that it waits just like a moment day. Mistless of the things because he said he's sick with his butt. He's all juiced up for a moment. Yeah, yeah. First it was the terrorist like the T.R.B. The guy here with the neck bigger than the animal tree. But Jason can't play better on a T.R.C. because it's what? He's all juiced up for a moment. Yeah, yeah. Well, Jason claims he never used a stop for a bonus text. Say you, Jim, his complexions grow. Well, it looks more fun than odds and odds. But he only benefits the way for very mild. He does, and he can't roll off the throne. Guess they should've told him not to have that belt go. When he makes way, we can't have the unblocked assessment. He's all juiced up for a moment. Yeah, yeah. His muscle, his juice, that real range. Jason, to you, I'll be you. Look, the range that someone said, your voice has changed. You can't find it. I don't know what all the fudges have found. It's just all the sense he's involved in the end as all he's been thinking. But in ways to dislike a moment of Jim, Miss muscle, the season goes he said he's the same. But guess what? He's all juiced up for a moment. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah. He's all juiced up. I'm 133 at 5, 60, WQM. I'm sending a story to Eric right now. So just hold on. There you go. Okay. Why just had a finish deck? Because doing the show, I like go, yeah. Get some of the way some of this stuff. And Eric sends it to Josh, maybe if Eric's in the right mood, doesn't over eat. Well, actually, it's just automatically comes to me. Oh, really? Yeah. So in other words, I blamed Eric the other day, and it was your fault? What do you mean? I'm Saturday? No. Saturday, don't you remember I told you I said all those stories in about time. I told you I uploaded, see, what how it works is. I uploaded the stories. Yeah. He puts them up. But again, oh, so in other words, it still goes back to Eric. Back in his big fat hands. I mean, I don't want you to pass the bucket unless of course it turns out. But it's true that it was Eric screw up that we didn't give the stories on until like nine o'clock Sunday night. You can say it. You don't have to be such a worse. What's he going to do, yeah? What's he going to do to you? Huh? He's going to come down and sit on you. So what he's going to do, I mean, the show he wasted 100 pounds. He made the beast look like many of us. But he wasn't going to do. He's not coming all the way down from Orlando during the holidays. And maybe after New Year. Well, we have got more spyingless gutless people around that building. It's just amazing to me. Why don't you just come out to us and say, Eric is the one that screwed up. That's he apologized. He sent me an email. Oh, sorry about that. He screwed up. Well, if he apologized, and that's the case, you know. He said that. Okay. He said, but of course, Josh had a lot to do with it. Protest lost against him. Clear political groups said the TV broadcaster is filling the nation's airways with the Republican bias. A coalition of liberal political groups has launched the nation by protest against him. This against him clear broadcast group. Characters remember to sing for a gas. Is that still around? You said the dinosaur logo. Huh? Remember sing for a gas. Gas stations? No. And had a dinosaur on it. Anyway, charging that the 62 station TV broadcaster, which was also the target of intense criticism during the presidential campaign, is misusing public airways with partisan news programming. Of course, they are absolutely correct. The groups led by media matters for America. Today is announcing a campaign to pressure St. Claiser advertisers with letters. The campaign is one of the first broad attempts to re-energize liberal political activists in the wake of the Democrats' electoral debate in November. Others involved include move on.org, free press, campaign from America's future, working assets, all printed media channel and filmmaker Robert Greenwald, who made out Fox. A film released in the summer that led your Republican bias at Fox News channel. How come I never watched that out Fox? Was that a good? I did say. There's another one for your list. The anti-shinter campaign will be run to a new website. Sinclairaction.com. The main focus of the protest is not really the point commentary about Mark Hyman, who's Sinclair Schkooksman also oversees the company's Washington lobbying. A recent media matters in the list of the point editions from November 2 to December 1 found that the commentaries repeatedly attacked former Democrat to candidate John Kerry, former president Clinton and other Democratic politicians. Hyman has referred to the Democrats as the angry left, charging that there's a liberal bias in the media and expressed support for Bush administration policies. The commentary he airs on about 40 of the 62 states that secure own programs or manages reaching about a fourth of US homes with TV. All the propaganda all the time. That's US TV. That's all you're going to get. Suddenly comedy central and who knows where else. Federal background check on Bernie Kerik. For that guy, it's just amazing what a thorough job they do. You know what? They couldn't find those terrorists when we were here running around the country before 9-11. First there was the lost son. Now comes the lost wife. This is from News Day. Investigators conducting a background check of Bernard Kerik last week. His part of his conformation hearings. I covered that the then secretary of Homeland Security nominee was married to a woman he is apparently kept secret for the past 20 years. I mean, this guy's got more slime than the thing. I'm sure you saw the thing. Friends of his said that we're not aware of the woman in Kerik did not acknowledge the marriage and his bestselling autobiography, the lost son, a life and pursuit of justice. Instead he wrote about only two marriages. One way New Jersey woman named Jacqueline, whom he married 1983, winning was 28. And one of his current wife, Halah, whom he married 1998, even though currently he had been screwed around with two other bras. But Kerik, who with you as name for consideration for the nation's top security post on Friday, was also married to the former Linda Hales in North Carolina. Nice job, W. You know how to pick him, baby. Kerik and Hales who was since remirited, changed the name to priest. Priest. Or married August 10, 1978 when she was 27 and he was a three week chef 24 according to a lawyer, Ronnie Mitchell. They separated in 82, were officially divorced June 6, 1988, three-months old children of the day. And Kerik's book, however, he wrote that he married Jacqueline in the winter of 1983, raising questions about whether his first and second marriage is overlapped. You following that? Yeah. In New Jersey marriage records, and not over the public, and news, they couldn't ask her to tell you the date of her daughter, Kerik's message to, marriage to Jacqueline Kerik. In his book, though, he laid a how and when he met her. He wrote that by December 81, he had left North Carolina, returned in New Jersey, a short time after he arrived back in his day to a state-emitted woman named Jacquie through woman visiting an inmate, housed in jail where Kerik worked as a guard. And October 82 left the sack for a security position in a Saudi Arabian hospital, but found I missed Jackie. After four months in Saudi Arabia, we are so humbled and in Jersey, we were quickly engaged in married heroine. We hung in London, Spain, when I returned to Riyadh, and Jackie went back to the states. He wrote that he returned in Jersey, few months later in the spring of 1983, then he returned to Saudi Arabia with Jacqueline. When questioned yesterday, an aide to Kerik maintained a contrary to what he wrote in his autobiography, Kerik married Jacqueline, September of 83. The aide said Kerik also recalls that he and Linda Kerik divorced in 81 or 82, and after what they made a mutual agreement between the two of them ever to talk about it. Just like he's at restaurant in Jersey. Never just, it was a little talk about it. The aide said that before Kerik was nominated to hit online security in form of black house officials about the previous marriage to Linda Hales, like Kerik kept his marriage to her a secret otherwise remains a mystery that we need Robert Stackback to one solve. In fact, this sounds like the kind of guys you see on that show. In our own solve mysteries are of our choice. And you see these guys that like, you know, they were professional jigalose, they married one rich brother over here, and they were like married to four different women at the same time. Real shady character. Right. Shady, Kerik, they're exactly absolutely correct. A long time post police friend of Kerik speaking on the condition of anonymity, of course, so Kerik never spoke of that marriage to any of his friends. He also did not mention his marriage to Linda Hales and the scores of interviews and gave for out his 10 years in my PD police commissioner. And his 1061 page out of biography he apparently refers to or only as an unnamed woman. Before I left for the Middle East, he wrote, I had fallen hit over Hales for a beautiful southern bill, but after our return, we quickly realized it wasn't meant to be. Priest was the county clerk and the Cumberland County Courthouse and Faveville North for Lana, didn't respond to phone calls, but instructed Mitchell her lawyer to do so. Mitchell said Priest and Kerik met while he was a military policeman station at Fort Bragg and she was in the system county court. And she said, I just didn't get along and didn't work out. His guys, every day there's more George Judy laundry, maybe he is just a real piece of crap. And he was going to be director of Homeland Security. Right? Yep. Wouldn't you feel real confident with him and now of course it looks like maybe Julie Berberman? Oh, I mean, you could put a little noodle in Charger Homeland Security and have somebody with a stronger backbone than old Julie Berberman. Yeah, he'll keep us safe. Yeah, now that he's not going to be in the Senate if he actually takes that job, which I doubt but if he did, he's out of the Senate. Now he won't have any excuse anymore, not to wear his as a full brigade, you know, the tallest in the Yamukar and the Sitzes in the whole deal, you know? Right. Can we still say Sitzes? No. Like I said in the 20. Well, she might still be in a building. 20 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM. Hey, let me tell you right now speaking of dirt or a lot of dirt on Brey Kerik and a lot of dirt in your carpeting. If rock concepts can't clean up or any Kerik, even even all the body wash in the world isn't going to clean that slime ball up. But as far as your carpeting is concerned, dry concepts do it on the leaveable job of making them look and feel and smell just like brand new. That's why I've been used in for over 20 years in all of my various homes. And you should be doing the same effect. Once you're called dry concepts, I'll bet your Bernie Kerik's life on it. You wouldn't read what call anybody else ever again because they the only ones in the world who dry clean your carpes. It sucks out the deep down dirt and the fibers of your carpet leaves and looking brand new. They smell like an any fresh, they're dry in an hour and a half to two hours. And you really can't clean today and entertain the light. So with the holidays here, whether it's now or after the holidays are all over, or not, you're painting the highest guests are gone. Get your house looking fantastic, and thanks to our good friends at dry concepts. And you know, in the carpet cleaning business, one of the most famous deals going around is those 595 room scams, not a dry concepts that give you a written guaranteed price up front every time before they even start doing work. So whether it's your carpeting, your furniture, drapery, expensive area, rugs, or any of the rugs, or all of these things, call our good friends at dry concepts today. And they brought in Palm Beach's, it's a tool for you call 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, run the work in way of its dry concepts.com. Your things and new ruggers are the same as the 5-6-7-2-8-M. And this is G Gordon-Litty, and they don't come anywhere else than new ruggers. Likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers in here, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likes, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, like kn memo, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers. Likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers, likeers I didn't know but it's not me who's so baby tell me but see you so I'm here to see you I got it on my clothes I am eating like that I'm gonna take my clothes up I'm eating like this dude don't take off all your clothes I am eating like this I'm gonna take my clothes up I'm gonna take my clothes up I'm gonna take my clothes up I'm gonna take my clothes up I'm gonna take my clothes up Okay, so our team are applesauce I'm mixing both I'm mixing together man Oh man, just put it all over Oh god, what a cow You're probably not even a gribbinous You never had gribbinous Like onions fried and chicken fat It just goes right to your heart No, it gives you an instant or a claw At least we gotta have something going on this time You know what is chenooka business we gotta pay to lock is we got riddles to spin Corquish it across them over I was thinking that when I was starting to play that bit I was thinking Corquish should have brought you over some of that great brisket Oh, I think like When I be green Well, we might as well kid you're right on the air At least you'll have a smile on your face And of course, Josh being the boy that he is He probably never even had to be like that We could know that I actually had to pay to pay That's good Right now Let me just say this to you Okay, the ones from corquish are great Yes, the best potato pancakes are the ones that are real thin Real thin and crisp You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, now the ones from corquish are a little bit like plump They're like with their bread They're great, but the best ones like my bubble used to make My grandma used to make a real thin and like flat That's plagey and more, so you'll feel clear What do you say? Let's think an hour to Mazda on show Everybody's taking our time, let's say something Who's gone? That's played a door And so a little bit 10, 30 night, what do you say? Oh, all the people that you say How anybody could not like the doors I would say it's got to be a communist If you know like the doors I got a new door with a high degree Common Easter, come on Easter Oh, right I think you still alive You're just 7-level with Elvis He's probably in a pickle leg It's 7-level right up to Steve right now He's working on it Maybe he didn't watch you You can step on it Maybe you are a fool You never be a district You have to say that you keep stepping on local 5-670560, pound-560 And have arrived in the singing of a wireless line We got two poles going today Why is the B-searched jerk and why do you hit him so much And there should be a law again What do we got going on there? We got 460 votes, that's not too bad For this time of the day What time we start about 10-46? 10-4614 There should be a law against organized religion 87, oh I liked that a lot That was my vote Stupid people breeding 82, that was my vote Using cell phones in a movie theater Or restaurant 78 Retired people driving during rush hour 50 Stupid people voting 32 Writing a check at a grocery or retail store 32 Commercials at movie theaters is got But third man Screaming kids at a restaurant 14 Screaming kids on an airplane five Using the word closure five And locker room interview is still as only one I don't know why that one's on there You know what I mean? Yeah I'm sorry the locker room interview is what bothers me Are the press conferences after sporting events Back in the day we never had never heard of such a thing But now air every single game No matter how many of us it may be We have to have these dumb jokes in the coaches Sitting in front of a microphone Contentivating to the sports writers there Yeah Go, go, go, go, go, go, go Who now gives a crap what they got to say Who why do I care? People hang on every word Well, no only to people listen to Q&A sports nerds Only that crowd the people listen to it It's 790 ESPN radio How's that a bastard doing by the way anybody listen to him? No, what a jerk I think he's even worse than your friend No, no, no, no, no, no In some way That can't be possible WQA Q&A MLO B L Gold or RQ Yeah, okay WQA MLO Yes sir Yeah, I don't They couldn't put our little minute Because they don't work on Saturday Oh, that's right, forgot about that good point Oh, yeah, we never be safe on Saturday, right? That'd be the new slogan never on a showbiz Don't be attacking us on showbiz baby Because the online security director he's shluff and he's in shul Very good point If they put him in charge, I'm going to Canada Well, that's right, I'm already in Canada Five cents And with good reason baby Good reason Wow Sun is shining, look at that blue skies out there It's beautiful And let me take a look at the up to the main temperature In case poly and cancer nervous system Okay, I want to like to repeat the Toronto weather Oh, it's minus 7, it's pretty toasty in And warmer What's that about like 20 degrees is a Fahrenheit? My son is an IV And I'm going to reach a high minus 6 today It's one of those days where like you know like this Because you live up north You sit inside and you look out to window When a sun is shining it's clear and it just It looks beautiful It looks like if you walk that side will be like about 75 You know? Yeah, the trees are glistening Right Absolutely And it's freezing over here But it's okay You dress for it Of course And if sure it's how beat set those four hurricanes I'll tell you that Especially those three that were going on in September Five six seven Oh, that was done with the worst four days I know how to pick a man Just like Bush He can pick his cabinet members I know how to pick my vacations And my trips to Florida Those four days that I set there a lot like a prisoner Like Patrick McGoat in the house That was not not good And we were lucky That was in the power For about 30 seconds I was about it WQAM Hello Any other? Yes sir I got the website for wallguys It's 911 in cleansite.com 911 in plainsite.com And what's on it? You gotta see it's awesome Clitch of 911 footage It's about it It's halted by a guy named Dave He's vanclife He's making a talk He even traced Yeah He's making a documentary on it It's actually on sale Actually on the 12th of December So it should be ready to be up Okay, I'll take it I'll take a peek Okay, thanks Let's play some more doors Actually one of the best songs they were did was This one Bush Bush Bush Bush Oh my he was a pseudo intellectual That's your more so right Right Bomb hits the green zone for second time in two days For the second day in a world Boy, they got some service over there Maybe a lot of dead people A lot of people would know arms, no legs You know that's the price of freedom That's the price of democracy Maybe for the second day in a row Iraqi insurgents today Strip with a car bomb near a western chick Find into Baghdad's green zone And official with Baghdad's Yarmuk Hospital Said among his casualties were two dead in 13 wounded Nor reports the US casualties today yet Some of the internet hospital's holtian And the bombing was a suicide attack All the crazy suicide bombers all the time Maybe Jim Morrison committed suicide Maybe he drank himself into a stupor Into a drunken stupor If he gets possible How about William Holden? They found him with a bottle in his hand True Then she loved William Holden He was great in that work He was unbelievable, yep Yeah, I love it in the beginning of the movie He and Howard Beale get in drunk together For the first time he took a thousand story Two or three times during the movie But he took the story about taking me to the foot of the George Washington Pretty good Great Don't do it buddy, you're a young guy You made your whole life ahead of you He's a great William Holden 560, 505, 60 pound, 50 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Land Let's get in three or four thousand good calls About the beast between now and two What do you say? Come on, I wanted to give him a kiss And the one guy I was like trying to keep you alive That was great That was a good call He was wasting his time spending his wheels In fact, since you saw the movie Now that you give me a little inspiration Because when Dom Dellawees finally found his love and thrift His nice lovely girl in the gift shop But every day I was with her candleob Whatever she was pearly Then all of a sudden he had something to do So instead of having a few lunches all the time He was like going out and having a good time And getting laid once a while and things like that And all of a sudden he bulked down quite a bit And I was at working for you or not Not exactly Why not? Is your girlfriend fat? No, but you see a good cook I'm probably the better cook I love the cook Is she making potato locus with sour cream and apple sauce? No, but we have picked them up from corkeys What a cow What a... From corkeys you live on Brickle There's no corkeys in date County anymore I know there's one in the Pillar Pines wherever So you drive all the way over there to pick up potato locus I'll go the distance for a good lucky You know I can back in the day man when we had the What was it called? The Villa Deli? I'm out and wrote on the beach Remember that? No. Oh man, these two deliver us food And I would do one I worked at KAT I was to go there in the eat Oh man was that a great place I'm out and wrote Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, that's so good man Back in the day man, of course there were a lot of Jews on the beach in the days There were people smoking, we were Jews And now of course then we had the Kubanoza came And then we had the hip-hop crowd And everybody's flying out of there They stood up the upper chair Oh the upper chair market Yeah, hi, he's Zey That's good I love the upper chair You'll get such a heartburn Just when you walk in the door before you eat anything You'll have a heartburn But you have a smile on your face It's delicious 1250, I'm telling you man And if we only had the famous I guarantee you never ate it the famous Oh brother That may have been the best restaurant in the history of South Florida was the famous On the Washington Avenue Sixth Street, I believe in Washington Avenue Where they had the big bowl of pickles on the table And then they would bring it to the If there was like three or four, they'd bring the moths Of all soup and a big like a tub Like an asshole Wow And they had the fried crepe lock And every, of course, a bottle of salsa Run every table just so You could grip something gas 12th, oh sorry Joyce 1257 at 560WQA And the guest coming for the holidays Are you wondering what to do with that dirty old schmutzie Carpeting in your home? Now's the time to get rid of that carpet Replace it with lamented Or hardwood flooring from lamented designs Visit lamented designs Sure, we're on an 8280 state road at E4 and Davy And choose from over 400 samples on display Bring in the new year with a new lamented hardwood floor Starting as low as 399WQA Call 1-877-8-Laminate to set up a free No obligation in home estimate For what you do with your suffers out there Laminate designs has cash and carry flooring As low as 90 cents the square foot Restrictions apply Laminate designs is located in Davy just off I-595 between Penal or Rotary University drive The show was open every day Monday through Saturday from 9 in the morning Till 430 in the afternoon And on Sunday in those hours that are so familiar And the listeners of the show when we used to be on Sunday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Call 1-877-8Laminate That's 1-877-8L-A-M-I-N-A-T-E 8-Laminate for a new lamented or hardware floor From lamented designs The flooring company where service comes first 1-877-8Laminate For the signature meal Roger On the 8th School of Contest On 566-8-U-A It's the VAM-2-2-L-A Hi, V-E One in 7 Americans suffers from a terrible affliction And while others find it funny To those who have it It's no laughing matter It's called frequent burping syndrome It's terrible I'll be on a date Or a business meeting And And Please Excuse me See? See what happened? Frequent burping syndrome If you're ruined your life But it doesn't have to Now there's a clinic that can help Trains specialists Sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers A special place Known as burp inders Gosh, burp inders saved my life And I go in and I wear and love I really wanted to ask it a merry me But I just knew that when the moment of truth came I'd let out with a big ripper You know S p p p p p p Burp inders No shame, no guilt No more tummy rumbling Belches no more stopping in midsittance To uncorporate a big cheesy blaster Just caring professionals And to help you need Don't wait Here's the number to call 5 5 2 8 7 6 5 5 5 Burp inders Call today And stop being so gross 1 0 2 5 6 I'll be here I need that badly What's in? I have a horrible belching problem Oh, I can't imagine why And you probably have a horrible farting problem 2 I had to gas all around Well people eat a lot And then they're big in an eye should know Man I fart up a storm Only alone of course Horrible Right, my girlfriend is wearing masks That was that over her eyes Over her nose She's a horrible Her both It's just a full face Wow I'm trying to think Oh, I know it was a woodbond A few weeks ago I was standing waiting for a machine Very patiently not I don't have no patience I'm kind of like covering me for I'm some people And some of these people are keep sticking Another 20 and I get out of there already I'm going to put this down And man I caught someone A worst cheese in the history of the human race And of course naturally now you start Tipto and away like, oh, it wasn't me You know, you don't say anything You just with a very straight face start And you could see the The hair wilting on the heads of these Two or three people sitting within Ranged you know, oh, brother That was bad You're right When you're a big cow And of course when you have a irritable bow It's not very much to have a high bay Yes, all fat people have irritable bow Well, it's a Jewish thing too Oh, is it really? Yeah, Jewish bow It's a story I'm not only wishes Well, she doesn't anymore because she's dead But she only wish that she would Add irritable bow Because at least she would have been doing something She would have been like Beethoven And had several movements Well, that works both way You know, I know that Well, she had the not-do in part Right If I could tell you how many times she had It's told me every time about how she used to take it She took a laxative And she was a little girl Every day So it's kind of interesting That when she died it was because of intestinal problems Right, just a coincidence I'm sure Although 91 like I said is plenty old enough Now Frank rich rights in the or times The plot against sex in America You're not going to make it to 91 You're not going to make it to 41 Maybe 42 No I'm telling you right now Now I'm not on the right You're right because you just think it's a joke See with me I'm fat I'm like this morning 91 Which is not good For me it's not too bad And I need to be like 165 I would say it would be a safe way for me to like stay alive But at least I'm working at it In between the feeding and the gigantic tubs of ice cream But in between that I'm working at it But you with you You just don't care That's how to try go through phases Yeah But the losing phase is very seldom And he's like once in a blue moon Right And why is that? You have a death wish No Then what is it? It's just, you know, I don't know It's like the four times And I can't help myself It's easy to stuff food in your mouth Frank Wich in the York Times Right I had a line for that But of course Joyce is a rock He says when they start pushing the panic button over Moral values at the blue list of TV channels Public broadcastings WNET and the blue list of cities in New York You know this country is Entering a new cultural trial I'd zone The article is called the plot against sex in America Oh, see there you go Just we wait Saturday Election Channel 13 Killed a spot for the acclaimed movie Kinsey And which Lee and Neeson Stars is the pioneering any university sex researcher Who first led Americans know that non-marital sex is a Non-asay national pastime And that women have orgasms too And that masturbation and homosexuality Do not lead to insanity At first WNET said it killed the spot Because it was too commercial and too provocative A tough case to make about a routine Sudo add interchangeable with all the other Sudo adds that run on commercial free PBS Dead escalation quickly became an operative Anyway the Kinsey distributor Fox Search Light Let the press see an email from an National Public broadcasting media manager stating that the real problem was the content of this movie And controversial press ray group Speaking out against the movie's Sign Subject Matter that vib brain viewer complaints Maybe in the end child 13 got too many complaints about its own Howard is because by last week in response to my Incorries it had a new story That email was all a big mistake and unforced In miscommunication hatched by some poor name Flunky and marketing This would be funny for an also a serious And if we're in anomaly Yet even as the Kinsey Scott was barred in New York A public radio station north to Alina WNCFM told an international women's rights Organization based in Chapel Hill That it could not use the phrase reproductive rights in On the announcement In Los Angeles five commercial TV channels Scribring in Ds and C-pindleys We've used a broadcast of public service Foccrated by LA County Zone Public Health Agency To counteract a rising status syphilis Nationwide the big 3 TV never saw a band in Aden which the United Church of Christ Herald in the open of some of its 6000 Conversations to gay couples Such rapid fire post-thalction events We're now in the middle of the country The first time we've seen a lot of people In the middle of the country The first time we've seen a lot of people In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country In the middle of the country The book stormed the culture With such force The Kinsey was featured in almost every major National magazine A time-covered story Lekend is books assessed A gone with a wind Even pop music page Average with the rubber faced Comic Martha Ray selling Half-Mid and copies of U Dr. Kinsey And cold porter immortalizing The Kinsey reports sizzling impact And a classic stand-up in two darn hot The Vicaral pull is a time found The three quarters of the public approved Kinsey's work Not everyone welcome the idea That candor might supply ignorance And shame in the national conversation Billy Graham predictably said the publication of Kinsey's research Would do untold damage to the already deteriorating morals of America Some are less predictably Dr. David Halberstein writes in the fifties There are times at first refused to accept advertising for Kinsey's book Such history would seem ancient only months ago As gained an urgency since the election day As politicians and the media like pander that Supposed to 22% of moral values voters Or back where we came in Bill Condon who wrote and directed Kinsey Started working on this project in 1999 And didn't hear it to any political climate The film is a straightforward telling of the of its subject story His thoroughness and bisexuality and his thoroughness And bisexuality included Confirming and brought out line to the facts Is laid out by Kinsey's most recent biographers But not unlike Philip Ross taught against America Which reinforces back to an air American air overlapping Metacinzy This movie however unintentionally taps into anxieties The feel and terrorly contemporary That child 13 would even cleanly block it Kinsey As the times long ago did At the actual Kinsey is not a coincidence As for the right wing groups that have targeted the movie With a without seeing it They're the usual suspects many of them determined to recycle false accusations That Kinsey was a pedophile As if that might somehow make the actual pedophilia scandal And one church go away But this crowd doesn't just want with less of Kinsey's scalp He died in 56 Empowered by that election day moral values pull result It's pressing for a whole host of second term gifts from the Bush administration Further rule backs of stem cell research case civil rights Puck-witted sightings at NFL games and dare I say it aloud We productive rights for women If you have weaklings around who don't share your biblical values Shadow yourself of them wrote by Jones the third Present to the eponymous South Carolina University Depresent in Bush after the election Puts your agenda on the front burner and let it boil Such as the perceived code of this Republican base of government agencies like the FCC The need only burp and 66 frightened ABC affiliate instantly dump the never broadcast So that in decent movie saving private Ryan on Veterans Day In the case of Kinsey the traditional values coalition is called for a year long boycott of all movies released by Fox When he have hypocrisy we've come to respect it doesn't ask his members to boycott foxes corporate sibling and the Murdock Empire Fox News But such organizations don't really care about Kinsey and art house picture that however well reviewed or astronomically We'll be seeing by relatively small audience mostly in the blue states The film is just this month's handy pretext for advancing the larger goal of pushing sex of all non-bibble crimes back into the closet And underbinding any scientific findings whether circa 1948 or 2004 then my challenge fundamentalist sexual orthodox CS successfully is Darwin challenge Genesis Though that's it says two is in doubt the Washington Post report that this year some 40 states are dealing with challenges to the teaching about Loosen in public schools Kinsey is almost uncanny helpful guy to how these old cultural fault lives have emerged from their tomb virtually unchanged among Kinsey's on screen And antagonist is university hygiene instructor who states with absolute seritude that absence is the only cure needed to stop civil a sound familiar and two With the moral values crusaders the website for the federal centers for disease control and prevention is obscured and downplay the important information That condoms are overwhelmingly effective in preventing sexually transmitted diseases a nonprofit organizations supporting comprehensive sex education Advocates for youth publicized this sub diffusion has been rewarded with three government audits of its finances in eight months Elsewhere in Kinsey we watch desperate students pepper their professor with a series of uninform questions can too much sex caused cancer the suppressing sexually disstudying the too much masturbation caused premature ejaculation Though that sequence takes place in 1939 you can turn on CNN December 2004 and watch genievine who would of the family research council repeatedly refused five times according to the transcript to disown the idea that masturbation can cause pregnancy Mislow was being asked about that on crossfire because a new congressional report spearheaded by the California Democrat Henry Waxman shows that various Fictions of John science like AIDS being spread by tears and sweat for example and turned up as dog by an absence only sex education programs in which American taxpayers have On some $900 million and five years right now. This is the only kind of sex education that a government supports even though science is that accidental programs don't work or maybe kind of productive A recent call to the University study found that teens who make virginity pledged to delay sex until marriage still have preferable sex at a high rate 88% Ryeveling those that don't but are less like of these contraception once they do in California huge blue state Now the fews is to accept federal funding for absence only curriculums and has a 40% fall off and teenage pregnancy over the past decade second only to Alaska No matter what the senses may accomplish elsewhere the pop culture revolution since kinsies are raised in little jeopardy and a nation of district housewives 2 darn hot As become the national anthem a movie like kids you will do just fine the more protest the more publicity and the larger the box office But if Hollywood will always survive off-screen Americans are being damaged by the cultural war over sex that is being played on in real life You see that when struggling kids are denied the same information about sexuality that was kept from their antecedents and the pre-consy area You see that when pharmacists in more more states and forth around moral values by refusing to feel women's contraceptive prescriptions and do so with the test or official approval of local officials You see when basic information and my prevents the spread of lethal diseases is suppressed by the government because of favors political tandering over scientific fact While sexual behavior in a human male was received with a certain amount of enthusiasm and relief by most Americans in 1948 The atmosphere changed radically by the time kinsie publishes follow-up volume sexual behavior in a human female just five years later by nineteen fifty three Tom McCarthy was in full throttle and his James H. Jones writes in his due dishes nineteen ninety seven kinsie biography Ultra conservative credit for the two skins you have eating communism by undermining sexual morality in the sanctity of the home Kinsie was an anti-soviet anti-nudial conservative but that didn't matter in an America rack by fear he lost the principal sponsor of his research The Rockefeller Foundation and soon found himself being hounded in part for a sympathetic view of homosexuality by the ambiguously gay homophobic J. Edgar Hoover and Clyde Tulson based on what we've seen in just a six weeks in selection date the parallel between that world or sex in our own may have just Bego The names are still got a fight for next story after the break and land a police shut down nude musical oh my god How you like that We're back in the stone age again long 14 at five sixty w q a and it's that wonderful time of the weekend unless you're one of those grinsues out there The heat set and of course maybe not good reason hated because of those crowded malls and log register lines and parking hassles and crazy while out of control shop As well make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones give my dialometres gifts certificate when you call tool free 1-800 mattress you can order a dialometres gift certificate The nomination and the new bed makes a perfect gift that lasts for years now when you call 1-800 mattress So seven additional twenty percent on select models of supplies last and two from the top names in a mattress business like surda See me Simmons King cross turns in foster hewitt and temporary to when you call 1-800 mattress You'll get same data every when you want like I've always been a dialometrist And you pick the date and time the tour when it wants convenient for you and guess what they show off in fact There might be probably a 99 points that record of being on time. What I just say you heard it They're right number one in the world of customers satisfaction. What is it the 2004 better business bureau local tour to excellence award? I've been using dialometres for years and if the old mattress is added just do the smart thing instead of wasting your time Gas money your baby and department stores and helping pay for their big overhead just make an easy phone call Just to write on your fat ass and call 1-800 mattress or log into their website at macros.com dialometres 1-800-MATTR-ES You're a gentleman 566 QA Okay, babies But the night why it's the same thing Is it for everyone? Absolutely I'm so this is Christmas When we sing we all like What if you listen to your girl? I wish you'd try to cry for my Oh Oh Thank you very Christmas now I can bloody well rest in peace One night, hey, how are you doing John Dammit, tell the headache well he sure got a lot of crap. You know poor John Linn even more than the linen sisters remember laying sisters and Lawrence well Come on a follow-up on a for sure you do not Hey, you know, I remember us a lot of follow-up on a fall. That's one thing you would didn't miss there should be a log against which one of these That's our pull question a 484 votes. It's not too bad considering it's like almost the end of chinuka right is that the old ends tomorrow? Maybe tonight tomorrow. Let's get it over with already again. Oh, would they have chinuka already and Of course Christmas all the glamour are shopping frantically for Christmas. There should be a log against organized religion 105 But that is you got your thumb right on that one man get rid of it eliminated van it stupid people breathing 94 how about stupid religious people breathing Well, it's redundant using cell phones and it will be theater a restaurant 88. I it's just it's becoming epidemic now everywhere you go on street cores and restaurants and taverns in anywhere no matter where you are There's some jackass all the time see about three thirty seven and ordered and come out. How about they're gonna make cell phone Cell phones legal and planes. Oh, yeah, see that won't have to be close. That'd be great some guy now Get channeful else for what it means some guy next to it. It'll be like a half dozen people in here in business class Pain the big bucks like I do in business class to try to get a little bit relaxing environment and little business from everybody I'll be like six people around you like one in front and one behind and then the other across the aisle And they're all babbling up a storm on the cell phone the whole trip. You just know it. Oh, I mean, I look I got a cell phone It comes in handy. It's nice to have a cage live, but the people are like live on it. I mean get a life already cut the crap and then We turned people driving during rush hour 59. Oh Stupid people voting 39 writing a check at a grocery retail store 36 commercials and movie theaters Not third man screaming kids at a restaurant 19 screaming kids on an airplane seven especially in first-of-business class They don't business being in there when you're gonna whenever I'm gonna soak you that kind of money to sit like like I said It'll relaxation a little bit of peace and quiet and they put a family with screaming kids up there little babies crying and screaming They somebody ought to be shot using the word closure six and locker-manivies still has only got one this audience likes locker-room interviews It's great. It's great listening to mad dog after the dolphins game That's what they want to hear. They want him in there getting the sense the feel right? Yep, and frankly the season that's there's probably in the highlight for a lot of these poor dolphins Is this hearing him try to like make something out of me? Bench of how manure Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. So anyway speaking of sex is illegal in America now Police shut down a bar that was showing a successful musical review featuring the nudity because the business didn't have an adult entertainment license This is Atlanta right the manager of the armory bar in midtown Atlanta dug youngblood said police overreacted Saturday night He said the show of the running since August and his feet are not adult entertainment the review naked boys singing has spent six years off Broadway in New York and Rochow versions are playing in several cities the gay theme show gay build as celebrating the splendors of male nudity and comedy song And dance feature six male actors who were in the buff for March of the performance. I say, Duff. They're in buff for March of the performance. Where's the out of vacation? Do you know I'd probably in the winland think that's where his family. I don't know what do I know where they do Six male actors who were in the Duff for March of the performance Three time close police officers went to the armory on Saturday watch part of the ATM show then shut the place down and he should Sightation to youngblood or speaking of the youngblood how about the bloodhound gang? Okay, I think that's enough of that. I think the other one's got some stuff and that's like right on the edge And when Joyce and Tau we see the one get her upset for irritable balls to act up again You have to investigate and if I if you what you're seeing maybe considered adult entertainment I suppose they feel needs to be shut down said police book and John quickly youngblood said was later a lot of we open the bar But the 10th be in performance was canceled the show received generally good reviews in New York City where rashes the 10th longest running off roadway show In August the city's trist bureau pulled the tremoloist to discounted offerings for visiting Republican delegates after the Republican National Convention Committee complain It wasn't suitable. Oh, excuse me Are you closet faggot's God like Mr. Fudge for example. She wouldn't be caught dead seeing a thing like that now Screamer Five six seven. Let's get a lot of calls in here. We need to support it after that tremendous start. We had I thought they were really gonna unload on you today But after that terrible story about your irritable bowel and on your internal problems in the fact that you can't stop eating and you're on a verge of like Eating suicide I guess they started feeling for a little bit now maybe or else they're all gone which is more likely 560 pound 560 and Verizon cigarette or rather's lines WQAM hello Yes, sir. Yes Brian on a mobile yes Brian. Let's go to Brian on a mobile hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah Who never me actually normal can't for the boy toy? I love bro. Oh, yeah the same Brian. Yeah, remember me Brian. What's that was his name? That's how with Mr. Eagle. No, what is his name Brian? I don't know what it is. No one on a normal said by the way Who is losing the sack five six seven. Oh five five six deep pound five six down a Verizon and sing it a wireless line An air cane remember Brian Craig excuse me Brian. How soon they for yet? Mr. Eagle Jr now he's a Steve King clone WQAM hello Hey, Neil what up how are you? Okay, Kelly. I want to comment on the cell phone thing you're talking about everywhere all the time I think what I found the travel channel was like red trumpet had cell phone booth Like phone booth so when you bring your own yeah, that was pretty cool and it's nice Yeah, and it's probably Britney Spears goes earlier. She's old news. I'll tell you with all those big pop hoties out there Avril of the inch of Cara forget about Britney yeah, however enough. She just turns 13. She had a beholder, huh? Yeah, but the Avril I mean she rocks too. Avril of the mean is you think how Avril of the mean is hot to the knowing All right, I love her music. I love her music and she's today. Oh well, what you know for me you wait Yeah, I was just about to say you were okay everyone calling fashion you grip of an ass man Okay, you're like Avril of means you like Ashley Simpson too. Oh no Ashley Simpson You're not still there like a lot of more set water beans. Al a nis more set Get out of here man. Al a nis back to Jesus Isn't Al a nis or came to pepperman Patty? That's seriously what are you talking about you don't like Avril of being I don't know that that's common Is that no one did got his punishing to make you were blow up like a like a bloom Avril of mean and Ashley Susan that you really are No, no See that's what you just saying the two year you're getting up again George likes Avril of means is fine George will be back next Monday. But look or something but not her music I'm not talking about her look. She's he's he's needle nose man. She's a pinhead But she's she's got a music pretty good. She's great for 13 year old eggs Get out of here. You're crazy man your taste is in your touch. That's what Claren said You would know man. He would 27 after one that's him at five 60 WQM Like I said she's Canadian. That's why I like her I guess I do not like what's in a no so Indian Oh She's horrible she is horrendous in fact even here they like to be for her center over to Iraq You know the holiday season is here and the folks that I'm strong for to homestead one I think all their loyal customers for the business and trust Everybody with a brain knows that Ford makes great vehicles to be competitive Armstrong Ford realizes need to offer more value so Armstrong was the first four-day to offer you this Unbeatable deal tires and batteries for life plus a Florida Sun pass with each be a vice president in general Managed David Rich and again also on me to rely on you that Armstrong Ford is always mighty competitive when it comes to price You can drive away right now at a brand new 2005 F-150 from just 13,938 or a newest edition for only 24 190 Great prices had a value in friendly service that's the unbeatable Armstrong difference When you're ready for a new vehicle come to the needle that treats you just like family Armstrong Ford a homestead you'll find him at Southwest 307 street US one Acid a Campbell drive right off the turnpike prices include all factory regrets and discounts of the fruit plus tax tag and fees happy holidays from our good friends at Armstrong Ford of homestead Like I said Armstrong Ford what I just do there. Oh, you know I did yeah, I had the bloodhound getting go Well, maybe they want to shop at Armstrong I'm dying out there Honey Honey Don't get to celebrate Christmas We are laughing they are crying they get caught for a day and No, we're on Christmas You're here I'm dying out there Honey Honey Honey Honey Every year you get past your love Shining through Shining through Let's go Let's go Oh Oh Oh Honey Honey Honey Honey You wish It's a pity Mother Mother You got wrong You got wrong Cause you don't have Christmas Day Yeah, you mean you don't have a Christmas tree in your house I'm over that one. I was a kid used to get there from the you're going on my client right You don't have a Christmas tree your parents don't know Oh, gee, you know Big deal so we don't have pine needles all over the floor either that is true To be my biggest problem that I don't have a Christmas tree I never did have a never will have because any kind of nothing with me any more than I have a A Mrs. Anodore or a menor on my counter or any of that any Chatskis You know right right to hear this yeah You are you are real peace I'm I'm going to take a mini pool who do you like better Avril Lavino the beast Oh, what? I can't believe you're putting me in the same context as her She's making some big bucks that is true There are people that covered her body even though I'm not sure why Well, of course he's on television Right A man has been charged with animal cruelty and gainsville for allegedly biting his jack Russell terrier as punishment And police say he used a 200 pound bull mastiff and an intent to keep back officers who arrived to arrest him Gainesville the city pick your forming in your mind now. Oh, yeah of this guy. Oh The mother of my and I see if you're going to do it do it right Okay The beef is seems like that now you've seen that I hope yes Thank you actually know what though I'll be honest with you. I didn't see it up until about two months ago Yeah, then I I noticed it was on like 3 a.m. one night so I t-voted and watched it There you go the liver is great sensational you didn't think so. Oh, I loved it. Oh, oh It's here to hell out of me. No, it's one thing. That's like Harval of being the one another thing and another whole category Not to like deliverance and mother of Mount Lee Lacy's girlfriend Mount Lee Lacy called police because he was considered about an argument between him and her daughter About Lacy's unusual this opponent for his dog lady. Maybe he likes biting ladies Officers kicked down the apartment door when they heard an argument and a barking dog Lacy or is Al Michael said I would say dog He said bull about 400 times last night bull the bull is on a 40 when we come back to bull. I like Al Michael for Quizzay and bull Have you noticed that now? Yeah, bull. But you pointed it out, but yeah, I had right since he since I plotted on up people and then I'll get blamed for that If you wouldn't have said anything, they wouldn't have noticed that that all has that the bull Lacy was holding the massive named breaker on a Tottley 16 inside the door the officers do their guns but didn't fire Lacy 21 was handcuffed in jail said it out One county to tell him the animal cruelty and resisting rest without violence. He remained in the electrical county jail on 25,000 dollar bail today The county public defenders orifice said it's not representatively see and couldn't be determined if he's had an attorney He said that biting the dog was good punishment and that's how you train them the dogs bites So that's what they understand since our to keep came out. I never thought about that. Jeez, hey, tiny why make come back. Let's try it again. That's just a I mean how come I know you're laughing my dogs never bit they weren't fighting dogs When officer went to check on lady she was cowering in the back of her crate as if the officer was going to hurt her Felicia port ladies less front paw was bloody from the bite Jack Russell Terry is normally way 10 to 16 pounds just like little tiny if you're in flipping into your breaking skin The dog is responding to pain. You're not doing any good said pp per year old It won't please that's his name peppy per year. I say pp you say peppy a former police officer operates a dog training school nearby high springs Well, there's one formation for it. Don't fight your jack Russell Terry. Okay, he meets jack Russell. They might want to bite him on here, but not the portable lady Now let's see who you like better. Avril Lavender the beast. Huh? Yeah, it might be close. I like myself better 5 670 560. I mean I like her videos. I'm not seeing she makes great music. But her videos are cute. They're fun. What's wrong with her? Come on. What do you like 16 and middle school? I mean no, now how about the aqua do you like aqua? I'm a Barbie girl right. Oh my god. Look. I'm not saying it's good music, but it's fun. Oh, you got no sense of humor. I'm not talking about the song talking about the video. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but the problem with Avril is, she portrays herself as like this punk rocker, and yes, things are hot music. I'm an angry teenage girl. That's all sticky. You think, like we're gonna take that seriously? But for you to compare it to Ashley Simpson, I think people have been, they've been, uh, drawn in quarter for us. And let the same person get out of here the same person, oh my, do you want to hear that? Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil. Speaking, hey, how you doing man? Pretty good, pal. Yeah, yeah, I was just calling about the devil to be in. Yeah, I can be all hung up on him and her. I'm all hung up on her. I'm not hung up on her at least. I just said she's okay. That's all in Sam hung up on her. Are you hung up on her? Yeah, I don't really. She's not. I don't think he's that damn hot. Yeah, I'm not an essence. He was ugly. I didn't say she was hiding it all. Get lost. She didn't need one. Oh, you're called her. Yeah, she's ugly. She's up in head. She looks like the original Dina on guiding light with not a broadcast. Some six, five, 10 years later, play the new Dina who did the age at all, but now the sense she goes great. She must have done a real good job, which he was locked up in a cage. What guiding light is for crazy people and passions is for people who are like 10 stages beyond. No, I'm not like, crazy. Have you ever seen passions? Come on. I'm talking about Sheridan. Okay, all you had a sexual guy is they think you know something. Okay, the think, what's your name is so, Kelly Rippa. Sheridan on a scale of one to ten. I sure the blind will play Sheridan on passes out your 10%. And you've Kelly Rippa compared to her about a minus three. Okay. By the way, did you just hear that like dron? What's happening there? I don't know, but you just like were gone for like a second. Yeah, and all of a sudden we're having a line problem. You're you're like cutting him now. Huh, that is that. I have no idea. Oh, oh, it's right. You hear that? Am I in my cutting out? No, you're fine now. But you put out before, but you are you're cutting in and out. That's great. How about you, Josh? No, I'm good. No, you guys are cutting it out. So we got a line problem again. Oh, just time for the holidays. Well, maybe I'll just have to take a few days extra off. So I'm not having me cutting it out. You sound you sound fine. But you did before. Well, you're cutting in and out. So there's something somebody's touching around with their line probably over the green bitch 19 little. And just show up a minute. No, okay. See, no, see every time you do anything on that end, there's something wrong on that end. Why are you here, I'm fine? I understand, but I'm telling you is what I'm hearing you're cutting every word you say like that. Okay, I'll just go and talk. Good. Excellent solution to the problem. And if I what about the calls, if anybody QA and hello. You guys are coming up. So we got a line problem. Let's see what we have from. Got a problem on it. I'm coming from that end. Followed you guys. This set is usual. Everything is perfect though. So maybe you want to get that crack engineering staff on. I'm on it. I'm okay. Shut up. 19 till two when you chop for quality footwear. So, Lex and professional service. There's one place you ought to think about going. That's brand issues and popular beach. Man, it is unbelievable how well great the deals are there. Prices are the best. They got the best merchandise. And the people have worked at Brandy. So they're working there a long time. Lot of make sure you get a perfect fit every time and they will. And when it comes to top quality, a brand name. They got them all. They got a rockforce. For a shine. S.A.S. Spirit, Timberl and actualizer. All the other big names. Brandy is open every day. Monday through Saturday from 9. Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday, Sunday Sunday. guy, uwell, where words are a sin, the open with life you gotta sacrifice to begin this. the ocean of the mold. and then I'll get I'm mumbling Don't worry But when you're back Don't waste badminton Why do you Don't waste Itschau Or nothing Why do i shout out Forget theூ What is happened? Mr. White Uhh I'll try getting Nice play to put I can take wherever Wow. You guys know what you're doing. The learning mode givesusting audiences like this. Oh! Slow me away, though. Be trained up phones. Be trained up phones. Acted at Youanı's up Beast. I'm guided with space. What didn't they get her last minutes. Oh my god. Look forward tolrs. Goh lucky here. Inched got no stickmatif. Only if I got this, but I really don't want it. It's a Assimatter, this is a really god-of-body. Gamas is really bad. You got a lot of money. You got a lot of money. You got a lot of money. All right, Yannucklehead. It's not a point. I'm gonna put it like a hunk of bush. Yeah. I don't want to go. Oh, I can see the fact that it turned his wrist around. And the past May is daily. When you arrive in the game. Well, according to my weekly schedule, I've got three days that judge more as like you. And they're been in 2000 years or so from now, I'm coming back again as an alliterate retarded. We'll leave the free word. I don't know. Oh, they're more. Stand back your button and head some rising right now. Don't go, don't go, don't go. On 48 in five and sixty-half fixed it. You did. I should send an engineering bill. You really should. Because I installed my den in yesterday. And then we had this little bit of a problem, which was a big problem because you were like that. And so when it went into the break, because the commercials were sound of the same up here. I'm sure they were fine on the year. Right. But up here because it was the phone lines. Are we sent the tellos? I turned the button off and I turned it back on. And but I'm being near you. Are you like that? Okay. A lot of these things don't require like any genius, which of course, in our engineering department is quite a joke. Well, fixed it was right at the get on it. Right. Well, I guess we were lucky. We didn't have to get fixed. I mean, it was an act of God, you know. They all got it. Right. Thanks anyway. Fix it get lost. Happy holidays. Good. A portrait of President Bush using monkeys to form its image. Lead to the closure of the New York Art exhibit over the weekend. Anguished protests on Monday over freedom of expression. Bush monkeys a small acrylic on canvas by Chris Savito created the stir at the Chelsea Market Public Space in New York leading the market's managers to close down the 60p show that was scheduled to stay for next month. The show featured art from the upcoming issue of animal magazine, a quarterly publication featuring emerging artists. We had tons of people. I'd more than 2,000 people show up for the opening on Thursday night. Since your organizer, Bucky, Tercau. What if he's kind of Marty Tercau of Dallas? You think? Goli? You can't forget you know nothing about hockey and pretend to you know nothing. Okay. You don't. I know some stuff. Like what? I'm good with like night time or a number of high-perlons. Right. Then this manager saw the piece of the guy just kind of flipped out. The show is over. Get this worked out. I'm going to rest you. He said it's been kind of wild. Tercau took the show down on Saturday. He moved the artwork to a small downtown animal gallery. Calls to the management of Chelsea Market or for comment when our return. From afar, the painting offers a likeness of bush. When you get close to the city, images made of chimpanzees or monkeys swimming in a marsh. So we don't want to be surprised by the stormy action. It was painting. Listen to catalog. At 3,500 bucks. Or we still take that. These parents have got millions. That's why they live on brickle. Millionaires. That's why he's a Ruth Chris. Sporelled fat little Jewish kid. It seems like people get a kick out of it. So you know, seven. They really see it. They almost do a double take. I like to get reaction from people. The Pittsburgh Pennsylvania bread artist was happy for all the attention paid to his work. But said that this isn't as short of the exhibit was a blatant Accidences you're put out and probably say absolutely correct. So we don't pass through auction of the painting and donate proceeds to Organization dedicated to freedom of expression. This is much deeper than art. This is fundamental American rights freedom of speech. It was said to see that something like this can happen. Especially a place like New York is mind boggling and scary. Oh my god. Pretty much. I remember those days. Don't you? Yeah, they were fun. I've told you early recently. How is Joyce doing by the way? I'm realizing you're pretty tight. How many meetings have you had? Would you have? I've heard of man. All over the for real business. Yeah. You get your ass showing or two because you were supposed to like be dump in that stuff or you were like, how did you, how did you, I realized you were the producer. How did you ask play in that whole deal? I was just a middleman if you will. What's the pin? A witness. Yeah. How did you lie a lot? I told the truth. No, I told the truth. But you know, they asked about stuff. You couldn't even remember. Yeah. Right. Of course. And just like Nixon always said, just say, I can't recall. I don't remember. Can't recall. I'm right. And look what happened in Nixon. Exactly. 560, pound, five 60. And it's a Verizon, a single wireless line are pulled today. Which, you know, I realized we could have added a whole bunch of other things. I don't like to pull with too many things. Just get too cluttered. Don't you think we have ample area for them to vent on this one? It's so good topic. There should be a law against organized religion, 126. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Stupid people reading one 18 using cell phones and movie theater restaurant 97. Retired people driving during rush hour 64. Stupid people voting 50. Writing a check at a groceries or retail store 41. Commercials that movie theater is 36. Screaming kids in a restaurant 21. Screaming kids on an airplane 10. Especially in business class using the word closure 7 and locker room interviews. Now it's finally got another one. Two probably guilty made that. A bite of my guilty. A hate to bring to the city of no any cell season. It's not official yet, but it will be by the end of the day. When you adopt it, it'll like toss it out. Pretty sad. Isn't it? You're going to break your heart? No. Bruins weren't going to go anywhere. Bruins were going to really suck this year. Yeah, they're bad. No, they weren't. But I just said it to make you feel. They're really going to be bad. Why? Why do you say that? They're just the front office. They're horrible. They hit their $7 $24 a day. I mean, that's screwed. They don't slowly throw you those. Later you might think that the stones are very hard. But in contrast, what makes our public bigone better? Okay. So the changes done for me all the time. But she just gets cheated. She doesn't say anything was back. Could moving and you mention that. Do you like that sentence? You want to go to school or provision by having to do that. That's a lot of questions. And I'm tired. Maybe she would be the兒 yet mamy. Yeah, I'll definitely a lot to deal with. Oh yeah. Personally, guess it. Who started working with you. That might be easy, but you're ill. He knows how to say it. This padding guy is on the ass stuff and ball games. Okay, that's really... Yeah, that's uh, I'm sorry, that's fags stuff. Hey, if you're on one of those low carb diets like the beast, are you low carbing into a weaker nod? That's weak maybe. When you've done it though, I have. Whether it's the acenes, the sugarbusters, the soundpeets, any of these inins of low carb sugar-free diets, the lights are the best local is a story you've got to get to because they've got all the stuff you're looking for. Well, I mean most of the stuff, now some of the stuff I can meet and cheese and the seafood, that's in your supermarket. But that's about the limit in your supermarket. They may have like a few, a handful of items, but if the lights have got over 1,200 tasty products to keep you on your straight and desperately in your lower pan. They have carbolite ice cream, bread, pasta, chocolates, brownies, cookies, and last more, which is why people love this store because they get variety. Things with some taste to keep them happy. The lights are open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10 and they look at on the northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market. You can call them tool free, 1, 877 low carb, run or wicked way of that's with the W by the way. And uh, not in fact, now everything's with the W. And on the web it's low carb.com also with the W. Don't forget there's only one to license when spoken for audio dieters out there it's an incredible place since your official atkins retail centers. Exclusive lady. 160. 160. 100. One beautiful WQA year. One thing. A love you know, the type of cult.���yl that's filled in. A love you so long. I love that's how intense you are. A love you know. Follow me on the side of the virtual stream. Theicker and the Holevis passar-label everything. R.W. The Somebody for the Call wears short jeans. I know it's gonna be so tight on work anyway You can't make me cut too throw past It's like 56 goals If you drink on the corner I don't care my brother or I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street I know it's tight on the other side of the street But I kill him man He's just... You see, I can't get out of my mind This is part of that whole mesmerizing That brainwashing effect When you're keeping something over and over again Right I can't get out of my mind The two characters created by Boko Brian the more Howard David and character The Dodo Dodo Dodo And the guilty character As opposed to like the real people Right, great stuff And like I said before If they would've been smart and put Boko Brian on there Just to do the two voices Back in the fourth week and I have a morning show Show I mean with all the respect to Sternby and on there Plus it probably would've been right in front of him But that would've been great Too bad there's no hockey We could have some good, you know, NHL play that play bits Yeah We would've like, mow doing colors We do have one sem... It's a goal, it's a goal But we have one semer But it's in the other thing Okay And it's been kind of painless these two days I'm like if you notice I'm like a sting and neutral here To the holidays I mean what's the point of like bust in your balls And of course I got to check out all the April Avolivine videos How did the name even come up I don't know Jesus, quite frankly she can't sing the video suck And she's like a pencil head Okay, you happy now? Yes Okay, good Bye bye