That's how it's found. I'm like a star's eyes with the... I believe you shall discover the TV type. I'm on a show you, and I'm a star with the doll being you. And I'm lonely with all your teeth. I'm on a show you remember, and I'm on a show you. Yeah, I'm a sheet ball arranger from Victor Khan. And I want to show you that I'm as dumb as you can. 1048 is by 16WM. We got a lot of fish to fry the day. We only got about three hours to do it within. Yeah, so, over the deaths we got two of them. We got stirring goes to get serious. And we got the debate last night. Quite frankly, the debate I think is a pills into one significance compared to all the others. Right. We are taking a little slice pull on there, which we'd have probably over 1,000 votes already, except for the fact that Eric just continues being a fat Bosa who can't get his act together up here in Orlando and as a result, the poll didn't go on right after the debate, but then again there's so many other polls. For example, the MSNBC, Polica, almost 1.6 million votes, 60% said, Edward's one that made 40% said, Cheney. She and then for whatever reason they took there's off there, our website, but at the time I looked at it, it was about like 70-34, Edward's which I found shocking. And ABC, well, we'll get to all of that. Our poll's being freaked by the way. The most of the morning, Edward's was about 50%. See, the correct answer on our poll today is, it was Koma inducing. That's the correct answer. It's really a non-events, embarrassing pathetic sad. And at one point they're at about, well, I would say about 10-20. Cheney put his head in his hands, like kind of rest of his chin on his hands. I thought I thought he was going to actually slump right over, spaced down on the table at that point. But maybe that's our secret point. The Koma nature on both sides of the entire proceeding. Nobody really cares about the vice president. Even though we should care about Cheney because he's the biggest crooked of the world. And we should care about Edward's because, I mean, what's his story? But anyway, we don't. Rodney Dangerfield, dead in 82. Rodney Dangerfield, the bug-eyed comic who's sucked in percating one lineers, brought him started him in clubs, TV and movies, and made his lament. I don't get no respect. Catchphrase died yesterday, he was 82. Dangerfield, who fell into my coma. Maybe he was watching that debate. After undergoing heart surgery, he died at once, 20 yesterday afternoon, maybe he had a premonition about the debate. So the public says Kevin Susseki, dangerfield had a heart valve replaced August 25 with the University of California LA Medical Center. Susseki said in the statement that dangerfield suffered a small stroke after the operation and evolved to infectious and abdominal complications but in the past week he emerged from the coma. When Rodney emerged, he kissed me, squeezed my hand and smiled for his doctor. Dangerfield's wife, he owned Sid in the statement. The comic is also survived by two children from a previous marriage. The comic of the dangerfield's gone, he'll be missed. We like Rodney. And if he dismoves a little bit more of that good stuff, maybe he didn't mind the last few or years. Also, and you don't probably even know about this, Hollywood has promised your Joyce Jelson dies. Huff? And are you serious? She died right. Joyce Jelson, she'd be dead. Now we do them both breaks this hour, I guess we're not. No, we're not. Okay. We've got a weak break followed by strong break. I see. We can't catch a break. As the official astrologer for 20th century Fox Studios, Joyce Jelson consulted the best opening days for movies, including 1977's Star Wars, on the highest grossing movies of all time. Jill's an author of an actually syndicated astrology column also to divine the stars and behalf of the Reagan administration. Died Friday at Cedar's Cinematical Center of Kidney Fader, said her former husband, Joseph Gallagher, she was 58. Her daily astrologer comes up here nearly 200 news papers, including the LA Times of your family news, and 88 who was learned to the Reagan White House after former T.F. Stab Donald T. Regan wrote in his book, that Nancy Reagan consulted astrologers. Remember that, of course we do. They were spent a lot of times stargazing. Jill's in contendency advised Reagan campaign, since the lecture of Herbert Walker Bush's Reagan's running maiden 80, she also said she spent a lot of time at the White House after the March 81 assassination attempt on the president. So there you go. Granted senior feels dead. Joyce Jolson is dead. I'm dying of the hair. A lot of that crap going around. Here's yesterday's poll result. Who's your all-time favorite candidate in celebrity? John Candy 274, Jim Curry 137, Mike Myers 147. New year, young 16, Bill Shacker got 100. Leslie, he also 96, Phil Hartman 77, Michael V. 566, Pamela Anderson. 59, Shania 255. I can't believe that Pam Anderson beat up tonight at 20, and then make you want to puke? Yeah, it does. I'm asking the wrong guy. I know already. Dan Ecuador, 42, Gany, Lee 28, Oliver Levine 27, Dan Ecuador twice. Adam, so we got 42 and 26. So what's the, you know, Adam together, we got 68. Wayne Grisky 21, Katie Lang 21, Donald 7, Burton coming's each head 20. Raymond Burr, she had 19. So he'd be on 17, Martin Short 16, Amber, he had 15. Norman Donald 14, Gordon and his light foot 14. Keep her settled in 13, nine for rich little. Don Cherry 8. Yeah, put grapes on there. I thought it's cheese. I told him to. Why? To be funny. It's not. Tom Green 8, Elaine Allen is more set eight. Brian Adams and Howard Mandell and Lauren Green 8, had seven money hall five. Christopher Plumber 4 and Lauren Michaels had three out of nearly 15. Henry vote on yesterday is full. So should have gone down to 10th or three last night that should have been the end of that. But unfortunately, it wasn't because again Eric just can't get his act together. Let me say it again Eric just in case you forgot to judge this morning 10. 30 on Friday night. After the next to Bush TV debate, Bush. Yeah, Bush, you're our carry debate. And our line. And we'll be doing that again. So no excuses. No given a song. And it's a whoa. I didn't check my email. Whoa. I was out at the parliament house again. Our being a curtain. Anjol Lindwell born January 14, 1979 in Midwest City, Oklahoma model actress. He was in the DKNY road stories. I don't think we can say that. DKNY. That's a newer. Near our stories and seek cue. And that's a basic vision and a lot of acting, but she's a model and she's lovely. And she's right for her to be the curtain. If you want to take a puke at that. Also, let me just give you a little bit of a pointer. If you want to really have a lot of fun with that great new thing we got on our website with the Bush and the. But a bit 20 Blair pictures. You need to like put your thing on it. Put your mouse, your cursor on it. I'm like moved. There knows. And of course, in the case of Bush, just put the dollar sign on his nose and watch how it thief. His nose follows the money. It's a beautiful thing. Okay. Now here's what we got so far and our pole. Let me get to the stern stuff. Stern is leaving infinity. Didn't tell him. It's so current the story. Didn't say that in the room. Before the show. Did you find little bit bizarre? Nope. Who on last night's debate? John Edwards 23546.8% I also the Sun Sentinel. Cheney kicked ass. Which means he did they got a lot of free. Free for his on air or else. Edwards did worse than I thought. I thought it was just a pondress. Edwards 23546.8% it was a draw in 96.19 for one percent. Cheney 71 14 flight 1 percent. He was in about 10 percent all morning until the free person's on this. But that's okay. Didn't watch 52 10.3% it was coma inducing this obviously the correct answer. 32, 6.3% and I don't give a shmit 16, 3.1% out of 502. He's been hurt for 13. I said it was 10. Don't I stick to any me? I'll tell you for 13. I'll tell you for 13. I just get through to that. Then the curse worked for 13. That curse works now. He should know when the ratings are low. Keep the Z that they get. You know the battles must be near to star desires. Starfish CPR except the melt and melt part. Cheney's mouth is really getting felt. They look proper and a T in the white house. Senator, they eat wheat. Go check on our VT. He's got this with the bond of 2015. He's got the F bomb boy. I want a 5.6. He's got a 6.5. Let's say shmit can't pull us up there right now. We'll get the real pull for today on there. Let's say get rid of it. Here's the final result. Who won lives next to bait? 561 votes. Edward's 269.48% a draw 102.18. 1% 20.76. 10.3% 10.3% light choice by the way. It was coma inducing 39. About 7% don't give a shmit 17.3% out of 5.61. Okay, here's the pull for today. I think you've done this once. I know I've never done this one. Which of these things would you most taping thought of as? A very poor grammar. But there's other things I could like that. You haven't? Okay, well I like this. Which of these things would you most taping thought of as? Fast-slum, oh, dumb. Okay, oh, good publican, homo, oh, rim, boring, short or lousy way? I think that's probably some others that they may want to put on there. But I think that's a really good day. Which of these would you most hate if anybody thought of you as this? Fast-slum, dumb, dumb like, the, as like a nut-smile, like Fredo. Ugly, and Republican, God forbid, homo, rim, boring, short or lousy way? There you go. I like that pull a lot. Light choice is on there. Which one is that? Dumb. Oh, dumb. Dumb. Dumb, but not about the other ones. Okay, here's the big news. And I see the phones you're just smoking on this already. I've seen that they phones are all that up like a Hanukkah bush. Not. When you think that if we had this big crossover with Stern, it's a phones that just be, I mean, probably blow it out when in doubt line. Let's not have any more technical problems. I was here five and a half hours yesterday, crawled around on the floor. Not to what you're thinking. Crawled around back there with the person and with modems and with, Oh, brother. And with the people from the phone company here and talking of this one and, and French and English and Spanish, oh boy. And then coming to find out, it's just like a little, you know, those cards that have like a key card. And the hotels now, like your credit card kind of applies to things. Have it only they have those and they stick in the slots somewhere. I don't want to say what's wrong. But, but, and for each number and for your high speed DSL, I don't have that. I don't have that. I'll work for anyway. When I finally talked to a very nice young lady and she has something that all out. And she said, oh, I just pulled it out and stuck it back in again. Which, back in the day, I might make some comments about that, but I won't. And by the way, there was a work. There came the Elites flash on the modem and in my internet spank, which means I can take calls. I can go online and print all these neat stories, etc. Howard Stern and serious time to get serious boys and girls announced the most important deal in radio history is what this article says. Now, of course, this is a puppies by written by these serious people, but nevertheless, they got a pretty good point. King of all media Howard Stern and serious announced today an epic agreement where by Stern will move to serious beginning January. First, 2006, you think Jay Leno is good by is going to be long well. So, I said, that's going to be long, that's going to be like years. This is only going to be 15 months. Sirius is the premium satellite radio provider known for delivering the very best and commercial free music and sports program that cards and homes across the country. He sees it's not a puppies, it says. It's a news story. The world renounced Stern as credited with revolutionizing the talk radio format. He's the number one national radio host among males 18 to 49 and, right, and right, number one, maybe 46 major markets where shows broadcasting, including New York and LA. It's been my dream to have a top rated radio show since I was five years old. Stern said, Sirius, the future radio will take this dream to hold a level, is I bring my fans my show my way. It'll be the best radio they ever hear. No one's with extremely loyal fan base and is unequal to ability to migrate fans to other media. Stern's embarked on numerous highly successful ventures over the years while maintaining dominant ratings in his demographic. Stern is written to by selling books private parts, which has some of them trust his fans to selling book ever, and this America, the fastest selling book, publishing history. He later started in the highest successful motion picture of an adaptation to private parts, orchestrated the fastest selling soundtrack and motion picture, his being started in the most watched entertainment, pay-perview special all time, the Howard Stern show is E Entertainment TV's most successful show. Signing Howard Stern is without a doubt the most exciting and transformational event in the history of radio, Joseph P. Clayton, CEO of Sirius, he's an entertainment force of unprecedented recognition and popularity in the broadcast world, who is capable of changing the face of satellite radio and generating huge numbers of subscribers for Sirius. Howard's an incredible creative and comedic icon where thrilled that he chose Sirius to broadcast, but everyone believes will be the most exciting part of his career, so Scott Greenstein, Greenstein, Sirius President of Entertainment and Sports. There's absolutely no one like Howard Stern. And I'm excited for the first time he shall be heard across the entire country. Exactly as it was meant to be heard, in other words, with all the, oh yeah, the dump button, the dump junkies. Greenstein and Egan negotiate the five year multimillion dollar people with done bookwalled, who is represented in Stern. See, Stern's got that bookwalled, I got a normal kid. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Wow, I knew like that. Papa Jinko, look what I got. Can't I get my drift? Yeah I get it. What do I got? Buckwell said, an important thing to be developed and Howard wants to be a solider. I don't want to read this whole puppies. It's just, through Sirius's nationwide broadcast system, steering will be heard in every market across the country moreover, is to medist popularity among males 18 to 49 matches, and perfectly with Sirius's target demographic, the audio, the audio, it goes on. So there you go. Time to get Sirius. Sounds like a plan, don't it? Sure. And the lines were just flashing, frankly, they were for a second, but I've never, they don't care. They care, but they don't care that much. You see what I mean? Because they all went out. I mean, as soon as I said that, I don't see this phenomenal response on this. This is the, the headline says, the most important deal in radio history. Not just this year, not since last sofus. Let's see, here's a facts from Frank. The only meaningful thing I'd last night's today was the admission by Cheney, that the nation is divided by the idea. Okay, well, Frank already don't think I thought it sucked. I thought it was just boring and a wasted time. Sorry about that. I think I'm going to say, boy, Edward's really clean as clock. Which would make a lot of the, you know, anti-bush people have it, which I'm just as anti-bush as ever. But the fact that matter is, it was weak. It was very poor. On a one hand, Cheney looked like you, and the first half I thought Cheney was pretty good. The second half, he looked like you was passed his bedtime, and he was going to go to a coma and collapse right on the table. And Edward's for his part didn't really seem to want to answer too many of the questions. And kept ringing his hands like he was, you know, I don't know, I just thought it was so good. And in fact, they were both for the lot of hand bringing going on. So, let's see, Edward was doing the finger pointing. He was like, the thumb, you know, over there, and the Cheney was going to hand. A lot of hand gestures. I would have loved since Cheney was so famous for doing the F-bombs of Patrick Lehi if they were given like at least to look the bird a little bit. They would have spiced it up something. Flip the bird. Okay, let's see. Let me vote on this. Which would you least want to be, I'm a stay in Republican. Okay, to me would be the greatest insult of the mall. It's doing well. What do you mean? On the pole? The early return. Oh, yeah, dumb 15 Republican 13, which of course that's a little redundant. Okay, here's the deal. Join George Magellan, Boca Brian, five to seven for happy architecture island. They okay, the mouth of the Palmetto. Just go to the 120-second street exit stop by for prizes. Bear espacial's this way speech your ass been rain. It's going to rain on your parade or maybe do something else on your parade. I don't know. Right. Now, what Cheney said last night don't pee on our parade. I think he said something like that. W-A-M-H-O. Yes, sir. Can I call him a son or a son or a son or a son or a son? Yeah, what's up? Hey, no. All right, first of all, I feel like last night Cheney was going to grumpy old man. He wasn't going to blow his leap. And then the Edwards would not answer him to question to his ass. Right, that's what I said. I know he said that. And then what about stern leaving? You happy about that? Why would it be happy about that? We just got him on and August why would I be happy about it? You know, you're always bitching about him not coming all the time. You know, you're not coming on. No, I'm not preaching about not coming out of ten at all. On tech quite to the contrary since you're all you want to do. Are you all being called me before the same craft? First of all, I've got to listen to every single day and another one of the stern lickers who just, you know, don't want to deal with the facts. What I said is the old, the West of London, 1245 or 130. That's fine with me as to get paid the same. Your old mindset was that our audience, a lot of our audience, doesn't listen to stern. And as a result, they have no idea what time the show starts. Actually, I'm tanging in by our brain trust because they, we know they're crafty, we're QA, make no mistake about that. Crafty's a middle name. Make no mistake. The sin guy who called the right after stern first came on and said, well, what are you always building them? Because I'm just explaining it the way it is, okay? And I'm sorry, I don't listen to the Howard Stern show, but no, I won't be pleased because we're considering this is supposed to be the great lead in. And now we're working like less than four hours every day. Like today, 3 hour and 50 minute show. That's great by me. So I'm always... So I'm always... And in addition to which animal deal would this tomorrow? Yeah, what do we do now? I mean, granted it's a little over your way, but now the whole station has been a gear and team in the disold thing with the idea of Stern's going to be on. And oh, certainly he's going to be there for a long time. Well, guess what? When he put him on, he only had 17 months left on his deal with infinity. And obviously that's the end. That's it. Finieto as of the end of next year. So now they've got to go back and put all over again. Man, I said, in the mornings I'm QA, I'm just a constant never-ending nightmare. So like somebody said to me this morning, where he sure is how about to get gigantic ratings during this next year. And he sure is how better make the company a lot of money. A lot of money. You know what I mean? I mean? Yeah, oh yeah, he's probably figuring already rubbing his hands together, rubbing his hind legs together, like a grasshopper. Oh, I'm back on the air again. I'm going to be back on again. Gildy is going to be really great. You'll be... Yeah. Here's the fact this is watching the E2 guys argue last night over a floating record. It's in the back seat. So here's the fact this is watching the E2 guys argue last night over a floating record. It's in the center of its like two kids in the back seat arguing over who touched two first. Hopefully, other side of voters, if they're really arre- and you look past the misrepresented facts and are ready for a fresh approach rather than more four year, four more years of evil private profit years. I like that. That's also a short-referred version of the point. Excellent. Good job. Beauty. Okay, let's see how that pull is shaped up. Now you said it was pretty good the response on every public and thing. Which of these things would you most hate being thought of as 72 votes? Republican 18, Dummy 18, Alauzi, Latin, Fat Slob 9, Holmo 6, Boring 3, Wim 3, Ugly 3 and Short 2, George. Still at law. Some of us just have to accept that. 12 minutes after, yeah. And of course, the effect in the ugly part. Well, at least the ugly part. So right goes, I'm doing okay. It's part of our management theory. Sure. Sure. I'm trying my agent. It's part of all these exterior effects. We got the studio back together again here. We got the unit back up with very little help from engineering down there. It's pretty good. It's pretty good. And in fact, we got an nickname for Jimmy Alton, Break it. Not for it, Break it. 12 minutes after, 11 at 5, 60, WQA, and the mad dog coming on at 2, we got the Humphorish 4. You got your gullies on again. Oh boy. 7 to 10 is try to earn a little bit of that pain and then etiquay after the gullies show. Your antique mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're a first time home buyer, or we financing and taking cash out through your best choice. The team mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer services. That one is their promise. It's their Guadantee. Call them today, toll free. 10734 or 6616. I know you've been like what they tell you. If your antique mortgage bankers are golders to build a lifelong relationship with their customers, which is exactly what they did with a couple of moved down the South Florida from New Jersey. These folks hadn't started their new John Jerry, but they found a house they fell in love with. The couple had lived in town more than a week. I had very little money to put down and wanted to close in 10 days. All of these things. Well guess what? The two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, the two of us, Jonathan, Jindal and Fred Laykhov, or Brad Cros Analyt이에요. This old man, Dick Cheney, he had a G.O.P.S.D. Had a heart attack, had a whack, got him a full song. Next time he's not coming home. Hey, it's just a lie, Jack. I'm sorry, I'm not gonna mess up with the president. Oh, dear. This thing with his name's Bush, he's a hemorrhoid and looked so stupid that the guy who would die, so we'd be alone. He alone was not thinking of his hem. So, yeah, and the one we're going to read in my head, go, guys. Maybe next. I did go on by two copies, one for a friend of mine, a fair night, nine, eleven years today. And watch quite a bit of an overorgan last night. Anybody that's in doubt, anybody that's wavering, sitting on the fence, that, or maybe even some people are like, socked for carry in order to mean some of the sock people out there, if he gets my grip, all he needed to do is get that movie. Sit there and watch it, and you will just absolutely be, you'll become livid, you'll become a foaming at the mouth. And let's make sure that that group of old-farts there in Fresno, that group of 10 cookie eating terrorists, that we infiltrate their group again, because they look real dangerous to me, not to mention that old-cooked that we're out of the gym. That's the FBI came knocking on his door, oh, it's just really sad. It is sad. Oh, and I'm getting these facts. Don't send me any more of those facts, it's about Edward should have said that. I don't want that. I like Bob Crap. I'll tell you one thing he should have said. Yeah, I'm sure that the US investigation has found that Iraq destroyed virtually all of its chemical and biological munitions in 1991. It does years before Bush ordered US troops to invade based largely on the alleged threat posed by those weapons. This is in USA today today. The report will be presented today to a Senate committee by the US arms inspector Charles Dulfur. It says Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein believed in the deterrent power conferred by weapons and mass destruction, but ordered them destroyed an effort to end sanctions imposed on this country after the Persian Gulf War in 1991. The key findings are to be forward to scrub yesterday by a high level administration official who's been briefed on its contents. Now that being the case. Certainly it was in Kerry and the campaign where well aware of all of the contents and he sure did one peepore job of getting there conveying anything about that, you know. Virtually all of its chemical and biological munitions were destroyed in 1991 to get the sanctions off their ass. The report is based on an extensive interview. Our extensive interviews with senior officials and solemn regime and interrogation of the out-to-duke hate of himself. The official said the report shows that Iraq planned to revive its banned weapons programs once UN sanctions were lifted, but by dating the destruction of Iraqi weapons to 1991 did Dulfur report raises new questions about how US intelligence agencies in the Bush administration were so far off the mark in the assessment of the Iraqi threat. And the fact that it matters they weren't off the mark they knew. They were just looking for anything which is exactly what he told Richard Clark, finally something. Let's nail us on Saddam. This is the excuse that they and the new pounds were looking for. It's making a fair high 911. My favorite scene in the whole movie is when they're classy, tall, roll, roll, roll, roll. Takes the coal and puts it in his mouth to read about the fact that they're not going to be in the middle of the night. The fact that they're not going to be in the middle of the night is that they're not going to be in the middle of the night. And it's mouth to read about it all up before he clicks his hair back. And then he's like spit on his hand like, oh my god. Wow. Oh, Paul Wulfowitz might ask. Now we're getting back to Stern and a serious thing. See, one of the main reasons he wants to go on serious is all the SEC interference in his program and everybody else's program including this one. I hate to write the most of you a choice, but I guess they're going to be able to play Fartsounds with a hanging in her dump on serious? Sirius? I'm serious. Sirius was a heart attack. Sirius was a dictating heart attack. And that will really be something when you can actually go on here. And probably, of course, I'll keep in mind that in stories we've had about the SEC already keep this in mind. They already make in plans. They've got previous plans like our fan and governor to try to regulate. How the hell they do that? I don't know because it's not over the airways. So is the excuse? Oh, I'll work here. We'll regulate the public airways and the airways belong to the public. And speaking of that, US lawmakers yesterday, we've to compromise to substantially raise fines for a decent radio and TV broadcast, but they're still trying to get final approved by the Senate and House representatives. The proposed measure would raise fines to as much as $500,000 per fart for incident, up from $275 and the fines could be applied individually responsible for a decent broadcast. I think a lot of people ought to be fine to have to make a dollar for a decent farce, but not necessarily on the radio. This is a necessary response to the ever increasing amount of indecent material over the airways to which our children are subjected said, Republican from Nevada Senator John Inston. However, stripped out was a provision that would require the FCC to consider revoking a station's license after three violations, one congressional aid set on a condition of anonymity. It's kind of like the three instructions you're out thinking with a guns. This will be like three farts in your out. So there you go, it goes on a little stuff we already know about. So they look at the regular aid table, which you can then come over to public airways. You pay to have it brought on a wire into your home and you should have no business regulating the content on that. And of course, the serious thing also does go over to public airways. It comes in a box. So when Brad Pitt comes knocking on your car door, it says, what's in the box? It's nine years' business. You're paying for the box and it's come over there. Not over the airways. Am I right? You're right. So do you go how many regularly that? Well, it's like regulating what kind of bread you can put in your pop up post or what it was it their business. They're going to make it. WQA and hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing Neil? Neil? I wanted to tell you that yesterday when I got my copy of Fern and then 11. Yes. Right next to it, there's a little thing that they put on their public and of course put on the thing called unfair type of 911 or still like that. Some kind of some other DVD to respond to respond to. Yeah, respond to. Yeah, we're in Prague and response. We didn't have a swastika on the cover. No, but I wanted to read it. I want to read it. I've got to see what how they're going to, you know, to document it. You do. Every time. And don't waste your time. You know exactly what it is. Don't waste your time with crap. Okay, clown. This reminds me again. Oh, I want to hear what the other side is. Oh, like we don't already know, you know. The nature of the pills that they're popping and the crafters are pubic and we already know that. So let's, so what are you thinking about to go on serious? That sounds like a plan to me. I'm also thinking about very serious, seriously. No, you remember, you don't remember it's before your time when, who was it that got fired on the Arthur Grab for sure on the year? So he said, no, no, sir. He fired, uh, was it Tony Marfin? He fired, no, no, it was the singer. Both of the writers. Yeah, both of the writers. Yeah, both of the writers. He would know. He fired some singer on the year. Oh, a genius, though, rose. I think it was. I believe maybe I'm wrong. But I think that's what it was. Well, anyway, I'm just telling you he did it on the air. He fired him. Yeah. Now, I'm thinking maybe firing my agent right on the year here in the middle of the show this morning. I understand it would be a good idea. I mean, he's useless anyway. All he does is create problems in the, he's kind of like our engineering department. All he does is create problems that didn't exist in the first place. Why do I need him for? Why should I need him for creating a conflict in history and chaos when he's as useless as, uh, uh, a fart on a wall, right? People can go to the other side. Huh? I'm a good friend. I said, you must be talking to Josh. Why is that? All I'm going to say, nothing. Well, why not? Because why is that hell of a job for you, man? I know. Not. I would wish you a contract on Hermione, I'm growing and big cheney. Oh, I'd wish it on big cheney. Yeah. That's how much I hate him. Which of these would you most hate being thought of as as being Republican 38? All right, I got another one for the poll. Okay. Religious fanatic. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. Religious fanatic. Republican 38 allows you a 32 dumb 32 fast-slav 18, Home O 12, a home. No, no, home O. Boring 9, ugly 7, a went 4, and short 3. I assure, I mean, there's some short people are okay. Like the jockeys, for example. They're all short. Like a Tyler Bayes. Hey, if you find yourself looking in a mirror and taking you can be doing much better if you want to. I'm going to take care of that hair loss and get your answer to the phone right now and call the best in the hair of business. Charles Alfieri. Charlie has been helping the famous the infamous and everybody in between for over 30 years now. Not turned man. And doing the sensational job. In fact, such a good job, you would even recognize his work when you see it because it looks like the real thing. Charlie's pre-the-the best, the most natural looking hair system in the world. The most critical area of any hair system is that hair line and Charlie's new skin like hair system is 100% Pern detectable. And here looks like it's growing right on your scalp. Charlie's work is guaranteed to. He got nothing loose but that big ugly bald spot because he tried to have a lot of 30 days. And after a month if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, you return that hair for full refund. Make the call today. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the award you're showing to your special QAM. To let it out we've just got off the regular price of the natural hair line system. The regular price is 800 bucks. We can say that at 5200. Call today 1-800-3-1-2413. Charlie's new skin like hair system is as natural as it gets anywhere. You're going to look better and a lot younger too. So, 1-800-3-2-1-2413. The round line. Charles Alfieri.com. Charlie's new skin like hair system. Charlie's new skin like hair system. So my God, you're breath beautiful. I just know how it is happening today. We're going to have a little later. You and here you're building an eye. Please, they have their little problem with the studying show feed. I think that's what this have a length fell down as something. Yeah, like your butt. I don't have you know my perfect sub-delightfully fine. Thank you very much. Now if you don't mind, let's return to the sanctuaries for it. How about a little touchy theory? Oh, see here. See here. Okay. Now see here. Like here and start. I want to ask, so I can. Yeah, so I'm just stupid like they say. I'm the official point of the party. I don't know. I don't know. Why I don't know. I made my bones when you were in embryo. How do you know? Well, it is. It's not my never told you. Yeah. Yeah, I'm your father. Daddy. You're so good. I'm an embryo. I just thought about it. I was a father's son. You know who I am? I'm no green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. You know, somebody bones in so little time. Twenty-nine-two-none is five, sixty-two-one. Five, sixty-seven-one, five, sixty. I would have thought that the lines would have been just smoking today. Wouldn't you? I would have thought. And of course, all these people want to talk about is that stupid asked to bathe last night. I mean, I'll be glad to listen to you a waste a lot of time. It was just a week. It was very lame. Neither one of those clowns has got anything to do with right home about. And as far as his own fault of occasions, Karya. And was that nothing to say about anything. He kept mentioning Karya's name. In fact, he couldn't even not mention during a stupid question that the stupid question from PBS was asked him about, well, don't mention the or your running rates names. He did it twice. Oh, did I break the rules? Yeah. It was really weak. That is weak as a... It's a thirty inch. The bushmaster, but nevertheless, company QM hello. QM series. Yes sir. What's up, sir, brother? How you doing? I wouldn't want to be you. Oh, how are you, this thing? Okay, great. QM hello. QM hello. Good morning sir. QS are going to use these of the serious things. It is an excuse. It isn't over the year, you know, because it's a satellite both series and XM or satellite. Correct. Correct. Correct. Of course the fact is that you have to pay for the service you have to buy the equipment. You have to decide to want the service. But, you know, it doesn't matter to the not to currently charge a stuff I don't wait to do. That's just satellite service, but you're getting the transmission through a... Well, it's not to a cable. It's to a off the air and 10 out. It's a way to look toward a quick ride. So that's the excuse they're going to use. But of course, essentially they're going to cover everything, including cable and the internet and everything. And the internet and everything. And the other reason is that they want... And DVDs... And DVDs... And DVDs... And what you read and what you... You know, what you... Is it correct? Exactly. No, you do. Exactly. And what you do them? Well, very important how you do them. We're the only exception being changed like daughters. Wow. But she wants to count on keys like daughters too, don't forget. And how they can make money off of the oil. That's not to be controlled because, you know, we wouldn't want anybody to get upset with that. By the way, speaking of making money from the oil, let me take a puke at CNBC. I don't know if you're anywhere near a TV right now. Probably not. I don't want to. I don't want to. But I think the oil... 5.577. Thank you very much. Keep going. Thank you, sir, for reminding me about that. Have a great day. Oh, I can't. I'll see you in a second. Take a good shower. 5.577 for a barrel of... Oh, my God. That's about as cool as it gets, you know? Don't exaggerate. It's 51.75. Thank you, Mr. President, for those of you. The president for those low gas prices, man. I'm telling you. It's 180. Oh, and rising. Up. It's getting close to a buck up, and now it's a reason. You better buck up, okay? Because it's going to get rebad. Because as we learned during the Carter years, when the price of oil goes skyrocketing like this, it takes a little while, but then eventually air, everything. The price of air, but transportation, all of the produce and things that have to be transported to your supermarket. Of course, the airlines all going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. So, I'm going belly up and more. Also, I'm going belly up and as you know I just want it. Oh yeah, I keep Coach Diabes and what he's doing. Wow. I listen to that session in the morning because we're in Berry, we're in Berry's area, we're in Berry's area, you have gray. You have gray. Yeah. we're in Berry, you have gray and gray. Yeah. We're in Berry's area. Alright. But, he's been gone for three weeks. I'll be really kind of like that soon. I think he's waiting tables in the McDonald's. And McDonald's. He needs a depth of stuff, that right. I think maybe you see him as a drag show one of these days. Good luck, Polly. Okay, thanks. I'd be like that. Poor Gregory Benjamin Budell, and maybe it's the fact that this guy called it, because he was like the Rodney Dangerfield of Radio, couldn't get no respect. Now that Rodney croaked, right? Right? And if Rodney croaked, could the Gregory be far behind? Benchman Budell? That's bad. You should want to say that, Bill. I mean, I don't do. I think it was the issue of the bugman about him though. What's the story? The one I'm not going to repeat on the right now. Never told me that story. Go take a powder. A BC powder. Oh, look at this. This is good news, although I was just saying the other day that I never heard any more about today. Right? It's my psychic powers again. You think Austin Powers is good, my psychic powers got him a beat all sideways to all hell. A state of appeal, according to West Palm Beach, who were yesterday, that Rush Lomba's medical records were properly seized by investigators, seeking information on alleged illegal drug use. They were properly seized, how do you like them? Green apples. Exactly. Investigators read that the Office of Lomba's doctor, seeking information on whether they conserved it, commentator illegally, tried to buy prescription painkillers. Lomba. Lomba. Fifty-three is not in charge with a crime and investigation as a bit of a stance, until a penny of a season on the medical records. We hold that to constitutes provided privacy and medical records is not implicated by the state seizure. Or in review of medical records under a valid search warrant without permission hearing me, fourth after a critical appeal ruled, chief judge, Gary Farmer wrote the opinion. A state as spokesman for Lomba and I have any immediate comment, prosecuted as when after Lomba's medical records after a learning that he received about 2,000 painkillers, prescribed by four doctors in six months. Oh yeah, prescribed by... In six months, at a pharmacy nearest Palm Beach mansion. Lomba admitted his addiction to payment occasionally October saying it's stem from severe back pain. Lomba. He took a five week leave from his afternoon video as sure to enter a rehab program and now he's his claim. Lomba. He's a female, Lomba. Lomba. Lomba. Lomba. That's exactly what he called. What? It's an implant. Okay, Joyce, I'll be in another shape. She already pissed off. She already hates norm camp like poison. She's trying to come and buy to wait, Joyce, you're a backstab. I'm fooling me. Oh, man, I'll be talking about covering your pimple ass. What a joke. This whole company, this is the whole deal, he just... Let's get serious. What do you say? Let's go on in this satellite radio. Okay, and we can get the fart sounds back. We can get back about 90% of a comedy list that we can't play anymore. We can do a real radio show. And I have to deal with temper tantrums from temperamental management types. I'm an amcralarron on a floor. I'm like, if five and a half hours of my life down the toilet yesterday, trying to do my duty, I could have just said, well, we can't get to think of going with it. Just take them all off, you know, plus I got vacation coming up anyway. I couldn't do that. But no, being the trooper that I am there. I'm crawling around with my portable phone in the hand, trying to find this. And we're just thick fat and stickiness and a modem. And all of a sudden, and finally, 730 lights night got it back on. And in the meantime, what's going on? Are they really helping me with this? No, they're just giving me a bunch of double-talk while another temper tantrums going on. And it's programmed director and the operation manager and this one. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No. Well, I'm trying to get to the studio first. We get down the business here instead of monkey business too much. Freaking just like with Bush too much monkey business. It's you, William. And now, of course, the steering thing, like blows up in their face all over again. We just got him on here a few months ago. And now he announces he's failing out. Like I said, I sure hopefully make a lot of money in a short time. 19 to noon a few way in. If you want to know more about following a low carb diet, you want the best tasting largest lesson low carb foods of the best price, then you're going to love doing a big party. You're shopping at one great store. Need a lights a West poker. Whether you're starting or restarting the atkins, the sugar about to do the south beach. Any low carb sugar free diet. The lights a West poker has always been the number one low carb store in town. We know those far as the cheese and the meat and the face stuff like that. You're going to get that new supermarket. But you've got things to go along with that to keep your appetite satisfied. Things with some taste. Things that are really great for low carb at the same time. The lights is where you want to shop. Better selection. And they let you try anything the store before your buy for staff knows low carb Biting inside and out. So if you want to read here, get some taste in your life and stay on your low carb diet at the same time. Your low carb headquarters is the joint you've been loved. You like to West poker with over 1200 products. Like carbohydrate ice cream, breads, pasta, chocolate, brownie cookies, and last more. The lights is open every day, seven days away from 10 and a.m. So 10 in the PM and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to order Boston Market. Call the lights at 1-877 low carb this will day double or run the web. It's low carb.com also with a W. There's only one to license West book is your official Atkins retail center. You're a singsin' needle, Roger. Roger. Roger. Hello. This is on the side of from Tony's and records. And fighting you American Interdell to find the best way to get to the world. And I'm from Tony's and records. And fighting you American Interdell to find latest guest events collection. You know my mom it is right. So you head out to your barring notes. Got a misunderstanding where the real start breaks. I wish I had an American hostage and angels in their hands. Oh, so you're shooting this classic. I was on the airplane. It suddenly was a change. And that is I can burn. And where it sounds on my head. I know! I'm being followed by an X16. But to day one with the... And why don't you approach us? Because not to go through fun stairs. I'm really... It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. The other just down. That's your fault. It wouldn't happen if I were to choose. Find a skin and a rat. If you want a disease. I don't know if anything is classic. Woo! I asked myself every day. Which Americans should take? Tell me who would know how I'm saying. I'm telling you that I'm telling you the negative moment. She lives in a very explosive sense. So by who can't sleep in a collection suitable 1995? Or do you complain with these unnaturally God or weapons of master's trust? Who are they? I'm keeping a little when you watch for an 9-11 or if you already saw it. I'm sure you're going to want to watch it several more times between the election. And you see that scene in Chaftown Square there and we are... Yeah. Where did Chaftown guys head off? Right. I mean, of course we got all these barbarians over there in Iraq. All these terrorists who are doing things like beheading people. Oh my gosh, it's like something out of the stone age. What kind of people would do that? Our friends and the Saudis, they do that all the time. Right. They follow people's hands and they chop off their heads. It's traditionally. All of these things is what they do. All of these things. Yeah, I just said that. I'd be heading out to watch it. Right. So it's really good that we're doing business with people who really understand democracy. Like the world kingdom there in Saudi Arabia. What a joke. Poles refer different victors in VP debate. Early polls indicating different reactions to last night's debate between Vice President Chind and Democratic Vice President Shalamani Senator John Edwards. And ABC News snap poll showed Chindee the winner. Aided by a more Republican audience. And now let me say that again. You wanted to lie because you know who does the a poll with ABC. See it in in Gallup. It's the CNN ABC Gallup poll. Aided by a more Republican audience. While CBS News fall among a side of the voter show the opposite. Chindee Edwards engaged in that goes on about the biggest. They did that moderate one. I feel she was terrible. She would ask in somebody stupid ask questions. Well, what do you think about your opponent? Yeah, do you ever steal a freight train? And is he a good guy? And would you ever go on on double date? And I was as she was weak. She was so soft a work. It was embarrassing, man. Gwen, I fool my ass. Let's see ABC pool 45% said Chindee won 35% give it Edwards 19% called a the tie. 38% of viewers were Republican 31% Democrats rest in the comments. How do you like that? Yep. CBS News 41% said Edwards the winner. 28% Chindee 31% said it was a tie. They based their poll on a naturally representative sample of 170 of the big watches who are you undecided about who to vote for or have a preference but say they could still change their minds. The MSNBC pool with 1.6 million votes 60% said Edwards 140% Chindee. It was 75 to 25% hours after the bait like early this morning. But then the creepers got in there right away. Do you first creepers? Let's all get on the line with a creepers and get them on there. Let's bring this poll. And so they got it like folks. But still Edwards by a landslide, which is pretty embarrassing because when you lose a poll like that. And of course, we to get back on even playing for your elected bushes debacle last Thursday. Chindee had a big win and I'm saying anybody by any measure could say, especially with that last half hour of coma that he had a big win. Am I right? Yes. Oh, it was big. There was big. Well, maybe once upon a time it was big. Oh, speaking of that, XKA to McCain gives support to Kerry. A man who until last week was one of Senator John McCain's top aides is endorsing John Kerry for president President of the Persian National Assembly. And I'm present in the serving that President Bush and Vice President Cheney have weighed an unprecedentedly cynical and divisive campaign. Led by Kerry Democrats can now seize the opportunity to reach out to dissipate the matter where Republicans and independence to delay new political coalition of national unity. Marshall Whitman writes to the upcoming edition of Blue Print magazine published by the Democratic Leadership Council. I'm an independent McCain, who hopes to revive the bull-most-traditional theater Roosevelt and I support the Kerry Edwards agenda Whitman writes. No relation to downwardness of the CBC. The unrest reconstructed bull-mostal run with donkey. What is it? This unrest reconstructed bull-mostal run with a donkey November he said. Too many animals for me. Whitman have been McCain's director communications for the past two years. He left, yeah, Wednesday. Last Wednesday to become a senior fellow at the DLCA centrist or a White of Center Democratic Group. How's my like that? Okay. I just mentioned that in passing. What are McCain's top people? See, McLean, what are taking Kerry up on you offer? And Wednesday is ready made. Number one by about 40 percent. It would have been a landslide. But that wouldn't be as exciting. We like a little bit of a segment. And Whitman hand the earliest much chance for all that political machinery. All the vote-regard and Florida that's surely coming again in less than four weeks. 560, 560, 560, and the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. WQA and Hello. QA and? Yes, Dr. Newt, please. Speaking. You? Yes. I've been hearing and that interferes. I'm in Ronin in the North West. And that interferes you get in the back. Is QA. Right. Right. Exactly. It's still down there. He cranked up the thing. No, man. I was there. But sometimes, you know, it comes to a little bit then from the kind of words they're talking about. So I think they are, they are. I've never gone by a lingual. Maybe that's the new format that they want to film me by yet. I asked our operations manager this morning. You know, have you heard anything about it? Well, just what you was said on your show the other day. So they're obviously right on top of us. Our management people. Yeah. Well. And that's that that I can hear real fun. Well, okay. We just stepped on a little senior cruise in the background. We can have an 80 share by the end of the year. I'm trying to do it. Well, I'm going to do this, Mommy. You going to the location, make a wish? Yes, sir. Okay. Well, have fun. Thank you. All right. Bye. See you. That was a hard find wish. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless lines. If you don't know what that guy's talking about. His little bit of chatter in the background, a Castro cranked up. He took some of the juicy taken away from the Cuban Porsche Lepers down there. And he's cranked up one of his high powered, the funny stations. Right. So we got all little, a Spondy-L chatter in the background. No, no matter what language you speak, we got to hear for you. It's quite a place. Okay. Let's take over to that pole result so far. Now, I'm really thinking very seriously about that. The Judas de Roja deal. Yeah. Although, normal don't look like Judas de Roja. Uh, allows you lay 51. Which of these things would you most hate being thought of as? Time would dumb 51. Republican 49. Frass lob 33. Religious Panadic 20. Tolmo 20. Boring 15. Ugly. 9. Win 7. Short 30. 2. 5. If don't call us number. Let's say here's another effects. Did you see Mr. Powell? That's Michael Powell, of course son of Roland Cullen. That's sellout. One of the SEC members came out in half time. One of the football games that I remember which one I have the direct TV package. To encourage people to buy into HDTV. I'm not a fan. I've got to hear some of them. Wasn't even going to use this. Did you have an answer to that question? Have you heard of that? That was curious about that. Curious about what? The guy is that he find my crap here. I'm helping you kill tons. So you can find your crap there. It's in my pile. There's Ricky Williams. We want to talk about him. No. We're going to have to. Ricky wants to go back. Yeah. Ricky I've had only his out of money. Oh, and it's for here. Go. Feds kick off digital TV consumer campaign. It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV. The digital transition and because many Americans are still in the dark about it, federal regulators begin an education campaign Monday to enlighten them. Okay. This is the answer to your question. Digital signals have snow or interference associated with traditional analog transmissions. Digital. What I just say they don't have snow. Digital also allows broadcast to offer sharper movie theater quality pictures available to the side definition TV to see those eye popping pictures. I think it was however we'll need a high definition television set or HD TV. For the vast majority of American households, digital television may be uncharted territory. FCC commission chairman the anxious obnoxious Michael Tal said we will not let them go go it alone. At a news conference, Palo announced the new web site to answer questions about digital TV. It will stay reviewers will need once broadcast is switched from transmitting analogue signals to digital and list high definition programming offered in local communities. Palo was also referred on ABC's Monday and football to push the transition to digital. Congress had a target data December 2006 from broadcast to share from analogue transmissions to digital that babies widely expected to slip because only a small slice of the population of digital television or DTVs. They consume or electronics association that makes it about 10% of US households 11 million and a long-awaited digital sets. Last year about 4 million DTVs were sold on the associated space Americans to buy about 7 million this year. Byrs have several options ahead of the transition to an all-digital signal that can either kill themselves that can take their TV and shut it in the bottom of the swimming pool. They can purchase a new digital TV set was cost from $100 to more than $7,000. Or sure, maybe a bush could put them in there again. He'll give you another TV. He'll give you a new HD TV brand new one. Pretty attached for it. While expensive prices have been coming down over the years in Palo City, they've got a lot of money to do with the new HD TV. If I make it the path, those who give me new HD TV say watch those hockey games and high definition that they ever decide to play again. For those who don't have cable to settle like TV, they want to show out of hundreds of dollars for a new set. A converter box will be available to receive and be code digital signals with cost about 200 bucks. The SEC's call plans to have five member commission both this year and a proposal to set the end date for the transition to digital to January 2009. The 2006 target they said by Congress was continuing on 85% of the company has been holding this out on that year. I've been wasn't able to film the way of talking about jobs that have come up with the ugly mosquito Shrimp that they're taking nineteen 주는 to sell the dog feed bill. But it was said so I knew that hydraulic building could do a great job. It didn't work too hard. I'd say the strict scheme to be able to give them everything they own. I think they might not like having it ended upwith them. But what do you think we're doing like this? Our community team's plan. This will be almost resetting a view. So I'm not so great. Here's the answer for a dry concept. And don't forget, you're carpeting like I've been telling you for a long time. This is bad as you're sick when it comes to collecting germs. So call my good friends a dry concept. Today, and sanitize your home, I've been using them for over 20 years in my houses. And boy, did they do a job for you? And even as long as I've been using them, every time they leave, you just look at that floor and you say, how the hell did they do it? They drive clean your carpet. Same idea is directly near clothing and believe you me. The stains go away, they don't come back. And don't worry about those scams. Those thought-native fine-for-room scam artists because dry concepts and tiny games with it, they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job. So whether it's your carpeting, your area rub, your expensive oriental rub, your furniture drapery, all of these things, these are the folks you want to do business with. Give them a call, toll free, 1-800-248-5071. They shrug up on time, they give you nice roads at the end of the year when you hand them a check, and also, can't hand brand new laid right on your floor. 1-800-248-5071, or check them out on the web at dryconcephs.com. olika webhead calls and writes, and keeps and supports the food, the sounds, it's provided in our targets, and it's a great опunt by the schedule, which is very intelligent event of theirunda, which a breezy later anh questionnaire improves their response to their parents at their students' hospital and it can also provide them with their own Miami's awful, don't bet on them no more reasons They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to flock Their coaches are the seldom to defend their jacks Then they would run much faster and even into the top When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami, keep them there Miami's awful, Miami's awful, Miami's awful Miami's awful, Miami's awful, Miami's awful Miami's awful, Miami's awful, the scene that hasn't got a clue Miami has the confidence that the dolphins have no fans Just 50,000 animals sitting in the stands They watch the game and all they do is mowing gripe and bitch I wonder how Joe Abbey got the piece so bad And rich in there the Miami's awful, Miami's awful Miami's awful, the summer, how many things will be good? Yeah, Miami's awful, Miami's awful, Miami's awful I hear the crowd begin to fool me You hear the crowd, you hear the dolphins have no fever That quarter, back's a juice, run down the field And he will go up past over you, I'll never win A super bowl you should be surprised When he gets cut that does it mean that he was certain Sides in there the Miami's awful, Miami's awful Miami's awful, the summer, how many things will be good? Miami's awful, Miami's awful, Miami's awful Miami's awful, Miami's awful, the scene that hasn't got a clue But dolphins have no teeth and they're often cis at joke Like George Bush eating pretzels, do know they're gonna choke They'll always get subpointed when they're in a playoff race With fewer points than fuck marks on my fingers I'll always face in there the Miami's awful Miami's awful, the Miami's awful, the Miami's awful Miami's awful, the Miami's awful, the Miami's awful Miami's awful, the Miami's awful, the spring said, he really get our condemnation And if you look tonight, Dan, what is it? Another bebody Subs�� and mutat immigrated Since it's really all the same, yeah, you right here Ricky Williams, they're going to Jim Brown, they could have a girl's sears, waterpain, sandy-pain, and they still wouldn't be able to rub with that offensive line, okay? Because they're living up to their name. They are offensive. I'm like, of course, the thing we got on our website. How come we didn't have any comment on it? That's a, oh, okay. All the sudden. It's off the air on our beauty curtain, man. That is just asked to ask. I thought you could ever ask for it. I would want to say, Dick Cheney's a liar, but you know what? What? He's a liar. Vice President Dick Cheney said, this is on the ABC News website. Now some liberal comedy, Pinko, a left-wing rag. Dick Cheney said, last night that he, during the debate was Senator John Edwards, it marked the first time he had made, in fact, the two of the Middle East three times previously, he made the remark while accusing Edward's of her advances from the Senate votes. See, again, Edwards' humbax were so weak. Like when he tried to like distort his thing, when he was talking about 90% of the coalition casualties were American. I mean, it was very obvious what those statistics have been about. And all, you don't care about our refugees. You're minimizing the refer to your refugees, your soldiers, my mobile, your refugee troops, and you're making, oh, man, he let him just walk all over more than that or come to Boy John Edwards. No wonder they've been keeping him in a broomcloth at most of the time. And in small, I mean, when they said about the campaign in Geneva in New York, then you know, they don't want any high visibility for him, Johnny Boy. He's not ready for prime time yet. Anyway, Cheney lied. I mean, Cheney said, now in my capacity is Vice President on the President of the Senate, the presiding officer. I'm up at the Senate most two days when they're in session. The first time I ever met you was when you walked on the stage tonight, Cheney told Edward during the debate. I've got Roy won 2001, the Vice President, I think, Edwards by name and a Senate prayer breakfast, and set me side him during the event. On April 8, 2001, Cheney and Edwards' short hands when they met off camera during a tipping of NBC's meet-up press, Latarator Tim Russo had said Wednesday on today. And on January the 8th, 2003, the two-month-long first day, first term restaurant, a Senator company, Elizabeth Doolt, who was sworing in by Cheney as an North Carolina Senator, Edwards Aves also said. Edwards didn't forget their prayer breakfast meeting. They didn't require to Vice President or candidate, nor did the discrepancy to post the date route in Cleveland Park, calling it an example of Cheney. Still not being straight with the American people. Last slide, widening the state of the event last night, per the means of us who were watching on the program. God. The Vice President said that the first time I met Senator Edwards was tonight when we walked on stage. So I guess he forgot the time. We sat next to each other for a couple of hours about three years ago. I guess he forgot the time we went to the sworing in another Senator. So my wife Elizabeth reminded him on the stage, Edward said, as the crowd roared. According to Edward Stath, Cheney replied, oh yeah. She reminded him about the truth Edwards told the crowd, and come November, we'll get reminded of the American people that want four more years to George W. Bush. Or their lies. That's their specialty. We're lying over here. Some people say, I'm dying on the head. I'm dying on the head. Most of the troops, of course, in all the innocent Iraqi people that were supposed to be emancipating and liberating, as if that's the business we're in. I'm dying on the head. And the administration says, we're lying over here, just like that reported it. It's absolutely positively. This is the last until the next one report that there were no weapons. 1991, he destroyed all of them. Chemical and biological mineral vegetable, all of these things. Well, he should have attacked this. That's right. That will teach him. Martin in Fort Myers sends me a very inspirational fact here today, which is good. I could use it today. If you're all a hard human work I put in last night to get this thing all back up with a phone company. And I don't want to pet myself on a back up. I would even mention it. We're not for the fact that at the same time, simultaneously, while trying to watch her and I'd love it again, getting ready for the United Clock debate simultaneously, when there was this latest QM temperature, and this was under full and this was ever overdue. You did it. You know, and at again, I'll go back to the fact that my age of the Zayn in Compoop. He was at a play last night, by the way. He was at a play. Got a people go to play. Fags, gay. Martin in Fort Myers said, you're New York. I'm a New York longtime listener from the West Coast of Florida. I listen to your great show almost every day. You're signal here's a little weak, but with good radio and antenna listable. It's a little weak like how Martinez voiced in a Godfather. Thank you for entertaining us. People are still believe in free world, which is now in great danger for most Nazis who call themselves our leaders. I heard you this morning talked about going to satellite radio, and I was Howard Stern is going to satellite radio, but it says, please go right now. Okay. Even if you were the only show on satellite radio, it'd be more than glad to pay those $10 monthly fees. I wouldn't have to listen the Howard Stern to commercials, but I could listen to Fartsounds, uncensored bits, and the full range of your language. So please consider it and go. Go now. Let's play that the Moody Blues. What do you say? All right. You got it there, don't you? Yeah, it's scratchy though. It's another one of its gifts. Sorry. We need, we need you on a donation while I thank you again and good luck to us all. Especially in the premises. Martin in Fort Myers. If I say a lot, Martin's, I echo your sentiments, baby. Let's go. If I can tell something I have to be a more on to like do any extension to you. I'm not that it's going to happen anyway, because next to another is no doubt that the normal can't have his factor. He's the a feared factor. That's when the EV on the end of the fear. He's the feared factor. Feared by anyone that was a brain, because he's just an accident way to happen. He's created such a atmosphere of hostility. Now the pain no chance he's going to be negotiating anything, how to do it with me. So I'd probably just be smart just to kind of like wait it out, you know? See what I'm saying? Yeah, I hear it. And then we go to a serious or whatever. I then would get serious. And it doesn't which I may be wrong, but it seems to me that going to serious is not working for another radio station, right? That's correct. Seems to be. Yeah, the whole thing is getting to be really ugly. They hold a situation there. Now that we got this stern thing going to, you know, I mean, it's just again, all the publicity now he's been on CNN. It's headlines in every paper. I mean, the master is not he's not the king of all media. He's the king of height. There's no, but I said that forever. Yes, you have. I have never seen anybody. I hit my hat to him. Man, I salute him. Who can get the hype that this guy can get? And then more often than not about nothing. But this is a big thing now. This, and you know, he says now he's got three channels that are going to let him program put people on here. Like I said, I always love how it a lot, you know? Not that I would kiss his ass, but seems to say, okay, I rented Furnit 9, 11 last night and it was great. The part that I was very disturbing was that the Fox News Network announced that W was winning Florida. The entire election after the other night was sent out score with the winner. Also, that W is nephew was working on that night, unless you coverage her Fox News. That is correct. Lately, my wife, for registered Democrat is the listening to Anne Talk Radio, Beck, Russian Hannity. Oh, Jesus, is believing a little further than Republican side. But after watching Furnit 9, I love him. He last night, she's back in our team. She's been listening to Glenn Beck, Larna S. Poppin, Lidba and Sean Hannity. Oh, Jesus. Where are you from? Everybody see this movie before the election. I highly recommend this Steve dump his wife, dump the bitch right now, okay? Can you believe that? She's listened to a much of right wing propaganda and the Nazi dump her. Well, I'll see you one thing Steve. I dug the bitch right now. Here we go. That's it. That's the answer to all your problems, if you ask me. Problem at this past noon, we're going to take a million calls today between now and two, because I'm sure that the audience is filming at the mouth about the, uh, the, uh, the serious thing about how it's during, I think? Oh, yeah. Sure would notice it. How's the pull coming? Speaking of getting serious. Which of these things would you most hate being thought of as? Well, I would worry that that's pretty poorly, but I'm different. We don't worry about grammar or scrolling crap like that. I'm not sure where I would read anyway. 238 vote. Well, the fun I just did. I just did something I want to do on there. How do I do that? 238 dumb 69 Republican 65 a Lousy, Leah 64 a fat slob 44 religious fanatic 31 1025 boring 17 you believe 11 went nine short three. Doll fangs is what I don't have any yet. That's probably even no wonder why? Like, because they're earning. Not no more. Not no more. I noticed all those people disguised as empty or in seats at the jet game and boy after that performance. Wow. Wow. Wow. You've got that. You didn't remind me that. Hi. You know, I mean, somebody had somebody else tomorrow. I guess the issues. And tissues. Hey, with all of Hurricane mess in September, Armstrong 4 to home state has got to clear out all remaining old force to make room for the O5s. You'll save like never before on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate delivery. Choose from the Ranger, Tundra and F-150 pickups, explorers and expeditions, convex tourists, focuses and mustangs. Every O4 on blood Armstrong 4 to home state has been drastically reduced and you'll save thousands. Plus Armstrong 4 offers more value to its little customers when you buy your 4 from Armstrong 4, you'll get their exclusive tires and bad ways for life program. That is absolutely correct. You get tires and bad ways for life. So, like if you had a flat tire this morning, like you did, yeah, no problem. The value of Gidd Armstrong 4 doesn't stop there because right now you get a few Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy. If you've been wanting a new car, but you've been putting it off weight no mull because David Rich and his staff at Armstrong 4 to home state will guarantee you the best price and don't forget. Armstrong 4 to home state is locally owned and operated. They treat your life family. No affoing deals, no bait and switch. You won't get a better deal on a forward anywhere in town. Armstrong 4 to home state, you'll find him at 307 25, South, 60 high wages, 20 minutes south of the 36th is well worth the drive. Check them on a web at Armstrong cars.com and then drive a little and save a ton on the new Ford only from Armstrong Ford of home state. Breadham and Faggie. Celebrity for a consistent 7 week densely new heights. Elizabeth Tinger has white diamonds. Jennifer Lopez has glow. And now Ford Neelow has clemedia. The enticing new aroma from Courtney loves holes surprised the one you love by giving them clemedia. The contagious shrinkance from Courtney loves. Look for the bottle shape like a bottle which is just for the bottle clemedia. Available it's smears wedded, GCPU. Now getting greens location. I don't forget top edge and coat look what I got. It's 2018 at 5, 60 W to Q and so also reminder joined Jordan Miguel Boca-Bron. Five is coming today for happy hour at Persia Island. Just off the pulmetro. Just wrote that the hundred and twenty-sixth is being exited. Stop by for prizes. Beers special in this week's feature. Asked been rain. Now. Now it's here's the new day version of the Eastern Story in the serious thing. How are sooner will be leaving a syndicated talk show on Infinity Broadcasting Corp for a deal with satellite radio provider series beginning January 1, 2006. And series series in certain amounts today. Series didn't immediately disclose the exact times of the multi-million dollar five year deal that the company did say. Stirn roll and need to generate approximately a million subscribers in order to cover the cost of the deal which is small potatoes that would be easy. Total cost to produce in the show which would run every market across the company's estimated to be about a hundred million dollars according to figures in the news release. In fact the Sun Sentinel and some of the other papers are running pulls on us. Would you pay ten bucks to hear the stern show? And like forty two I think I know it's only about three hundred responses so far in the Sun Sentinel one. I'll look forty two percent said yes they pay the ten bucks. So he don't need anywhere near forty two percent of the listeners. See what I'm saying? That's what you said. I swear to show this morning's firm said that as part of his deal he'll control the programming on three serious channels. One of which will be a premium page channel right now. Stirn syndicated two areas on WXRK. K-rock in New York. I've decided what my future is during tolders millions of listeners today. It's not this kind of radio anymore. No mole. Stirn who's battled for years with the FCC and it relishes right over his Salatius show's content removed to the National distributor of commercial for music and sport programming it is conferred for the infinity broadcasting inspires in fifteen months but he will sign today stern said. I mean Monday what's today Wednesday? Monday. On title of the censorship said stern of show is dropped by media conglomerate chief camera communications in April after the FCC proposed that almost half million dollar fine against it for comments made by the nation's number one shock jaw. Don't you just love that term? Oh, jack. He's a shock jack. The FCC is stopping from doing business during said clear channel to you ex-lovers I will bury you. Stirn also experts hope that his entire staff which was informed of the deal on the air this morning would join him on e-moods. Signing how his stern is without a dot the most exciting and transformation event in the history of radio said now we already went to that puppies. It's been my dear brother over in the that the that he did it. Stirn is about to keep you show on here in some conventional markets earlier this year we know about that series reaches more than ten million this year that were satellite TV and series radio satellite subscriber nation wide providing listeners with over 120 channels of commercial free music sports information and entertainment how come I'm not on it. Infinity a subsidiary of Icon Inc. has about 185 stations in 40 West markets and you're the partridge in the character. Partridge family in a period three. How do you like that? So you're the lead to steel on that. And the phones you just man look if you have never seen a response anything like this in your life. Have you ever seen it? It's kind of like that debate last night coma inducing and not much going on. Well that's why you feed you you people are. You 567.0.560 that's why I said they're feeble. Count five 60.0. You've arrived in singular wireless lines. WQA and hello. Any other idea about it? Okay, pali. Hey listen I'm excited about it. I got a bit. I already call Brad's heart figure out what's going to cost me. Like 80 to 80 to 80 and 90 dollars. Plus you got to pay like 50 dollars for the cradle that the star is dosing. Well, you know he's wondering that he talked about this morning. He said that he and people invited the ready that he wanted to pull off radio and bring with him. And I mean for somebody like you you. Exactly. I mean you guys are great. I love the way I should both share a lot. You really do. Yeah. And if you like to surprise you guys you guys have a lot of opinions on a lot of things that have matched up identical. And I think you'd be a great great asset to have. He says he's still doing a morning show. You can still have to 10 to 2 slots. Right. Screw the president. We don't need to vote for that. We need to vote deal with Cyrus radio. So that's what we're going to need. Right. Sounds good to me. Let's go deal on. Sorry. Let's get serious. That would be my slogan. What's wrong with that? I've been trying to hear shirts get infected. Remember why he's to do those awful appearances and sign those cards? Get serious. Get serious. All right. I think that's a great idea. We got to have a motion campaign all set up. And then we wouldn't have to worry about Joyce and about oh they're paying in her pants because we said this and we farmed it up. Yeah, and again he can't play the companies for it. It's just their reaction to it. Bring degrees. The fact that a matter which you got about to you got a fascist government there that doesn't want to roll out anybody to say anything. How can the entertain people what he's like time both your hands behind your back and then put a bunch of duct tape over your mouth? Oh, you can't play that and you certainly can't say that every time we say well how about this and they check out what Joyce over there on the West Coast. Now you can't have either way, Chris. We're on you. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. What a turn to a man. What a funny. Having to deal with all this. See, I'm going to say if I had a real agent and we were involved with the real company as soon as Steer and Made that announcement on the year this morning, what you was talking about it evidently all morning long for more. We got the drift a bit and we asked if this was some of it. As soon as that happened, management of this stage would have been on a phone with a if I were had a real agent, which I don't with him and said, okay, let's do that. We knew the agent just to cover their ass. You know what I'm saying? Just to have salt. That's right. No, not just have something, but just to make sure that they extend their what they got. Right. Because when you have the opportunity not only the content of the programs, but stop and think about the difference of the digital quality and what you're hearing is opposed to. When you've this way, if you got a Spanish language saved in the back and then we're driving along other of the electric wires here on 441. Where yeah, crank up some of that music in the back and I'll give you an idea what AM radio sounds like. Yeah, or two but I didn't do that when we had the old compressor in here. That would have done it. Yeah, it would have been great. So it's something to think about, okay, but now I'm involved in the middle of all this mass mayhem and crazy people in egos. Oh, I'm upset. Did you really say this? And did this in really yeah? Why don't you people grow up all the way? You're okay. And conduct business like business. Too much like I said monkey business, both in a white house in a 2 AM. And I've permission to normal can't. That's another stir for another day that one at that queen. God. Oh, speaking of that, Jeff Strow's out Louisiana game, Erich van. Good segue. Thank you. A state judge yesterday throughout Louisiana Constitutional Amendment banning game nerds less than three weeks after it was overwhelming approved by the voters. And you notice both the changing Edwards last night. They didn't want to touch any of that stuff. They were tossing that hot potato back at what's your name. What is your name? The host. I hope it's with the moderator. She loves week. Thank you. Come in. Oh. District Judge William Warband said the amendment was flawed as drawn up by legislature because it had more than one purpose banning that way. The Emerge Laws also said the unions. Michael Johnson at attorney for supporters of the amendment city will appeal the ruling. A gay rights group challenged him and on several grounds arguing among other things that the combining the question of gay marriage and the issue of civil unions and one ballot question violated state law. The courts are rejected the similar argument before the Supreme Court in Washington saying it was premature. It was a premature evaluation. Some 78% of those voting favor the amendment in fact. I think one thing in Louisiana and all the other Southern states and maybe even some of the northern states. If they wanted to put segregation on a ballot, put it to a vote. Oh, yeah. Sure. Let's bring that back. Let's put it to a public vote whether minorities can have rights. That's always a real good idea. I'm not my fan asked this sitting. You idiots, you mullarons. That's what America has become. And we did do a good job on that about how they used that issue was a, you know, and it's just a stir up a lot of hate just for divisiveness. This is the conservative compassion, whatever the hell they call themselves. We're going to bring these and see and bring the country together again. Yeah, right. He was okay for about like maybe four or five minutes. Who had a bit about a 10 minute debate? It might have been worth the effort. 26 past no and at five 60 WQM. It's that time of year again when the mattress chain stores and처럼 starts screaming the hovering with their phony sales events. It's Columbus Day sales coming. You don't want to deal sounds too good to be true guess what it usually is. It's the classic blatant swish technique. Make it tempting offered to get your ass in and then aggressively upset you. When you need to pick up the fall right now, don't go anywhere. Just call 1 800 mattress because that's the under-call for dial-a-mathrus ribbon by my mattresses for years now. dial-a-mathrus is proud to carry the best in the universe TV posture, Petic the number one branded mattresses anywhere is. Call 1 800 mattress today. We'll get factory direct prices on all TV posture, Petic. When you call 1 800 mattress, you'll get same data delivery all across South Florida by calling that number. You choose from the deepest and water selection of TV betting all available for a same data delivery and keep in mind you still get to pick the date and time that to our window for delivery to fit your busy schedule. All those smart folks around QA and some of the dollars too even are calling 1 800 mattress for their betting and believe you ought to be doing the same. Give a great night's sleep on a silly part of your Petic bed tonight and for years to come from our friends at dial-a-mathrus. Just sit there, reach over grab that thing and a phone too, and dial 1 800 mattress. You can check online if you like it at naithrus.com. But whatever you do, make that call the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do, 1 800 MATTR-E-S. And don't forget that we have had enough. Have you moved it? We have had enough. We're in theory that she can feed them totally a lot. If I say couple of times I am totally f*** talk video hat, well I'm a vlog, because they have been seen from my own f***ing I keep asking myself, wondering how I get girls to show their f***ing guys to see why they have been the stars just throwing the towel. They are seeing see if they're buying my gold pal. This is the top show in town. All the things that they've done now, they can be done generally. What if they're looking for a wall? What if they've been done? You can be saying to me, you need to be kidding. What if they have been done? We have had enough. Prof. Iituya, one little nipple baby in dissonant America, that was the excuse to be used to dissonant American into a psychotic anti-saccial revolutionist version. I was just looking for the excuse, just like we were looking for the excuse to go to Iraq. 400 and eight votes on a poll, which of these things would you most hate being thought of as dumb 79, allows you to lay 78 Republicans 76, fat, slob 50, religious, fanatic 44, 44. What about if you're a fat, slob, Republican religious, fanatic, and allows you lay in your Denver, Denver, which goes along with it. You've got service baby. Homeau, about what happened? 30, homeau, 30. Boring suit 18, ugly 13, 12, golf and five, and short only three. Nobody minds being short. I might do it a lot. Yeah, that's what he says here is short. It's not like I always stop in the face. What a good way to do it. That's right. That's not about the mean. None. No, about it being short, not being called short. Jerry says, I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but open an Anthony of resurfaced on XM satellite where you want a new premium channel with cost necks for a buck 99 a month. Also, Bob Edwards from NPR is on XM now two for no extra cost. How do you like that? Yeah, Bob Edwards fan. I am. You're not? I don't remember that is. From NPR. Yeah, I know Phil Watson. He's the only one I know. No, you used to listen before Phil Watson was on. That's right. Because you've got that's right. Because you've got that's right. Because you've got that's right. Because you've got that's right. Because I wanted younger than the graphics. He was over the age of 10 and so they wanted, you know, well, that case. The only thing is the open Anthony that's fine. I'm all for everybody in the business. He can't stand him all for everybody because I'm for the people who do the entertaining and that really, with the audience and bring all the money through you know. I'm sure, even if it's that your cup of tea. Right. But the fact that matter is that Stern is the only one on a nationwide basis who's really, you know, got to know the right in the audience and the power and the hype to be able to really make it work on a gigantic scale. Yes. And this is only me the beginning. So, why do I give my number? Tell that on buck wall or I even talk to our buck wall. He's got a good sense of humor. Here's one from Henry and Fort Lauderdale was says on Henry the person that Lauderdale, La La La La La La La La La La La La said you, you, what? I test over car. What I was doing at the very first time. Oh, I see great, so long time. Let's go on a great, this is for I'm in great support of serious satellite radio. A lot of car manufacturers including BMW offers serious satellite is either a fact reaction or dealer installed upgrade. I'm constantly played by poor reception with you and that I'm played by long periods of silence. I think it would be, yeah, that would be another thing to you when after we're about all at silence sounds of silence. Oh, well, we can't play the commercials on there because that union's been on strike for 20 years now. I think of what enable people from other reasons to appreciate enjoy your show's and George's as well. P.S. by now I'm hoping for the Finns to go either one in 15 or what is that? I don't know. Football language. I'm a good, or oh and 16 so Mr. Oragista's for you, man. Thank you, and we're in full waterdale and George liked the car. In fact, he loved that, he'd give it to him. Yeah, give it to me. Why? What's our land? Nothing. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and he Verizon singular wireless lines. We got the mad dog at you. All right. Where's that drop in? We have that in the ECS about the the game on solid at fantastic play. Indeed, we do. What are you saying? Ha ha ha ha ha. Put that baby on a ground again. Well, he found out that with the football's pig skin, you know. And it was not a good idea for a guy like J. Feele. He has squeeze that pig skin. So we got a whole fat and he just tossed it. Yeah, like that we do when I start with, I think about game marriages between the Airways and Cheney tossing out hot potato back and nobody wandered. WQAM, hello. There's Neil aware of the FDLE probe and the Florida Department of Law enforcement Leon County. It's on the front page 12 A of today's post. We tried to change a bunch of students to Republican 1500 of them. Well, beauty. What will get a position? The Palm Beach post on page 12 A. It's called FDLE probing voter forms. I think he might be interested in that. Okay, thanks a lot, Brown. See you all. I like that. It's in the Palm Beach post. I'll check it out during the break. Yeah, well, all you students out there, you must be Republicans. We're going to put you in nice brown uniforms of a nice high boots and you can mark your hand those belt buckles if you qualify for the SS. It's going to be great. You're in love it. Line nine. I think the first time today. 2 AM, hello. Oh, yeah. Did you notice how Cheney looked like he was just hunched over kind of like a almost half dead. Right. Now, what he was going to collapse. I said that before in the second hour, looked like one point he put his chin in his hands and he kind of lurched. I thought either he was having a coronary episode. It was just going to go into a coma. Now, this is a man that's our heartbeat away from being president. Yeah. Why don't people stop and think of say, hey, just that alone? Not just their policy. Hey, it was good enough for what he may say, hey, I just like say, and you know, I hope you go to satellite radio too because that'll be really the best because that would be the bomb man. Because you know, it's got to happen. It's sort of grateful that this is the 21st century 2004. Where if we have my heart sounds like even pay my heart sounds. How do you like that? That is just disgraceful that there's no excuse for that. I'd I can't believe it. Oh, that's right. Let me go. Okay. Now, I have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'll keep the welcome at up for you. Oh, speaking of the board of Republicans, say, filmmaker Michael Moore and you've got to watch Fernide 911. Get your video started a few days. If you didn't do it yesterday, shame on you. Shame on your ass. And get Fernide 911. Get a whole bunch of copies for your neighbors and your enemies and everybody stick with those trailer parks. Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, petitants and ramen noodles to college students and sing for their promise to vote. The Michigan Republican Party is as forecounty prosecutors to file charges against Moore, charging that is good out the votes down the mountain to bribery. Oh, my god. Talk about a sense of humor. Oh, geez. We want everybody to participate in this year's election, but not because they were bribed or coerced by the likes of Michael Moore said Greg McNeely executive director of the Michigan Republican Party. Moore, Michigan native, is touring the country and empowering slackers who usually don't vote into the polls this year saying they could make the difference in the presidential race. Moore has made stops at the two Michigan universities part of a 60 city pre-election tour. During each program, habitual non-votes are invited on stage to pledge to vote. First time student voters are offered gag prizes such as clean underwear. The GOP said Moore also offered students a clean dorm room a year as the platform for CEOs and a package of raw and noodles. The GOP said it asked the prosecutors to charge Moore, a John Kerry supported with violating the Michigan's election law, which prohibits a person from contracting with another for something of value and exchange for a green of vote. Oh, wait a bit. Wait a bit. Wait a bit. What's flavor around the noodles? He doesn't say, okay, because that means all the difference. Moriah, Moriah Miller, a spokeswoman, or a pariah Miller, spokeswoman for the Wayne County Prosecutors office refused to come out on the matter, calls to more and other prosecutors were immediately returned yesterday. Oh, yeah, that's a handy face to Friday and Michigan, God Almighty. Matt is saying, 20 to one at QAM. Get me some wash and a fetch. I don't care if they hate from our righteousness. You choose to the torture, because they're just playing their game. In the past, it had to be worse because it's a dumb who's saying. Oh, the gravy, there's a couple of ways to be friends. And living in the life's forming, phone and friends of you were sent worldwide to my end up being one of those making files. On behalf of the family, I do understand no fear, no pain, myreatyast head and person who's a little bit of pain, myfore Frontline complaint of things with us and same. I'm just gonna respond. It was so bad, it was really fun and the whole day, Oh, come on, 45, but 560 WQAM. I looked at the Palm Beach Coast and the website. It really blows. I got a bad website. They don't have a search here, everything on there. Yeah. Option. Right. There's no search options. So as a result, you can't look anything up as personally if it's not on the first page, A, 1 or 2. So maybe something's got that story anymore. If I said it, it was or not as a case maybe whatever. 560, 560, pound, five60, any Verizon and singular wireless line. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, you know? Yes, sir. Hey, listen. That was wondering if there's anybody out there who can tell me why there is still a slight stage in the game. People who are undecided voters. Yeah, there are a lot of different people, man. A lot of stupid people. Yeah, you think? Yeah, these are the same people standing line in McDonald's and look at the menu for 15 minutes before they decide what they want. Yeah. Anyway, after all the debates and after all, everything else is going on in this campaign. I just cannot understand for the life of me why somebody who has a half of brain can't decide. No, you just can't. Yeah, you think? Anyway, I just want to make that comment and say if there's anybody out there who knows why these people have cranial rectal inversion. Okay, thanks for the call. Thanks. 560, 560, pound, five60 on a Verizon. These say something about rectum and singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. 2AM? Hey, Neil, I just cannot understand. Best by got my satellite equipment. I'm ready to go. And, Neil, you see what self promotion has gotten you? Me, one. You know, because you say it Howard, he, you know, he boosts his ego and his self promotion. But look where it's gotten him. Because he's the man. Well, what self promotion am I doing? What was that mean? Exactly. You need a new agent, bud. You need a new agent. You're talking that's right. Now you're talking. That's good not funny. Okay, let me know if you find a good one. Okay, maybe what's his name is still around? Janko. Oh, yeah. I'm going to say something. Oh, yeah. Well, once I let saw that. And that was the training point of my life. That was my history like go shot to that plot. But that was the end of my career. I mean, I'm doing fairly well. But that could have been, I could have been a contender baby. This show could have been something with all of us. You and me and even little Josh there. We could have been making millionaires. I hope so. And of course, Volka Brian, he could be like the retirees bald spot. You could actually afford to buy a car. Right. And a herpes. He said this. So yes, Merlin Monroe Wiggies, we're in whatever the thing is. We do Hayward. Yeah, we could have, but it's just, you know, when you deal with a guy who thinks he's something that he's not and who was worried about his own ratings, house his ratings on FTL on Saturday morning. And if there's anybody at the court, I was listening to normal camp under radio because he's a big hot chat attorney. He sold his tag magazine and he said the play last night. Oh, huge. Well, well, how did I get the involved in that? Yeah. Yeah. I get involved in that crate. Trying to be something that you're not a radio naven. And when he called me this morning about eight o'clock, you know, about 10 o'clock. Excuse me, he just barely knew anything about the stern thing. Okay. Now anybody who's involved even peripherally in the broadcasting industry, that had to be the biggest story in years and a long, long time. And but it would be better, and all he's worried about is the fact that the joy is just picking on them over their Naples. You go joy is rip him in the ass, okay. And by the way, you ain't no prize either, honey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a Verizon, singular wireless lines. Look at these collage man, are they smoke it or what? See, that's it. That was the one. Well, I'm not concerned. I know what they're doing. They're busy smoking because they shouldn't call on us. WQA and hello. You're fine, either honey. You're fine. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm more apart the meal. Speaking. Roger? No. Downs. WQA and hello. I had the misfortune of catching somebody who you're age in radio show once. After they're morning. Oh, you're the one. It was soon after the Democratic Convention. And you make this as an online statement. You go to Democrats. And the Boston Reds, the action, have their convention and not go over it because they both, you know, fall out of the race. Oh, boy. Yeah. See, I think there's always some baseball analogy. You always come to theotic baseball comment. I think to my stomach, listen to that. Yeah. I thought he's supposed to be some sort of a little kind of a guy. I mean, if he, I don't know, I'm so an adult. I'll be saying you one thing right now that he is not. Okay, and that is, well, two things he's not. A broadcast or a broadcast agent. Other than that, he's of anything. Some of which we can't say. 560560, POM560 on the Verizon and Singular Alliance. Line 9 knows. Oh, QAM. Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, what's going on? I wanted to have mentioned that though. My favorite line last night was, Freelder is exactly what's written on my blog. But, um, and we're, uh, ended it with, uh, and that's the height of your hypocrisy, as what he said. That was great. But, I treat it. That's okay. Great. Ha ha ha ha. That was great. Why not? Why do you have something you may have a point that may have been in it, which is best line. And we're up, not that any good line from that debate last night. It was, uh, horrendous. And the fact that there are even people discussing enough. I mean, just forget about it. It was, it was, nobody votes because who's going to be device president. And so he's a heartbeat away. Nobody cares about that. Nobody gives a flying crap. I think what they had to do is all a favor and just eliminate, uh, vice presidential debates. Like a horrible moment, julee, reman. Oh, for you too. I think that time range is a very honorable man. Oh, God. Pretty sad. Dan says the ACA used having people take over voter empowerment cards to pull. What is it? They're taking voter empowerment cards to pull so that when they try to screw us out of our right to vote, people know what to do. You can get them from the ACA website. I attached one anyway to waste facts. I asked you or tried to write that. Go to the ACA website to give it like a little thing, a little three by five thing. And if they try to deal with it, the appalling place, it tells you exactly what to do, where to go, where to stick it, all of these things. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, they've got, could you find up in your listeners have like up, Spanish language in the background on your five or six? Yeah. All of them. No, that's the first we're hearing about it. What's crazy? Smart word, where do you live? Uh, for water. And for a lover down here in here? Yes. Is it loud? No, it's not loud. But I can make it out for you. Quiet or something. And someone is held, right? Yeah. One more good reason to be on satellite radio, right? That's nice. Thanks for the bad news, my friend. Okay. So there I haven't even afford loaded it on. It's on me. It would be like, well, I'm Palm Beach two where the AM signals week. Yeah. So if the other stuff filled us through with the 80 billion loss of cashers, cranked it up, right? I sure was that somebody at that radio station would take note of this and get a nice radio. Yeah, right. And what I said yesterday happened in WS News, so I know all about this one casher of Crankset. Let's see Tom said, oh, thank you very much, Tom. Here's that story. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating 1500 voter registration forms received by the Leon County Election Dorfis that apparently were altered to register local students as Republicans. What a surprise, huh? What a surprise. Not that there's a big scan going on a floor anything like that. There ought to be like a revolution in the state of Florida. People ought to be going crazy about this. Wasn't bad enough that they stole it right out from under your ass four years ago. Now you're going to sit back and let them do it again. Do it against gross again. I'm going to play that. I'm so whipped up. Can't you tell? I can't. County Election supervisor, Eon Centro, said it was suspicious enough that the registration forms were all photo copies. But the new voters were also between the ages of 18 and 24. Groups that often registered with no party affiliation. When we saw that all of these individuals were registered as Republicans a buzzer went off. Stanteau said, Most were students at Florida, A&M University, Florida State University or Tallahassee Community College. The office began calling the applicants. Contact a couple dozen before deciding to turn the voter forms over to the FDLE. The Leon County cases, one of several being looked at around the state. As voter fraud continues writing rampant and Florida under the leadership and encouragement of your fat ass governor and Glenda in the hood. Oh boy. Can't you hear us? You're small. It is maybe they're going to make you look like an honest bitch before they get done. What a joke. What a tragedy. Man, are you a carry people out there? Four or five times to be sure. Not a man. One of them just might count unless of course you're darken and brown. Then light brown. Darker than like a paper bag. WQAM hello. Hey, what's up, man? Yes sir. Call up the radio station about what you were saying before and just ask to speak to the I got a vote. Speak to the stupid cries. I like that one. The stupid cries. Bye bye. Love you. Ha ha ha. Wow. A little emotion when you say five six. About over 50 judges cracking his knuckles again. It's extremely annoying. To the in pound five six. The end of the rise in singular robbers lines. WQAM hello. QAM. I don't know. Yes sir. Hot knee. Hot knee. Hot knee. Hot knee. How are you? Okay. Are you broadcasting from Toronto or so far? No. No. Why do you want to know? Right. Don't you hear? Are you going to vote? Am I right? Are you going to vote? If you're in Toronto, then you definitely will be able to vote. I know. Will not be able to vote. Give it to absentee. Will it? Yeah. Have you seen the guy who's voting? Am I your friend? You know what's causing it? What is that sir? It's right. Yeah. You know what I hope you are you? Your voice. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Get a new phone too. By the way, while you're at it. Get a new instrument. 1256. 16 WQAM. Hey horse racing fans and poker players. Competal Park racing and poker has just the gambling action you'll be looking for. Just a half mile from both I and I. And the Florida Turn 5. Competal Park is easy to get to. And best of all Competal Park features three admission and three general parking everyday. Live harness racing and the poker was open every Friday and Saturday. Pompeo Park. Poker starts a new goes end of midnight. Live racing gets underway nightly at 7 25 and a PM. Airbie wins day Friday and Saturday. The poker room features tournament action with special Texas hold them and seven Thrads stood tournaments starting at noon. This Saturday October 9. Competal Park's got a $10 for $20 night. You pay $10 cash. You give $20 in Competal Park money. You buy any food and beverage. You got a $10 cash. You got a $10 cash. You get $20 in Competal Park money. You pay $10 cash. And you get $20 in Competal Park money. You buy food and beverages. You got a $10 cash. I got it. It's a bargone. Competal Park harness is also open seven days and nights a week with a best in Simultaneously harness racing through a bright highlight action from out of Crossroads America for you to watch and wage your run. Watch out for Ray McLeod Jr. Competal Park of Blacksouth of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road called 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 For the current race schedule or maybe our Macalory house you do it or go on a web at Competal Park dot com. Competal Park course power you can plunge your guts out. Your things are new, Roger. Roger. Roger. On the bright side of the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. On the station. Of 심heitney. On the playlow парing With my chest. On God's heart Round the doorage I'm just gonna call that no way. Cause I thought I'd not know him. You said I'm all I don't want. I'm ready for his eyes and I'm going to turn out a rock. Right, I'm free. So the fact is, I thought I'd die. Oh, man. I thought I'd die. I thought I'd die. Oh, man. I'm just letting him cross the email to the norm candidate. I'm thinking I don't want to be his deem song. It's a minute after one at five, 60 WQM, be sure you enjoyed George Broker, Broker, Brian, and my, I'm a yell. I have a similar frampy art treasure island. They located off the palm of the metal just roughly. 122nd sweet exit stuff. I for prizes, various specials in this week's feature. They lovely ass. Been rain. Here's a good story. In fact, I wonder why we didn't hear about this last night. How Chinese firm routed $132 million in Nigeria by a Tottenham lawyer. And attorney, and this is again from one of them, Brit paper, as a lawyer based in offices in a run-down part of North London, work with three British executives from the US construction group, Haliburton, to pay at least $132 million in unjustified fees to contracts in Nigeria. These payments, many of which occurred when Haliburton was being run by Dick Cheney, now the American vice president, helped to consortium including the US group to win a $12 billion contract in Bill of Gastromenal at Bonnie Island in Nigeria. How do you like that? As the criminal, they continue to round the world choking and surrounding the globe. I thought we'd be in with Zudemoth to hook on a Haliburton stuff last night, didn't you? I'd press that well at all. At all. And as he always does change his sluttle, wow, they just plug in a Haliburton just to change the issue and change his upright. In court documents submitted away French corruption investigation, Haliburton submitted paid $132 million to Jeffrey Tesla, a UK lawyer, Mr. Tesla's firm Kate Tesla is based on a run-down high street in Tonehand, North London. Mr. Tesla would not return calls, but his French solicitor admits Mr. Tesla received the money, his French lawyer admits Mr. Tesla received the money which he said was for advisory and other legitimate fees. Ride. It goes on like this on our website. It's a UK story. Cheneys firm out at 132 million in Nigeria and we're talking really busy. Millions just small potatoes compared to the theory, the highway robbery that goes on. It was weak. I don't care what anybody says, maybe you like the way he looks, maybe like that big chirpy on his upper lip, I don't know, but I thought he really. It had shirkled a lot of his relief to see that. Oh, I had a relief. Maybe they worked on it. And the trippy too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on now, that's the whole Howard Stern thing. Seaghosts you show you the national networks every newspaper, even the weekly leader, man, readers discuss, they all got it. And you ought to see the headline and that first of our printed out this morning, man Howard Stern and serious announced the most important deal in radio history. Oh, my God. I just hear, not since Grant took Richmond, but in radio history. It's the whole way. Right. Since Markoly was an infant. As Howard Stern announces, just to unbeknownst to even his management this morning, that he is leaving, if he had a this contract following at the end of the next year, and December is 205, and starting January 1, 2006 going on serious radio. He's going to get serious, in which case they'll be able to play and see whatever they want. And I'm sure that's going to ready first for somebody word police types out there and radio land. Oh, what am I going to do now? What am I going to do now? Behead this. Yeah. I'll find some new hobbies, some new people to harass, some new outlets for their first nation and their history, their closet writers. I'm sure it will happen. WDQA and hello. Me, other one thing I hope Bush Woodwind is best known at the Oscar's. WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just called to say, you're going to go. WQA and hello. Me, I got one for you. I think it's a scam. I got home yesterday, and I got a letter from the Democratic Party saying that I could mail in my house and fee value. I got quite a laugh from that, because for years ago I voted in dates and they made it to lose my dollar as it was like that. So I got you. You got to be kidding me. And I moved up the brawl and I'm going to try both enough here and see if that works any good. I'll try and improweled Tom Beach. Go to the key, and give it a shot there until K4, be good. Good number. Tom Beach, stay brawd and mum row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You know, seriously, if you vote for a time, you've got a chance they might count one if it's for carry. If you vote for a time for Bush, I'll cover his eight. Somebody QM hello, that's the new man. QM. New I am so upset. I'm up back one man. I'm going to vote for K3 to hear. But every time you talk about Westgoyne, I'm with a voting in our votes going to count. I want to scream. Why aren't we doing anything? What do we need to do? Who do we need to call? What do we need to mark? Do we need to walk off the US? What? What? Can we do? All of these things. Yeah, I would say yeah. All of these things. Who's with us? Who's helping? The ACAU. What do we call them? What do we say? What do we need to go online on the ACAU? You go in and I've said they've got a little instructional thing there to make sure that you're vote counts. And if they have any, if they give you any flag at the appalling place, it's got all the instructions on what to say and where to go and who do I choke. All right, but people show up. Show up. They always bring your people. Don't miss out on this one. I would jam like 20 or 30 in the car, Manning in Dragon Island or because I'm taking it. They often will be. We will be there. Good job sweet. I think. Bye bye. See how we like that. There's a nice black lady who's just foaming it from out because she wants to vote counted. She's been disenfranchised. Just like, how do you like it? Oh man, that's opening one of the opening scenes there. Right. In front of 9.11. The role where they got all the mostly. Oh, hello. We just had a power thing here. Yeah. And I said, well, yeah, yeah. Well, I guess maybe. Okay. And it's going to keep talking out here. It's good practice. And in front of 9.11, one of the early scenes where the members write out for the election, where he says that we really go through this, or we sleeping was it just the nightmare after, listen, there and there. Right, we're in the right wingers at Fox. Oh, I guess about Bush really won and we're declaring Bush the winner. One Florida. And anyway, they actually, a member of Congress, and there's Gore, who is, of course, serving as a speaker of the Senate, the joint, the second of Congress. And he's up there with a gabelom. He's setting us. He says, this is it. Blamed in Democrats. Don't blame Bush. Don't blame the right wingers. He's in Jim Baker and all these other turd burgers. Blamed that Democrats were coming in just like Michael Moore showed their dash on give our sitting there waiting for the phone to ring. Just kind of like Norma can't wait for the phone to ring. A Norma, you're an idiot by the way. Okay. You're a pathetic you ain't competent. You're an incomplete. But nevertheless. And then El Gore is shouting them down. Well, the rule said, the house right now. And now one member of the Senate, not Tom God from Connecticut, not Ted Kennedy, not nobody was signed on to block the certification of the bogus vote tragic. tragic is not even close. And then I have a lot of vaccine who wanted this from California saying, I don't care what the rule says. That was great. Yeah, I don't care about the Senate. And of course, as well the rules do. And then they show all of their public and say, I'm going to have these cases and we are good. It must have been a lot of money in that bag. Let it go. Yeah. What a joke. And the mass media, how come it? You know, it's really sad. And he also shows all the headlines. And there's definitely two been unseen. And like months after the election was over after he stole it. Saying by every week on under any measure under any survey, uh, Gore wanted to Florida. He wanted to election. Well, a lot of good that this is now. A lot of good that there's all that. Thousands of these six dead Americans over in Iraq and their families, not to mention all the dead Iraq. You see, you know, here's a chance on their bragging about the fact that we got all these Iraqi soldiers who are dead, not to mention the Iraqi civilians, which in order to see them mention that. He's bragging about it. I mean, did they ask for this? No, they wanted any part of it? No, no. They're thanking us. Don't you see it? Can't be in flowers. They're like, like the little kids. They were going to get some of that candy. But I'm being there dead too now. Those are three of my kids. Just collecting it to give it back to. Somebody QA and hello. Really? I don't know. Somebody QA and hello. I don't know what they're doing. Okay, sir. They look at the up four years ago that was a Kennedy run up a prison. I know you probably don't have a Chinaman's chance. You remember somebody by the end of Harry Brown for the libertarian party? What about him? Well, I just wanted, who was on the ballot for the libertarian party? I don't know. I don't care. I don't care. I don't know. I don't care. I don't care. You're a part of your head about it, but I didn't care. I don't care. I'm not sure if you're a part of it. I don't care. He's a part of it. I don't care. Who's on a ballot for the libertarian party? Oh, boy. There's a voice of reason for your man. Real voice of reason. Yeah. Who can I throw my just right in Dumb-o. Okay. I forgot he's already present. A.B. Is she a Bible. in North Florida, Roger playing some music in the background from status stuff going on. Uh-huh. And it's getting out of control and it's kind of turning out some of the bits you've been playing as far as in the background so I'm not really sure it's going on. It's probably a Republican plot of the S-mea. Yeah, well, I'll speak to those Republicans. I mean, I don't know if it's you, but definitely we're like an operating movement and one of the ones are following, we're going to be leading our country tonight. And we're looking at him right now. The freshers that Howard Dean represented, often we expect him to stand up throughout Kaya. Now, keep bringing your hands there, Dick. Keep bringing your hands. Okay, here's a look at the poll. Which are these things, would you most being, hey, would you hit most hate being thought of as being? 530 votes dumb, 106. Republican 96, allows you lay 93, a fat slot 93, religious phonetics 62, 10ol 36, boring 22, dolphins 17, ugly 16, how about an ugly dolphins a lot of those things to go against? 15 and short, four. Martin sure would be okay, but just generally generic short, not too good. The R&T mortgage bankers are prepared to help you meet all your financing needs. If you're a first time home buyer or refinancing and taking cash out, they're your best choice. Kieran team mortgage bankers are committed to excellent customer service. It's not one their promise, they guarantee it. In fact, they're a big, great life on it. Call them today, full free at 1-800-734-6616. At Kieran team mortgage bankers are voters to build a lifelong relationship with their customers. They did just that with a couple of move down from New Jersey. He hadn't started their new jobs yet, but found a house they loved. The couple hadn't lived in town for more than a week. He had very little money to put down and bond to close in 10 days. And the good news is that Kieran team mortgage bankers were able to secure their buyers need to or to close on time, and they were able to give them 95% financing at the turn. The 11th rate of 5.95% and listen to this Kieran team mortgage bankers since all their clients and 8th fabulous 7th I cruise in Sirwave saying thank you for choosing them. Kieran team mortgage bankers no loans are too big or too small, no credit is too bad or of course too good. They work with it and get to the loan you need. Kieran team mortgage bankers call them full free today at 1-800-734-6616. That's 1-800-734-6616. You can use those new projects exclusively on 5-6000. Alright, this is G Gordon Lidian. They don't come anywhere else than Neil Rogger. So, it's a movie. Watch, Soling. I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying. Oh, the whole Earth. No gold gold for every time I see. No gold gold for every far and in the amwitch. No gold gold for all. No TV. Who cares, President of the world. Revolved and muscle in and in our team in this area. I don't know why. They are more than one to someone. He's here. He's here. He's here. Oh, with President's up. No gold gold for all. Oh, I can't tell a motel's fault. And get to the old and poor. No gold gold for all. And you walk this. No gold gold for every time. No gold gold for all. And this one, you rich guy. No gold gold for all. No gold for all. Please, President of the world. You don't care what it is. You got on me by her girl. You're the Christian. You're all I know. You're the better. You and I are the best of all. Please, President. Please, President. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. You're the best of all. Pathological Liars from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. He says you almost have to feel sorry for the bubbling idiots that infect the bush administration like the Lace. Almost. They've told so many lies twisted the facts so many times and changed their story so often that you need a playbook to keep tabs on all the misinformation that comes out of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. From the time George's W. Bush started building his propaganda campaign to justify the invasion of Iraq. He insisted that this administration had conclusive evidence of a link between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda, the masterminds of the 911 attacks. A CIA reports sent to the White House last week however affirms what the agency has said all along that no conclusive evidence exists to such a link. The advice president Tick-Chainy continued to preach the company line last night as the Bavut Challenge had gone inwards. The fence secretary Rumsfeld changed two stories over the weekend and then changed the back again. Firstly, setting never saw any proof of a link and then he said he was misunderstood in the speech or he said that the proof didn't exist. He also said in the TV interview on Sunday that Iraq's mysterious weapons and weapons and mass destruction did not exist and claimed on Monday that they did. The president said earlier this year that there was never any question that aluminum tubes up by who's same were to be used for the production of weapons great uranium. But national security adviser, Condolees, a rice set over the weekend, that there were doubts on the long about the real purpose of the tubes. The tubes, maybe those were the anthillicated tubes from preparation rush from the OIB whatever it is. Bush told the American people over and over again that the W. Bush didn't want to get the job done. The first man put in charge of a registry construction says we never did. We paid a big price for not stopping it because it established an atmosphere of lawless. Lawless, we never had enough troops on the ground. Burma said, money of news conference in West Virginia. This pattern lies doesn't stop at Iraq, the White House order the environmental perfection agency who was told the truth about health hazards in the year and Manhattan after the World Trade Center at Towers collapsed. The Bush administration would held the two costs of the so-called Medicare reform from Congress to make sure that the bill passed and the president's lied consistently about progress or lack thereof of his war on terror. Bush has a pattern of lying, a pathology as deep as bill threatens inability to tell the truth, is pathological lies however far more dangerous. Fritten lied about banging interns, Bush's lies about issues that send the Americans in a harm's way and has to be brought more than a thousand home and body bags. His lies have torn our country apart, places in a war we probably can't win, destroyed American credibility with its allies and left most of us wondering as helpless as any victim of a congain. Like that, pretty good stuffy rights, I sure, though, to the point, doesn't pull any punches, mince any words, it's better that loves you website. Right, the one that you don't like right here, I forgot. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. As the phones are just smoking today because of that the Howard Stern announcement and the giving serious going on to West series January 1, 2006. WQM Hello, not fair, it ain't worth serious. WQM Hello, and back at your own, they're all coming out now. See the kind of hanging back couple of days, but now they're coming out. That's good, at least we know this whole line, like I said, that's bad. WQM Hello, 560, 560, 560, just bang on it. WQM Hello. Victoria, God is a hotty. Yeah, great. WQM Hello, and the show still sucks. QM Hello. Yes, I want to talk about the EP debate website. Yes. Go ahead. I just think that the other way. I've heard a lot of people saying how, what, shady, you know, just destroyed, headward. Who had that? Well, Chris Matthew said it. Well, I bet must make it so that, huh? Tell me he was mouth fixed. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless line. The MSNBC poll at 1.7 million people voted 60% Senate, which will under debate. 40% and shady, under debate. Like I said all along, it was coma inducing. It was ponderous. It was needless of the necessary. Both of them, I give them both an F on their performance for a failure. Oh, I was going to ask for it. Or we were chaining, we'd like to drop the F bomb as a meeting. Maybe that's just what he meant to, would practically, he that day in the Senate. You're just a failure as in failure you. Maybe that's why we're going to school failure you. WQN hello. Neil. Yes sir. Regarding about the debate, I kind of like, I was approached by the Chinese, with the way he was sitting, he was mumbling his microphone. Uh huh. And he just wanted me to go, oh, hey, hey, hey. He's having a QN hello. Hey there. Wow. WQN hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes. I wanted to get stopped being a bad weather. Okay great. WQN hello. QN. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. Have a question for Neil? Speaking. First statement actually. Yes sir. I'm just seven. Okay. I'll just take up a Fahrenheit 9.11 at that time. More. For 14 dollars. Really? And watch the afters at the debate yesterday last night. Yeah. It didn't make for such sweet dreams. Right. Why? I just, it is a lot of money. I said right and have a great day. Okay. I think you have a little bit of a heavy hand there as a figure to communicate is what that problem was. Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. WQN hello. Neil. Yes sir. A couple of calls and there were you had someone who just actually prized me. No, I was going to talk about this with a very impotty class. Yeah. I was very nicely but I had an argument that the special preference of the day and what thing we like and not into two parties with them. And you've got to pay for it. More. I think I was just being a jackass. When you listen to these colors, take them about as seriously as you take your Christmas. Okay. With 10 rings or so. But if you do have people saying all of that, both cross-cursion carry and I'm not going to go free and you want them. You can't. You have to make it to choice and both one or the other. Because it's going to be a crucial question. It's going to be as close as it was last time. Not as fancy like a quick gift for gold back then. We made the of us a way to go to the process whatever. But you've got to take a stand and cast a balance for A or B. That is correct. Keep it up and I hope you stay serious and QAM here. Okay. Thank you. Please sound of me on serious. Sir, it sounds like a plan to me. I'll get my new agent man. Or maybe I'll get secret agent man. Maybe a little bit. Maybe Johnny Rivers will like to handle the deal. Or secret agent. We can't be quite familiar with something that I can't open it up any. No, I'm not going to go away. Okay. Just take your baseball cards and all your job straps and your baseball is not your a fact. Just go away. Okay. Don't bother me no more. Don't call him here. Just delete me. He just makes my skin crawl. How many QAM? Hello. QAM. Hey, now. Yes sir. Listen. As far as I'm going to serious, I kind of predicted that I'm a lifelong man. I'm a lifelong Republican, but I never go to work in a credit of my life and I'm going to both for carry this job. I don't like the man. I don't like the man, but I like that the bushers and he's a lot of the far right taken over the body. Well, he's a body man. That's what we need. We got to have the buffer. And I'm a little upset with the Democrat for completely ignoring that. The way our civil liberties have been taken away. No one's even brought that up yet. Everybody's afraid of that. That's not the act. Well, they've once in a while that makes some, you know, minimal comment about the act in about you rode our liberties. But the last about ten seconds, and then they go back to the other scripted press. What that's the thing that concerns me the most is whoever's going to be empowered not to take care of work or take down. I'm not worried about that, but I am worried that was going on in Channel 8. And that's why I got to go for carry this year for the first time. I'm going to go for a demo plan. And that's it. Excellent. Good news. I just love Kelly. I like that. There's one. We're building a monitor. There are flat ass governor. Like sir. Now, hey, Jan. Guess what, you lose. You'll lose. you're gonna see the gonna be any trillion dark folks are gonna be voting and a lot of those old who lios are pissed off and fired up about the new bush policy on Cuba and a guy at huh see that's right and the Arabs we know the line of Arabs in Florida but to the man at least the ones in dear board mr. gonna roll a vote for all the you know i didn't like again i didn't mention this on the air but we talked about it before the show what else was he gonna say the one question well what do you mean what was he gonna say they he should have said something about the Palestinians political suicide and both carrying it was man sucking up for that Jewish vote may be disgusting last night when she has to one question on their course you was so weak he was tragic man the moderator pbs my ass pretty good uh yeah and nothing at all about you know we can't have any more of these suicide bombers killing those poor little children and of course the Palestinian children are dying over there forget about them okay they're animals anyway let them lose their schmock three to one because of that was in yeah forget about that and then i thought it was going to start saying something about aerial scheron that's that's that's i thought he was going to actually say something good at all about his courageous stance of uh you know closing down the settlements yeah right close and what i don't know is uh who who to hell has any idea all we know is we need a lot bigger fences and a lot more dead Palestinians that's the scheron Middle East peace man 27 past one at five sixty w qayne and most co-star four is best Asian buffet is excited round see bible of lobster fest ready Josh ready every weekend i come and enjoy a as much main lobsters you can eat that is correct all you can eat lobster whoever heard of that who else in south Florida we didn't think about offering of that also animal coasts serving lobster bist to on the stone crab roasted duck and grilled seal animal coasts are no ordinary Asian buffet like so many other pedestrian ones out there the services impeccable and you never leave empty on empty stomach there start off your black and white eating experience with six different suits dozens of succulent on phrase hey Joyce can we say succulent no dozens of delicious on phrase like the or strip made order as well as grilled salmon and if you still have room sample they hand-trived from river their new time special these two the animal coast promotes healthy living because they use no crap no MSG no corn starch they cook everything only cholesterol free rolls and the buffet features i do salad bar full Chinese food on up in the brand new sushi bar because it is over as well a full dessert bar to a v have any room left featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit the perfect ending where we'll pick up three locations for you you're finding a most in sunrise sunny out and even pepper pies so if they got some miss for her the entire family or you next business legend right now take out delivery always available too and of course was voted number one by the get restaurant reviews and the prestigious psychotic wsv news is south Florida's best Asian buffet for information or reservations call nine five four four five seven two thirty eight twenty two that's nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the unbeatable animal coast Chinese buffet you're listening to the Russian exclusive on five six three five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five only in the banana republic baby only in Miami five five five five five five five five five five five five five five five have copper And I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car, and I was in the car over the bottom, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I was in the car over the top, and I had no support, and I was in the car, and then, then I was in the car over the top, and then and then when I with the car over the the 3-0, it's on a pool. What's it? He's with you. You'll be most offended by most heeping thought of as dumb 119, if somebody said, where are you dumb? Republican 108 allows you lay 1806, fat slabs 74. It would be higher, most of us are fat slabs religious for that extremities, we then we've got nicely didn't it? That's a good job, you know, thank you. A humble 41, oh no. No, no, no, no, no, no. Boying 21, doll fanned 20, a win 15 and short only four. Nobody might be in thought of as being short. I guess that's probably because there aren't that many short people anyway. Oh, thank you. I'm not thinking about uniciserity although probably, but there are there really aren't that many short people. There's even any calibers real short real sheep. And we got Maddie Bell. Maddie Bell is in short. He's like a little fusion. In other words, he's a small, he's a teeny tiny little make the lead person underline the make the lead part. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. I spoke to my path. Welcome, congratulations. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. For your portion, you've been holding young on there. You know what it means called old. I like that. All right, is good. Yeah. Can you play on counter or counterbowl when you're lecturing? counterbowl? Yeah, I said that like no. Maybe you can just bring it. Can't do that. That's so I have this law. Maddie Bell is also a random player. And we won't be able to get on those great calls, but he had this hour. WQAM I'd like to know who's one of the actions. Say I'd like to know who. One meal action. counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl. counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl. counterbowl, counterbowl. And the sentence was a potential waste within. I've often wondered who was going to win. Sometimes people went to do their voting job. So counterbowl the ballot and find out who's got more. Those old focinder have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just give their votes to each other. You can. Oh my God. So I'd like to know who. One meal action. counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl, counterbowl. Find out about that, the comments. Then I'll also unuse flash on Channel 10. Some may repeat for all the given and a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know in which all the bunch. Those old folks seem to have a brain in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes to Patrick Bielfaden. So I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Or I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote, count the votes, baby, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. everything, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote. Count the vote, count the vote. On the same syndrome as the word in an explicitly anti-feminist US group, part of attending the grant to train a withdrawal respira politely profus plum up. to help implement the administration's Iraqi Women's Democracy Initiative, along with the number of groups that unlikely IWF have experienced an international exchange in democracy promotion activities, including the Meridian International Center, the International of a Public Institute and the National of the Credit Institute. A participation of IWF, which has escorted Iraqi women, selected by the State Department of Brown Power Media Centers for Modern Washington, is the most controversial. The organization was founded in 1991 by a number of prominent white women Republican women who act as a counterpoint to what they call the radical feminism of the National Organization for Women, a grassroots group with about a half-amundance of describing members nationwide. Among the founders were Lin Cheney, the spouse of Dick, and Labor Secretary Elaine Schau, Keith O'Burn, Washington Editor of the Right-wing National Review, and a former senior vice president of the Hurtage Foundation, and Mitch Decker, the former co-chair with Donald Rumservy, the Committee for the Free World. And one of the founders of Neo Conservatives, along with her spouse, former commentary editor Norman Pat Horitz. Under Secretary of State for Global Affairs, Paula Dobreinsky announced the granted press briefing last week, also served on IWF's Board of Advisors. Talk about an inside deal, the IWF represents a small group of right-wing weaver dealers inside the Washington Beltway said Ellen is Smiel, presently feminist majority foundation. Well, it says goes on, it's his purpose of specifically anti-human. And let me ask you something, and hopefully tomorrow night is when it's going to come up. Do you or anything last night about Stinsoviy Surge? Oh, and the vice president is over. No, no, no. Do you know what about that? But there's the audience reaction. Grab a mentioned sanction for approval. You've got those little things, little rods hooked up to their genitals. I'm looking at that, that's been mentioned. He's looking what's left, everybody said, oh, my fan daughter, she's okay in my book. Something like that. Does nobody said, Jane, something like that? He said he in my keys. Our minute source. 560560, pound 560, and the Verizon and Siggular Wireless lines. WQAM, hello. Is it near others? Speaking. Hey, Neal, good day sir. Good day. Thank you for the beat as per your side every day. All right. Is it too late to ask us this is a poll? No, it is not. Just on it. They're all in my hand. Yeah, that's very good. I'm just talking about Bush and the, uh, and his right wing crony, Zexlyn choice. Thank you sir. Have a great day. And you two back to the store. It seems to have been a lot of jokes. It's been a lot of jokes. It's been a lot of jokes. It's been a lot of jokes. It's been a lot of jokes. She fake sore gassums. I fake sore plums. It's your home. Welcome back. Our 19 of the Al Franken Show. I'm Al Franken. If I'm gasoline infer. Now, it's been brought to my attention that I don't know how to do a radio show. Well, uh, let me assure you that this is cutting edge radio, uh, and to illustrate what I refer to as a theatre of the mind. We have for you today a new Robert's Michael cartoon to be coming out. It always always a panic. Could you, uh, could you roll that for us please? Yeah. Drop, you look at that. Now, a bit. It's a letter. I can't stress enough. I'll find it. And if you're taking this, uh, uh, I'll tell you. I thank you for that. I thoroughly enjoyed it. And I'm certain our audience did as well. Uh, no, oh, do we have a break? Is this a weak break or a strong break? Yeah, another weak break? Yeah, okay. Uh, when we come back, uh, We'll be joined by TV legend Sufi Sales, Whirling Gangeas, and a five light. How do you do it? Let's play the ending of the video. Well, again, one more time. That's way funnier than the actual show. Oh wait a second I don't know if it'll do it this one won't go back over that track how do you like that? Maybe we'll have to play the whole thing again Once we've all this demand who brought the headings to Iraq Jordan and Millison Abul Masabals are Kawi is gaining support among your rackies Who are outraged over the trail of raised neighborhoods and dead civilians left by the US military's anti-insurgent offenses this month I thought those were those precision strikes But we keep here in a bag I mean yeah, there may be a little bit of collateral damage some of those pain in the ass by some standards who keep dying They should have a hypothesis the trademark black banner balls are Kawi's model theism and geoha group typically hangs in the background of grainy videos That's your foreign hostages and erect meeting grizzly deaths at the hands of terrorists In other words having their head stopped off just like the Saudis do routinely These days the ominous flag also pops up in a bag dead neighborhood known for daily shoebouts between Islamic militants and American forces When insurgents burn the US armored vehicle there recently local stuff the black banner in the vehicles small-bring gun barrel In an anti-American demonstration not long ago in the north-west city of Samara Which is now the object of a joint US Iraqi military offensive demonstrated security alza kawai's group flag and broad daylight through public streets for the first time What is that CD player Well, I like that Maybe I better move that thing many Iraqis explain the flood's links of port for alza kawai by Setting a popular Arabic proverb me and my brother against my cousin me and my cousin against a stranger the banners You're doing that yeah, do that Idiot the banners are we actually what the Americans didn't what they're still doing in philugia and Samara with bombings and killing Said chic Hassan al nimi of the Muslim scholars Association a conservative suem Muslim group that opposes the American presence in Iraq Line on half foreign fighters here when the Americans come they didn't come alone They'd rock their allies why is it a crime against us if other Arab stand with the mackeys? They be our brothers you said he said they be our brothers I like that we're getting to them And speak of that speak of some brothers Ricky Williams is in the news again Apparently infused with a new pass in for football or need for new income Retired running back Ricky Williams has petitioned the National Football League for a hearing to terminus status as a first step to a returning to the game What do you say about and Ricky Williams? The petition came in the form of a letter from the agency they represent Williams agent Lee Steinberg did not immediately return phone calls yesterday They hurled a Steinberg told the espionale it is the first step and Ricky showing a Christian playing football again Then this make you want a pub Yeah, what a secret this smoke your big fat one and get out of our face already. We do we do make you want to sleep Ricky has made his tour around the world and take it in the kind like the debate last night Ricky has made his tour around the world and take it his time away Steinberg said it now is realized He has a real passion for football given above given above given above NFL spokesman great ILO confirmed that the former dolphins players requested the hearing to clarify his playing status But wouldn't come out of any further no date for any hearing's been said Williams in Los Angeles has a self-imposed to be deadline for getting response from league after that He intends to return overseas and continue smoking the good gun A William Stanley source said last night that Williams is being especially motivated by his desire to overcome the 8.6 million dollar judgment That the dolphins well in the arbitrator world Williams reached his contract The source said Williams doesn't have the liquid assets to repay the money and still provide for his family return to the NFL is one way to acquire the assets You want to get his assets back Before Williams can return to fieldy must clarify a status like fogging by his alleged multiple drug test failures and contractual problems with the dolphins Boy they got problems with everybody, you know Williams has told a heraldy failed treat drug test because America we use under league rules A planet NFL's drug program places a suspension if he returns in the same calendar Your he announces his retirement this is Spencer with spanned between four games in one season if he returns after your he'd face a lesser Suspended a sentence our should concern about that's the big news today baby Ricky Williams may be a play it again Well William sitting You You're my hope, so Merry-vous. Here's what I've been my eyes for no apparent reason. I've lost so many of them to you. There's a way to see my trailer. And then I find you no longer dear. You validate my life's as your failure. And it'll throw hearts above the swars. Here's another world of fishing stars. I'll give them a chance. Here's your chosen one can find out. I've been at the swars. You've got to lie for more than you. That's it. That's it. What did he say? He said we got a bit for everything. He said that it's amazing to me. We got a little bit or a big bit. This is going to be a week break or a strong break. Oh man. How can we compete with a shore like that? I think we got a bit sourced on our rise without franking on the air. He is just buying me. And then that can't have a what's the name we can't have for him. Oh, she is from what I'm hearing. A real piece. Anyway, don't forget speaking of a real piece to enjoy George Miguel Booker. Brian 5-7 happy art treasure island of day like just about every Wednesday. No projectiles today though. Little take. What? You never know. Never know what might be a floating through the air. Anyway, I'm not going to say it. Located off the moment or just over the hundred and twenty seconds we decided stop for prizes. Very specials in this way. Stature has been rain. Which of these things would you most hate being thought of as now? Whether or when we just put on our dishonest already got six. That's a good one. Excellent job, sir. I'm glad we got that on before the end of the show. You know? Because nobody likes a liar. Nobody likes people who are like chronic liars who have no credibility. No matter what they say, if they tell you it's Wednesday, look at the calendar. If they tell you it's too ocloc, you look at your watch. If they tell you the sun is shining, look at the window. You know what I'm talking about? What are you talking about? For a facial compulsive BS artist's liars. In fact, I'd like to change my vote. Man. Anyway, done, 133. Nobody wants to be thought of as dumb. There are awful lot. Dumb. Stupid idiotic. Moralonic. Republican 114. Oh, I just said it. Allows you lay 113. Fat, slah, maybe. That's me. Although, I don't know. So relevant now. I don't really even think I'm a fat slah. Fat, yes. But a fat slah. I don't know. Well, fat, yes. Slah, yes. But not necessarily fat slah. So when I say this, I think of very people who don't bathe. Have a lot of food on the front of their shirt. There's people who are fat and just have like a word. Teacher. Your shirt is not just mine. That's not a slah. But that's not a slah. What? The fact that at least according to you, you don't wear a trendy clothing. Fat slah, maybe. What do you mean according to me? You're the one that's always not going to be a bad guy. You're the one that's always not going to be my shirt. It's somebody there. When I'm at a watch out, I want to be a lovely shirt today. By the way, it's lovely. I find shirt. I think like green. Good onions have this habit of saying lovely. And they don't realize it's kind of a geek. Most can use our fat slah of 80 religious fanatic 70. Homeau 4060, boring 29, dull fan 25, real coming, no dull fan, which I'm not. Ugly 20 to my teens on the feet of the 18 in a row. When 17, the son of seven, liar liar. Your things on fire. Short for an old. Old ancient, old fart. Don't be long, I'm social security. Search it and start coming in. I can get my senior citizens discount. I'm going to start taking my medical. Bye bye. I'm going to start taking my medical. Bye bye. I'm going to start taking my medical. I'm going to start taking my medical. I'm going to start taking my medical.