Should have feeling good story to you Talk radio I've heard in my life with NW out. I will not give it to you once a question The worst talk radio I've heard in my life with NW out of me. I will not give it to you. What word did you say that is great radio? All right You're first When the place you can land so that you can I'm going to be in them now you said you Certain duty just find what you be Out sentence in your mind You're positions if they can't get ready Is up to show your faith it's those questions About the national guard that might leave your web view Tation guard It's fun to say you're not a WOL and you can prove your name WOL What a funny thing the military can't find Where you were in that one years time You party then you went WOL You're daddy home to WOL Oh If you don't like a clean with a story in the trio you might turn back over I'm real 102560 WM I'm happy to be here. I think I'm happy but unhappy Tuesday because it's not a happy day Lots of crap going down Well that's in Israel yeah Are you kidding me? Wow, does that have what ended? That's exactly how it ended. It's like that. It's very nice. That was beautiful. Let me just play the End of that one more time on That's beautiful Anyway, look at this Nadine in Morse been now we back on the internet again Are we streaming it? Well, we must be because she heard me yesterday So I need in Morse playing New Jersey who's fast as before says A very scary taste of censorship showed my bones yesterday morning I clicked on listen and listen live neo and nothing I go back to the garlic festival in your first days of a computer when I freaked out. Remember the garlic festival? Oh my god Never forget it as long as we all take our freedom of choice for granted Well, everyone don't Nadine says good off your butts or write and call us in power For now do something now to protect and we need to keep us free Because they love me but very naive Nadine So I popped in asked to ask or is it bottom to bottom and dreadwrecking him for dream until once again I heard you so obviously we're on there and she says I love neo right you say Johnny Depp What magnificent taste taste taste taste? Right I'm sure Johnny's been chased a few times Would have been by me if I didn't have to take a big dump that he was at Zena that was unfortunate, but anyway Bob of a lot of sponges canned and Tampa he's out canned Bubba how it stirms running about a 500 minute delay now on infinity and You ain't seen nothing yet man. This is just a scary scary horrendous grotesque thing that's just starting now You can kiss your ass and your freedoms goodbye folks. They're gone and the really sad part of it is that there ain't nobody Wait till we get to that rolling stone article There ain't nobody in Congress that I can see on a horizon including any of these contenders and pretenders who got the balls to stand up Well, you don't want to stand up for smut do you? No stand up for truth and disgusting perversion and videos and stuff like that and incubates all no way All those flying hitlers out there. We much rather go see the flying Jesus ourselves Yeah, that's what we're gonna do our pull on now yesterday you poo pooed my poll Would shame on you with 113 votes What that was George who did the old caca and it's his end good thing you cut him off right at the past there to mad dog All right that does he had 10-stead of a loose tongue you know those ex-joc Those joc guy Pity mouthjocs that there's no a special dispensation for potty mouthjocs no more by the way. Why why don't we not set in the past because you know The FCC for your whileer athletes what do they know by broadcast you right for guess what no? No more you're done man No more crap Anyways, so we had 123 votes who is your all-time favorite other than soft Florida personalities? Who is your all-time favorite radio a person out? I think it's pretty simple speaks for itself Not your favorite 20 or 30, but pick one that you're like the best now. I voted for dick per myself How many I always like dick 1218 Bruce Bradley and Joel Sebastian had oh none which is so embarrassing. Oh my god. That's terrible Bob I'm going from the bottom. I don't want to read them all do I That'll take hours no and I want to do that from the top down wolf man jack 261 which I told you I know brainer doctor to mental one 11 because that's our crowd, you know Plus the fact he was on over all over the country including here Casey case him 70. Yeah, but he wasn't broadcasted from mom Casey case him 70 gene shepherd 62 no matter how you scroll it cousin Bruce he 62 a dead flat footed tie Even though custom Bruce he was on iNZ years ago. We gave him a special dispense for his piece Larry Lou jack 49 good yellow momma coney 48 what a show he had man Had a better signal and we got yeah the grease man 43 dick Clark 38 dick perton 36 dick on my vote Marie the K32 Scott Mune 31 Allison steel 29 Denning room 25 chemo sobbing Charles like a dare and Boston Funny who's the newsman on WBZ with the name like that what the how is his name? Oh, it's gonna drive me nuts They had such a great news sound or a WBZ maybe somebody will find that for us some day. Oh It was such a great station back when then I was the whole point of my pull is there used to be great radio stations Not now mall and the way it's going right now. I told George before the show I'm really serious the day is coming soon boys and girls and I'm sure they're hoping they can do it before the auction When the only people in your here on radio anywhere in America from Des Moines to Pocci to South Florida to Eugene anywhere Will be rush and fill okay and Todd Schreck and Gordon Litty and Ollie North who's some another and Michael Medved and who's that other rabbit right winger from the west coast Michael Jackson that idiot and the Joe Scarborough those of you the only people of the beyond Dr. Laura of course round the clock That they's coming Let's see I greaseman Decarca who'd I leave off murder case 33 Scott, Muty 31 else in steel 29 Denning room 25 Charles like it a retone steve dollar 19 to be out of 18 Chris Thomas 17 Ellen freed 17 Rick these and Bob Collins each had 16 vote Artiginsburg woo woo had 13 will be William 13 JP McCarthy was so boring great voice boring Alan Bergen one a Johnny they each had 12 Gary D oh that's a DEE and Gary D with a D come on Josh 11 brother wees and Arthur Godfrey ched 10 and after that Jerry Blavitt Highlit had eight Hermos Miranda's in eight bill Bailey eight long john level seven and you don't want to know the rest you want to know Now here's today's pool let me get to south of the way we can put it up right now We reckon then you can go uh put your house back together again Eric just got through move We don't want to bother him a lot do we yeah we don't see there you go again Do we want to really bob the bug Eric that's George doing that by the way I'm not doing it Eric George keep Yeah, I'm not doing that Do we want to leave Malone today? Oh put him up put all his house together after they just got your moving up there in Orlando Hey look for the QM fan that I before we get to the pool look for the QM fan noon to two At the shell gas station on the corner 136 seven sunrise Boulevard see that's not full mingo George That's 136 that was asked about full mingo updates. I'll throw the piece It's right where you turn to go to the a pantheon by the way Joe is right that Roberto LaWango man He just mic at the heart trophy and be the MVP in whole ain't you all the only problem that is nobody cares And they still got a shot for the playoffs the unfortunate part Montreal one last night So the Panthers are still eight points out of the eight spot near three points behind Buffalo, but Longo is just the impenetrable which I hope you forget about that tomorrow when least come to town, but nevertheless The leaves who lost were girls team Carolina again last night. Boy they got some serious problems those make believes I'll say that right now, but let's get enough of that hockey talk Look for the QM fan noon to two with the shell gas station corner 136 seven sunrise Boulevard stop I'd register to one pair of front road tickets to an upcoming Panthers home game see I didn't suspect people to shrug to the van we see the pair of tickets to see the campittals game this Friday So all of a sudden we're panther intensive. That's not for mingo What I didn't say it was You asked me before was there a shell station islamingo and and the sunrise nice and right because they were the people 136 which is also called it's also called Something parkway you know what the name is? No, no, no, right in parkway different highway not the Hershey highway, but what's the name of the hockey team? The panther highway panther Parkway parkway very good. There we go. That's pp 136 everybody knows that shell stations been in our long-tendazement McDonald's right next to it And that's what the QM Valle be noon to two day now here's today's poll now that this Jesus Although he's coming out the yoshki stuff is going heavy duty now. I got a column man from the New York Daily news that is so good Woo By Jamie Bernard she's an award-winning film critic and comments for the daily news and author of a bunch of books. She's a pretty sure She don't take no wooden nickels But look at to that what's your take? This is our poll today on the much-hyped Mel Gibson passion of Christ movie Why are we getting calls here WQAM Yeah, yes, go ahead Hello, yes, sir Neil the name they're looking for is a dairy lop here and the dairy lop here right there you go And don't forget about dick summer he wasn't on the list he was the best do you know what's got a letter from dick summer when I was in W IoD and he said he was vacationing in Florida Really and he just though really glowing thing about how he heard my show and he thought I was a great broadcaster And he loved me. I've saved that I got it around summer from the great dick summer He is a great guy I mean he reminded me of he reminded me of he reminded me of a dick cavity. Yeah, that same kind of sound And he was a amazing top member used to do this unbelievable talk ups those He would give you like a whole story. He'd started on a story and then he'd come like in it In the middle of a record and it was just fine. He wrote his own poetry Yeah, he would use it to it He was he was invent to the cell. He's still out. He hair on TV all the time on now voice over right those were his man By now those were the days Jeff was okay Or Dave made it it was great have a great day pal. Okay, but and of course don't forget my buddy Larry Glick and his lemonade stand What's your take on a much had male gifts in past the Christ movie? Let's see two four six Seven choices If you want to see so via Vagar as asked by the way you can see it on our website today That's wallpaper worthy and it was a real a listen-alotto picture the whether rich packed your likes It or not George does very studious Investigation on these that was not a stuck picture of a listen-alotto yesterday You've phony bastard you rich So fee of a Garza as it's now. It's it's a very tasteful picture. It's not really what I would call a pornographic picture. Thank you for Anyway, can I finish with this pool? What's your take on a much had Mel Gibson past the Christ movie? I will see it I might see it if I hear it's good. I Definitely won't see it. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis Non-believerish majestic nor it Or even the Pope would be proud of this marketing. They're seven pretty good choices. There may be a little sloppel over there Choose yeah a lot of over that thing a lot of these do you say something about to choose again Better cut it out who's already got enough problems already where so Barbish and a guy this Mel Gibson wait till I get to this calm And then we got the thing about Ellis Rubin is looking for publicity again. You know, maybe I won't even read that thing because between Else Rubin and Norma Kent I don't want to give either one of them and don't call here anymore Norma bugging me in the middle a lot. Much in passions yesterday. What an idiot Right in the middle of what it's getting the good part there. Which about time And all of a sudden here's the phone ring and Norma Kent well You know, and the only reason you called here Norma yesterday was to tell me about how Ellis Rubin was putting on that stunt from our Policy with that phony gay wedding near and for a lot of deal and about how you're quoted in the paper this morning I'll outrage the out Cox a voice 1013 at five 60 wqm if you decided that your job is going nowhere you're like on a treadmill You know your feet are moving but your life is going nowhere Then why not make that a big fat paycheck and you can do that by having yourself some skills a career All you do is make one easy call to fast-range We've been talking to you about these folks for years One eight six six fast-trained you call to start a brand new high-paying computer career Because in just four short months fast-trick it up you get that career that a man for computer professionals continues to grow So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts if your life just ain't worth living Pick up that phone to name call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train and with seven locations in town Fast trains gotta have a campus nearby you just make sense Fast train offers job placement financial assistance for people to qualify with day night and weekend classes No excuse no more to stay in a dead end job and like I said if you register right now You can have that new high-paying career by a summertime before the summers end So call fast-trained and you can have a big impressive paycheck too Check them out on the web if you're like a fast-trained I'll come in and make that call that could really change your life in a most positive way Be sure and tell me Todd Dreck to a did to call toll free One eight six six fast train My You You Oh It's a 1018 you have to look in the mirror like we could start anyway speaking of Michael Paul before we even get to this Passion Christ is just he stuff poor Eric by the way. Don't have any pull my bad You didn't pack some to pull no See Eric George is sticking into you again. You've been intentionally. No question about it Facts will you please facts him to pull so we get that thing started so we don't have to like hang him up for hours and hours Now we're gonna go about his eating. I mean I'm moving Pop you to radio host Todd Klam better known as Bubba to love sponge no can do a square Bob sponge pants Is apparently getting the X WFLA radios reporting the 98 rock and curchannel communications of sever ties with Bubba that means he's fired He's out he is Faneeto. How do you like that? I'm gonna check his ass and then I'll steal his two pack the station said a press release from fair channel communications headquarters in San Antonio will be issued today with all the Gory details Fair channel was fined nearly a million dollars by the FCC because remarks and actions on Bubba's show Commission said the show commissioner said the show was indecent After that incident the FCC warned clear channel will consider taking away 98 rocks radio license if there were any further instances of indecency Hubba was also taken to court by our good friends at Pita people for the ethical treatment of animals for the on air Butchering of a pig which we remember that very well the Pita didn't like it. They didn't find it amusing B9 news being was not channel lined in a tapah has been able to reach Bubba for any comments yet is what the latest thing was on a way But look he per eye on it. We're waiting breathlessly for the announcement from cheap channel. What kind of story they make up covering their ass now Also very interesting can I just pass this along okay interesting and disturbing before get to the other stuff American investigators were given the first name in telephone number of one of the 911 hijackers two and a half years Before the attacks on New York and Washington, but the US appears to have failed to pursue to lead aggressively American and German Officials say The information the earliest known signal at the US received about any of the hijackers is now becoming important A lot of an independent commission investigation in the events of 911 official city yesterday It's considered especially significant because it may represent a missed opportunity for American officials to penetrate the Alcada Terracell and Germany that was at the heart of the plot and it came roughly 16 months before the hijackers showed up at Pita schools in the US 16 months before when you thought that they might have labeled the this guy a person of interest To the speak In March 99 German intelligence officials gave the CIA the first name and telephone number of Marwan al-shihi And as the Americans to track him the name and phone number in the UAR And the Arab Emirates rather has been obtained by the Germans by monitoring the telephone of my hemat hydrazarmar and Islamic militant and humberg We're supposed to link to the important fighter plotters What amally mastermind at 911 after the Germans passed the information on the CIA They didn't hear from the Americans about the matter until after 911 a senior German official said There was no responsive to time the official said after receiving the tip the CIA decided that Marwan was probably An associate of Osama, Yamama, but never tracked and down American official said the Germans considered the information on this Was she especially valuable and the commission is keenly interested and why it apparently didn't lead the greater scrutiny of him in other words They effed up if I can say that can I say it they screwed up they screwed up they heard it. Yeah Anyway Oh, there's the poll. Let's see. Am I I don't know what to vote for on here. I don't want to go to good choices as usual Are there choices all on there I like I said when Eric hits the Alaska choice on there now here's the daily news from New York today Jamie Bernardo and award when he filmed critic and comments for the daily news who says she gives this one star I don't know what the scale is whether they do four or five stars, but anyway one which you can't get I guess you could do none Right? 50 stars. It's mighty low Okay, Eric you got this thing up here so I can get this out there up there I think I'm gonna vote for even the popoody proud of this marketing So here's what Jamie has to say gore is the crime of passion as she's not talking about Al Gore or Goryfidol She says no child should see this movie even a Delta red risk Mel Gibson's the passion of the Christ is the most virulently anti-Semitic movie made since the German propaganda films of World War II It is sickening much more brutal than any lethal weapon movie The violence is growtesque savage and often fetishized and slow-mo At least in Hollywood spectacles that kind of violence is tempered with cartoonish distancing effects not so here and yet the passion is also undeniably powerful Because of all the media coverage of this movie in the way it was shown only to handpicked sympathizers and tell yesterday's screening for movie critics Many questions hang in the ear is it historically accurate of course not as with any movie even a documentary This one reflects the views of its filmmakers who are entitled and expected to use their art persuasively Gibson has been up front about his own religious agenda, but is it any good? The passion much is trip away all the controversy and religious fervor is a technically proficient account of the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth The movie is sanctimonious in a way that impedes dramatic flow and limits characterization to the saintly and the druelingly vulgar That said, there are many things in its favor a heroic physical effort by star Jim Cavazell stunning cinematographer by cinematography by Caleb Dechinal and the flitzbudda had the actor speak the dead language of our amic with some subtitles Is Gibson devout or is he mad? Have Gibson claimed Napoleon helped in direct instead of divine spirits the answer would be clear Even so a touch of madness is offered a good thing in the director, but the passion feels like a propaganda tool rather than entertained for a general audience Is it anti-Semitic? Yes Jews are vilified in ways both little and big pretty much nonstop for two hours and seven minutes Gibson cuts from the hook nose of one bad Jewish character to the hook nose of another in the ensuing scene He misappropriates an important line from the Jewish celebration of pace off why is this night different from all other nights? Manishdana Halila Hazé and slets it into a Christian context most unforgivable is that Paches Pilate the Roman governor of Palestine who agreed that Jesus decusified is portrayed as a sensitive Kindhearted soul who's sickened by the churches the Jewish mob heaps upon his prisoner Pilate agrees to the crucifixion only against his better judgment The most offensive line of the script was his court written by Gibson with Benedict Fitzgerald About Jews except the accepting blame was not cut from the movie as initially reported only its subtitle was removed Paches and assumed the audience already knows Christianity 101 and plunges right into the aftermath of the last supper taught it by an effeminate seductive Satan and anticipating betrayal Christ suffers Ode as he suffer. Can it sounds like South Park the movie they effeminate Satan? It says Ode as he suffer the movies they compending of churches that would horrify the regular is at an S&M club Gibson spares not one cringing close up to showcase what he imagines Jesus must have endured The lashings are so brutal that chunks of flesh go flying and blood reigns like outakes of kill bill The Romans captured their prey with a help of a terminally regretful Judas then haul him around to be whipped beaten spat upon mutilated and finally crucified All with the chewing encouragement of a foolish mob of Jews No one in the crowds speaks up for Jesus not even strangely his mother Religious intolerances been used as an excuse for some of the history's worth of atrocities The passion of the Christ is a brutal nasty film that demonizes Jews at an unfortunate time in history Whatever happened to the idea that the centerpiece of every major religion is love Oh, how old fashion right? Yeah, come on Jamie who's kidding who what a great overview huh? A scathing review as she has the balls to rip this piece of direct just exactly the way to zeros have I seen it? No will I see it no will I see any Mel Gibson movie no? Will I see any movie about Barbissina Graham? No other net? Happy Easter so we see it no Maybe not no chance there's a there's a better chance that I'll be there by 1230 today with 400 Homeintoshin for everybody and terribly in the quiet online. What's your take on the much hat? Now give some cash to Christ movies our full question today. It's some votes coming in already now We got up after you screwed up 38 votes. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 11 Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis 10 I will see it for I might see it if I hear it's good for non-believers Suggesting nor it for even the pope of the proudest marketing. That's what I voted three and I definitely won't see it to absolutely positively absolute not Well 26 after 10 at 5 60 W QM if you think it'll buying a new car truck if you want to save a lot of money Don't just pray for it. Visit arms drawings Toyota of homestead. They're gonna save your whole ton of cash Located on US 120 minutes out of the E36 arms drawings Toyota homestead is worth the drive because like I said They'll save your whole lot of money on a great brand new Toyota's check out these unbeatable prices and O4 Corolla loaded and putting air that you won for just 1290 and O4 Camry with air automatic and lots more just 1690 Need a truck how about an O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in the entire USA from just 1490 and when you buy that new vehicle at arms drawings Toyota Homestead you get a free some past this was the very first dealer They beat everybody else to the punch in the entire South Florida area and off your free tires and batteries for the life of your vehicle General manager David Richardson is staff will do whatever it takes to put you in an unbeatable new Toyota today Experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference are locally owned and operated in L Guaranteed make you a happy camper every time The service department is open late week nights to late to make sure your service work is done and done right like I said It's easy to get there. They're US one in two 93rd Street in homestead just 20 easy minutes out of the old 836 So if you're fed up with a mega dealers who over promised give you a big solid advance and under delivery every time Here's what you'll do called David Richies the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead column a 305 242 3247 305 242 3247 Travel little and save a hell of a lot on that great new Toyota Armstrong Toyota of homestead If Jesus walked deep for today and wanted to lose weight like Jared to look good for that special lady On a special date hypothetical to lose it to an exercise Would be quite a feat even for Jesus so here's the question What would Jesus Swiss cheese Holy miracle whip He'd have no other time assisting push muffins out virgin bloody Mary honor his mother Lucky charms You guys were supposed to sing to secure the lecrocows K Miami Lok yeah Pepper Funn Super Yeah yeah yeah. That's what Jesus will be. Thank you, everybody. I owe man. And I'm gonna say, when he went to buy his grocery. He's redeeming coupons and all the stores employees. And he would cross, train, get all trim and fit. And one thing that he would not eat. He would not eat. Shut your mouth. I'm just talking about Jesus with me. Uncle Jessica Birdie Rice. He's been eating cheese, burger, and paradise. Chicken Alla King. Oh, be alla. Hope yes chicken. Right? I'm put. Hope yes chicken. I think he needs a hot-mine chicken. Oh, hot-mine chicken. Oh, hot-mine chicken. Oh, I do that again. I'm a friend of mine. He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do. Carren Carpenter's dieting proof it isn't good for you. He would need peace. Just a proof it was a real man. And since he was race Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand. That's what Jesus will be. Oh, yeah. Twenty six to eleven at five, sixty. WCM, happy Tuesday. You're moderately happy Tuesday. Things just don't look really grim. I'll pay that right now. And against the Patriot Act. See, even he don't like the Patriots. There was again that night by the way, the Patriots won the Super Bowl, which everybody's forgotten now because of the big flap over nothing. Over little, not even a totally beard-bressed, partially covered booby. And America's falling apart, coming apart at the seams. Now, the same people who were falling apart when the movie priest was released and the movie temptation of last temptation of Christ or release, those people now are urging everybody to go see this. Right. See, I happen to be one of those very strange people, the anybody with a money to make a movie can go make it. You can either go see it or not. What a concept. Yeah. The same people that were having an harvest breakdown about the Godfather because it was, you know, ethnically it was an ethnic smear against all Italians, was the Syrians or whatever they had left. You know, all these people are want to censor everything that we have an option of seeing. You know, go see it with the, or not, as a case may be. So I have no problem with that. But some Jesus scholars have a problem with this movie. Mel Gibson's portrayal of the final 12 hours of Jesus and his film, The Passion of Christ has been held as the Gospel of truth by some believers, but many scholars complain that it's riddled with historical errors. You believe that. Oh my God. Not Mel. Would Mel make aim mistakes? I noticed that. Look what's leading on our poll right now. Out of 102 votes, Mel Gibson got father of all nine. He's leading with 20 votes. Well, I got a three way tie. 21. But I think, well, you probably had a mate. Oh, yeah. No, it's a matter of fact. I will see it 23 just it just moved ahead. The militant Catholics probably your people are. The ones that are happening. Oh, I'm going to go see it. It's about Jesus. The Lord and Savior. Yeah, rub your rosaries while you're doing it. Okay. Rub them wrong. And be sure and take your crucifix because that'll ward off any evil spirits who might be there in the cinema. Vampires. That is correct. And not only that non-believers, there can be pretty evil. Anyway, the complaints of the Jesus scholars range from inaccuracies about here's thousand clothing, which fits in with that bit we just played the Bob and Tom bit about what would Jesus eat? Right. Here's thousand clothing to a lack of gospel context in the film, which is raised a fear among Jewish groups. Ah, who fear its graphic fearer. Ah, don't talk about the president that way. Among Jewish groups who fear its graphic depiction of the crucifix will fan anti-Jewish violence. Oh, hey. Gibson, who was denied the film as anti-Semitic, is saying he can saw that scholars theologians, priests and spiritual writers before scripting the film with the aim of making Jesus agony during the crucifix to appear as realistic as possible. Angelic will preach your Billy Graham, of course, called a film a lifetime of sermons in one movie. Experts say his first mistake was having his character speak Latin and air-make. You want to know why? Why? Because Greek was the language spoken in Jerusalem during Jesus' time, along with Ermake and some Hebrew spoken by the Jews. Yeah, so Jesus is talking to Pasha's pilot and pilot to Jesus in Latin, explain John Dominic Crossan, a professor with just studies at the Chicago-based Roman Catholic Department of Publicity. I mean, in your dreams he said it would be in Greek. Greek? That's what they were into in those days. They were in the Greek. Latin was reserved for officially creased or used by the elite most Roman centurions in the Holy Land. Spoke Greek rather than Latin historians and archaeologists told writers. The mistakes experts say didn't stop with the wrong language which Krosan who speaks Latin said was so badly pronounced in the film that it was almost incomprehensible. Oh boy. Do you think they're just nitpicking now? Yeah. He has a long-haired Jesus. Jesus didn't have long hair said physical anthropologists Josiahs who are studied hundreds of skeletons found in archaeological digs in Jerusalem. Big? I did. Jewish men back at antiquity did not have long hair. Okay. The Jewish text ridicule long hair is something Roman or Greeks had in why he used Lauren Schiffman, along with extensive writings from the period experts also point to a freeze on Rome's arch of Titus erected after Jerusalem was captured in the 7080 to celebrate the victory which shows Jewish men with short hair taken into captivity. Erroneous depictions of Jesus and Westerner and Abok for misled filmmakers in their portrayal of Jesus, experts said in it goes on and on, and on, etc. Bottom mistakes in there. But it's fiction just like the whole story is fiction so why not go ahead of a good time? And I will go and see it as leading right now. Hallelujah man. The Catholics are back. The believers Christ. 21.4% of this even crowd. 29 people out of 135 said, I will see it. Of course I think Miguel voted a few times. Fuck, third man. They didn't all popped up under yet. You're good friend Miguel. The brain washed one. And at the same time we're talking about, this is pretty damn your reference of you to be thanks to me more priest stories while we're talking about this Jesus story to good day for priest stories. It is not. Sure it is. Are you trying to tell me that every day is a good day for priest stories if only the sun comes up. A 20 million dollar lawsuit has been brought against the oblate fathers and is that like oblide the oblada oblique? And father Alfredo Prado, no can to Edgar Prado either the musician or the jockey, the fugitive oblate. What is an oblate? I don't know. Ah, are you going to make kind of like a bassoon but a little bit lower? Who fled his order and joined a doomsday cut in Costa Rica? Cardosolina's the former San Antonio resident who said Prado sexual listed in 1967 filed the suit and state court in California. Salina's got the former parishioner of Prado's that same Timothy's Catholic church in San Antonio said the attack occurred when he was 14 a young man and had a proge Prado for counseling about problems with his father. He got me drunk and raped it and made it. Salina said when I tried to tell my mother she wouldn't believe me. And while who would? Right. I don't know if I'd like that Jesus Jews. I wonder if there's Rick and Jesus Jews in the movie. The next a constitutional amendment to protect marriage in America. Besides even democratic action is needed. Because attempts to redefine marriage in a single state or city could have serious consequences throughout the country. The Constitution says that full faith and credit shall be given in each state to the public acts and records in judicial proceedings of every other state. Those who want to change the meaning of marriage will claim that this provision requires all states and cities to recognize the same sex marriages performed anywhere in America. Congress attempted to address this problem in the Defense of Marriage Act by declaring that no state must accept another state's definition of marriage. My administration will vigorously defend this act of Congress. Yet there is no assurance that the Defense of Marriage Act will not itself be struck down by activist courts. And that event every state will be forced to recognize any relationship that judges the bottom of the official consensus. Oh, choose to call a marriage. How do you like this? Well, President Tays make it an official. Now is the fascism continues, man. It's just just get that big boots on right now. Start marching around your living room or your Batroom. Talk to a lot of people in a Batroom right now. Constitutional amendment to a prevent the gay marriages. Right. Right. You evil faggot. Because always strongly believe that marriage is a sacred institution between a man and a woman, what house press secretary Scott McClillon, be saying. He said the president wants to win growing confusion that's a risen from court decision in Massachusetts and San Francisco permitting more than 3,000 same sex unions. The president believes it's important to have clarity. He wants to make it clear. The union of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution. Honoring, honored and encouraged in all cultures and by every religious faith. Except in you ages of experience of taught humanity, that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another, promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society. You might mention my name, the Vice-Mash of Gareth. Yeah, when you talk to him, W. Be sure to mention my name. 1047, 1047, 560, WQM. It's just it's all like a big avalanche crack coming down on us and a public is going to move into the by all my guys. What's going on over here? Boy, Ellis Ruben, take that. Boy, talk about taking it. That's probably what set him off decided to do with today when he saw that Ellis Ruben story. There would put anybody over the edge. Upstage again, Ellis, you lose. What's your take on a much-hyped Mel Gibson past of the Christ movie? Jesus. 190 votes. I will see it 43. Well, hey, have a good time. Okay, bring your own popcorn. Maybe a few juju bees. Uh-oh. Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis 33. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 32, even a pulpy proud of this marketing 28. He's jealous. I definitely won't see it 27. I might see it if I hear it's good. 15. Oh, it's not just good. It's great. And non-believers, you just ignore it 7-12. So we got a whole variety of choices there for you. WQM, hello. Just a new Roger Schell. Yes, sir, speaking. 1-800. 1-800. 7-4-1. 7-4-1. Team, T-E-A-M. Team, R2-6. A-3-2-6. 7-4-1-A-3-2-6. Thanks, George. He's right back. Okay, thanks. Thanks, George. Thanks, George. See there you go. That was constructive. That kind of Randy Multashto, T-E-Defensteen, when we love dearly, they're at least they're still in business. That is, is Jesus Christ. He is. He's our personal, Jesus Christ. Our personal Savior. Every year, am I in a nursery? Every year, am I birthday? Well, speaking to my anniversary, what's going on here, man? I must be getting my, uh, a child in his disease kicking it off. I must be getting old in the feedbrow, something like that. He was the voice. That's me. Yeah. March 1st, so I'm not going to be on the air. March 1st because I'll be on vacation. We'll do a martyr story one day. Yeah. No. So that means this Friday we have that my anniversary show. So what we'll do is we'll play all the stuff that we can play after March 1st. Isn't that what Karen said? He said, well, make the deadline March 1st so that I'm your anniversary show. I mean, get those forms back and we'll post data. How many years is this going to be 28? 28 years in Miami? About 30, man. And I think it's coming to an end just just at the right time to timing on your work. Wow. I sure had a plan pretty appropriate. We can play Jesus all the part about doing the show from out of the country. I think I had that plan pretty well. Now if we could just move the transmitter to out of the country. Right. 10,000 watts. 50,000. Maybe you'll get him. Hello. Hi, I'm Gomeo. How are you? Pretty good. How are you doing? My vote is melon is daddy. Probably would have liked to take in turns turning the gas on. Oh my god. Get a life, Mr. I used to be such a fan. If I tell you, I loved him. I loved everything he did. I can't look at his face now. I see his movies on TV. I go to the next channel immediately. See, one thing about me, at least I can say I'm consistent because I always despise Melgips and I found him to be on a personal level such an obnoxious bastard that I just couldn't overlook that. So no matter what movie he was in, I wouldn't see it. I just knew never, I never knew anything about him personally. Just always liked his acting thought he was a great looking guy. Enjoyed his movies. They were fine. I was a big fan now. I've turned my allegiance to a new punk. I am a big big Johnny Depth fan now. There you go. I think unless he does anything repulsive, which I can't imagine him doing he seems to have his act together. I will be true, Blue. I can imagine doing a lot of things repulsive. I can't talk about him on a year, especially now. No, not now. He's good. He's good. I saw Donnie Brasko last night, but I couldn't pay much attention to what was going on in the movie because I kept looking at him. Now with Donnie Bray, I saw that not that long ago. I haven't in the other room. Is that the moment where he's in a swimming pool naked? Well, close to it. Close to it. Yes. That was close enough. Not close enough. But I was blue to it. I was very happy you won that Screen Actors going hard. That was kind of a surprise. It wasn't surprise. So I don't think he has much of a chance to win in the Academy Award. But I hope he shows up. Me too. I do too. Have a great day. Thanks. You have great day. Now with Mel. Is that Mel Carmesin or Mel Gibson? Mel Blight. You can smell the smell if it's from Mel. You know what I mean? Oh yeah, that's from Mel. I can recognize the flavor. 560, 560. I mean what? The name I have and is going on here. This is all political pandering. Obviously, that's what this is all about to try to create an issue when they're desperate. The economy's in the crapper. Jobs, all these millions of jobs they're going to create ain't happened. How many jobs are going to create this year? I'm 30 man. Right. I told you they're going to create two new jobs this year in America. President and Vice President November. Those are the only two. Of course, everybody is peeing in their pants because we still can't find Osamaya. Some of them are guys dying over their every single day. Americans dying for no good reason at all. Another a halibutin story and they're going to my pile today if I ever get to it. Where's the headline? Halibutin is being another criminal charges if I can ever find damn thing. Where the hell is it? Man. Ride paid by the way the education secretary called the nation's largest teaches union a terrorist organization during yesterday's private one house meeting with the governor's real humor. A terrorist organization, the NEA. And find my damn halibut. Oh, here it is. The Pentagon's investigation into allegations of halibutin subsidy or a may of overcharged for gasoline delivered to a rack last year is now a criminal probe. The Pentagon admitted yesterday. All right. The defense criminal investigative service, the criminal investigative arm of the Inspector General's Office is investigating allegations of fraud on the part of Kellogg Brown and Root KBR, including the potential overpricing a fuel delivery to bag that by a KBR subcontractor, a Pentagon statement said. And of course, the same company that Vic Cheney was working for and the same company that was doing business with, saw him as late as 1997. Absolutely. Again, just mention in passing. WQAM, hello. Hey, me, how you doing? Okay. I think there's one image that you all are forgetting a portrayal by this movie. Passion. Can you imagine tomorrow the people inside the theater, the Keshan Holy Ghost and screaming in crime during a movie? Yeah. Yeah. Can a heart of Keshan Holy Ghost because, you know, heart cannot heart to get a fix on him. Well, if you're not crazy, say away for them, we'll see you now. Okay. What do you say? If you're not crazy, stay away from that movie. 5 6 7 out. No. If you're not crazy, it means maybe you ought to go to the movie and then you can be. 5 6 7, why should you be different from everybody else? I'm on the star of a whole lot of this. I will see it 53, 22.7 percent. That's the leading vote. That's shocking. That's our good Catholic. How do you think that most of the people are going to go see it? Are Catholic or just other Christians as well? Like born again Christians? I think especially born again Christians. Really? Yes. Also, then Catholics, you don't know about them a lot. Do you? Do you mean by then? Sure. Are you crazy? Catholics are because of this community who's with faith with Catholics. The finalist, just that run around the rest of the country. Yeah, but Mel Gibson is part of his ultra-right wing Catholic culture. The traditionalist Catholic slices father is, but they've joined forces, so to speak. But the fundamentalist and the Jimmy Swagger and those people, they're all powerful in America. So are there's what you're saying is before a business going of all join forces? Oh my God. Wow. Well, time to hand for the hills. I don't mean Sheridan hills either or Emerald hills. I mean the F-233 votes. What's your take on a much had Mel Gibson movie? I will see it 53. Mel Gibson is father of both Nazis 38. Even a pope would be proud of this marketing 36. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 35. I definitely won't see it 32. I might see it if I hear it's good 24. It's sensational Mel needs your money. Come on now. And non-believers should just ignore it 15. Just ignore it. It'll go away like a big boil. You know, like on your ass, a big boil? That's how I consider the whole thing. Mel Gibson and a movie. Big boil on my fat ass. That sends me a long fancier. It says I've been a fan since the first Gulf War. Consider myself a bit of a radio file. It shows like yours giving me two that I would a smile on forming me a pertinent items from a perspective I agree with. I'm going to say it. I've also been a stern fan since he came into the market and joined different talk shows. Non-sports except for the mad dog, mostly because there's no alternative. I listen to Schmitt simply because he's on the dial. There's nothing else on I enjoy. I'm not sure how much of Stern you listen to as in none in the Wai presume for a little none. And have to tell you that you were completely right last week and saying the content on that show was going to be atrocious. Not that he still programmed pretty much as before for now but they dump him so many times that stories become unintelligible and frankly intolerable. A good portion of yesterday's show is to be arguing with the GM about how Schmitty has showstands with all the cut ups and makes everybody gun shy and lame afraid of saying anything. The miserable, turret-micle pile is going to destroy the only thing that brightens the sometime miserable days and nights we endure our entertainment. W. and his colonies are ruining our country with a speed of hunts overtaking a village of women. Alright, this country is nothing but a village of women and the religious right is the hun, the hunth strong that will take away all of our liberties as we win for in Stivalent a corner. Fortunately for me, I'm a Canadian boy American, about to give my EU passport thanks to my WAP descent and speak three languages fluently something that's a valuable asset and every civilized country except this one. Within the decade I'm out of here, the bushrides can have the entire thing, see what the border keep it up for as long as you can old man sit. I scorn sit, see a kid, see you around day. 1056 at 560 every religious faith prohibits gay marriage and of course those of us who don't belong to any religious faith, those who are agnostic, those who are atheists, we have no place in George Bush's America keep that in mind. Tired of the same boring old community and wafers at holiday mass, open wide and prepared to receive by Savior. Now Billy this isn't just any way for it. It's not. No, who the Divine Vehicle of Transubstantiation I've turned this ordinary wafer into the Divine Blessed Body of Christ. Why does the body of Christ have to taste so yucky? Spice of your next community with new Christaroni. Christaroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fortfall. Christaroni cooks up perfect every time. As you should. Hmm, can I have some more Christfather? That's Christaroni Billy. Amen to that. Christaroni, the Transubstantiation Tree. It's a lot of a clock at 560 WQAM. Happy Tuesday to Amen. Happy As Wednesday tomorrow. Mary Cheney urged to fight a ban on same sex marriage as El Presidente is a, a regulating right now. Bup-bup-bup-bup. This is an issue of great importance to America and I would ask of course the obvious question when he says, lad, I would say, why does anybody care what difference does it make? How does it change anything? Hey, did we already have this, uh, if I may interrupt? Yes, Dean Ripping Nader. It was, uh, that's what do you mean do they have it? Did we already have it on the website? Everything. We don't need it on the website. I saw yesterday and he got up there and he said basically the same thing they were all saying that Nader, you're a silly old fossil and cut the grant and quit the, you know, sport on a party and get lost. I just tried to, you know. Did you didn't see that? No. And then I thought the most, uh, important part of his speech was at the end when he said, woohoo! For emphasis. The, the, the Nader still ain't listening because his ego man, what a pompous says. We've got 85 million different stories on the side about, uh, everybody ripping Nader and rightfully so. What a jackass, what a simple and what a foolish old man at least call me your hair you silly goose. God. He looks real presidential, don't he? Not some conditioner. Yeah, get, get some hairspray, you idiot. Man, 70 years old and he just refuses to take no for an answer and he's used being well, he's got to bring all this activism to campaign and raise a lot of issues that the other candidates wouldn't because they're all the established men of yadia and then at the same time nobody's paying any attention to you no more Ralph. God. You like you've channeled six pro, not propped up Ralph Rednex body in the chair and tried to pedal to six o'clock news. Although probably a big improvement over a lot of what's on the year in South Florida. In the way thousands of gay rights supporters are posting opal letters on the internet urging Mary Cheney the diek. I mean the vice president started to speak out against amending the Constitution of Van same sex marriage. The campaign targets Cheney 34 because she is openly gay and is running your father's part of the Bush Cheney We election campaign but hasn't taken a o' and speak at our fruit cakes. Wow. You wonder why MSNBC has nobody watching? Nope. Let me give you a clue. Okay. I'm going to tell you seriously this is the truth. I didn't make this up. They have both of his feet. We did. I'm going to let wait to have him wait it down to the ground so he won't take off like Peter Pan. I'm telling you man. He is the chief of Jesus bikes. All these screamers you've been seeing get married out there in San Francisco and more power to him. But all the clones with the mustache is all the stereotypical screamers. Today are like Hercules compared to Ron Reagan's Juner that lady. I mean, kid, a life gets serious sweetheart. At least he talks real about anyway. Anyway, she's running her fondest part of the Bush Cheney We election campaign but hasn't taken a public position on a proposed federal marriage amendment. As an opion lesbian it was worked for years as a public advocate for gay civil rights. You're in a unique position to defend yourself and your community in this dire hour, the website, dearmery.com says in a model letter. John Aerovosis, the Washington political consultant who set up the site of nods that it's an unusually personal challenge to a member of our president, Cheney's family. If I were a fly in a White House while I think they might be saying, wow, this is very personal and we would say you're right. This is very personal. Aerovosis said, the White House has no problem publicly discussing whether my family's relationships are held on the healthy at the refuse to discuss their own. Jennifer Miller-wise, they spoke to him for the Bush Cheney campaign declined to come in a behalf of the campaign in Mary Cheney of course. She don't want to touch it with your hand. The constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage in their own states. California has no such provision in their constitution and that's where Mayor Gavin Newsom is finding his strength behind his argument is that the same-sex couples in the state of California deserve the same equal protection under the law that heterosexual couples enjoy when they are allowed to marry. Since his decision to allow marriage licenses for gay couples in the city of San Francisco, there have been over 3,200 couples come forward to receive their marriage licenses. Many of them from out of state and the concern among opponents of gay marriage is that many of these couples will go back to their home states, try to challenge the state laws there, challenge their employers, challenge insurance companies to provide them with equal benefits equal to what heterosexual couples now enjoy. Since the website went online February 13 more than 8,000 please to Mary Cheney have been posted. Error Vosers said the set is also raised more than 10 grand for ads, rug attention, Cheney's public silence and is invited public participation in deviseum him. One proposed that which you were faced on a milk carton over the headline, have you seen me? I feel like that. And that goes down about the law's having Republican facts, of course. Oh we're going, this is all going too far. Yeah right, like Alice Rantell. Go see Alice, okay? He's a real eye-poper. Here's a John who fact that he says, I almost threw up at lunch yesterday. In fact, I did. I went home for lunch. It was channel surfing and low. I found a wonderful gym baker with his own show again coming from Branson, Missouri. The total asshole of gym baker with his new wife, Laurie, a ten-y-faith look alike was preaching to the biggest selection of losers I've ever seen about begging for money to join his partners club. Are you living in fog, the favor of God, baker's new lame slogan? Fog, the favor of God. I cannot believe this scumbag is back on television and that bigger scumbags are contributing to him so much for Christianity. I guess God forgives everybody even scumbags. Check out his begging website. No, I'll pass. I don't want to do that. El Paso. Now what is this thing you sent me from the New Yorker, which goes on forever? Well, I only set you the first page. Oh. There's like shall I read it in New York from the New Yorker? Well, a lot of people are interested in finding out what folks are thinking about. It would be such the believers. They're one who I'll read here. You know, that's like the preaching of the choir thing. The one who are the devout believers. Those are the 22% misadents. I will see it. And you know, they're entitled to do that. Of course, the rest of us aren't entitled to whatever they'll want to do, but that's beside the point. Fascism lives in America, baby. That's a big, no mistake about it. That's a loot. That's a loot. Why? They're not, they're not wasting any time. And you know, you notice how all of these things are coming down at pretty much the same time. The Super Bowl and Janet Jackson's Booby and then Michael Powell and then everybody having an nervous breakdown and congressional hearings, you know, the thing about 9-11, here it is, it's almost the middle of 2004 already and they're just getting congressional hearings going to find out how to overcome 9-11 happened back in 2001. But we have a booby on network TV and right away with an amount of days, we've got congressional hearings convened and a drag in Mel Carmesan and the Dragon. This one and that one and how dare you do this. And we're going to take away your license. We're going to put you all in jail. And so, Bob, the Los Punges off the air, Howard Stearned Show has been diluted like a big bowl of water has been like it's bathing in the Atlantic Ocean. Now where'd you tell the story you were telling me this morning about somebody who listens to Howard Show? Yeah, what about it? About how the minute and a half delay in all of this? Oh, yeah, I used to have, I guess it was a double delay or one delay. He used to have 30 seconds and now it's a minute and 30. So, and they have, they have four people sitting with dump buttons waiting to dump stuff on the other hand. So, if he says it the first time they can catch it the second time or the second time and just wear them out. And the rumor is that, is that Stearn is so pissed off with management and he hits the General Manager anyway at infinity that he's ready to go on here and do everything he can try to get fine so that they'll blow him out because the Mel Carmesan dictum from infinity and from Viacom says not only with the out air talent be fire, but also the General Manager, the program director, everybody involved all these people in the dog. Right. The dog done it. He can get them fired because, you know, he'll be fine. Now, he'll be fine. He's only got, but 2,300 million more Mel Carmesan. Jesus Christ. And right. California poll, they're carry 56% Edwards 24 and everybody else is small potatoes. Consentation sharpened. 56 to 24 for carry in pretty scary. Today we got three primaries going out, nobody cares about because it's Hawaii and Idaho and Utah. Anyway, the New Yorker are critic David Denby rights and I have a red design only the first page. I don't want to do too much reading. They want to get 80 million calls on here about what's going on in New York, America. Although we do have 71 people 21.8% see they will see the Mel Gibson movie. That's leading our poll. Of course the other ones are all chopped up in a different category. Because if you take away 21.8% the rest of these like 78.2% right? You're asking me a math question. 78.2. Other genius in math, I don't know anything else. Although I do know the sun is shining into one way. In the passion of the cry, I'll just say that in case a cast on old balls is listed now right now. Some material. What be in between looking now over here? He's probably listed right now because Rick Sanchez is one upper-leveled in any. Oh, I sure are. He's probably looking the TV screen over here on there. In the passion of the Christ, Mel Gibson shows little interest in celebrating the electric charge of hope and redemption that Jesus Christ brought out of the world. He largely ignores Jesus' heart-stuffing eloquence, his starling ethical radicalism and personal life. Christ is a paradigm of vitality and public assertion as John Uplecht described Jesus's curriculum as essay, The Gospel According to St. Matthew. Cecil B. to Mill had his version of Jesus' life, pure power of the Apostle, and Martin Scorsese He had theirs, and Gibson of course is free to skip over the incomparable glories of Jesus's temperament, and to devote himself as he does to Jesus' pain and martyrdom in the last 12 hours of his life. As a viewer, I'm equally free to say that the movie gives this made from his personal obsessions as a seconding death trip, a grimly unilluminating procession of treachery, beatings blood agony, and to say so without indulging in anti-quickence and sentiment, Gibson's turn for what his critics are spreading. For two hours with only an occasional pause or gentle flashback, we watch stupified as a handsome strapping at times half naked young man is slowly tortured a death. Gibson is so thoroughly fixated on these scourging and crushing of Christ, so meagrely involved in these spiritual meanings of the final hours that he falls in danger of ordering Jesus' message of love into one of hate. And against whom will the audience direct its hate? As Gibson was completing the film's honest or lengthyologians at Purdue and acute and emphasising the discredited charge that was the ancient Jews who were primarily responsible for killing Jesus, the Jews, the claim that it served as the traditional justification for the persecution of Jews in Europe or nearly two millennia. The critics turn out to have been right. Gibson is guilty of some serious mischief in his handling of these issues, but he may have also committed an aggression against Christian believers. The movie has been held as a religious experience by various Catholic and Protestant groups, some of whom with an ungodly audit the commercial reality of his film distribution have pre-purchased blocks of tickets or rented theaters to ensure they passion to healthy opening weekend business. But how I wonder will people become better Christians if they're filled with the guilt anguish or a loathing that this movie may create in their souls? How about the rest of this story? Cover the rest. During the break. See, sounds like a pretty good review. So far. And in the headline on the story is Neil. That's the title of the column. Neil. That's bad. Neil's yet. 699. On the pop. Huh? I can get a cheaper whole deal. Get them cuter nails, baby. Let's have a sale for nails. Right outside, they're in a corner of Ives, Dury, and 441. And they may be the ways that extra money for a poker Brian for that 50 bucks a week that they want to cut them back. One more spot sales department, okay? Just one more spot. For a couple hundred man, that'll do it easy. Take care of a month. Just one spot a month more. And that'll take care of that little pilly pocket change that they're squabbled about. Much of cheap bastards them. I think that if there is a hell, I really do really do believe some of them people are going to be in it, you know? Yeah. I don't want to say the beesleys. And they receive none of the protections that other families receive. For example, I pay each and every week into the Social Security system. But as I die, my family will not get Social Security. Well, it's your advice. American, honey. So just cut the die crap. 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 60. I think we're going to have to call on Jan Arena not a sticker finger in the die. Don't you? I think a plug-all of the holes that are happening. Not necessarily. I'm serious. There's some terrible things happening in the American system right now. And I think we have to get old Jan. In fact, she's the only one who could handle a tour. Well, let's go to our president. Hey, listen. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are in, credible. You pay zero closing cause, zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee and zero discounted points. Get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000, your pay only 60,000 and don't forget once you'll be finance a get you a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing cost again. So call them today at that new number. It's toll free, 1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 9, 5, land, right at I'm your chest. Get the low rate mortgage a deserve and then move out to your next property without further cost of expense. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dock fees, zero closing costs even when you moved to another property. How can you meet that? Get the new low rate financing of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage and only from the financial group. Never pay closing cost again. Call financial group today toll free, 1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 9, 5, land, that's 1, 8, 6, 6, 3, 9, 5, L, E, N, D, the Renequal housing lender, restrictions apply rates, something to change monthly, 4.21 APR. In twirl must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird, cult thing he can do. Elrod, how the person not a nut, he was the famous man ever lived. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. It's his legitimate as any other major religion only for some. The last Scientologist, if you call him gay, he'll sue you for 100 million dollars, but if you call his religion crazy, he'll cut you in half. Mike Wise, with a forward foot samurai sword. Call him himself, he can't put it to a penalty will be, and if not, he's even winning to die for dionetics. He is the last Scientologist. What do you want from me? I mean, besides my pain, my fortune can be controlled by life, but we have my soul. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. Unless you count John Tove Walter, Jenna Elf, and the few other gullible Hollywood riots. The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you. 1117, here's the facts from Al, who says the more I learn about how this country is getting fleshed down the twirl at the more I want to move to Canada. But someone I know inform you they saw a store on TV about the Yuzuka running rampant to the point of public shootouts in Canada. Have you heard anything about that? The one? Yakuza. What did I call it? Yakuza. What's the Yakuza? The Japanese mafia. All right. Whatever you say, I don't think you're right away. Certainly not here at the Toronto. The Yakuza, yeah they're. They're not. Never heard the Yakuza. Really? I've heard it, Lijakuza. Anyway, here's now, let's get back to serious stuff. Okay, please. Pretty pleased. Sunny Shannon is beautiful. It's a little on the chilly side, but nevertheless. Get back to Howard Stern. Okay. Now, I want it first of all. I don't want to say it's a tell you so. But you remember those days when after 9, 11 and the days when after March of this year, when they were last year, when they invaded Iraq and certain people on the year, I don't want to mention no names. Okay. But certain people who in the past had always been very ultra liberal and cutting edge and very anti established. And all of a sudden started a goose stepping in line and supporting the bushmeister. And Howard Stern was one of those. Do we call that? No. I'm not. I'm all about it. I didn't hear it, but we had reports. Yes. And of course, I'm thinking to myself, while the day is going to come when he's going to rule that decision. And I want to raise thinking to myself now about how he's been stabbed in the back by the very people he was supporting. Edmund Cal. Right. That's right. Man Cal of course has always been a right winger, which I still find that hard to, well, even right winger's want to get laid, at least he's honest about that. But I wonder how he feels about it now, that they're getting fine in Chicago big time. Anyway, so here's the report on this facts. It's as Stern wants to leave the year now because today they dumped the word thrust when it followed Amel. Amel thrust and they dumped the word thrust. Oh boy. Now, I will say this because infinity, you know, Viacom has got to have a lot more stake than some others, although the bees will easily know they've spent their whole life pretending to be in this business. So they certainly don't want to lose anything. But with Viacom, that was directly related to course with CBS, MTV, the whole Janet Jackson flap. So that's where it's all centered now. So they came out with that directive that we read on the year last week and it was just having an interest breakdown. And if you do this and if you say that. And if you see K, but at any rate, be sure to say hi for us. I'll tell you, you said, hey, okay, okay, say hey, okay. So I'm looking at the now, I do have to say this for Beastly Broadcasting. I can't say too much, but generally speak. I may pretty much let us all always do our thing. And number two, this programming content policy form that we're all having to sign, which I signed this morning. And again, they're not the ones who are making these regulations. You don't understand the individual companies are the ones saying, oh, what you can't do this. No, they're not the ones who have an effect. It's the FCC with all the threats now. Just like the threat to start in on cable. That's why y'all are looking so feever. Gary's ass and all the other pictures we've posted on our website every day because you may never see him again. Why? Where does it stop? Where does it stop with these Nazi bastards? Because that's exactly what they are. This is fascism at its worth. Forget about free speech. Because they just make it up as they go along. Here's an example. National standard of patent defensiveness in order to be found in decent. The language involved whether it's explicit double on ton in you end or sound effects. This comes to do they patently offensive description or depiction of a sex act organ or excritory function. In determining whether languages patently offensive are what's important or realized to recognize that local community standards are not used. See, always they used to be up until the group of fascists came and they just changed it arbitrarily. Forget about local standards. Rather the F. Now, wait, when did you hear this? You will, I guarantee you get out the depends right now because you'll pee your pants. Yes, he considers whether an average adult listener in the United States would find a broadcast matter patently offensive and the FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining the standards of the average adult listener. For this reason, the FCC is held at the actual popularity among adults residing in the market where programmers will not insulate material from a finding of indecency. So even if you have the number one rated show, even if Howard's student has a 45 share in your market, it doesn't make any difference how popular is because if there's one asshole in that market who doesn't like to show that we're going to take their word for it and we're going to say, hey, guess what we're going to find your ass or kick you off the or both. That sounds like a good system. And average adult listener, the FCC will rely on its own expertise in determining what that is. Right. Now you see, if you ask me if an average adult listener in the US would be offended by that, I would say no way. And there's no way that even the FCC would push that. You know what I'm saying? No chance. No way. Even these fascists. So that's about as much as we can do. Maybe one of those, maybe, all of those, that's it. Don't hit the wet one. Oh, no. Ah, that's the one. I know what's wanted is. I was saving the last for best. Best for whatever. Don't forget, look for the QN van that a new to two of the shell gas station that's on a corner of 136 Avenue, which is Panther Parkway of course, and sunrise Boulevard. Stop by now who's going to be there? Scott? Yes. Oh, man. You ain't seen nothing to you, Matt Scott. Stop by the registered would appear of a front road ticket, so not coming Panthers home game plus the first five people to drop to the fan. We see the pair tickets to see the caps game this Friday. And of course, they're given tickets away at the Panther games very sad. But we're given a way to no to two with the shell gas station right there by McDonald's, corner of 136 sunrise Boulevard, and prestigious sunrise. And quite the facts me, the other pages of this. It's a very long review, which I will get to. But before that, since we're talking about all this attack on everything that you want to see and hear and read, and don't let me forget, I will read that thing about cable again. I think I'm going to read that every day. You should. WDQA, I'm hello. Good morning, how are we doing? Okay, sir. Can we agree that the religion is for like the people in need and they're searching for hope? They're going to sort of all about. They need of what? You mean, we need of something like that? You need of a clutch, you need of a line? I'm hooked and right. So I'm switching through the channels yesterday. I see this Christian channel, whatever. So the lady says that a couple people got healed on the set of the movie attached to the cry. Yeah, that's because they probably thought and broke their arm or something. They got healed on a cast. She says that a blind man got healed and a deaf guy and started hearing whatever. So that's just man that was interviewing goals. Well, I have a prediction that everybody, a lot of people who are going to go see this movie in the theaters are going to be healed when they walk out. Oh, I don't think there's any doubt about that. Now, do you see that there's only one thing that's going to be healed with this movie sir and it's Mel Gibson's Bank of Count. Okay, that's going to be healed. Big time. Now, MTV had to retake by the FCC. Where does it stop? Let me say it again. MTV is a cable network. Right. MTV does not come into your living room, into your bedroom, into your attic, into your, anywhere. Over the year, it's a cable subscription, only network. You have to willingly pay money to somebody to bring you MTV on your cable package. Okay. But Janet Jackson Super Bowl flash, last, last, last, last, last and, three seconds, but the impact continues to ripple through via Com the media giant that broadcast the Super Bowl game. Congress, see here we go again with Congress. If you're going to wait for Congress or John Kerry or anybody else said to bail you out a miss for get about it. Ain't good to happen. Or Ralph Nader. Congress the FCC, right wing radio commentators now are all those native did call the other day for Bush to be impeached. I give marks for that but nobody's listening Ralph. I told you that months ago. The US, the FCC, right wing radio commentators and outrage citizens are calling for a strict or decency standards and the artist and executive to make the living from AG music performances and videos are in retreat. See, it's a good, it's a good way to deflect, you know, the whole, uh, wagging the dog thing that will I hold it to deflect attention for your own problem. I'll use him as an example. I'll be pointing your fingers. I'll be pointing your fingers. I'll be pointing your fingers. I'll be pointing your fingers. I'll be pointing your fingers. I'll be pointing your fingers. Take the spotlight over your own personal feelings. The word hypocrite comes immediately to mind. MTV in particular which produced the Super Bowl half time show us the midst of a wide scale real of animation of its musical news dramatic content as the rest of the world is peeing in their pants laughing at the USA again. Not only do they hate us, but now they're laughing at us again. Within a week of the game MTV no stranger to criticism, most recently response to the Britney Spears Madonna kiss of the video music awards. Oh, G, the world came to an end on that almost in it. Almost. But on seven music videos out of prime time. And if I could tell you how this just frost my fad old ass, one of the videos was singled out for political content and deepest mega-lomaniac included tips of Hitler and people drinking oil. That's got to be one of the great videos in the history of the human race. That may be the best ever. See it here like every five minutes. The other six contains sexual content. See the first of all the idea of political content. Do you understand what we're talking about boys and girls? It's being censored because of political content. You get it. Are you following the bouncing balls? Are you understanding what they're talking about here? A video on M on a subscription channel. Being censored because of its political content. Right? The six of this contained sexual content, Britney's see-through body-suit in toxic, two women kissing in Blake 182's I miss you, a PG roll of PG-13 roll in the sheets in room five this love and general rum shaking in ludicrous, splash waterfalls, cacities hotel and the engang twins Saltshaker. As the February 15th MPV reintroduced six of these videos including an alternate version of Blake 182's clip that doesn't show the same sex kiss. Oh thank God, I feel so much safer now. Oh my God, I just did the time we were ready to fall apart. Twenty seven pounds to eleven and five, 60. I'm going to tell you seriously if I had a football right now I would show it up to us right before you. Back to him, he is just not doing his thing for us, you know? Yeah. Did he come back to you with any answers to your questions? No. No. Troy the boy, you're out Troy. I just talked to the folks they said you're out. Back to the fish. Anyway Katrina's on balance for life she's lost what is it? Twenty two pounds thereabouts on balance for life. We have to talk to Katrina, but just about there about to give her take. Balance for life might be the answer a lot of you fan people are searching for. Let's stop being around to bush fat is not worth sad. Pad makes you sick. It makes you look like a tub like I believe me I know. But the zone based program which is what balance for life is based on really works for it. Wages pours off your body and it's easy with balance for life because they make it delicious. They make it painless. You don't have to starve yourself. You don't have to go shopping and count calories or carbs or buy anything else. Because they deliver right to your door a little black sack every day which has got all the food to keep you full and satisfied all day long. Three hormonally balance gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, even a six-nouse bottle water they're right in there. So get yourself with the real controlled and proven weight loss eat healthy lifestyle. Balance for life. The only choice you'll ever make on this is filling out the menu once a week you get to choose each meal and snack every day that you run a program. So if you're sick and tired of trying to add kids in the grapefruit diet and you know all of the other dozens and you're still fat as a cow and really frustrated, this could lead to think you're looking for because like I said they take the guesswork out of it for you. Call Balance for Life Today gets started right away. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 that's 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 or check them out on the web at balance for life.com. My life and local. Here's sports radio 5 60s you a UAM. If anybody has a opinion, descending from our way, we'll place your name in Pula City style. If you're in the me of the state, don't even talk on to a question, just follow on to a day. Everybody's planning class. Class has to stay. In the actual history is a little much bigger than you. Everyone's on the special day. So much fun to do. This got to court me. And I know you're buying the. In which other land they can. I have to say. Yeah, gotta hate those. And slid down the boroughs too. Believe everything we can. And the state will not know. That one for court man. We love your husband. I hope in Taney push. Back as to Wesley. We don't mind to see our jobs go. We're passing the night by J. Don't be stupid. All the world is crazy. The fact of paradise in where everybody's turned in five days. Class has to stay. That's a beautiful thing. I just got to write now. Wow. Man, Michael Powell. What a mess. Think it's an all new thing. Oh man. How soon we're going to get that one up there? Oh, that you know as soon as it's there. Oh, that is just a phenomenal thing man. Wow. Talk about a scene in pornographic. Mr. Powell. You've phoned a hypocrite. Take a look at the size of those babies. And what a. Yes. If you ask me. Okay. I'm going to do it again. I think I may read this at some point during the show every day. There's a lot more about the MTV thing. I'll get to it. I do want to take a lot of calls though, especially line nine. QAM. I hope on your address. Yes, sir. Hi. How are you? Pretty good. I've been listening to since 1986. And this is the first time I'm giving you a call. Excellent. Yes, I just wanted to say that I did listen to our certain months ago. And when he was talking about and kind of. Condoning bushes administration. I've curated me and I would email him a couple of times. And you absolutely right. I think he's really going back on those. Comments that he made. He's been hit right on the ass. I'm like the same people that he was sucking up to. Exactly. I think up in here and cleave. I'm listening cleave on the internet. I used to live down in Miami. Right. And I think a few are going to be taking on some of the seeds before the Christ moving. Put in some cues. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I listen. I really enjoy your show. I've been listening like I said since 1986. And I hope I'm going to be listening for a lot longer. Well, listen. Stay out of the few, man. And have a great day. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. What do you just say? You be. He's a good guy. And thank goodness we're back on the stream. On the internet again, Wonder how long they're going to let that go on, huh? Sir, I want you people to understand. You think that there's just melodrama or an eel getting all better to shape or being real, you know, ultra liberal or whatever. I'm telling you right now. Then it will rub the Michael Powell and the bush mice. They're enchanting all these other Nazis that are running your country. You, they only choices you'd have. They'll be the ones who agreed with them. That would be it. And Gordon Litty. And Ali North. And Michael Medbed. And Tom Shotach. What are the highlight guys name is? And that would be it. And of course occasionally Phil. Yeah, but wait. Yeah. But wait a second. Henry. First rated by the profanity and nudity on television. A culminated with Janet Jackson. Justin Tinkerbell. sexy Super Bowl dance. Angry lawmakers earlier this month raised the prospect of expanding the fight against and decency on television to cable networks for the first time. Oh my God. In separate simultaneous hearing and by the way, the constitutional memo on gay marriages, it might they might actually take it up before the end of the year. Not that it's going to be a political issue. Of course they have to get two thirds of both houses and Congress to approve it. Or two thirds of the state's legislatures. Good luck. And anyway. In separate simultaneous hearings members of the House of Representatives and Senate full members of the FCC and the president of CBS Viacom Mel Carmesan, it finds could just be the beginning of a new crackdown on profanity and decency on US airways. And of course they're the ones who are defining what's in decent what's profanity. They're just making it up as they go along. Most immediately they appear headed toward passing legislation that would increase tenfold to find on TV and radio broadcasts that violate FCC decency rules to a maximum of $275,000 per violation. Lawmakers including Republicans usually wary of government regulation raise the possibility of getting even tougher such as passing a three strikes in your off the year law that would be vote the FCC's licenses of repeat offenders. We can have Christian music on every station all day. Reformers who focus on network television are missing 85% of the story because 85% of Americans now get their television program from people in TV, a satellite TV, FCC chairman Michael Paul said you can see the lovely chairman Paul on our website any minute now. Even more lovely than the other picture we had before from a different angle. As he shows his big fat back home to the world. Senator John McCain, Republican and Arizona favorite has suggested by the consumers union that Congress require cable and satellite operators to offer a all-acard programming in which people pick and pay only for the channels they want. God forbid that we should see Brittany and Madonna kissing again or some grotesque vulgar thing like that. Congress would have to change rules governing the FCC before the commissioner that expanded oversight of cable TV because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public air waves. It is historically been out of the FCC's jurisdiction. But in the aftermath of the Super Bowl flap that grotesque half time show those two seconds of perversion. Congress may be willing to give the FCC greater authority over cable. This is all a dog and pony show man. This is just, they're just waiting for an excuse. It's just like invading Iraq. 911 came along unfortunately of course tragically, but they use it as an excuse to do what they already planned it to be for and the same thing now. They use the janitax and just and think about flat as an excuse to do whatever they want to be doing all along. Let's get all the people off the year, all the outrageous people who generally other than man cow and certain other ones we know. Okay. 10 to be far to the left of where they're coming from. The new picture is up. The new picture is on the arraggies.com. Believe you me, you'll fall on your echo. Make it look at that. I strongly recommend sitting down while looking at it. But firmly, firmly seated in your chair. Okay. Laying down. Or maybe laying on the floor would be good. In the chrome position. How's Julie Crohn doing, my little wife? So, twenty-two noon is five sixty. We got the mad dog at two, the Humphor at four, the Hebrew hammer. Hank over at four hurricane warm up at seven. You got the seat in the hall at Miami, Herkkun, 730 night basketball. 932 is Eddie Kay and enjoy Markov and I two to five in the morning. Boy, it's just all like coming down just the way you feared it would. You know what I mean? Be a friend. Be very afraid. Exactly. Well said, sweetheart. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, if you're hungry and you want to break from the kitchen, here's a place you can go and really pick out. Take the whole family, the whole gang, all your friends and even some strangers off the street. Because they'll love the Emo coast. They want to take care of the cooking for you. Start out with one or a whole bunch of their six different delicious soups. And sampled dozens of mouthwatering entree like New York strip made order. And their sizzling Asian grill. The brand new seafood sain's york. The oysters on a half shell, the last can stone crab, middle net clams, jumbo shrimp, Scampia of the night. And if you still have some room for the headcar of primary, but the new Thai specialties, too, there are buffet features of full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail, too. No MSG, no cornstarch. You'll never walk out of this place with a headache. Just a big smile on your pussy. And you'll be as they say in China, Gazunt and Pupik. And because a lot of you are real cows, I mean, because you really enjoy the sweets. Emerald coast features of full desert station, so bring along your crowbar and shove it in your pan. There's some that is certain your pan's and eat it when you get home. They got Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings fresh fruit as well. You can't be to a district. A lot of imitators all around town, everybody in their brothers do not have to be close to the Emerald coast. Three locations for you. They're in sunrise, Pine Island of Forty Fort Street. They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd Street, north of Miami Beach. And also the intersector flamingo and femur crows in prestigious femur pines. So take the old family or book your next business lunch and right now and let our good friends at the Emerald coast. Do the cooking for you. Take out and whatever you're always available to. And by the way, Richard those least man, what are we going to do? Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22. That's 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. And my wife and wife. And look all this is Forty-of-I-60. Wait, who am I? Fid. Fid. The Rogers are sports home radio W-A-A. Underneath Quirai, the food-proof bag is sent up by a new beach. Where they blend right in. And past special surprise visit to Mad Drive. Here we are. Oh, my. Come in, won't you? What do you think? Nothing for us to go here. Looks fine, talent. Let's go. Wait a second. What's this? Huh? Clown up down. I remember this law blow up, ball of an old fat view before. Oh, I forgot to put that away. Who's supposed to be? Nothing really. Just to blow up the Neil Rogers. It's all too much. I'm tired. Lady boy. It's August 14, 16, till noon at 5.60 WQAM. And a faxes, the stuff are just pouring in here. Oh, that's right. This is the review by Roger Eepert that I just printed out. Thought it was from you. He said that course he sucks up because he was an old gross. We sucks up pretty hard. But he does say it's the most violent film he's ever seen. He was an alter boy. He was altered. I saw boy. Now I did. It will probably be the most violent film you've ever seen. He says. Not a criticism, but an observation. It's unsuitable for younger viewers. But worse, powerful for those who can endure it. He says of the 126 movies that minutes that the movie lasts. At least 100 minutes of that. Maybe more, concerns specifically and graphically, with the details of the torture and death of Jesus. And again, he says, this is the most violent film I've ever seen. Now, aren't these the same people that religion is to always scream into our violence and the movies and about how grotesque violence makes our kids grow crazy and do grotesque violence things. And now what they're always saying? Yeah, but at least it's not sexual. But if it's about religion and it's okay. See? If it's the terminated, that's bond. Right. But if it has a religious context and if we can help brainwashed the masses, make a lot of money from hell and the aboys, then it's okay. Well, it's important for you to know just how much Jesus suffered for your sins. You boy. Okay. Thank you, Jesus. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Pretty good, sir. A couple of things. One choice on the poll, if I may. Yeah. I'll wait till it comes out second rents. Uh-huh. And also, I don't know who makes choices, but let George know that on the pictures of the girls every day. We'd like to see Oriola and Gennethelio. Okay. Great. We'll call up Michael Pollen's see what he says. I'll get their gothicological logic. Not to say any regulation over the internet yet. Okay. Not yet. Now, who are you thinking about for tomorrow? I don't know. I'll go through the catalogue. I think it's a very tasteful picture of Sofia Vergarda, where you buy it. And that's right on the beach. On the sand, you don't see no nipples and you don't show nipples. She only shows her cheeks. Well, whatever she's willing to show you, there is for you. And there is. And of course, as the next bonus. Yeah. Oh, man. I got to go back to that homepage. Here it is. Oh, is that a lovely day? Right above the old preparation rush thing there too. So, I'm going to go back to them. Wow. Careful about insertion. Maybe now let's see. Anald Frost was what they were concerned about and how it's doing show this more. Of course, that show. They've been it's amazing. They must do some really grotesque stuff on here because they're concerned about such my new show. Like, asshole. They won't let they won't even let Howard say douche bag. The infinity people for years. I've been down on a shave about that. Of course, if I was making a money, he was making a mobile nightcare. What I could say, see. Right. I wouldn't say anything. Right. I didn't even see that. I think that that's a man blending of Michael Paul and Cida Cruz. That could be wrong. Don't you think? That's a very good point. Why don't everybody take a look because look at the heels that that bitch is wearing. I mean, whoever that is. Oh, God is a bitch. The beautiful thing, yes, I did. Michael Paul, you're a bitch. WQN, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? See, I don't listen. Milano, uh, Patricia in the web. I don't know where the tattoo starts or ends. You know what I mean? I didn't know what you mean. Uh, now let me ask you or George. How's your or any of that rumor that they have Osama bin Laden surrounded somewhere in Afghanistan? Well, it's not a rumor. It's a news story that they're creating. They say, well, surrounded. It's like, that's like saying, we have used surrounded somewhere on a planet. So it's kind of not legit that. Well, I mean, I don't know who the hell knows. Whether they're telling the truth or if we know they might, they might have him now. They might be waiting to spring into big fall surprise a month before the election say, hey, look who we got. As you know, what I was going to turn everybody to push. No, I don't think so. I have to throw it and enclosing Neil. And enclosing Neil. Yes. Hank killed Jesus Christ. Okay, great. Beauty. The Hebrew hammer, not going to Hebrew hammer. Well, that probably used the Hebrew hammer to pound those spikes. I would think so. I don't forget to get your nails right. Those pewter nails. I got a nine inch nail. An MTV news segment on sexual politics has also been delayed until outrage over the Superbowl Dies down to corn and TV staffers. This is on a cable channel. California is Laguna Beach High School pulled out of an agreement to let that work from a reality show based on students' lives. And several record labels are toning down videos currently in production out of fear that they won't be shown according to industry sources. The current state of the culture is different. As one label executive represents prominent hip hop artists. It's an election year and nobody wants to be made an example of. How do you like that? Please, please go see instead of seeing the passion of the Christ of Edivis Crap is called, please go see Reddit by at steal it. At your DVD store, uh, boring for colombine. If you haven't seen it already, even if you have to watch it again. It's on cable right now. Goodwill friends house. Right. I'm looking around some cable on the HBO's and movie channels. I'm going to tell you about the first one. Go to our friends house if you're too cheap to pay for it. And the movie too and watch it. Folding for colombine. And as he points out so well, all of this below the video. All of it's the violent movies. And it's this and that the same movies the same videos the same everything they're shown here in Canada and all over the world. All over Europe anyway. Tons of new to the, I'm talking about full new to the nipples in the new name it. And the people are killing each other in their societies aren't crumbling in the world. Isn't laughing at them because they're all up tight. Yeah, but the probably I'll go into hell with all the important things that we have to deal with. And the best that these born again fundamentalist lunatics can do is start with this kind of crap. It's just tragic. It's pathetic. MTV executives refused to come in for this article. This is in Rolling Stone by the way. Even to describe programming changes. A spokeswoman who only say we have to pay attention to what's happening in our culture. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Pop culture has been on a slippery slope for some times that represented a threat up in chairman of the house's internet telecom subcommittee. This was the straw that broke the camel's back. Up the name Michigan Republican, of course, what a shock has been a key player in the fight-ahal potentially offensive programming. He spots it a drill on January 13 that aims to raise the fines for broadcasts just to tenfold. That day after the Super Bowl, he also called via company mail. Carmas and a complaint about that time show. And a February 4th Wall Street Journal at a Tural Headline, via comms porn channel, demanded that via comm fire, empty-be president Judy McGrath. Via comm was already seen as a repeat offender within TV. Commity central Howard Stern and the opion Anthony show on its payroll. So when Carmas and declared that in decent and by the way, comedy central is no with the or either. It's another cable channel. So when Carmas and declared that in decency standards need to be clarified representative Heather Wilson, Republican of Mexico, and hardly control our anger. I remember it well, her performance. You knew what you were doing. She said of the Super Bowl with tears and arise. You wanted us to be all above. It lines your pockets. She was nearly having a stroke. Having a fit. Pitching a fit. I almost had a pitch in a tent. Yeah, well, can't do that. Well, the Indians can pitch a tent. Why don't I have a tent to white man? Well, they're grandfathered in. And we don't know more reservations. Don't be saying pitch a tent, no more. I turn another one. And it's just dawned on me. If it goes through this thing, I'll tell you what. Can't play that no more. Uh, something I have to add to more to the list. So you will have a partial list. But we're not doing it. It's going to be definitely clear to me. Trouzard. Can't play that unless, of course, we start putting our own bleep. Yeah, how about a trouser. Yeah. Yeah. You see what we're talking about. This is what it's been reduced to is that you can't. It all has to be reduced to level of a five or six or 70-year-old child. And even they would probably laugh in their answers off at it. What's your take on a much-hyped meld Gibson patch to the Christmau? We'd let's our pull question on theorodgers.com. Where you can also take a look at our the chairman of the FCC. Black dome is big fat one. 537 votes. I will see it. 113, 21%. I'll tell you what. Don't go see it. Send us the money instead. The rest will let George and Josh will split up the money and go do good deeds. Dan straight. Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis. 90 of you said that. Even a pope would be proud of this marketing 87. That was my vote and a proudly. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 84. I go to that. I might see it if I hear it's good. 69. We should have put the other one on it that clown just called before and said, you know, but I wait till I get a bootleg copy. But anyway, we won't do that. I might see if it's good 69 or 69. And also it's 69. I definitely won't see it. See how that number keeps popping up. I do. Better take a picture of it. Make sure that they understand we're not making those numbers up. Oh, thank goodness. They just changed the 70 both of them. And nonbeliever should it just ignore it 25. But a 545 votes on the passion of the Christ. You Christ killers. WQAM hello. Yeah. I'm speaking yes. Oh, I know. It's too fast, man. I am fast. What do you think about putting a patent on a new software and just in time for the movies, maybe with the popcorn, the diet, Jesus juice with rhyme? Not bad. It would be pretty tasty. Uh-huh. Let's try it. Okay. And how many 40 and are going to be able to read the subtitles anyway? About 30, man. 567. Oh, 560. That's a great point about the fact that they spoke Greek. And yet only the the, the, the, a buckety, bucks, the higher ups with the spoke Latin. Everybody else spoke Greek. So I'll confuse Melwood the facts because this is the, the passion of Christ and the, crucifixion of Christ to go into Mel. See, they should have put that in the title to according to Mel. I would appreciate it more for like a according to Mel Brooks, you know, that history of the world somewhere. That would have been a real hoot and a heart. Because it's your favorite to blink 182. It's your favorite to blink 182. It's your favorite to blink 182. We better not play that cause it's not even knew. Is it the new, uh, cleaned up video? I don't know. It might not be because it's on much music and I have a tendency to play them un-expergated. They don't leap out the words because it's candidate and we're like a little bit. They're like a little more mature here than the Americans. You know, how does it feel to have the whole world laughing at you? Number one, they fear they're terrified. Number one and so number two, they don't like Americans as much as they used to because they're afraid of this attitude. And number two, they're laughing at you. So when we're going to hand it, you know. Yeah, that's what she said, but the other one is saying. Be it for him. Yeah. So it's not a very pretty picture, you know. Of course, if the laugh out as you know, we can do that's right. Drop unabama krande. That's right. Just like that bit we got. We got the bomb. Just like Dennis Lewis says, we got the big big F in bomb. Uh-oh. I wonder what about that? Can we still play that? Wait. I think we can. I love that bit. Right. And how quietly do it, you're not able to control the balance. Just a little bit. Okay. Yeah. Up to the. And all the songs. I have a great idea. He just turned 90-stakes old song. Can't believe the language I hear home to. Oh, my. Every home of word is an obscenity. All right. And here's the feeling. Came over as a whole on words. But now the networks left there and just curse. There's a wind in sight. The business and a geek. All the dialogue contains profanity. It's where we like to sail around a pre-day pass. Words are whole on words that ask. I've done. If I'm a bomb call or will it be? Before they drop the F on the word TV. Or if I'm a bomb. There's no telling where. The drop on all the you. Oh, my God. I'm 56. I love that. And we can still play it. I didn't find anything in there. Now we will have to pass it through our committee. Definitely. Clarence. Right. I'm not a trouble. Keep our clearance away safely away from the beast. Till he heals up a little bit. And they can sit around. I think that's a great idea. We have over 5,000 comedy bits and sounds and drop-ins in our DCS computer. For example. I don't think we can play now. We'll have to ask them. But. I don't think we can do that. I mean, if anal thrust was a bleep. Of course that's not a commission. That's the paranoia at infinity now. That's everybody's eye. The big spy glasses over their ass. Let me ask you. Which member of the committee? Did you say let me ask you? Let me ask you a question. Yes. Which member of that committee is going to understand the significance of? S.A.L.S. Gamma. I did. See now you notice he said member. First he said ask. And then he said members. See you're not fooling me. Maybe fooling some of the slow people out there like Duffin Clarence. You're not fooling me. And that's how it's not the only over my life. Three minutes till noon at QM. Hey, if you've got a crappy job or maybe if you've been working in radio and you know that your days are numbered. Here could be the answer for you get a real career. And we're talking about a high-paying computer career and the big fat paycheck that goes along with it. Call fast train. No, the folks it'll help you get the training you need to get yourself a real life. Call them today at 1-86-86 fast train because in just four short months they can really get you trained for a new high-paying computer career. And don't forget the demand for computer professionals. Continues to grow. So call them today because the sooner you make the call the sooner you can see the body or dead end job. Call 1-86 fast train. With seven locations all over town there's about to be one convenient to wear by your live and fast train offers you job placement. Financial assistance for people who qualify too. With day night and weekend classes no excuse no more would have stayed in a dead end crappy job working for peanuts. So get yourself by the end of the summer a great new job and a career that goes along with a big fat paycheck that you'll be getting. Check them on to the way the fast train. Come and then make that call and please don't forget. Tell them that the answers have seen Todd Dreck told you to call 1-86 fast train. Come on. And look all. This is for 20 by 60. You way you way you. Hey I'm proud you Liana are Russian laden and I like scrubbing my snowy gorilla as with soap made from jewels and listening to the new roke. I'm gonna use the hour. Check out. On to free fall. I'm baby rolling. No branches. I'm mean. As you like to cut me red. My baby eats on the chicken with some mayo mixed and dripping off the chin. Woo. My baby just lost the lonely. Holy ring. Tony. The family's man. My baby is a wheel cheese. He's down there pretty. He's from the church. I can't. I can't. If you want a little great news, a lot of that way. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Maybe somebody else in Michael's probably atkins book before it's too late. You know it. Okay, because it looks to me like he's ballooning up big time. I'm concerned about poor Michael. 12. 3. At 5. 60. W. At. 32% yes and 64% which is all the more reason why this whole thing is obscene. Yeah. Bigger tree. Hate. See, for example, if they would have had a before blacks were given a right to vote. Would it take a nation might pull if we had to. Or with it. Or we know, well, see women are almost 50% we're talking about minorities. Women at least population wise are just about maybe a little more than men. But I'm using example of people who represent a small minority of the population. And so when the majority can. Uh, can vote. I'm whether those people have rights or not. Uh, it's insanity. You can't do that. The whole concept of the constitution to protect minorities from that kind of tyranny by the majority. Uh, is exactly the opposite of what they're going to do. You better go back and vote. I'm going to vote in Congress. How big are you? You better know your place by get. Oh, I do know it. It's called Canada. And Amsterdam and Copenhagen and Germany all over the world. All over the rest of the world pretty much. Except the course where we'll backward countries. Oh, excuse me. Now, get back to this. This is really great. David Denby. I'm so glad somebody fangs this to us from the New Yorker. Yes. The article called Nailed. Mel Gibson's the past of Christ. I'm not going to read the whole thing. I'm going to eliminate this one page because it. But I will read the rest to important the Passover. Oh, he says the passion in its confused way confirms the old justifications for persecuting the Jews. And while somehow that's a Gibson will make a sequence which he reminds the audience that in later centuries the church itself used torture and execution to punish not only Jews, but heretics non-believers and dissidents. I realized that the mere mention of historical research could exacerbate the awkward breach between medieval and modern minds, between literalist belief and the weighing of empirical evidence, John was an eyewitness Gibson said Matthew was there. Well, they may have been there, but for decades it's been a common place of biblical scholarship that the gospels were written 40 to 70 years after the death of Jesus, and not by the disciples, but by nameless Christians using both written and oral sources. Gibson can brush aside the work of scholars and historians because he has a powerful weapon in hand, the cinema, with which he can create something greater than argument he can create faith. As a movie maker Gibson is not without skill, the sets which were built in Italy, where the foot movie was filmed are far from perfect, but they conveyed the beauty of Jerusalem's courtyards in archways. Gibson, working with the cinematographer Caleb Dash additional, gives us the ravaged stone face of Calpery, the great light at the time of the crucifixion, the lead in pace of the movie spectacular agonies. Theleneusk tormentors gamble and jir on the sidelines at at the time the world of figures around Jesus both hostile and friendly seems held in place by kind of magnetic force, the howting and suicide of the betrayed Judas is accomplished in a few rust strokes, here and there the movie has a dismal heavy-sold power. By contrast with the dispatching of Judas, the lashing and flang of Jesus goes on forever, prolong by Gibson's punishing use of slow motion, sometimes with Jesus facing the foreground so that we can see him right and howl. In the climb up to Calvary, Cavazell, one I swall and shut his mouth open and agony collapses repeatedly in slow motion under the weight of the cross. Then comes the crucifixion itself dramatized with a curious fixation on the technical details and arm pulled out of its socket, huge nails hammered into hands with Cavazell jumping after each whack. At that point I said to myself, Mel Gibson has lost it, and I was reminded of what other writers appointed out, that Gibson as an actor has been beaten, mashed and disemboweled in many of his movies, his obsession with pain disguised by religious feelings has now reached a frightening apropathyosis. Mel Gibson is an extremely conservative Catholic, a reject the reforms of the Second Vatican Council. He's against complacent field good Christianity, and judging from his movie, he must despise the grandiose old Hollywood Keatch of the World, the King of Kings, the greatest story ever told and been her, with her hallmark twinkling skies, their big stars trade across sickly California sands, and their lamb like Jesus, who's simple presence overwhelmed throughout the Heston. But saying that Gibson is sincere, doesn't mean he isn't foolish or worse. He can rightly claim that there's a strain of morbidity running through Christian iconography, one thing's that the wall queries and Roman churches and the blood and ravaged Christ in northern Renaissance and German art, culminating in such verses, mythized rule-worlds, 15, 15, in time, outer peace, with its store and Christ in full torment on the cross. But the central tradition of Italian Renaissance painting left Christ relatively unscathed, the artist emphasized not the physical suffering of the man, but the sacrificial nature of his death and the astonishing mystery of his transformation into Godhood, the resurrection of the triumph over carnality. Gibson instructed Deshenel to make the movie look like the paintings of Caravaggio, but in Caravaggio's own, flagulation of Christ the body of Jesus is only slightly marked. Even Goya, one of the Goya, who hardly shrank from this impetus, this member-bentant painting is worked, created a crucifixion which kneel with an early on blemish Jesus. Crucifixion as the Romans used, it was meant to make a spectacle out of degradation and suffering to humiliate the victim to the apparatus of torture. By embracing the Roman pageants so openly, using all the emotional, sorry resources of cinema, Gibson has canceled out to be dented and transfiguring power of art. And by casting James Cavazell an actor without charisma here and then feasting on his physical discretion, he's turned Jesus back into a mere body. The depictions in the passion, one of the coolest movies in the history of the cinema, are akin to the bloody pop representation of Jesus filed and say, a roadside shrine in Mexico, where the addition of an Aztec sacrificial flourish make the past a little bit more passionate. Such are the traps of literal mindedness, the great martyrdom, our modernist artist, our aware of the danger of teaching the fascination of Sadomasikism, have largely withdrawn into austerity and ought abstract or into firmant humanism as an escrowstase these last temptation of Christ, which features an existential Jesus sorely tried by the difficulty of the task before him. There are many ways of putting Jesus at risk of making his feel of suffering. What is most depressing about the passion is the thought that people will take their children to see it. Jesus said, suffered little children to come on to me, not let the children watch me suffer. How will parents deal with the pain terror and anger that children without this feel as they watch him and flayed in pierced until dead? The despair of the movie is hard to shrug off and gives him time and couldn't be more unfortunate. Another dose of death haunted religious fanaticism is the last thing we need. Excellent. And excuse me if I mispronounced many of the words in there but what do I know? He, the exact, I'm not talking about those so much as some of the artists are teased in some of those pieces. Anyway, the excellent, it's called the Neol by David and Be in the New Yorker. I think we will put it on. Let's put it on. I, tomorrow. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless 9 don't forget the QM van right now as I speak with the very bizarre Scott. If I made we can put Scott on a cross, that's bad. No, not a two if they shall gas station on the corner of 136 and sunrise Boulevard. That's Panther Parkway. You can stop by to register to win a pair of formal tickets, stop coming Panthers game. Plus the first five people who showed up, you probably already been there. Don't you think? I'm sure. Who's sure up to the van, get a pair of tickets to see the caps game this Friday. I see if we find out if five already showed up so though the people don't go rushing over there and then Scott will say, Oh, too late. Too late. I got him. I'm going to be there. WQA in Hello. Not there. Well, I guess maybe too much reading, huh? 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless 9. WQA in Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Oh, are you? Okay. Through so quickly. Hey, just one comment on this Christ film. At what point are they going to, is violence going to stop? In other words, it's going to get to somebody else's like do a film on the hall of cost and you can do a suffering of any people, in other words. Yeah. You can make it seem terrible. It's a garnish of the date. Right. Are you agree or not? I don't think we need the intention was to grow. I think the number one, be on a shadow about that. He's a phonetic religion is number one. And number two, all the publicity guarded because it was so violent. If it wouldn't have had all the violence in it, I don't think it would have gotten even 20, maybe even 20 minutes. 40% of the publicity that's gone. That's one thing I was talking about it. I absolutely agree. But I thought he was doing it to convey a message of sympathy as George said, oh, look, he suffered this much for your sins, yeah. The other thing. I'm sure you can get to. I grant you a $25 million of his own money to make the movie, but they're projecting these, but it may get at least 25 million profit. If he were to say, well, I'm going to take that $25 million in profit. I'm not going to take one dime of it for myself. And I'm going to give it all to Catholic charities or all to the starving and the poor in Africa or whatever good cause. You know, then I'd say, well, at least he's doing something good with it. He's just lining his own pocket. Wow, our Catholic charity is a good cause. Like I said, I could really good cause. Have a great day, pal. I'll pray for you. From at his past noon at 5, 60 WQA, and it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are positively. Thank you, but you pay zero closing cause. Zero application fee zero, credit bureau fee and zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate at just 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only 60,000. And don't forget once you refinance or get the new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never ever pay closing cost again. Don't forget that new toll free number right on your butt. It's 1.86395 land. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move out your next property with no further cost to expense. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing cost, even when you moved another property. So get yourself that new unbeatable low re our financing rate at just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever as a never pay closing cost again. For details, call 1.866395 land. That's financial group at 1.86395LE and either an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rates are subject to change monthly 4.21 APR. I've been local this year since 5.60 years. 3 years on your own. You ain't in. Hey, great. Hey, great. There he was just a walkin on the sea sand. Who I did it, did it, dumb dead it. He's a man from the land of fellow in the sand. Who I did it, did it, dumb dead it. He's the peace good, he's the divine, he's the divine. Change his water into one. The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet, sir. And who I did it, did it, dumb dead it, dumb. The blind I gonna see and the dumb I gonna speak, sir. And who I did it, did it, dumb dead it, dumb. He walked on, walked on, walked on, my dog, my dog. Walked on, my dog, then he cured a leper source. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Some say he's the son of God. Yes, they do, but there's all the people who get so out. Now he's the reason that we have any study. And who I did it, did it, dumb dead it, dumb. And he's the reason that all the Christians pray, sir. And who I did it, did it, dumb dead it, dumb dead it, dumb. They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down, praise him. And kneel down the man, the water, thirties crown. Do I did it, did it, dumb dead it, dumb. Do I did it, dumb, yeah, do, do I did it, dumb. He's the two, do I did it, dumb. He's the two, do I did it, dumb. He's the two, oh, do I did it, did it, dumb. He's the two, do I did it, dumb. He's the two, oh. Okay, pro-70 that 560 WQAM, Lansing Diasis reports abuse by 19 priest and Vikans. Ever deacon, Goulson? No. You saw that movie? Remember deacon, Justin? With the Jack Lemon, I can never think of the name of that movie. Taman, you will, though. Okay, 21 allegations of child sex abuse were lodged against 19 Catholic priests and dekins and the Isees of Lansing between 1950 and 2002. I'm not going to read this whole thing because every Diasis in the country will be having his reports pretty soon. From Toledo to Geneva to Ishraming to Ipsilani. I will say this though. I think I've got a revolutionary idea that could solve a great many of these problems in the Catholic Church, especially in the priesthood. Yeah. You know, the whole kind of idea of confession, which, of course, is insanity to begin with the idea that some mortal being can sit and absolve you of all your grotesques, things while he's sitting there listening to your most intimate detailed sexual activities and rubbing himself raw. All I can't say that, but in any way, whatever you're doing. I say that from now on, we change places. And all you Catholics out there who are still supporting the institution and one way or another, when you go to confession, you have the priesthood where you used to sit and use it on the side. You sit on the company. And you open the slide open at little door to little sliding door and he will confess all of his insta. And of course, meanwhile, you will have a wiretap on you, and the place will be listening. The pedophile police. What do you think? Good plan. Yeah, then there will appear. Sounds like a plan. That's right. 560, 50560, so the good religion is to get and brought up as divisive issues. They possibly could with a whole game error to think and they want to hang it like an albatross around John Kerry's neck. The only problem, of course, is that he is consistently opposed game marriages. He's in the favor of civil unions, which is the cop out the easy way out, like most of the democratic candidates and the others. Civil marriages. So, so you're almost equal. I mean, isn't this good enough for you? No, almost equalish. So, no, it would be like saying to black people, well, we want that you ride all the way up in the front of the bus, but how about like in the middle of us? I mean, it's a big improvement over Rosa Parks being way in a back of the bus. I mean, she had the goal to sit in the front of the bus. What do you want to be in the front of the bus anyway? That's right. Because we have a crash. You're much much more at risk than if you're like in the middle. Besides, there's all those white people up there, and they don't really like you anyway. Right. And of course, if these people happen to be going to temple. Oh, right under the bus. So, I hit the middle with Jews, but anyway, well, it's an idea for a bit. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, and you'll notice the usual soft photo. They're whipped up into our friends, he man. All their favorite radio shows are going to disappear. The cable TV is going to vanish, and it won't be too long if these Nazis get elected again. We've got to find some way to control what you can do and see on the internet. But? Right, where there's no sense. There's no feeling. WCWM, hello? Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. It's what a driver are you doing? Okay, Woody. Well, do you have CC really? Does that mean you can't say my name anymore? No, we can't say Woody. We can say WGRABER. They like you're in W a lot. Oh, okay. W is good. Yeah. Listen, I missed you. W is not good. W is bad. W is very bad. Get it right, Woody. I'm going to write W. Anyway, look, I just said I'll listen to Milano picture yesterday. Are you guys going to have like a jallory where people who miss photos can go back and other, you know, except the part that they miss? Uh, are those on air? Are those on air on your features? I don't know. I guess. I wanted to go check it out and let us know, Woody. Why don't you look when he just said Mr. GRABER? I'm sorry. Mr. GRABER, he just said your name again. W. I'm going to have to change my name, I guess, huh? I would change it to like Walter would be good Walter GRABER. That's a nice refined Saudi name. Or Dick. I mean. See ya, W. Bye bye. Oh, I got a little change of a topic. I want to talk about Jason Williams for a minute. You say whatever you want. I don't care. I mean, you don't need the job. You only got the wife into kids. What do you need the job for? Got that nice place to go to in North Carolina. Sure. Just hide away, you know. Just slip away. WQAM Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Do you like your front-of-back? Hey. WQAM Hello. Hello, I'm speaking Neil. Speaking. Oh, Neil. I like to pose an important question. If we invaded Iraq and Afghanistan, the free-lessing charity, who's to do the same for us? Canada. Canada, you're right. Canada from the North Mexico from the South. That may be Guatemala might help out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Why do I ever expect anything different? You know, I'm, I'm more on. Yeah, I have to almost 30 years. And I expect something different. A little bit of outrage, a little bit of shock, a little bit of dismay. And it makes no difference. That's the problem America. So it's your so passive. That's the problem. They can just run rough shot over whatever. Whatever the hell you like, whatever you want, whatever you do. You don't care. It's like Howard B.L. All over again. You know, just leave me alone with my top-up poster and steel belted radios. And that's all I ask. You know, I'm a little 17-inch TV. God. WQAM Hello. Hi. Is this 5, 60? Yes, sir. Hi. I was wondering if I could talk to Neil. Speaking. Hey, Neil. Listen. I want to find out. Is there any way, like, who we could talk to or who is far as, you know, the FCC, you know, them spinning the money on all these stupid investigations. When they could probably be spinning the money on prisons and trying to keep these people in jail that are going around hurting kids and things like that. Well, if you pardon the expression, it would be like farting in a windstorm. Okay. I mean, if you want to expend the energy, you can certainly do it, but they're not going to pay any attention. If they got, if they got 5 million letters and telegrams or emails, it still wouldn't make any difference. Yeah. I mean, I listen to you all the time. I listen to Howard Stern and it's just ridiculous. I mean, you guys don't say stuff that, you know, you know, that's outrageous. I should, I guess. But I mean, it's just, it's, it's, what's wrong with you? Nobody, nobody ever got injured from anything that Howard Stern or Neil Rogers or man, Cal, anybody else ever said on a radio. You know, even little children know that the words don't hurt people. So this whole childish episode that the Dragon is through is an inverse of you. The only way the public can put a stop to it is in November, to election if we have one. Yeah, I plan on, I definitely, I will definitely be there at the polls in November. I, I, I hope my vote, you know, makes a difference. I hope they count it. It's, it's truly, yeah, exactly. It's really ridiculous to lay those away things or becoming these days. You know, if, what happened to you if you don't like what's being said, change a channel? Exactly. That's right. What happened to choices? What happened to people having choices to listen to what they wanted and read what they wanted and watch what they wanted on TV and not having big brother. You know, that's the hypocrisy of all of us. These are supposedly the conservatives who are against big brother and big government. And then, and the meantime, the worst in the history of this country, which is my real conservatives like Pat Buchanan are up in arms and writing everything they can against them. Yeah. I mean, it seems like people that, you know, the money where the money should be spent is like I was saying before. Yeah. There are more prisons and keep these thumb bags that are out of ducking kids and killing people and hurting kids. Yeah. Use the money. All the pedophiles that they keep putting back on the streets for example. Exactly. Like that poor little girl up in Sarasota. Yeah. You know, that should have never happened. And I think that's what needs to be investigated. Amen. I'm with you, man. All right. We have a good day now. Vote early and often please. Thank you. And the guy that the fact that thing the other day, I guess it didn't all come out so we fact that again about registering to vote. And he's right on target. If you're not registered to vote, then what are you babbling about? I mean, George would go registered to vote, but of course he's in league and I mean, he's a, I can vote anyway. Yeah. Vote the vote anyhow. Just made just get some phoning ID. In fact, the Terrosa, because it's phoning ID. They sent the drivers like it was a box I could have checked. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, it's about time you work in public started getting really pissed off. Regardless of what you feel about game marriages, I don't think most people really all left fired up. Is it like a big issue with most people? No, only the religious fundamentalists be great. It helps them to express their hate. And again, keeping in mind that this was going to be the compassionate conservative. And we were going to bring the country together instead of dividing us. I can imagine that any time in my life recalling when America was as divided as polarized it is is right now, W. Divided right down the moon between people who understand a pluralistic society. We're not everybody believes the same thing or watches the same thing or reads the same thing or says the same thing or a bunch of fundamentalists want to dictate all the rest of us. We are supporting the old Golden Tails Times. You way, yeah Good morning everyone welcome to the Mary at Marquis the big day for the Walt Disney and Muppet families Let me just use the members of the day over there on the far right is the CEO of the Walt Disney Corporation Mikano and mouse Sorry, I hit his assistant Venus I just like the make-up Representing the Muppet Corporation Kermit de Frog and his agent Scott Boris hello sitting next to Scott Boris is the telemonster And now the man will be speaking on behalf of the Muppets please welcome super grove I have a great statement for make and then I will open the floor to questions On behalf of the handsome family and I beloved leader Jim Hansen May rest in peace the Muppets have one thing to say Holy We never thought in a good evening usually when you sold This is crock Thank you. I will not take your questions Super grubber what about the layoffs of the Muppets? All right, we have been assured by Mr. Mouse that the layoffs will be minimal I'll tell you what I'm not coming in anything I'll take a look at the whole furry package and cut it up with a pepperoni Characters be joining the Disney characters at the theme parks Good morning, we basically don't know what the hell is going on The sale kind of super price surprise right in place like us will deal it as it happens Can you tell us your role in the negotiations that basically put the whole thing together My spare time to work with the A-Rod thing But this has been my my baby my puppy I think it's a match made no How about the relationship between you and Mr. Frog I understand there's an tension between the community I'll tell you what Let's get this all in the open because the worst thing for the media would be if we both just got a well I know we haven't come in touch since we've been so far But we came up together and we often talked about one day working together That was a free so Back in the day All right, that's it Oh Pretty disappointing huh yeah, whatever You don't think oh I was all excited there no that was just at the end of the one here that again This one one second One second place That's not it. What do you can't hear it? Oh well anyway. It's 27.01 and 560 W to Q AM We got 20.7% of the audience are gonna go see a passionate Christ whether we like it or not I don't really care I mean like I said it's a free country as of now and so far They can't tell you which movies you can go to see if you want to pay to go see them as of now How can we bring back that cat like what would they call that during before W to W to Or during that period of time on a Catholic council cheese what do you what do you mean before? They're still doing it. They are sure Remember that hotline we called it on the show ones. I think over the other place. Yeah, there was a a Catholic movie review hotline I forget the name as well But you can call it and they will tell you exactly not only will they give you a review based on quality But whether or not it's edifying and whether or not the church thinks you should see it or not I see Because I did see priest and you did see last occasion of Christ and I have a feeling that an either one of those movies was there anywhere near the Grote of violence that there's gonna be in this movie that's coming out tomorrow There a lot of people already seen that that I felt like they were pulling any punches during the last temptation There was the blood in the thorn and the scourging in the nail. Yeah, all that But there's also a new baptism scene. I see because guess what that's how they did it oh Against adjacent witness man someone limous drive and I watched some of the trial yesterday was really And I'm not really big on watching court drives unless of course it's OJ something really really big that we all must must see TV that crap Pretty interesting the Jason Williams trial because I'm starting to take a personal interest in the Jason Williams case myself Ever since he thought out about that dog. Yes Do you want to commit suicide? Was that spot was that the bush family dog? Maybe suicide stuck his nose right up the nozzle of the tailpipe That limo I guess the Jason Williams man someone limo driver was killed by a shotgun blast fired by the retired NBI start testified yesterday The Williams ordered those present to tell police that the shooting was a suicide Today you got a limo you got a suicide all fits in again Dean Bum Boko I watched him yesterday was pretty convincing most of the time Dean Bum Bako testified that William told him and others he killed himself. We all got to say he killed himself Following that we all got to say he killed himself. He killed himself. As to be knew the statement was untrue Bum Bako replied Absolutely absolutely The back of told the jury that he went into the bedroom immediately on hearing the gunshot saw the shotgun fall to the floor Then watched the defendant fall to his knees and pound the floor My god my life is over William said according to Bum Bako as wounded limo's in driver Gus cost his cristofe gasped for air William has picked up the gun and wiped it with a towel put it down and then toward another guest Kent a collucco to wipe it again and he did Bum Bako said William said wiped it got a third time and went to the victim Mr. William tried to put the gun in his hand. I don't know if he got it in and tried to close his hand around the gun Bum Bako said obviously to get the victim as fingerprints on it so it looked like a suicide He soon saw William's coming down the hallway naked and wet William's hand it is navy blue a blue pinstriped suit Another guest John Gordonick John Ludnic JG get rid of these William said according to Bum Bako a collucco and Gordonic and played a guilty deweavenance tampering and collucco also played a guilty to witness tampering Bum Bako was never charged Bum Bako a landscape in contractor b into a Harlem glove-cross game and did it with William's and others before going to the mansion Christopia driven members of the group Bum Bako was the first witness to testify who was in the house of the time of the shooting bed night Previously the jury heard from prophetness since opening statement scrubbery 10th But no one who was inside at the time of the shooting a testified yet The jury has seen dozens of pictures including images of Christophe lying dead on a rugged way was master bedroom as well as the wound in the driver's chest Prosecutors have also displayed the double barrel shotgun that William was was handling as well as four of the shotguns Too loaded and loaded rifle that were in a gun cabinet in the bedroom However testimony on Thursday that Christophe apparently tried to protect himself as ruled impromisible and the jury was told to disregard it forget about it That opinion came from Dr. Stephen and diamond chief medical sanitor for a hundred and county who conclude that Christophe was in a defensive mode Because the driver had blood spattered on the palm and fingers of his right hand and but burns on the inside of his left arm Through their questions the fence lawyers are suggesting that the investigation was shot a name that implicating women from the beginning The defense maintains the shooting in the early hours of February 14th 2002 was an accident and that the shooting was pro-demel function Is that kind of like a wardrobe malfunction? It's not that like that explosive What you have to accuse of aggravated manslaughter and the shooting and also is trying to make it look like a suicide and proceeding with persuading winners is to say they were downstairs Now here's a The person who facts this to was that like all kinds of commenter. It says I saw this kind of you on HBO's real sports He was saying that this was the first time he'd been with Williams while Williams was back in his element hanging with his homies Williams was taking a lot of talking a lot of crap saying I'm the king of New Jersey my money is longer than train smoke He also said that Williams embarrassed the limo driver to restaurant saying them what the f are you looking at mother effort? What are you a fing fed the poor guy was just reminding him just mining his business while sitting in another table watching what was going on The driver got up totally embarrassed and headed toward the door before Williams told him to go back and sit down Later at the house discovered William shout yeah mother effort just pardon the gun going off He's a scumbag and I hope they lock his ass up and I would say Thanks for thanks to me. There's also good article in the post on his sister's one's better in the daily news Got it got it excellent Okay, we got a 700 votes are close to it on a poll so far. What's your take on the much height? Mel Gibson passion of Christ movie 700 four votes like I said I will see it 149 21.1 percent. I'm gonna donate their cash to Mel Gibson Even the Pope would be proud this marketing 117 Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis 112 I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 103 I might see it if I hear it's good 96 Especially if I can get a bootleg copy free I definitely won't see it 91 and non-believer She just ignore at 36 out of 704 21 till 11 at 560 QAM Oh This is which when you're facing The most controversial movie of our time Martin sports seasons the last temptation of price recently became available for home viewing on cassette Religious groups myth that the release of the film theoretically became outraved from the event of its own distribution and so for your spiritual Education and for those who don't have these cars on a personal movie ticket We are proud to present live put one the radio version of Martin score sazy's the last temptation of Christ One by half stereo oh gee I better not okay And send the controversy continue Humanism all over Plotton Modern score sazy's the second last temptation of Christ good day Okay 17 to one at five 60 WQ a musket those phone smoke and maybe take all that phone right now, okay Nothing moves these back to the software except free tickets guys some tickets huh? What do you got for free? What are you giving away today? Try the tickets. Yeah, we'll give you some tickets. Okay, and we'll make sure Randy multitask don't take care of the ticket defense team We'll give them a list of names. I like that idea that I had about Revercing the rules between the confesters and the priest's right. Yeah, and then we'll decide if we want to forgive them Yeah, all you pee on Zoth there you go, and you put on some kind of a roll Because something makes you look real official and you see where the priest is to sit maybe a bat roll Oh, no, and I when you're sitting with a priest oh, not a good idea especially young kids WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, how are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I'm out of hell And I don't want to take it anymore good Here's one here's one you know what is commissioner? You were red a little paragraph that she said about the These outrage at the networks are out there just to lie in their pockets with this outrageous kitty well Uh-huh, well, isn't that the point of their business that the public with their publicly owned mega national corporation? Yeah, God forbid anybody should try to get ratings because they're gonna put on something that somebody would want to see Well, this is what I have a trouble understanding about all this how is it that these corporations which old needs networks? You can understand sir the only corporation that is supposed to make money are enron and the Halle Burton and Becktail and the one and Lockheed in the ones who are in bed with the Administration, those are the only ones. Well, then I don't understand why GE and all these companies at home and that works would be For old behind bush. What do they think they're going to sell if cable is big? You understand you're missing the whole point and that is that there's the regulation business They've got them over a barrel with that because if they oppose the administration if they put anything on the administration Doesn't like that if that Reagan miniseries for example Then the administration is gonna look so favorably on the exemption that they made when they passed the law They did it specifically for Viacom and for I think it was GE I figured what the other company was they passed it specifically for two companies So that instead of 37 they could have like 39% of the stations in an individual market That was specifically done for Viacom. So there was definitely a quid pro quo in absolutely That's what it's all about and then we've got the other thing is that we have the secretary of edge of paints Or enlightening me to that me like I appreciate yes, but no, it's not the secretary of education Calling the largest union in the United States that has more key right calling them a terrorist Organization absolutely correct. I mean when are we going to wake up here? We're not I'm getting the passport. Thanks me Okay, see if the it's a false That's right. I was gonna get to that education secretary Rod Page called the nation's largest team And by the way, you see they eclipse they had on CNN this they keep showing it a few times that the governor's conference No, no, no, President he's speaker and he was going up and down the line with the governor Is of course when he got to his big fat ass brother the Jeff's to their your governor folks Man, oh man's enough to make you want a barf we did it with that with a guilty look on Jeff's face No, we did it can't believe you're in here. Bozo, but we did it. We stole it and we're gonna do it again Wow, and I forget about this one is Bozo. How is it that you people put Jeff bush back in office again? Okay? He told he he was gonna lie to you The voters went to the polls. They voted on the class size amendment and he had his devious ways are getting around and he still a talking crap No matter what you do to the public man. They just roll over and played dead Anyway education secretary Rod Page called the nation's largest teachers union a terrorist organization During that private White House meeting with the governor's yesterday Democrat and Republican governors confirmed pages remarks about the NEA those were the words the NEA is a terrorist organization Cedemocratic governor Jim Duelos constant Democratic governor Edwin Delapensal vania city was making a joke probably not a very good one Of course, he immediately divorced the NEA for more neary teachers who he said he supports I don't think the NEA's a terrorist organization said Rendell who's put it heads with the group as well They're not a terrorist organization anymore than the national business organization is a terrorist organization Neither the education department nor the NEA had an immediate comment on pages comments both indicated this statements were forthcoming No child left behind my ass Keep getting carried away Here's a fact that just came in which I'm not even gonna read it because since you said it to me must say something Says something or not in regard to Mel Gibson's movie it says and this is a Charles and dear field beach Isn't it that can barely read it? I think the main point that all of these religious nuts have completely glossed over is that if you do in fact believe a story that God said is only God and send it worth the soul purpose of dying for our sins Then obviously someone was gonna have to kill that son now. Aren't they? Jesus of course couldn't facilitate things himself by committing suicide because as we were all taught to do so is in itself a sin So there certainly no drama in dying by action or from natural causes Therefore, it's only logical at whoever kills Jesus was acting as God's tool and acting at God's will So I put it to you how can there possibly be any blame delay for something? I was supposedly puredane by God. Have a day what and of course when you say something was supposedly puredane According to the religionist these Jesus Christ there's everything is puredane by God because he's omniscient and he's up Nipponent so when you're gonna die from cancer when you're gonna fall off the edge of that cliff God No, I had a time that that's gonna happen which makes it even sicker than it was in the first place the whole concept Anyway, Charles is enclosing as it confirmed agnostic All right, I can't believe I've actually given this much thought to any of this nonsense. I'll see you in a purgatory Charlie. We'll have a great time 5 6705 60 pound 560 on a AT and T line if only the people of South Florida be Exercise about what's happening in America today as they were about alien then maybe we get lower response here You know I'm saying get the people foaming at them out about something that means something when they're like infringing on your rights Like the first amendment right and then one day when they wake up and all these shows are gone and all the things they like on cable are gone and MTV is gone and all the books that they want to read are gone And keep in mind by the way that they would under the name of the Combating terrorism. Oh, we're gonna go to library. We're gonna keep track of all the books that you take out Of course, right We're gonna go to the blockbuster in a Hollywood video and check out and make find out all the videos that you've been writing and buying right You might check out Lawrence of Arabia and God for it. That's okay. The Saudis are okay. They got problem all running out of oil inch mountains WQAM hello Yes, sir. How are you doing? I'm doing great. That's good. I don't know why President Bush isn't in accordance with what's happening in California with the gay marriages Because you know how many votes you could get you know if if it would be you know Yeah, I know five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Don't you love the ones that try to like program the show and get you like be like a parrot and play the little thing God, I did it 560 I'm gonna I'm just gonna play all Ali on bits the rest of the week. That's all I'm gonna do Because that that's important in South Florida. I don't want to say the certain segments of the community because it's all community Your priorities are up your ass. Okay, can I still say that you're our priorities are up your pie hole It's pathetic. It's tragic and all of this started over like a little booby a little little boosa little booby the auto Using that as an excuse now to appeal again and if you people who list of this radio show If you want a bunch of fundamentalist luminance to decide what you can listen to on a radio or how you can spend your time How can you live your life then somewhere along the line we've lost the we've lost contact like I used to say you lost contact with your audience You've lost touch as in touch this Don't you Q a hello Okay, sir On Bill Riley's website they mentioned you last night Yeah, being a bonus content sure How do you like that what is that they were talking about radio DJs that That are that are so far to the left And I thought that was just horrible what is okay Well, don't wait to come and don't wait to come and we'll run more sir and have a great day We could care less By the way Bill Riley on his radio show and South Florida still got the big O0 don't even show up really putting the crimp into russian and squirt squirt Wow 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line that's right because we have to get all those leftist off the air We all have to go step in a line. I thought it was Bill or Riley who is just a couple of weeks ago apologizing I Would be a polisier, huh? Yeah, wouldn't he apologize? He's all over the place. You know he's just a he's just a horror only he doesn't have at least I had met it W2A and hello Neil yes, sir. How are you today? Okay? How about your pardon? Is it Neil? See when you said Neil and I said yes that would probably indicate that it was Neil. See right off the bat And when you said how are you doing? I said okay, and then what happened there? I'm sorry Neil listen Well maybe maybe I gave you the wrong answer maybe I was supposed to say No Yeah, I'm not gonna take it anymore either. Yeah, right wing asshole and we cannot let this guy bush back in the in office in November If this is this country's gonna turn into a police day it already is Well of course you're you're chocolate. I talk a lot you wanted already is We're gonna lose our right to Free speech when I lose Our right to lock the street that jerk that that judge he wrote in Right, that's right He's a religious man. He laid off the cross for because he thought that is correct another recessive point And see which for the opening any sticks in another one of these right wing lunatics in and if they put him another four years That's all you're gonna have you know I don't love John Kerry But he's gotta be better than this guy that we got running this running the country club up there in DC ABB man anybody but bush Hey, how's things in Toronto? Everything is fantastic the son of Shannon and life is a sweep A couple of weeks before school. All right see you typical girl. Okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlus line Everything is beautiful like I said the son of Shannon the birds are chirping the chickens are disease answer WQAM hello Hi Neil yes, I'm sorry Nice uh forgive me if you talked about this already, but did you see the Peace on 60 minutes about the papers candle or something like About the papia the Patriot missile Patriot missile. No, I didn't see that because I've already seen and I talked about it. I was on CBC months and months ago about the fact that The scuds that they allegedly knocked down back in the first Gulf War in Israel Not one of them hit the target. Oh, I'll admit exactly in the fun. I was living in Israel that during the first Gulf War right And ironically they told us the truth there. We knew exactly that nothing was hitting Yeah, there was in a single-paked missile that knocked on and now those scuds not a single hit no and in fact They knocked down several U.S. players Which was the roof as you and but but the peace went on to say that since then They have not done anything to improve the accuracy and they are still selling them by the thousands and thousands To all kinds of bird world countries well that's Raytheon. It's another good buddy of our right Exactly, that's what your bushes father lying to us What do you think the sun is gonna do exactly? Yeah Okay, I'll see you in Buffalo On a way over. Let's see we had another where now is it oh, yeah Got all kinds of stories here. It's only three billion dollars rights Matt Vivins in the nation The Pentagon contracts with companies for work in paste in enormous sums of U.S. taxpayer cash Then when those same companies don't pay their U.S. taxes the Pentagon shrubs and gives more taxpayer cash The GAO and investigative arm of Congress recently examined Pentagon and IRS records They conclusion as of September 2002 many thousands of Pentagon contractors weren't paying their taxes to the collective tune of three billion dollars It's not ancient history contractors who did Pentagon business last year in 2003 Represent more than half of the three billion in order to the case of the contractor simply can't afford to pay the Pentagon in 2002 shall not a hundred and eighty three billion dollars in contract of business The GAO estimates that last year the Pentagon could have easily collected a hundred Million dollars of weapon government is owed from these for mutable patriots simply by withholding back taxes from their contracts Instead, don't rummage those boys collected about six hundred and eighty seven thousand dollars or far less than one one hundred Of what they could have In fact, if we got serious about simply enforcing existing rules GAO guests limits We'd be bringing in an estimated hundred million dollars every year taxpayers for common sense call it an honest agreement that's free lunch on a dazzling scale Provided of course we have the common sense to take advantage of Unfreeking Relievable Talk about Halleberton and the criminal charges. Oh, and here's another beauty Before we do the break Close relatives of present and George W. Bush continue to benefit financially from the Iraq invasion as revealed by sources including regulatory filings St Louis based Engineering support systems EASI where William H. T. Bush and Uncle George W. Bush joined the board of directors in 2000 is a major military contractor William H. T. Bush is a bush pioneer a contributor racing more than a hundred grand in the 2000 and 2000 for elections Following the 2000 election in nine eleven the company's federal contract revenues and stock price of increase the company to climb a comment for the article And it goes on about all the money they got in 2001 and three hundred and thirty million dollars in 2002 and three hundred and eighty million dollars in contracts in 2003 and yada yada They're just sticking their hand right in your back They're raping the crap-body of boy and the bottom line is the movable eight life grace But it's the one to two hours The community Back in the day when someone done a strong We didn't take their crap in Pearl Harbor or when the japs dropped their bombs We bummed them bad and now the Saudis they hit us high and on our cards are little flags wade As that's on the love and retired points of honors the wrong way promotes the welfare of children And oven barons to be in America Where they find the rules like cheese Do you die in space on our guns? If I go to hell it's not a need to really get this country unab individuals the burgers Debe Published in our instruments I don't want to be attacks America In regard to Space What's a few thousand innocent lives Stop living in the past If you want that SUV to drive you got any more gas, it's the greatest country in the world. They train us to believe and anyone who says that obviously and afford to leave. And love and virus to be in America where we take three hours in peace. We have a flag in one hand with our hand in the sand and lightly hollow the powers that be. And the sand ticked the f*** up watching state for news on a six-speed pirate screen. Scratch our balls and pie everything's okay. In the garden of the USA. Oh, bless, Marla. 13-5-16-WQM happy Tuesday to see the New Yorker article nailed by David Denby that I read not all I will. I saw our website. Outright. So you can read this thing in its entirety and also without my mispronunciation. You can read it to yourself and mispronounce in your mind, silently. Peris Hilton directed sex video. Sanking nasty needle nose bitch. Reality TV star Peris Hilton directed to help chute the notorious sex video starring her and an ex boyfriend that a surface at least two in an ad porn site recorded documents file for LA court hearing. The documents were filed by Seattle based Marvade Corp asking a federal judge to dismiss a lawsuit by Hilton's ex boyfriend Rick Salaman on the basis that Hilton known best known as the star of the Fox reality TV show The Simple Life. Also held rights to the video. Hilton's manager had no comment. Hilton's a 23 year old socialite bitch and member of the family that found the Hilton hotels chain. Solomon 35 claims Marvade violated his copyright by distributing clips of the video on its website. SexBrat.com. That's SexBrat.com. The lawsuit filed in November in the US District Court in LA also accused Solomon's former roommate Don Schracher of stealing, copying and selling the video taped to Marvade without Solomon's permission. Schracher said publicly that Solomon agreed to sell the tape and actually received half of the 50 grand and proceeds. We'll take the rest. Thank you. Who would want to see her even with clothes on? Man, she is nasty. So what was that website again? I just the Schmidt Candidate. SexPurver.com or something? Provo.com. Let's see. SexBrat.com. We don't want to repeat it too often. SexBrat.com. I love this. The Vatican issued report yesterday by non-Catleg SexBus experts who criticized the policy adopted by US Bishops of removing abusive priests in the ministry saying it was overly harsh and would not protect the young. The report was released days before US Bishops going to be on the 20th and 3 more days. The report was released days before US Bishops issued their own national survey on SexBusback clergy would suspect to define more than 4000 American priests have been accused of molesting<|el|> The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. The report was released in the 1954. I am sure he starts. Still. Waters. Run. Deep. It's a. Definitely. That's it. Not good idea. I'm not playing this game with you. It was the one to lie. I'm going to do it on the plane. I'll just say talk to myself. Good. how about you will. WQAM hello. Why we in car Haiti? WQAM hello. WQAM hello. They're lost now. They just went off the deep end. I think I think that knew deal we got. I think that really threw him off. Uh-huh. 560, 560. It's obvious that this audience is really highly motivated. They're whipped up into a frenzy. They're forming at the mouth about fascism in America and they're, what are the what crazy is that? I think this is a good excuse. Put them over the edge. Don't you? Oh yeah. WQAM hello. Hello on the what you got. WQAM hello. Hello? Yes sir. I heard you picked up Jim Booth talking about talking about. Yeah, give new phone. I'll get one at work so well. That was incredible. Actually, he might have had something to say. I'm not really too sure. But get a new phone. One I really actually has got like batteries in it and works. That would be a good start. Line 9 is always very entertaining. It was nobody on the phone at the moment. WQAM hello. Yeah, where's your audience? Ha ha ha. Up your ass. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Yes, that's been with me. Speaking. Mr. Rogers. I don't like to ask what your opinion is on. WQAM. WQAM hello. Neil. That was Woody. Yes, it was. We better start voting for Frankenstein. I mean, Lurge. I mean John Kerry right away. Yeah. Okay. They're going to start censoring censoring history. The way things are going. Are you suggesting that we've been left in the Lurge? Is that what you're saying? I think we've been left in the Lurge. I'll tell you one thing. I prefer being in the Lurge than to being in church. I'll guarantee you in damn T. There are already censoring censoring history. Remember the story about the H. Right. That's right. That's right. Oh, of course. Absolutely. Right. You won't see that in the good old USA. WQAM hello. Oh, uh. Winguist. Tadarn days. Yeah. Not there. WQAM hello. You're like Richard Dawson again. WQAM hello. Do you pay the American money? WQAM hello. Yeah. And then remind people I've been slaughtered blood. What's that? What's that? That's that. Exactly. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. Nothing's going to dissuade these people out in South Florida, May. Nobody's going to get them all depressed. More than. Nobody's going to warn them. And the air. And we're going to whip up to a frenzy of his alien comes back and doesn't get his happy meal. I guarantee it. You bet your life on it. But mirrored. WCS on it. WQN hello. WQN hello. Okay. First of all, I just say to everybody that you are doing screenless. Yeah. So. Yeah. They're talking to me. Anyway. Well, they're getting right to their sound. Right away. They're not waiting. Anyway, how after the censorship law is everything. How are we going to say the president's name? So he can be out. Yeah, you're right. We can say carry. We can say president's furry patch of hair. That is correct. All right. Yeah. Have a good day. You too. Have a good day. Wow. We certainly made a turn this hour. What? What was it? Is it something that we, if one of us said, then what? We said that. Jai said. Good lunches. Huh? Yeah. What do you have? No, I didn't have it. Maybe they did. Nobody brought nothing in today. Well, no one is going up with a book of Brian for lunch. Of course, I'll be buying now. Oh, book of Brian that keeps you, you know, emailing me stuff that I can't play on here. Yeah. Not because it's over the line, but because tech. 790 votes. What's your take on the much hype Mel Gibson patch of the Christ movie? I'll tell you one thing. It's put this audience right into their misery. I mean, out of their misery. I will see it. 169, 21.3%. Even the Pope would be proud of this marketing. 125. Mel Gibson is father of both Nazis 123. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 118. I might see it if I hear it's good. 112. Oh, it's great. It's sensational, man. It's fun. I definitely won't see it 102 and non-believers who just ignore it only 41. So I think what they're really trying to say is we can't just ignore it. It's a little too important to ignore. Watch me or something like that. Yeah, me too. Me too. We got bigger fish to fry. 12. It's after one is five. 60. We got the mad dog at two. We got the hump or the Hebrew hammer at four handgoer bird. Hurricane warmer puts seven. The seat and hold pirates and a Miami hurricane's a basketball. Her控 is 730. You got any K-Four and a basketball game. Joe and Mark over an I-2 to five. In the AM, when their prestigious unmasual show. Here's something that's pretty then good too. And that's an erect diabetic. It's a delicious meal replacement drink that's made for people who have diabetes. But anybody looking to cut down the sugar intake can drink it and enjoy it and love it. An erect diabetic is sweetened with splendour which unlike aspirateman's saccharine. Doesn't leave you with that nasty after taste in your post. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition. Just because they're in a big fat hurry. Big fat ass curry. An erect diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement. That provides you all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for a healthy life plus fiber and he oxidinated low-unsaturated fat and low-encluster all too. An erect diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free. An 8 ounce can provides 237 calories of easy to digest nutrition. Try an erect diabetic once and you'll never ever go back to whatever you drink and be full. Pick some up wherever you're doing your shop and they pick it up at Zidano's Navarro's. Ecarid's Walgreens Public CVS of the local pharmacies too. It's all over the place. In fact, if you'd like to try it for free. Just give McCall or go online and they'll send you a free two pack. Full-size samples, one vanilla, one chocolate. Just call it a two free number. One, eight, six, six, three, six, eight, thirty, seven, thirty-nine or some that Neil Center for the delicious one and get an additional special gift for having the cohones dimension. Or faster yet or to online at interest.vetik.com and just click on for free samples. Call that toll free number today and get your free two pack in a mail. Call one, eight, six, six, six, three, six, eight, thirty, seven, thirty-nine. And my life and low-rolls. This is sports-reduals by six. You win away, you win away, you have. Absolutely. I would be was a front run of a shot. Till he self-destructed one day. Maybe it was the endorsement from Al Gore. He said, with my help you run this country. Oh, what happened when you placed there behind the whole pack pack pack pack pack pack pack pack pack hadn't one any stains. Without any help from his business. But his concessions lead with so funny. I would did as lost as my ear. With that scream all about. Don't we play both syrup-custines. Strop it out. Strop it out. I was a little bit dated but it was worthwhile. One-seven-teen. Let's see. Hail Mary. Somebody just thinks this. Oh, this is a chronic facts. But it's kind of cute. Huh? It's cute. Hail Mary Fuller Gas. Tell Mel Gibson and the FCC to stick it up there. Ask. What it's said. Back to him. It's a word in front of us but we don't want to say. Maybe I should read it again. Hail Mary Fuller Gas. Tell Mel Gibson and the FCC stick it up there. There you go. There. A little bit better reading. 5, 6, 7, 5. 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. It's a really good this hour. I know we get some really great calls to the show today. It's just sometimes they say it's for the SN. Don't say ask too many times. Therefore. I know. L.A. Times speaking of times says in health Canada tops USA. Oh, no. Our neighbors to the North live longer and pay less for care. The reasons which are being reasons why are being debated. But some site to get between rich and poor in the USA. It says a duty form in rights in the L.A. Times. Yesterday, want to help tip-book to Canada. And impressive a way of that is shows that Canadians live longer. Healthier lives than we do. What's more, they pay roughly half as much per capita as we do for the privilege. I'd like that. I don't. Exactly why Canadians for better is the subject of considerable academic debate. Some policy experts say it's Canada's single-perian universal health coverage system. Something it's because our neighbors to the North use fewer illegal drugs and shoot each other less often with guns. Though they smoke and drink with gusto, I'll be at somewhat less than Americans. Still others think Canadians are healthier because their medical system is tilted more toward primary care doctors, unless toward specialists and simply if it's something more fundamental, a smaller gap between rich and poor. According to a WHO report published in 2003, Life expectancy at birth in Canada is 79.8 years. Versus 77.3 in the US, 79.8 that's 2.5 years longer. Japan's is even longer 81.9. Huh. It's on our website. Follow that social care. 560, 560, O'Line 9 is back again. I'll bet. W.M. Hello. I'm Neil A. I'm looking to you from Indiana over the internet. I got a letter. Yes sir. Yes I do. One caller is sucked with that soft photo for a man's a good idea to stay in Indiana do not go to Florida. You're not going to get everyone on time. It's not too much better. I'm going to write your brain. Now we're in Indiana. Northern Indiana. Uh-huh. You're the Michigan border? Yeah. I used to live in How Indiana where that is. Oh, you poor guy. I'm so sorry. Hey, what I was calling about is it came to mind. I think these conservatives are really missing the boat with this with the gay. I wish they'd have bought a boat with gay. I wish they'd have bought a boat with gay. Well, you know, if they're so concerned about the bank city of marriage, why aren't they proposing a constitutional amendment to ban divorce? Right. What's up with that? What do you mean? What are you doing with that? What are you doing with that? If two guys want to get married, what happened? What if they're not going to come on here and say this is an important national issue. What a time when our soldiers are dying over there in Iraq. When we are going to have the elections by the time they turn tail and run there in July or June, uh, when all these grotesques are going on, when we have all these people without health care, and he's trying to say that this is an important issue, who now is he kidding? Most people don't give a flying pamphlet. This is except a bigoted right wing religion that he's pantering to. It's a election here. Yeah. You know, let everyone get married to each other and let them smoke a joint at the reception. Okay. Do you know something? What's going to happen, though, is this? I really believe this is going to blow up in her face because when the public sees how really bigoted and narrow minded and divisive that these people are, they're not going to let it. Even the ones who don't support gay marriage are, you know, aren't that interested in the issue? They ain't going to take a, I like and do it. Oh, but there's no bigotry involved. Gary Bauer was on CNN. I saw that. I saw people. I was too kind of bored. I haven't even eaten yet. It's just it's what everyone has been doing for 3000 years. Really. And of course slavery was something they were doing a lot longer than 3000 years on a face of the earth. So therefore it must have been a good idea. What kind of nonsense is this? Changes bad. Yeah. All right. Well, he keeps up the good show. I love it. I'll see you in Windsor. How can I see in the board at the old ambassador bridge? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. You ever been to Northern Indiana? No, but I heard Indiana was you. Don't. That's what our dean said. I like that song, our dean Taylor. But we got it somewhere. Don't live somewhere around. If I come in, have it still by. I might have it here. Let's do that. One hit wonders again. Show it. Come on. Let's threaten the audience with that. What up with that? How? There's nothing worth an old fart trying to be cool. You know, brother. 820. See, I want to have totally this long time ago. I want to think about me. I was as cool as a, as an inferno in hell. When I was born, and I'm still about as cool as that. As, as, as, as, as, Squares a cardboard box. No, no, you're hit, Daddy. Oh, yeah, like the moment. I'm not swear. I'm hit. I'm hit by a, I'm totally hit. Get out of here, my. Go change your piece. 822 of oats on there. Pretty good, huh? We got them whipped up into a frenzy. They probably like the picture of Sofia Vergara and her ass on the beach. We got a couple of ass pictures on there today. And they really like the picture. I'll tell you her ass is like small potatoes. Compared to Michael Powell's. That's him enormous gigantic. In fact, I would say, I mean judging from that picture, I never, never seen Mr. Powell in the altogether before. And he is all. That's him ass. 822 votes. What's your take on a much-eyed Mel Gibson patch of the Christ movie? I'm going to go see it. I will see it. 176, 21.4%. They're going to go do it. They want to see some blood and got stuck. Even a pope would be a proud of the marketing. 131. Any wood. He's jealous as hell. Mel Gibson and his father were both Nazis. 126. Maybe they can be part of the government. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 122. I might see it if I hear that it's good. 120. Yeah. I definitely won't see it. 107. And non-believers who just ignored 44. Very the head and the sound like the old proverbial ostrich. Or ostrich. By the way, never tell you the ostrich. How much bigger Nazis in the Germans? Yes, you've just mentioned that in passing. Oh, despite a tight budget legislative concerns about, Oh, this is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life. Talk about fat ass governor, Jim. Despite a tight budget legislative concerns about a looming fiscal crisis, Governor Jim Bush again is pushing to eliminate attacks whose average payers a millionaire. It's attacks on the middle class. He said during the rule out of his budget last month, I guess it's all relative. You know, middle class compared to him and his family. Cutting that tax, Cindy Hall of the AFLCIO would be in a front to decency and fairness. Our workers can't afford stocks and bonds. He said during a recent news conference. The intangible taxes don't is levied on investment portfolio. It was worth more than a quarter million dollars for individuals and 500,000 for married couples. Anything held within a retirement account is exempt such as cash and savings or checking account, which effectively limits the tax to the wealthiest 1.3% of Floridian's there you go. It's in the Palm Beach post two days. So again, like I said before, how anybody could have voted to put Jeb Bush back into again after he just stuck his foot deep inside your bottom. I don't get it. I don't understand it. And of course, maybe nobody did vote for him. Maybe they just fixed the numbers again. That's possible. Does anybody really believe we'll ever get the accurate count and Florida unless you again? No. It's enough to make you die bold. WDQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Do you think Michael Powell will ever tackle the issue of a selling cruise videos? Yes. He says the fact that I talked to the S-days that the most of the scene thing I've ever seen. Man, if he does, and I'm voted for the Resum Administration again. Do you ever see the two of them together by the way? When you will, you will not on our website. Believe me, join it. You've heard the expression joined it to hip. I think you'd say join it the neck with all the oil. I am silly as losing I am dead now. But that renal know when nine was alive. I will need to do it anymore. With the well. With the well. With the well. Wow. What a cow that's serious. You can see, see the animal called the Gather again in Syria right on the arages.com today. It's a beautiful thing. Don't look at it right after lunch. Okay. We should probably put a warning on there. I did mention that article from New York Resar�ed, he honored because Eric is right on top of these things. And because we didn't have one of those building poles, and all kinds of other cocker life from to do, even though you didn't tax him to pull this morning. There. It's not just a joke. Why do you just want to keep on your toes? That's all I heard. Because the more time we have him at the keyboard, the less time at the refrigerator. We're trying to do a service. WQA and hello. Yeah. Hi. I'm one of those guys. I'm a creator back four years ago, three years ago. Yeah. Thanks. But I think you can do one another one. Let me ask you something. Are you going to do that again, sir? Oh, no. That's why I'm calling to tell you that. I think this year, the stakes are much higher. And I think with a lot of people who are, you know, not seeing is that this was also a vote for the Green Party and a vote for third party politics. Whereas now, I think. That's a dead issue. The leader is kind of, you know, probably a little bit. You could tip the corner. That's a little bit. I don't believe Al Sharpton saying it's a Republican conspiracy. But I think both him and the leader. You know, Sharpton is a good one to talk about that. Well, I think both him and Howard Dean of Interjective a lot of, you know, emotion into this race. And Dean got a lot of the young kids out. I'm looking forward to it. I think we have a good shot at getting that. Ask out of there. Excellent. I'm already 50 times man. I'm telling you then my time might actually count once you twice. That's why I'm on the floor. All right. Thanks. Thanks, Pally. I'm going to tell you right now that John Kerry will win Florida. The Kerry Edwards ticket. Market down. Right on your, uh, limprist. I'll market. Dane. Right on Josh's at your low. Okay. If you can get that piercing out of there. 27 past one at five, 60 WQA. And I'll tell you one thing. Speaking of schmutzie things. The carpets in your home. You're walking on him. You're rolling around on him. Your pets are doing. On you. Awesome.cio is what? On him? And after a period of time, they stuck in really nasty. Now you may not see it. Well, thank you, Mike for that. Think it's me doing for over 20 h. Right onczę gets out of the fire. That's what they may do. I'd really like to answer your question. Yeah. Don't use that. Maybe, takers. I don't think they're really out of hell. And I guarantee you, it looked to everybody like you just had brand new carpeting. Late right there on her ear floor. They also do a stupidish job. Appling your area, your aerobics, your furniture, your poultry, your drink for all of these things. So if you want an unbeatable job at a guaranteed written price upfront, do what's far people at the noon for a long time. Call dry concepts. And when you make that call, ask them to put you understand by list, which can save you an extra 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Call them today and tell them that old Neil told you to call toll free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071, along under their website at dryconcepts.com My My My My My My My My And low, this is for 2056, you're a way to weigh you a half. Any worse than Neil Rogers? Hey guys, you want a cheer up, have rid me sit on your face. Make that old acting clear all when releases on your face. Forget about your wife's girlfriend, our Neil and St. Graze. Better shave off that beard and stash their eggs, pick up the paint. You're really gonna love it, and when releases on your face. Imagine the view of our men when releases on your face. Men over it looks like a problem when releases are sitting down. Bring me sit on your face. Make that old acting clear all when releases on your face. Imagine the risk of these fears, leaving her full bottle of your cloth. Knowing if you're still mad or too, we are gonna score. Wipe off that dinty beast too, before a brand needs to touch your face. Can it pull not too wide or too, when releases on your face. Stop dreaming and clean up your face, because she wants a brand new face. You're crazy. I'm 31 and 5. 60. You don't look, but the QMV is right in front of your nose. I mean, if you're at the corner of our 306 and sunrise, don't look now, but it's Scott. Oh my God. Yeah. Are you still alive? I thought it was the one I'm gonna say. Yeah. Anyway, I'm just trying to give them a little plug, because I have no idea. See, they unlike the old and days when we used to get like some kind of report about what's going on when they go out these things, we don't even find out. I mean, granted, this is the fundraiser kind of a thing, but certainly not a fundraiser. That's for damn sure. But until two o'clock, another half are the QMV and is on the corner of 156, Panther Parkway and sunrise. How too far from Staken Quake? We're here. Is that Staken Quake? They're kind of falling apart, just like the burgers. That's a shame. That is a shame, but what are you gonna do? The shades are great. That's what Janice said. She said he can't keep their shades. Oh, that was bad. Seriously, their shades are the best, they can quake, but their burgers, the meat is all like falling apart, and I don't know. Not the same. WQAM, hello. Jump off. WQAM, hello. Oh, hello. Yes, sir. I'm doing good. How are you? Good. Listen to me all the time. I just called the doctor. I love your show and keep up the great work. Okay? Thanks a lot. And have a great day. He likes to show a lot, and I should keep up the great work. Keep it up. Okay. We'll see you, Alice. WQAM, hello. Speaking. Meal. Yes, I am. Listen. The question for you. I'm listening. Turn the radio off, pal. Please. Please. I'm listening. Turn the radio off, pal. Please. Okay. There's the question. That was good. Wow. Wow. What are you doing? Huh? My answer is absolutely. Yeah. Whatever the question was, the answer is... Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Sounds like me, yes. Hey. I'm just going to say I'm going to the movie tomorrow. I'm at you. And I'll be wearing my Jew for crucification, sir. Okay. crucification. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. It's the Yushgeek Squad, man. So Jesus Christ is the Yushgeek people. We got the Yushgeek people in the movies. We got George Bush and the Antifag. It's for your own good. We got all these other things going on, man. We got the war, the freedom of Operation Iraqi Freedom. How soon they forget? Operation Emancipation by the Cappetation. It's just a wonderful thing. We got the Diable people fixing them voting machines. I mean, what's not to like? Right? What's not to like? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. How about? Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Well, how you doing? All right. Pretty good. Yes. I didn't hear you talking about it. I know. Because I didn't know about it. He's going to be on watch show. It's going to be on book notes on C-SPAN1. Okay. 8 o'clock. This Sunday night. That's it, love you. Thanks a lot. George Cero says, don't need it. He's going to be donating millions and millions more to help get Bush out of there. He said, he's made that his life goal now. Because he got more money than God. And he's going to donate as much as an estuary to get rid of the Bushmeister and the US government. It's an ugly, grotesque nasty thing. But at least we're taking care of nudity that big flat at the Super Bowl. What kind of an adult? Seriously. Other than the real nudity, phonetical religious fringe, you know, that 50, 60 percent. What kind of a person really and truly could even care about two seconds of a booby on TV? I mean, yeah, a lot of people want to see it because it got the hype of the century even as movie and get in the hype like that thing got. Every 10 seconds there was on CNN and MSNBC and even Fox. Oh, it was disgusting and everybody's talking. But at the same time, you'd see it again in the background and see they put a little bit of a blur over the booby, but you saw it over and until it was like party or brain, whatever's left of it, right? Right. It was like a brainwashing man. They just stuck it right in there and they picture too. Just snap it right on your brain. But we're going to really start cleaning things up now. And it's just like I keep telling you, the lunatic fringe has taken a lot of time. The fringe has taken over the inmates are running the asylum. Make no question about it. Okay. WQM, hello. Yeah, Prince Albert and his. It's kind of like your QM as a matter of fact. WQM, hello. Hi, name, how are you? Pretty good. I have a question maybe that you could put on your old one day. I was just wondering if you'd ever consider this. I'm kind of a young guy. I'm only 30 years old, but I happened to watch games. I was already mad. Yeah, about that. And I was always wondering if you'd like to put on your poll. The best game shows, game shows of all time. I'll be, we've done that. Oh, Abby. Well, I love your poll anyway, Neil. Okay, man. I'm a straight man. I really did. Handle with care. Have a great day. Thanks. He likes my poll. How do you like that? A lot of people are big on the poll, right? Yeah. Right. 560. 560. I don't know where the hell it is. Your poll? Yeah. Where do you like the line glass? I think I lost my, oh, here it is. I wonder where it was. I like Neil's poll. Boy, that was a lot of work for that. Thanks, uh, the Hebrew hammer. W.2.2.2. Hello. Hey Neil, hello. I heard they're going to syndicate. They're going to make Hebrew national. Yes, sir. We did it. I'm good. Do it again. W.2.2.2.2. Hello. W.2.4.2.2.2.3. Then when you got full whackin', W.2.6.2.2.2.2.2. 미국! W.2.1. Wow. Wow. Hey. Nice to see you. W.3.2.3.2.2.1. All right. W.2.2.2.2.2.2.1. Hi, Sean. W.2.2 week. Why are you here? WDQM, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. Hey, Horia. OK. I'm going to change the subject of TV because it's in Buggamy since Sunday. And you being an ex-UM announcer. Do you did anybody call or listen to the now that the UM game against Tennessee on Sunday? No. It was. I mean, you've got to get a tape of the two guys that did that. It was the piece where I think it was the Brian London I can't remember who was doing it with. Brian London is the beast. I mean, the beast and some other guy and it was. There wasn't. There wasn't clearance was it was it parents Josh Dero? Uh, man, it was horrible. Yeah. It was absolutely the whole thing. It was very, yeah. Absolutely, very, very, very. I'm a seasoned chicken for us. I usually go to the game, but I couldn't go on Sunday. I have to listen. And I figured it would be, you know, the Gacky's Fantasy is or or the Booms, or somebody like that. But this was amateur hour at its best. Well, then it definitely was clearance in the beast. Yeah. Well, they probably do a lot of extracurricular things in between shots. If you can't, if you can't, if you can. As far as I call, just listen to five seconds of it. OK. The tech will, we'll put five seconds of it on the ear to my eye if we can find it. OK. Thanks a lot, Pally. Sorry. I don't think I'm going to be able to do that. But we want to apologize. No. But we don't. Don't forget, look for the QM fan right in front of your house. I don't know why keep reading that thing. Or it won't get way hockey tickets. Anybody care about the Panthers? Oh, Roberto L'Ongo, maybe the heart trophy winner. Most likely we'll play in the league. He's unbelievable. Shut off. The Bruins last night. 38 saves. Anybody here? Oh, sorry. Talking of four languages, you're going to apologize. What's your take on the much had Mel Gibson pass to the Christ movie. We're asking today. If I've said you what is done to the audience, they're absolutely loosened. They're falling apart to scenes now. They're just... The moment like that, well maybe when the movie comes up, they'll be saved. I will see it. 192, 21.6%. Even the Pope would be proud of this marketing, 145. Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis, 133. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 131. I might see it if I hear it's good, 124. It's fabulous. I definitely won't see it, 13. And I'm the only one who's suggesting to it. 47. 5. Local. 6. 6. 3. 9. 9. Where are you, Drudge Packen? I get out of the communist room. I just got my own business. Yeah, you drive up the wrong way. I just got my own business. You killed somebody. I'm being quiet up there. Whoa! What have you been drinking? I've tried it through Arizona. With the snow full of pools. I'm talking on yourself for a long time. And wearing this shirt of shoes. And wearing a cop for a roll-up. I'm driving directly to sleep. I'm just like, you said don't you know why? I am so I am. I'm in this wrong way to do. I've been heard from the day. I am the rock out of the wood. And now she's going to jail. And she's down there. It's blown in. Well, the cop is broken in. You're broke my day. I'm driving the wrong way. I'm ready to sleep. I'm going to win. You and the of you. The of the of you. Listen to your old tunes. I'm a car. I can say I was a good girl. I want you to hold me man. My name is just a rock. Did you say that again? I can't say the brothers. I just can't tell you. Give me the alphabet quick. Baby, it's the old thing. That's horrible. I just can't tell you. She was constantly a little bit. My name is just a little bit. When they asked to the board. I don't know that anymore. Couldn't recite the alphabet. Baby, it couldn't make it to board. I love the pain. She was growing up the letter. My son. She was too stubborn. I'm like you're all pinging. And now Miss Ross is going to get her. Here's a night by night. I'm this one. I'm a rock, I'm a motor. And now she's going to jail. I love you everything. And she's down there, she's going to jail. Oh, man, a car, broken down. I love my daily. I drive in the runway, radically. You and the of you. You think I'm a little pure man. Listen to her old two. I'm a car, baby. Oh. Pick. 147 at 5. 60th. Maybe I did that with her. Anyway, here's the entire story before I get to that thing about the sports illustrated. That's been on CNN all day. They've had the kid on there with that magazine. Yeah. But first, here's the from the Tampa Tribune. A little bit more on it. DJ Bubba, Love Spun, Farib by Clear Channel. Bubba, Love Spun, Clam, who's graphic and explicit radio program prompted the largest proposed single find against the broadcaster in history was fired yesterday according to a statement from his boss. Then Delaretto. Dan Delaretto. Oh, my God. Is that incredible? Who that? A radio smuck. Dan Delaretto, he used to be in Miami. He used to be a GBS, I believe. Dan Delaretto, Vice President General Manager, WSTB, 97.9FM owned by Clear Channel Communications. What did I just say? Clear Channel. Ishuttershttman. I'm your resume newscast at Sister Station WFL-A970-AAMA. Danny Delaretto, all my God. What are Pots? He said, Clems contract have been terminated with the Tampa Station several other Florida radio stations that are the program. Bubba, Love Spun. Delaretto did not elaborate. Neither Clam, who show aired mornings on WSTB nor any other chief channels that he's could be reach for comment. And January the FCC proposed planning San Antonio based chief channel, $755,000 from a Tural aired on Clems Show that the agency deemed indescent, the total also included to find regarding the station's record keeping. Clems Show was popular. It was number one radio program in the Bay Area from 6 to 10 AAM with people ages 18 to 34, according to the most recent Arbitron rating show. Well here at No Mo. Tempest has been fined repeatedly for similar offenses including a 2000 to Winsonent, which chief channel agreed to play 30 grand. From a Tural broadcast in 1997, this article doesn't even mention the flap of our killing to pig on the air. Peter. Peter thing. You know. So here you go. Bubba, Love Spun. Now. Now. He's out now. Get into this crap. Bill, Pray or Hio. I mean, this is ever stopped. No. It's like a gigantic snowball that's gone out of control. No. A middle school suspended the sixth radio for three days after refused to serve a lesser punishment. For bringing a sports illustrated swim suit issue to school, the superintendent said today. Justin Reyes had the magazine in the school's gymnasium before fast to begin February 15. Bill Pray's school superintendent Tim Swar said he swore to it. Principal Kathy Garrison punished Justin for five-dating the school's policies. A non-verbal harassed been a position of ludoristic system materials swans. This is the sports illustrated swim suit issue. Ludor suggested material. Garrison ordered Justin to spend two days in alternative school about 12 miles from Bill Pray middle school, where students from cellary districts take classes when they get into trouble. Swar said Justin's penalty was increased a three days of out-of-school suspension after he and his mother Nicole refused to accept alternative school punishment. He started serving the suspension today. Last time I checked we were in charge of running the schools he said. Nicole Reyes said the alternative school was to our department. It wasn't like Hustler playboard or pen out she said the punishment doesn't fit the crime. Although we had not seen the swimsuit in this year. This is the best. Although we hadn't seen the swimsuit edition before this incident swar said he's looked at it since. I was shocked he said it doesn't belong in public schools before an enveloped payment of school about 90 miles south east of Columbus. It serves about a 550 students it grades four through eight. Wow. Is this scary or what? The sport they illustrated swimsuit is simple but in this asshole this swar I swarled and I would never read stuff like this again. He looked at it he was shocked it's in these minutes disgusting as America continues taking these gigantic you mongas steps in the stone age. Wow. So while you people have got the SI laying around you better not let your little kids you know the 15 16 17 13 year old kiss you got on a nose what they might do. Scorts or no not that don't even think about that no mull. So no matter I want you to understand this okay up until last couple days to all these a memo start coming out broadcasting and all these other facilities around the USA. Whatever you enjoyed watching reading think about before. No no cut it out. No no no no cut it out. Stop it right now put it away stop. No. Now it out. It's late put her way. 151 at 5. 60. QAM. You know whether the laugh or cry it's a juvenile it's so pathetic. Better laugh. I said all the politicians of both parties are just a bunch of weak need. Wimps. Simpled in. Pandering assholes is what they are. WQM hello. Hello. Pretty good. Turn it portable radio down. I'm pleased. I woke up this morning. I was watching the LA police put the laws of bullets through this. I was in wrong room. Back. Yeah. Because they said he was threatening the killer man. It looks like he was in wrong and backward. But then I'm listening all day that I did not allow the police to hurt me. Words on the radio. That is absolutely correct. Better watch it pal. I'm telling you to probably trace the call right now. What? Oh yeah. Anyway, you know I enjoy listening to you certainly open up my mind in a different way. The word the word police will be knocking on all our door pretty soon. Okay. The best thing is to stay in mom. Okay. Have a great day pal. Good luck to us. Just don't say nothing. Right? In fact, we're going to be doing the first show starting tomorrow. We're going to do for four hours like that. And then you can like respond. Oh, of course. The word that George and I just spelled out does to get in the F. But unless you know, I'll bleep code. Forget about more scope. We got our own bleep code. Okay. That's a will. There's a way. That's what George will always said. Boy, let's in him away. 153 at 560 qm. You're disgusting. Proverted filthy station. And we're proud of it. We're supposed to be in five station. You a m. Freedom's there with very high hands. Freedom's there with very high hands. This is the biggest web I've ever seen. Good mood. There's a way. We've got to go. Yeah. I'm looking more. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We did this. We did this. We did this. We did this. We did this. We did this. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Ew. You look freaky. You look Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Why we not? One, two, throw. Tag just from ourselves. You've got to watch. One, you say you better or else. Go bystand, go bystand. The virtual age, I'm on a parade. Every God's will for God's Day, and for the peace. Like the day's day, this God's will for the peace. You are in violation of our tyrannical creatures. Now, you can do not confess to me this subversion, and make sure we will kill you as the day of the change. You will never be safe. Not as we do. The worst of the days, they call the fashion fighters. The worst of the days, they'll act the worst that I said. The worst of the days, they walk my ship away. The worst of the days, they walk my ship away. The worst of the days, they walk my ship away. What's the key to not mad at all? Come and have an opportunity to pull 900-19 votes. What's your take on a male Gibson movie to pass them to Jesus Christ? I will see at 196-21.3%, even a pulpy be proud of this marketing 151. Mel Gibson and this father are both Nazis 142. Absolutely. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 135. I might see it if I hear it's good, 120, oh, it's fabulous. I definitely won't see a 120, non-believers' majestic nor at 47, and all of us, regardless, are going to burden him. Bye-bye! And... I... I...