They don't forget about that and are we proud of that or what? And if it is, I don't know And don't forget those 24-7', Beyonce bass Were an easy person What is burning out ROCKET Yeah, I know I'm sorry kid. I didn't want to break with one. Did you fall for it? I'm not going to get into a tad you'll freak out on me, okay? Not no way. Yeah. That's uh that who is it free? What's this name, man? I'm not going to argue about it. The guy from CNN. Ted Turner, yes. Oh man, you go to for you, can you? I bought him for Ted Turner. I'm just sending police right into my bed. I can do it. Why don't you, my dad number and his friends. Ted. And let him come over and tell me. Ben, you are like you're going to elect the thought police. Ted, Ted, this wasn't a presidential election. This is a primary, okay? I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side. Give me the chance to vote for the other side. Drinking. What? My pal, Rick, voted for a name. I knew this would be that I didn't vote for a Nazi. I am not a Nazi. Sure, whatever you say, 10, 0, 1, at 5, 60. I guess I'm not supposed to sound too enthusiastic. Are we supposed to be a little model in today? A little bit. Well, do we have to be? I mean, I'm not like jumping up and now with Glee, but the guy was dying for 10 years. Why is it that we have to be in mourning? Like Nancy said, even Nancy Reagan said, it's a sense of relief. She's like holy crap. You know, not does an up already. It is exactly what she said. But that's not what she was feeling. If they just had those stem cells in time. Yeah, if we just had those stem cells present in bush, just a little bit of that stem cell research, which he sure turned around on that. Instead of just saying, to stem cell research, that was one thing she was starting to say, a little bit too late, like about many years. I mean, I just, I don't know if I can stand much more of this. It's all Ronnie Reagan all day. Well, anyway, first let's get to the bad news. Oh, here's the good news though first. Let's start on the upbeat note, okay? Something good. You can make people do anything if they're afraid. Give it a big reaction to blows, all of the airports can be united state. All commercial airlines are having this ground in them. But we have some airplanes authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up the summer bin Laden family members to transport the largest country. Little before, corporations decided to go to the US. We decided to hold the parameters to figure out how much money could be made. First up, oil, stop flowing. Start to be lost on money. Whatever the cause of the new day is going to be a good for business, bad for the people. Trying to get members of the Congress to pick up the kids from the country and go over to Iraq. The USA hatred act allows the researchers of medical and financial records. It gives law enforcement a lot of money to power. They wait till the middle of the night. It's prison in the middle of the night. How to Congress have this sacred act that I'll be doing even better. It's still going to be a nice day. We don't read most of the bills. No one read. Remember the Congress? This is my new heart. I like to read you to USA. I agree. I agree. I agree. You can solve. Let's start! There's a cold winter. breakfast? children? Children? Children? Career Straße. Women? They protect children. Children? Sniffs? They do good quality mat. children? vancoids? you have to pay you groom and voiceplay. You do good. I call upon all of you. You everything they can to stop these charers killers. Thank you. And now watch this drive. That's one of the most sickening parts. That's the trailer that's the audio from the trailer for the first night of the night. I'm not going to be in theaters June 25. I can't wait. I got a feeling that ain't the most sickening part of the movie. I'm sure that. But I'm just talking about the very end clip there where he's so glib and he's talking about we're going to get these charers. These are out there and shirts leave playing golf. Now watch this drive. Man, oh man. Just drive off out of the sunset and get leave us alone already. Will you please? Please. Please. She said. Yeah, that's enough. Anyway, she's talking about the G8. Wanted to be great. And Yani out of get the re the kind of lesa. Anyway, that's June 25. Would sounds like two weeks from Friday to me. Is that correct? Yes. That is absolutely correct. Two weeks from this Friday, a fair high 9.11 will be in theaters near you. Drag everybody in order to go see it. Anyway, this is the bad news. A car bomb exploded yesterday near the gate to a US run based north of Baghdad. And killing six people entering 20 others, including two US soldiers, the US military said. Also yesterday, the US military freed more detainees from the notorious Abu Ghara. Reprision. The center of the scandal involving abusive inmates by American soldiers. The release was the fourth major one from the facility since the scandal broke in April. And I guess most of the detainees probably will be going to get their back down back down. Not to make sure they're okay. Wouldn't you think? That'd be their first stop. I would think. One would think so. Ursula and Res in a state of undress on our upper hand to be curtain today. Now you might be saying yourself, good, golly, she's an old bag. Well, she is now. Right. But she wasn't back in the day. And that pictures from way back in the day. Ursula and Res was born March 19, 1936 in Burn, Switzerland, Schweitz. It even has her measurements here as a starlet in 1955, 35, 2135. And on the set of Dr. Something or other. What is that? Dr. Strange locked? What was she in? She was in, huh? She was in everything. She was in Dr. Javagro, Dr. Strange. She was in the Hello Doctor. I don't know. And anyway, 37.5.235. As in it, we're just like popping up like crazy. Anyway, she was in 80 million movies. The most recently, Creamaster 5, Queen of Chain, that you're part of. Creamaster. No, it's not the kind of movie you're thinking of. Okay. Alice Galogan. Profitivity. Oh man, men against the mob. Closer. Oh, I can't say that. Falcon crash. She was in the TV series. Played Madam Amalach. Peter the Great, many series. Manimal. Well, she's a big. Clanch of the Titans. Mabital. Fifth Muscatir. Dopiodilito. Montagne del diocenobale. In Fermi, Anna. I just like reading the Italian ones. Safari Express. Oh. Spoya mochi. Cozzi. Sinsa Poudor. Africa Express. So, at anywhere. She was in 80 Tridian movies. How many Tridian was she in? Bop. I said, exaggerate. 33 new movies. There she is behind a beating curtain. I love that part where John Ascroft is singing in the movie there. They had that clip. Oh, probably him. That's him. Did you watch it? I watched it like three times. Right. I don't know if he's still. Don't you remember that? He was just one of the things. One of the great tunes he was singing. He's got a great singing voice. I know we could do something. Right. He missed his calling. Yeah. Well, column. Wait for supper. I mean, but anyway, you've got to go to MichaelMord.com. If George will shut up, you can go to MichaelMord.com right now and view the trailer. Now, was on their last week, but it was almost impossible to get on there because in fact, they had to take it down for a while because they were getting so many hits that it was overloading the site and they were just going nuts. So it's on there this morning and we were both able to view it and I taped the audio part there for it to kind of like spice it up a little, right? As opposed to sitting here for the next several days morning about Ronnie Reagan. MichaelMording. It reminds me of like Jimmy Carter when he goes to that big peanut farm in the sky. I mean, do we have to say, oh, he was such a wonderful man. I look at all the great things he did after he was the president. And look at how he ran around the world sticking his. Yeah, somebody could have done great things while he was the president because we had that malaise running across the country. And we had those hostages in our ran that we didn't do all I will in capturing with those smash helicopters and dead people on the ground. But it was sort of a problem with Jimmy Carter. Just awarding. Yes, the During. Hey, that's it. The sun is shining here, man. It's going to be about the 80 today and it's just beautiful. Okay. So there anything again, as usual, any malfunction at the junction is going to be on your back. Go in and even now expect to direct it power out. It job that which means we can go home right well. I am home. All right. Excellent. Really well, this is supposed to be her keen season. It's supposed to be like the end of the world. The building is shaking. Is it really well, maybe a fat boy just came in. That guy is following. That might be it. Yeah, either we're going to have a big go storm or maybe. Hi, that was fat boy just waddled in. Where was Mufftus morning to have our usual confabination? Huh? Maybe he's off to the proctorologist again. He seems to spend an awful lot of time over there hanging it out. All the way did get clearance into this morning. Closess is running around like a busy beaver taking care of business. He's probably a little bit down because his friend the beast is. The loft is feed after that big baseball. It worked kind of crap was that. I've never seen anybody as insignificant as the beast. Get more airtime and more, uh, get his finger at more different places. Clorence. And then of course we had the horse race on Saturday and everybody in the wonder everybody's done. I was just running Reagan down over the weekend, but there was poor, smarty Jones kind of dying in the stretch. I didn't like the whole concept of that race. There were too many horses in there in the first place. Nine, there should have been like five or six in the Belmont, which they're usually are by attrition. And all these jackasses got, oh, well, I'm going to put in master. Or I'll whatever that one horse was and, uh, purge his purge and all right. As we speak, there were too many horses in there. And then they were race and running the race. It's a mile and a half. We're going to press him all the way like if we can't beat him, we're going to make sure somebody else does. And that's the thing, you just seed in the dribble crown. But what the hell are they doing up there early in the race? You clowns, you idiots, Alex Solis and Jerry Bailey, uh, pox on you people. But Joe had a right. I'd never in my life. It would be like if the lightning wouldn't stand like up tonight. And they said, oh, we're so sorry. That was really a goal the other day. And you people in Calgary deserve it. And we want to apologize for winning. Well, whoever heard a such a thing, right? Right. Right. Right. But now you watch the race. Don't give me that crap. You know, watch smarty Jones. Good beat. But no. You're kidding them between, uh, you know, Reagan dying and jail. Oh, getting married. No, this is all for Reagan died. Huh? Huh? This was before Reagan died. Oh, they had the jail of marriage then. Oh, we got that coming. Anyway, here is it. But now I just didn't let. But it's another it proves again that the third of a racing is in big trouble. You know, we thought this was a super horse. He's a very good horse. And we love smarty Jones. And he had it. But he's not a super horse. Because a super horse. I mean, they weren't going like lightning fractions early. Uh, when you got that lead at the top of the stretch of it, it drawn off in one hand. Like sequiturate, maybe not by 31 likes, but he's not a super horse. Third of a racing's got real tourists, which is why we have an out of triple crown Winner in 27 years and probably won't for another 25 years. It's very sad. But at any rate, though, you don't care about that. And that's sad too. All those tears. Oh, we're so sorry that we beat him in America. Love a smarty. But we'll take the money. Thank you. All those rich, you know, horse racing is very much like golf. It's for snob's rich snob's. Although anybody can go out and play golf, even though it'll present it. Like I said, for rich snob's. Come on, let's say to 10, we'll give you a result of the pull from the other day. We'll take, we got a couple of pulls today. One now and one at noon. Same thing kind of like twisted ass backward. All the pulls all the time. And then we'll let the people call in and we can, you'll Ligize Ronnie Reagan for four hours. Oh, what do you say? Come on. That's a good. Nobody do. I get the show. Are you going to start with a two-polished crap again? Shame on you. It was greasy kid's stuff. Let me tell you right now about Valence for Life. Are you fat people out there? We know a big issue for most of you is should you do the five day plan or seven day plan. A lot of you are when arguing about that for weeks. Now the five day plan does not include the weekends. But if you just want a few meals on Saturday and Sunday, well, there's a problem there at Delima. The seven day plan's got all the meals. But what if you have dinner plans on a weekend? It's all or nothing. But now, Valence for Life for those of you who are confused has the six day plan. As if you're not confused enough already. On Friday night you'll get one sack to keep you going through the entire weekend so you can pick out what meals you want to eat and win. The best part of this plan is since Valence for Life is the only meal delivery service that all these choices you can choose meals from either the Saturday or Sunday menu. And add to this plan if you tell the wonderful people at Valence for Life and they wrote this. Of course the wonderful folks at Valence for Life. We are going to eat out. They'll tell you which items on the menu are Valence for Life approved. What a complete service. What's not to like? And Valence for Life is working exclusively with a few local restaurants, to label menu items, Valence for Life approved. So move over atkins and watch your step please. The zone is the way to go. And that's what the basis is of course for Valence for Life is Dr. Barry Sears, No relation to Brian Sears. That's the way to go. By the way, nice going Brian here at the Mohawk Given Knight. Boy is he greater what? Brian Sears. He's the man. Plus keep an eye on that website. Valence for Life.com for new exciting changes to log on now and register for that newsletter. It just keeps on getting better. Valence for Life.com is that website or call them toll free and start losing that poundage right away. Call 1 866-2254543. You know who booked up like crazy in his pattern account? Who? Tom Durkin. Wow. Wow. I mean Tom is always a big man but they had a segment on the film on the telecast. He is just enormous. Valence for Life. Tom 1 866-2254543. I'm Brian O'Neill. I'm Brian O'Neill. I've moved out of the way. Chill out what you're in for. Tater. It's all a part of what. Look hard. And you could finally see. You're right back here. Why do you think it's file? That just made me do the file. Okay. There was one with electrical on the genital. When I'm the cold. Deep by the tone. I've been asleep. The scammers would take. Some pictures to be cool. Could not shoot the rope. But maybe. Tell me. Why chaps going? Get pictures to the game. Oh. What is the face you make it's on a rocky prison. You're merely gay. Now. No one's upset. I'll buy home fries. We've denied. We enjoyed. But we did. And now the flow is too few. Fatherly punish me. And run. I'll have the great. And I'll know. Oh, my God. Right. By the way, all your kids listen out there. Good lesson in life. Just be a suck a lot. Okay. Because Gellby's a good example. Speaking of him. For that. He kissed the Panther organizations collective ass for years there. And especially after this past disaster season again. I'm making a playoffs. It's talking about what a successful season. I want to do that. You've made my play job. Just go to show us sometimes it pays to suck. Anyway. And speak of this that this fancy. This means sucks. It says he had to hear the big on Sunday. First said he was a fan of all sports. Then it was disappointed that Smarty Jones didn't win the Belmont. Because if he had he would have had the opportunity to come back next year. He was the training triple crown winner to defend his title. It finally took a corridor to explain to him. That four year olds do not want a second year. But that's what Mr. Smarty pants. Not can my good friend the big oh see if you're gonna send a faction start critiquing other people you don't have some idea What you're talking about four-year-olds don't run a second year did the secretary run as a four-year-old Did the Seattle slew run as a four-year-old did a firm run as a four-year-old Expect-tack in her bid run as a four-year-old It's Marty Jones gonna run as a four-year-old. What they say? Yeah, so what are you talking about? I just cut the crap all these nitpickers. There are people who listen to radio only in these shows talk shows Only so no seriously, you know I'm talking about Only so you made a mistake. Oh, you made a mistake. Oh, I kind of like the Mike Rosenthall School of Life. You made a mistake So we're doing them a favor by making mistakes. Yeah, really I make mistakes a lot of days and that is Showing up but then again that paycheck shows up. I think well not the worst mistake Studying Gill and homestead who's evidently got too much time on his hand. I have no life former vice president Al Gore's been quoted saying may or Dave County's the most treacherous person he had to deal with during his presidential election bid What are your thoughts? I think Al Gore was the most treacherous person out to me to forget See the agreement, okay? Don't leave them out What a hell do we want to talk about mayor of penis pecania anyway? We don't want to talk about him. Do we? No I see I like the fact that we can't say that anymore. Well, let's just learn it right out mayor penis pecania There's wrong with that we can say just don't do it all right don't do it that that I'm still smelling that you know That one that you dropped in there last week. I could smell it was raspberry. Yeah, that had well I was the most bizarre smell and raspberry I were a sniffed. I'm not responsible to that Here's the fact this is saw your list of favorite fat celebrities which I'm gonna get to that moment here They result of Friday's pool. I just wanted to mention my favorite not on list of Victor Bono Good choice. There's so many we couldn't put all the fat people on there wasn't room for obviously And I could best known as Batman's King Tut and baby jeans piano instructor when he was alive He appeared on the talk show circuit resetting his riverse. He was great Victor Bono and I can understand him not being on list But where's Peter Ustina? Well, I'll tell you where Peter Ustina is he said he's in the ground But there's another girl we love here and I also left off one of my favorites William Conrad So what can I tell you thanks for specifying up a dull day. I listen to you whenever I'm on the road the Richard G. Thanks for Gee By the nitpicking again what the how he's food just showed up in the the guy and the food was so good What it's a nightmare out there. Oh no don't tell me it's raining They totally crap It's sunny and beautiful where I am so too bad and you better get used to it because you know what's gonna happen now I'll be there to now through one November. Oh yeah Raining and hot and human even my mother even my picky mother was always giving me a song of dance It's tell me about it so humid there that you could just pass out Because always tell me. It's so wonderful here Why don't you like it now? She's admitting that it's just like the end of the world. She's not exaggerating What about the humidity yesterday? By the way a 93 was old enough running. I'm sorry Here's the poll result from Friday. Who is your all-time favorite fat person dead or alive and of course? You look at these first few man not looking to promising as far as alive John candy 422 nobody came close The great John candy who was Canadian a? Do you know that? Yes, I did all of those the CCTV guys were who's a Canadian production so there's Jackie police in 220 Chris Farley 210 the fat neorodges back in the day 1951 John Malushi 155 was that currently from the three surges not the star surges Michigan Truly had 133 not to be confused with Larry or Absolutely, no Michael mole Michael more had 70 How come he didn't get more than that Don't waste 58 Jerry Garcia 51 San kinison 42 Kelly Craig. We love you Kelly But wow 37 well we used to have one Kelly Craig and now we got two Dusty road 34 Luke has still 33 John goodman had about 30 man hey gold bird the hump rat 28 What he had to 25 Marlon brand O23 Alfred I never I never you could do that before I just You All of years we've had this gizmo and did you know you could do that sure without press any original button again this person a play button? I didn't know that Wow buddy 125 what's that thunder? Wow Marlon brand O23 Alfred Hitchcock 23 big Wilson hello big 19 as did the fat antico Smith 19 She's still fat big E small 16 run Jeremy 16. Oh brother the fat Elvis 15 that rush limba Hop a couple for us rush 15 Dave X and 14 WC fields and horse and wells 13 apiece Sally struggers 11 Abdul the butcher 11 Gene Hart spelled wrong 10 10 he Roosevelt 8 he wasn't a runny Reagan Oprah 7 he's that cow who had six they've game had five who still alive and he's still Do in the oh website for channel what is it for yes, I guess Paul servino five Sydney Green Street five Lieutenant Pavarote they five factory Louis for Elizabeth Taylor three chef. Shall Paul put on three Which did you figure out who he is? No. Yeah. No William Howard Taff tree and Louis be Anderson three Louis be Anderson Louis be fat Or here's another website somebody sent to us Ashcroft sings you can return to a few additional choices in absolute riot pay attention to his facial expressions and his hands Too funny to be true it says and it's got a website here No media poets dot com slash ashcroft things. Yeah, great I'll put that over there put it in my pile of things to maybe look at so that's the poll from Friday We had over 2,000 votes people are big into the fat people okay, I'm gonna let's do that again Just to make sure we got a right The other that that people are big into it or out of it or underground Now that one guy to cold in about the piano case a funeral. I was sad yeah Been there But that's where it's out. I've come up with a diet. Let's see. He thought that smarty pan in this guy's refaxing could run a Kentucky Dooby pre-closed and dumb out again next year defend his triple crown. Oh, I see when you and I know horses run as four year olds It says what he better clarify next time sir because then our particular fact you like you who generally is Know's what you're talking about make yourself sound a little bit too stupid. You know we can't afford to look stupid Anishore He thought they could run the derby the pre-closed in a bell mod again next year four-year-old don't run in a Kentucky derby the pre-closed in a bell mod just like the fact you said big Oh idiot you know oh god. How can we put him on here? Has he got naked pictures of parents in the beast? Oh, that's all about How can we put him on here? It's not any idea what he's talking about God I can't wait to his expertise on the his take on the Stanley couple ever wins a game night, which of course it'll be the lightning and Brad Richards man Eckett is just a golden And every definition of the term and Brad Richards is God make no mistake next to Oh God, he's right up there. Are you following this? Little bit too sports intensive he will least it's not about Ronnie Reagan anyway. You ought to be a thrilled a death I can't wait to talk about Ronnie Funny Ray gun. Oh, I got a couple of three. I have three as a matter of fact skating articles you bastard. How could you do? Well, you'll see where we got talk about his particle bean weapon. Yeah, okay, and his particle bean hairdo too He had a better hairdo than some people we know that's the look at that stolen from deep. You can make your joke about that Kiwi shoe polish on you. What it was Paul made 27 pet none. No, no, no, the hon who was not it don't say a G either. He got very nervous when you said that That was another part of his great legacy. What a what a just you know, he was the great communicator because guess what boys and girls He was a movie actor. Oh no So I memorized the speech real well great 27 after 10 a Q a M the Emerald Coast South Florida's very best Asian buffet is just unimaginable a lot of Imotators out there, but the Emerald Coast is in a league of its own start out with any of their or all of their six different soups They're all fantastic like there are some young guy and you know, whatever they got They're one and then sample dozens of delicious on phrase including New York strip made awarded There's sizzling Asian grill and that brand new who non-fish in Joanne Lovs Do thermator style Jonah crab oysters on a half shell handcar primary their great new Thai special these two Their faith features a full salad bar full Chinese food lineup They're brand new sushi bar that even Greg might enjoy in a course fresh. See you cocktail And don't forget no MSG no corn starts no craft. They cook all other great stuff only with cluster off-re-worlds And because you deserve it. They've got a full desert station to featuring Belgian mobbles pies cakes pastries ice cream without your favorite toppings Even fresh root root and fruit they even have a watermelon all the time to Emerald Coast relocations for a pemberpine sunny hours and sunrise and don't forget about him A close this father's day. It's come up soon June 20. Sounds like two weeks from my yesterday Is that right? Yes, two weeks from in like I said so let them do the cooking for dad and cook up a feast for you and a whole family Take the family or book your next business such in theme of coast right now Take out a delivery always available. Vote at number one buys a get restaurant reviews and by WSVN news has south-load his best Asian buffet You try to once I guarantee you'll agree whether you're like a teeny little tiny person or one of those big fat slabs who loves the buffet is called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two You can't beat at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet You've looked at it now you can wear it on your face Jailers Grand derrière Hmm Just one day before the real on each chicken and you will experience the aroma of Jennifer Lopez It's time to win passes Let's After Every man wants his woman to have Jailers Jennifer Lopez Very here in the company's counter of a fine store near you look at her in a minute Anyway, here's a this reminds me this facie just sent me yeah, but a tombstone. It's his RIP supplied side trickle down food of ergonomics Reminds me that freckexler condos song ahead back in the I&Z days I think that was an input supply side trickle down What ergonomics I wish you still had that but then again if I play that people be all that's important taste new That's sacralidious. That's disrespectful. Yeah, too bad can't handle the truth See this is another part of the Cracked at the media keeps apparently under public and that is that every time somebody dies We have to immediately like you will judge them with the greatest of reverence even if we didn't like him or if they were like media Currahated them like poison all look quite frankly was a hell of a lot there than what we got now right top hat Reagan look what we got Anyway the tomstones is a placer trickle down food of ergonomics Wasteful spending on a massively arsenal creation of the largest detonation in history declaration of ketchup is events Well, that was a Nancy's idea by the way In fact every idea it was Nancy's idea come to find out Nancy probably got it from her psychic and astrologer Leaving us to legacy a bush one and two contributing to a unstable Middle East and increase in global terrorism And rest in pieces it's so on I mean, it should be a blessing if that when somebody has got all time as a specialist has been deteriorating the way he is and Keeping her like on the pins and needles for 10 years when somebody like that finally let's go you should say Right, 1993 how old is old enough? 90 Even That was bad Well, I don't know anybody there. Yeah, to head you know you're picking on my mother now Not that not not to pick on your mother now you're picking on my mom, but you have a good point And is jinn all ever gonna marry a heterosexual What a dick who is she kidding and what did I always tell you about Mark Anthony? It takes what an old man He looks like a screamer to me. Okay. Yeah, I always thought he looked like Skeletor first You had that dancer return that belly dancer who made Ron Reagan We need to see Ron Reagan Jr. Any more oh god honey, just please go back in and shut the door behind you There's one thing that's starting to really bug me. It's all these fake marriages and all the I I can't stand it If you want to stay in a closet okay do whatever you want But all these pony romance is in phony I mean the rock Hudson thing was back in the air and then when I was I like it as seven these maybe 60s or 70s when they had him hooked up and actually mirroring him off there for a little while that poor girl But why do we have to keep doing this I mean especially in this gay and and they in age Jennifer Lopez reportedly married Mark Anthony And a rest small ceremony at her home and I often they didn't have to have a big similar about this like what he had been after I guess they didn't have publicity and of course he already did have a wife supposedly Less than six months after she ended her high profile engagement to ben aflox So we had the ballet dancer. We had p-ditty who we know is a screamer We had the ben aflox we know is doing mad Damon and now we got Mark Anthony. I'm telling you right now. I'm out of corn Grande Both you as weekly in people magazines reported Saturdays and upsholes low-pizzish spokesman Rob Shooter told the AP Sunday that he had no immediate comment And neither magazine published comment for me their shooter are represented for Anthony For low-pizz duty for the marriage will marker through the first was to waiter or Johnny Noah that would oh I forgot about that when I was another one to call him or Johnny oh Johnny The second of the answer Chris Judd in 2001 who who actually now is out of a closet I guess Uh, and Noah lasted a little more than a year Judd for nine months Anthony the Latin singing sensation just divorced former misuniverse Diana Tudace last week in the La Tupica de Minicana The pair wet in 2002 young sons he has a daughter from a previous relationship right Maddy Cohn Low-pizz the singer-actress fashionista more famously known as J-low has kept her romance with Anthony 34 to Suddenly more low key than a regagement to Ben Affleck which was a magnet for a magnet for tabloid attention a faggot magnet As uh Junior say I would say The 18 month benefit romance featured a new year wedding but was scuttled at the last minute with a couple of Demi excessive media attention how many times did they scuttler about Well, Paz also famously did it Sean P. Did he combs back when he was still puppy for two years before the couple broke up in February 2001 but since he was puppy he got the shot and he got that thing fixed it's gone back down in normal size It was unclear when Anthony and Lopez were engaged the two first they did 1990 not have been seen together since Lopez is split from Affleck Lopez reportedly been wearing a dazzling new diamond engagement ring for several weeks. Well, what do you do? Okay, thank god we have to have a big Simis and Song of Dance about that because quite frankly Nobody cares J-low. Nobody cares. Okay. Here's the first pull. Better get to it because we got to today. Don't do what? Huh, don't do what all? Pull one since 1960. Who do you think was our best president? And of course it's up there already so we got some votes. Let's take a peek Clinton 53 J a P 16 Reagan a dozen Nixon five Carter five LBJ two four one bush two one and bush one has got oh You got two bushes on there between the two of them. They got one That's like a half a vote of peace out of the first 95 votes. That's not too simulating what I would say That's pretty weak, huh? Well the free person hasn't gotten on there yet They're just for zebra's creepers forget about the free person. Okay. I'll be making excuses now and you know as well Designed that Reagan's holding out a dozen for one reason. What is that he's dead? He's dead. He's just croaked And everywhere you're looking here. Here you go for time and this outpouring of support that you mentioned from Democrats What Democrats like Senator Edward Kennedy says that while they disagree with a lot of president Reagan's policy He never stole a freight train That's what they say. He stole a couple of horses out there in Hollywood the great communicator And while some of the other actors were busy like really in combat during WW2. He was busy acting To be in combat Right, well that's almost like being in combat. Yeah, that's close enough sure Well, we'll get to those skating stories and then you'll say oh you faster How can you do that everybody else is paying their respects? I don't have any respect for him none Zero zippity do dot and in fact he was the one who planted the seeds the people behind him and him They planted the seeds for this fascism that we had today. This was the beginning of the end For what we used to know as America this was the beginning of this grotesque experiment To the far right which we thought at the moment was just an aberration but come to find out When it couldn't hang on what you know last time around they just decided to steal it Because there was too much sure money up for grabs 24 11 at 560 WC and we got Kim Bo Kipper for my dog at two block can't stand those people at the work here be day you know Hank old bird the hopper will be a chulestate two of my me lakes Hold a cell. I'm sure I'll play the stay about smarty Jones and then the big oh Was waiting for next year's rematch in the triple crown races Orlando else the Gary who knows nothing about any sport He'll be on at seven any K at 10 and ice clean the slate there as the marlins are gonna be moving on to Cleveland To tackle those Indians and you know what our president said Abu Ghara rape is nothing like tackling him. He's human that from Teddy Roosevelt Some are time in South Florida guarantees three things heat humidity in hurricanes You can't control the weather like it is right now just like the end of the world is what to report I'm getting It's sunny in 75 right here, but you can control how you protect your hum during hurricane season Florida new coat hurricane shutters installed shutters and over 3000 homes in South Florida over the past decade from panels the courty and ruled out or Bahamas shutters Florida new coat hurricane shutters makes it easy for you to select a hurricane protection at your home needs Call nine five four eight six eight forty nine thirty five for your free home estimate If you own a two-story home, you know how much trouble it is. It's a real pain in the ass When you have to put up a ladder to get those shutters up But Florida new coat now offers you a new steel panel system designed to be installed from the inside On your second floor windows are forget about that ladder and brick in your neck The leaving give you credit for your existing hurricane protection toward any new purchase to it Just look out to window when you'll understand hurricane season really is upon us so call Florida new coat hurricane shutters today while you still have time call nine five four eight six eight forty nine thirty five that's nine five four eight six eight forty nine thirty five Florida new coat hurricane shutters have been providing South Florida Hurricane protection over the past decade Look over here sports video five sixty two a 2 a m Oh, no way next hell introducing the camera phone for pictures you don't want anyone to see no Tell wireless introduces the USO B69 camera phone take pictures of your dog your girlfriend your girlfriend and your dog Yourself in a motel six covered with gasoline or a pyramid of make it prisoners the USO B69 features blocked Call her ID so clearly voicemail encrypted text message and a two-way button that lets you instantly connect with your mistress book Your prostitutes plus get five hundred sex line minutes and unlimited night in weekend cheating Sign up today and you can hook up tonight get the no tell USO B69 your marriage $200 like me'll be required or both in the photos to your wife roaming via fly if you stray outside your marriage Well coverage to adequately your ass. Oh, I'm I'm gonna hurry today. You know what I'm a man on a mission What I'm just stepping all over the insides. I rarely do that. I like you generally kind of like Subact a little can't that here's a fact that says from one of our weirdy chronic factors. I'm about a sympathetic to Reagan's passing And see what to be tensed of thousands of sinners who died from AIDS during his term They were just bags anyway. Of course not of the news models who've been masturbating furiously Sincerity will have nothing good to say about Bubba when his time comes Letterman's been showing the clip of Ascroth singing let the Eagles saw or some written by the attorney general himself for the past three years It takes nothing away from Michael Moore. I'm pretty wondering sticks into the right wing but good Well actually I was wrong about the abelmont Let's see Reagan died at 409 Saturday and a Belmont was at six or 45 thereabouts That's what I apologize. Let's get it right. Okay. Let's not be like the big oh But I can't wait for a smarty don't succumb back as an eight year old run on the adurbi again Man see if you don't know anything about hockey horse racing any of these other things if you just a typical football Nerd and just stick to what you know a little bit about and I do me a little bit. Oh, you know the same Speak in a ashcraw yeah, and that facts you got it right where you can go and watch the whole thing right I'm watching it during the break Scariest thing I've ever seen in my life not even close really oh yeah even scarier than the a be hitting video Nick bird Yeah, wow yeah See we have a audio end video here at the site Oh my god So Since 1960 who do you think was our best present? We'll turn it around and do the worst starting in noon Our second pull you know we were gonna do that didn't you sure? We yeah 166 votes on his already Clinton 96 We love you. I've come on back his book comes out June 22 by the way I will read it As a poet I still got Helris it in here remember the pages are right on the air a few yeah, that's all I read. Oh, oh, oh, man Jf 128 you don't have a fireplace do you no Reagan 24 but I can throw off my balcony Reagan 24 Nixon six Carter five bush two is got four now. All right is making a move Like this drive LBJ two four one and bush one is got That is scary He was the first big oh, I'd like that none I'm sure we're gonna get a lot of calls you was driving president Reagan the day because he was a great American a great communicator a wonderful spokesman for general electric that was back in his liberal days when he was the president of the American Screen Actors Guilden was very pro union was involved right up to his earlobes and then all of a sudden He got into a cab one day and somebody said to him hey how about being a Republican and becoming a right-wing fanatic He said sure no problem. He said you just write the script non-memorizer like he wouldn't believe to come out of my lips like butter Ensure enough it did And all of a sudden became virally anti-labor. I wonder how the air traffic controllers are viewing his passing In fact, I wonder how all of between him and Carter all that deregulation sure did this a lot of good in it Oh, yeah, I was in there. I was in there Airlines doing by the way Oh, I'm flying just fine. Aren't they doing well? Oh, we're flying WCW and hello Yeah, sir you're so right about the get the Yeah, how many scummy things that this guy did even before he did this switch? He was actually during the McCarthy era He was one of the actors. There was actually snitching or or finger in a lot of people are forgetting He was pointing the finger at a lot of the other actors. He was working for the man as far back as then right and And all these media that it's over the weekend in this entire week in this coverage This is the same media that rolled over and played dead when they were bumping around the Reagan movie off the television I'll see it is right and they had a firm enough to a No, whatever nobody watched right exactly public can't handle the truth man We don't want the truth getting out there and if anything is too close to the truth right We're just getting together. We're gonna buy cop. We're gonna do you know and they make sure they don't put it on They'll crush you they'll crush you also the factor stole some of my thunder. This guy wouldn't even mention the word Yeah, you know when he when he finally broke down when his good friend rock Hudson died Then all of a sudden he took a turn and he developed a different altitude even though of course He had this classic queen son Right, I didn't see how they actually had some bozos today saying that this guy was so charismatic So attractive he said the only person he thinks you might be able to hold a candle was Jay and I almost drove off the road Good luck to us, Pally. Give it up. Neolana. Have a great day. Here's Steve Gillier. Are'd right to son our Website today the real legacy of Ronald Reagan. This is the first of three of these I have and if you think it's disrespectful Let's do a freaking bad, okay It's about time that somebody as usual and we try to give you a little alternative viewpoint about the reality of life on his show As opposed to just hopping on a bandwagon and jumping Oh, yes, he was the greatest he was the great communicator and he was so wonderful and he had the star wars and all of a sudden a crap right That trickle down. Yeah, really trickle right down everybody's pants Steve Gillier writes the hacky algorithm. He started as soon as they announced Reagan's death How he ended the cold war how he was a decisive leader all this nonsense about Reagan, which is just ridiculous The British have a tradition when someone dies their newspaper over to where he tells the truth Americans like to say something kind about the dead no matter how scummy they were even Nixon got a halo in death We're only hundred Thompson- reminded people exactly who he was and how the honors given him were well wrong This deification Reagan began as soon as Clinton took office There's been pressure to name everything but rest stop toilets act of this man Some right wing cranks wanted to add him to Mount Rushmore as if the art didn't exist They forced his name on an unhappy Washington DC by renaming the airport still called by many national So let's get past all the mold and bullshit the discuss with Reagan really did and don't forget they attempt to put him on the time and get FDR off There even though the march of diamonds was all about an FDR thing for polio I mean Ed any rate goes on to save Huh? Which you didn't even know about that because it was before your time the march of time But nevertheless I heard about it First Reagan wrote a power on a waiver reaction to the civil rights struggle California state with a deep well of racial resentment supported Reagan who would protect the establishment and call for students to be murdered on their campuses Reagan was regarded as a crank by many on the left But as a peeled the middle America was strong It wasn't that Reagan was erasist as far as is known he wasn't but he sure could pander them as he did in 1984 Philadelphia Mississippi For those of you unaware that's the place three civil rights workers are murdered by the clan It would be like a British Prime Ministerial candidate going to air arm Amherstard to talk about the glory of the British army the set of a 1921 massacre of peaceful Indian protesters Reagan pander to the racist right with ease even as very goldwater the man he's imported 1964 with a convention speech slowly back the way for many of his reaction to reviews Instead Reagan depicted blacks as well for a queen's leaching off the society while in reality White women are the largest recipients of AFTC Reagan used race like a club to hammer minorities and pander to the racist right We do ask what have Reagan rock his economic policies crippled this country preventively kind of long-term structural changes Which are still needed how long will American business have to put the bill for health insurance? How long will unequal funding for schools exist? How long will the right of women to control their bodies be subject to restrictions? This is the real domestic legacy of Ronald Reagan his breaking of the Pat coast strike began to rot to anti-union policies across business Once businesses wanted labor peace after Reagan strike making was permitted he had encouraged Reagan began the road of crippling America's ability to care for Americans now We had this failed trickle down economic policy pushed by yet another prison one at least Americans in record dead record bankruptcies Instead of tax rates which fairly distribute the burden of American funding The rich have been encouraged to avoid their fair share Ronald Reagan began the bankrupting of American The creation of a super wealthy CEO class One where their great grandchildren will never have to work and a aristocracy of first-of-furriance under Reagan hypocrisy and selfishness became the rule of the road Not just in public life, or has staff routinely lied eventually leading to a random contra But if Reagan started to ruin America his foreign policy left the dead around like fallen leaves his foreign policy was a disaster by any standard Dead nuns in El Salvador murdered school teachers Nicaragua the tortured in Argentina the seizure of grenade Grenada the failed invention in Lebanon the aerial assassination temp-on canopy which led to the bombing of pan-am flight 103 Reagan's policies let the trial of fatigued disaster and every turn How do we explain funding the deeply corrupt countries former some of some of Seast the generals who funded their way by the drug trade who murdered the innocent or the war in Guatemala on the genocide of the Indian population Or the war in El Salvador where American nuns among many others were raped and murdered a government so callous that it murdered an archbishop in his church Reagan's foreign policy left the trail of death and fear wherever it touched But Iran comfort was the defining moment despite a congressional prohibition on either the conference a group inside the White House decided to circumvent the law so ineptly and so completely we've end up arming your ran and getting a few hostages held a love it on release We also sold chemical and biological weapons to Iraq while Sodom murdered thousands the US government was his ally even after 34 sailors were murdered by an Iraqi Excessed missile we still back saw them no governmental outrage no demands on Sodom Like the liberty incident we turned our backs and hope for the best Reagan and his conservative Hagiax refers have wanted to claim his massive defense build up broke their Soviet the broke the Soviets Which rips the bravely encourage of the text these Germans who finally overthrew their dictatorial governments Reagan also embraced Angolan you need a leader Jonas Savimbe the puppet of the racist South African regime He repeatedly refused to back away from the Spice South Africa's notorious and leader turned out mad racial policies Not until 1988 when the Cuban army decisively defeated the SAD effort quit a kind of audience Angola did the war end The US turd its back as the South African sponsored renamo massacre their way across Mozambique No one knows how many Africans died in the wars of South Africa but US complicity with the racist regime of South Africa helped extend their lifespan And no point did Reagan do anything to stop this Silent complicity was the hallmark of Reagan's policy toward dictatorship from Indonesia to El Salvador where the innocent died in the US said nothing Did nothing except make their lives worse We backed the guerilla groups in Afghanistan fighting the most radical ones and then leaving the country in disarray Reagan's legacy is a dark one one of backing murderers and robbing Americans of a fairer future It wasn't that he was an evil man or a bad one It's what he believed in what he supported caused so much pain and misery for so many people who led a little bit of result of his policy I think that says it pretty well Didn't over your last bar hair It didn't say nothing about his hair to and about that great star wars program. Yeah, go on They just wouldn't have missed it all up particle beam weapon. And of course those the psychics man if worth for those psychics and psychics 1056 at five 60 W Q a m with a heat of the summer here That was a great time to get out of that car you've been driving and get yourself into a great new Toyota from Armstrong Toyota of homestead There are US one just 20 minutes out of eight thirty six well worth your drive no matter where you are because they're gonna save you Thousands and Zillions on great new Toyota's and with rising gas prices Maybe you want to car with more fuel economy the legendary Toyota Corolla can be yours for just eat 11 990 or Lisa for just 209 a month Need a great Toyota for that college or high school graduate? How about the Toyota Echo least price it just one ninety nine need a truck to V6 Toyota Thunder regular camp can you be yours for just 239 a month looking for a hottest new cars around check out the Corolla XR S and solar convertible now in stock at Armstrong Toyota homestead They're locally owned and I pray to the committed to making you a happy camper and their service department is even over late to late week nights To make sure they get all your service work done for you keep in mind that Armstrong Toyota homestead was the first even Ropu free tires and batteries for life and now They're the first to walk for your free replacement parts for life. You heard correct tires batteries and free parts for life Nobody know where it does that so forget about wasting time schlepping all over those big negative is with their streaming car spots Who'd lie like crazy and get you into the division under phony prime up pretense See our friend David rich the GM at Armstrong Toyota homestead today for an honest goodness unbeatable deal Drive a little save a lot of money and that great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of homestead Oh I'm gonna change the face of sports radio egg in Alabama oh I get lunch to do here cooked it in the same three toilets is about sports and sports and out of sports. I even got lots of money and comedy things. Coach, coach, coach, coach, coach, I'm a coach ahead. Stop, don't have to go back. Take that, no. Don't kick on, stop, stop. I'm the star now with my old two-cell and I was a star. You watched up. Now you're a bum. You can't hit me, no, go. You can't hit me, no, go. You can't hit me, no, go. You're on the radio, Yamorah. Oh, my, my, my. Hey, look, maybe I was a little little line. The things I said, it, you're like that. Yeah, it was. And I'm not gay. You are right now. And it is no fairness. That big fat old guy they stuck me with kisses me like they used to do. But he's not you. Ah, that's how sweet you make me almost want to come back with you. guilty. Yes, but they my life was filled with joy. guilty. And now what's going to come up and go? You're my best side kick and foil. I miss how you talk like dust boil. You're guilty. Yes, but hold you. I miss you. You do. Ah, oh, oh. That shit's out of the back. Yamorah, he's eating. Oh, oh. I ain't like it. That's not a show that's seen. That does it with your other good side. You're my way. Not the end of my life. You little man who made me come to kill you with a fuck. Are you a stud? You feel better. Oh, oh. Level 3 of 560 WQM. Bocaimper for a minute. It should too. The Humper is for from Shulal State 2 and I'm in likes to big. Oh, 780K10. No ballgame that 8 marons have the day off. Well, those are. Here's the fact that says speaking of Clinton, and you catch his appearance at his kick off at the book to run a C-Span last week. Great performance, hell of a guy. Did you catch it? No, no, no. It's in. Susimclips. PS Reagan was bought and on by the Bank of America. They California-based financial institution. I needed Reagan to pull off the national bank. The regulation legislation gets who bought him his ranch. Oh, no. That's that religious, don't you think? Oh, yeah. That's bad. We want to invite everybody to call in and share with us their fondest memories of a person at Ronnie Ray Gunn. Right? We're going to utilize him. We're going to utilize him fantasize and whatever. WQM, hello. Hey, help me. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, a lot of the attributes are all the hangar of these poor forms. I'll say who makes any stickers that's taking noon, and I guess you should be trying to sort of... Speak right or right. Oh, God. You know, happy talking. He's this. He's that. Turn the channel. Okay. Thank you. That's really nauseating. I haven't been bringing back James Watt and all of these old hangar's on from those nasty right wing days. In fact, that would be a great opportunity to bring back that picture from 83 again, where Rumsfields of it are shing hands with Sonam. The one that we had on our website, which is probably still near the archive somewhere. Right. Yeah. While he was, you know, now we're lamenting, oh, and Sonam gas the courage with chemicals. Of course, that we sold to him. And of course, we stood by and said nothing. Zero. Well, he was gasing his own people and gasing the Iranians, which, of course, we would light it because that's why we sold them to chemicals in the first place is to kill those snake and Iranians. Wasn't that like a 93 or something the curd day? The curds? The curds of the word? The 93? Whatever it was. Yeah. Nobody said anything about it while it was happening. Right. Wouldn't care that. Reagan was the original forest gump who struck lucky. Right. Trevor Royal and the Sunday Harold in Scotland. Even the Scottish, he got the killts and upper about this. And their knickers too. And their panties that they're probably wearing under their kills, but who the whole wants to find out. Oh, man. Trevor Royal, right. It was fitting perhaps that Ronald Reagan died on the eve of the D-day celebrations unlike other Hollywood actors such as Jimmy Stewart, who gave up Tinsal Town to fly for the West Army Air Force, Reagan remained an actor, not a doer. Later in life, before Alzheimer's disease, Kruly felt him, he called the one, writing into the sunset another Hollywood cliché. He would tell his ready politicians that he remembered seeing the liberated concentration cancer of the Second World War. It sounded good, but too bad that he wasn't wearing uniform at the time but was working for a documentary unit. He wasn't there. In that sense, there was always more than a touch of Vodrill about Reagan. He was a bad actor who knew his limitations. Not for him, Gary Cooper's heroic sheriff, Roland Hein-Nune, a White House favorite for successive presidents, and not for him the youthful John Wayne and John Ford's coach, two movies which helped to define 20th century America. He was always on the outside looking in, the minor bit player who was always small town America. Perhaps because he saw himself as a patriot, a fourth company for his time, he allied himself with the McCarthy fact and enjoy those Hollywood bigots who lined themselves up against anything that's macta of communism and the pearls of the Soviet Union at the head of the Cold War in the early 50s. It was unworthy of him and unworthy of the country at the time, but it marked him and he had not entered politics. He could have ended up a bad actor who chose bad politics. What propelled him in the arena was a mixture of hubris and necessity, from the governorship of California, he found himself in a White House in 1981, the Cold War was in full swing and for the Republicans he was the man or cipher to fight their last long battle against the forces of evil. In Water Reagan's first public appearances he forgot that the microphone was live, and announced to his astonished audience that the missiles were about to be fired. Yet out of that fellow cosy the lion learned to live with the lambs with Macauld Gorbachev the president of the Soviet Union who was committed to Ruprochman he forged an unlikely friendship. Out of their discussions in Iceland in 1986 the Cold War gradually thought and iced the ice turned to look warm water. He was the man of contradictions who was easy to mock. Famously he addressed Prince's Diana as Prince David, and the retams when he believed that the Middle East was postman of soda in the Midwest. But this much maligned president was not just a balloon which is enemies painted him, too he dirtied himself with the Iran Congress scandal in this foreign policies owed more to the nationation of the Pentagon than any person knowledge, but in that sense he was probably no worse than the president in combat. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Ronald Reagan knew how to keep a hands-off approach to the administration for good and for ill, but whatever else his critics might say about him he knew how to meet the moment. When the space shuttle challenger crashed in 1986 taking the lives of seven astronauts he turned not to platitudes but the poetry. There's only one problem with the story. If we get one in half and he turned to his press secretary's head always that them over the school teacher Ronald. Not that he was out of touch you on his hand. Was that the one with the school teacher Ronald? Oh yeah. That's the one. Wow. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. It's tribute Ronnie Reagan day here on the New Roger show. Oh. Since 1960, who do you think was our best president? We've got two 305 votes and Clintons got 1951. How do you like that? Communists, the Communists, the Clintons got 1951. JFK 44, Reagan 41 and the only reason Reagan's got 41 as well he's dead. I mean they got Reagan coming out of a very part of their body now after this weekend. Man, you can't go anywhere. Oh, they're talking about the G8 summit. Reagan won't be there. There's something. We get a momentary reprieve. Reagan 41. Nixon 8. Bush 28. That's W. Carter 7. L. B. J. Bush 1 has got a pair in the Gerald Ford 2. Who's not right. Just as we speak trying to chew gum and walk at the same time. Oners, Lauren, W. Look at that at the G80 economic summit. Isn't that that's something? Just take a look at that. Lost into the headlights to look at his push huh? You may not think good but at least he's consistent Mr. I'll tell you that right now. You he then bastard. W. K. W. And hello. W. K. And hello. K. And. Ronnie Reagan line. W. K. And hello. Oh, Yeah, you got the flag. Okay, thank you. Thank you very much. Back at you. That was junior sale. I recognized that voice anywhere. 5. 6. So 5. 60 pound 5. 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. W. K. W. And hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how about ice now? You had one year in 1960. And what we're talking about after the 60 left. You know what we're talking about? Get out here. Quit and click nip pick it. Okay. How about ice now? We're talking about since 1960 election. I mean, if we have to be praised the pool. We won't. You know exactly what we're talking about. Okay, we're talking about since after Eisenhower. Since after I like hike and all of that crap. Get with it. There was another rocket scientist for you. There Eisenhower, man. Wow. Couldn't even speak the language. Put that again. When you're in South Florida, you have a lot of company when you can't speak language. You probably was very popular in South Florida general Eisenhower. See, generally, some will Eisenhower. Well, look what a great job he did there in, for example in Korea, right? I'm sorry. And what about Douglas MacArthur? There's another great general who shall not return, right? Will return? Or did he return? Yeah, he returned. No, he just kind of like what's his name on the MTA, poor Charlie on the MTA. He never returned. That's what the Kingston trio said. 11 passed 11 at 560. W. K. W. A. Was your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs? Well, let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people's idea of business. Payroll administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits. Human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing can govern to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free of adoration at 1-866-866-866-866-866-747. With more than 60,000 employees worldwide, Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Oasisourcing is being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice, which lets you focus on your core business while even the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business a hell of a lot more profitable. If you'd like your free of adoration, would know obligation give them a call toll free at 1-866-866-866-866-866-747 for Oasis outsourcing. 9. 10. 6. 4. 2. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8. 6. 8. 7. 8. Ohhhh! Lingaloy's game every escaping team he shows us we would get a team that works at the end of the world. If you're a homophobic or a revubicon, it's coming to a theater and possibly a family near you. Yay! After tomorrow. There's a title layer of homosexuals coming as you right now! There's a woman cry! Put that in the hell word! Oh my god! It's the entire line of the drama! The legalization of game average is sweeping across the planet. Cononet after combat. Nation after nation. State after state. Well just one state so far but that's just the beginning. The star everywhere! My job! It's been gone over it! Oh my god! I can't believe it! There's even a fear once we've got our coals! Starting years ago with Ellen's generous. Now it's a homophobic event of global proportion. It's the epic saga of one man's desperate struggle to prevent the whole world from becoming J or tolerating anyone who is George W. Wood stars in the biggest plunk monster of the summer. Yay! After tomorrow. Either when it comes out and theaters this summer. You're gay! 11 16 at 560 you see that last call to the same thing. Oh well you since 1960 you left an hour you're off for Eisenhower. See what I mean? Yeah. You made a mistake! No we didn't. Everybody knows exactly what we're talking about. Since the end of 1960. Since January 21st or whatever that date was 1961 and Kennedy was inaugurated. Okay. Nick Picker, nose picker. Go pick this. All right. Back to me. On here. Oh and you know what I wanted to play again? In fact I think I'm going to play it every hour. The trailer from Fahrenheit 9 11. You couldn't make people do anything. It's their freedom. Today's thinking action is closed. All of the airports in the United States. All commercial and airline traffic was rounded. But we had some airplanes authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up the summer. But in the last family members to transport the largest country. Little of the war. Corporations. Exciting to hold the time. We figured out how much money to be made. What is that for the oil's blood flowing? It's going to be a loss of money. Whatever it costs that everyone would date. It's going to be a big business for the people. Time is from a kind of good number of the time. I think they're kids who are most in the army and go over to Iraq. The U.S.A.T. treat acts allows researchers of medical and financial records. It gives long course almost a limited power. The way to the middle of the night is printed in the middle of the night. How to Congress have to pay for it acts without even reading it. It's still down to myself. We don't read most of the bills. No one read. No one read. Remember the Congress? This is my one more. I like to read you. It was a major idea. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I do the streets of Ps crashes. And then the moment with grandfather Col Todby dies. You did a great job. W antic you do you Ho! After their death toll, they invested the money across the Tone stocks. There's money like you've got to be with them for one day the reason why the Galg missile was a powerful villain to keep the bomb forward. to stop these charers killers. That was just right. Now that it was dinner near you on Friday, June 25th, two weeks from this Friday, Fahrenheit 9-11. Can't wait. One of the saddest things that I have ever seen in my life was the way they booed him when he accepted the Academy Award for Best Documentary for Boeing for Columbine. Transric. There's one guy at the balls head of paper over the years how many different people a Zinninab have gotten up and made some kind of a speech that nothing would Hollywood or the award, right? All the time. But it was about the Indians and little princes some are flower, but all the time it happens. But here's a guy that gets up there. For Crano, allow it. I mean, right in line with the documentary, what was all about? What America has become? And they're booing in there. Yeah, I mean, there were some people cheering, but there was this loud cacabony of booing because here's a guy that got up and said something that was P-I politically incorrect. Howard Kurtz writes, 15 years later, they're re-making of a president. He's got a stud right on this one. The uplifting tone with which journalists are utilizing Ronald Reagan is obscuring a central fact of his presidency, he had a very contentious relationship with the press. Most reporters like to give her personally was hard not to, but often depicted him as detached out of touch, a stubborn ideologue. Sand Donaldson, Helen Thomas and company would do battle in those prime time Eastern news conferences that Reagan relished, and he would deflect their toughest questions with an awshox grin and a shake of the head. Major news papers would run stories on all the facts he had mangled. A practice that faded as if he came clear that most Americans were not terribly concerned. The media dubbed him the Teflon president was not meant as a compliment either. Reagan was quite simply a far more controversial figure in his time than the largely gushing obits on television would suggest. He took a pounding in the press after his first tax cut when a deep recession forced unemployment to 10% and drowned the budget in red ink. He was widely portrayed as uninformed and uninterested in details, the man who said trees caused pollution and must-fail the recognizes on housing secretary. He was often described as lazy just an actor, a man would rather be, a person to his California ranch and love the good midday nap. His 1983 invasion of grenade was not universal or ploughed, especially after his spokesman told a press today before that that the idea was preposterous and as withdrawing the Marines from Lebanon after 241 were killed in a bombing brought blistering at a toiles. He was often depicted as a rich man's president with little feeling for the poor as symbolized by the administration's ketchup as a vegetable school lunch debacle. The trackers said he was presiding over the greed decade. During the 1984 campaign, Reagan stood in front of a senior citizen's project filled under a program he tried to kill, but his aids didn't care concluding that the pictures were more important than the report is contrary words. During list had a field day digging into administration corruption. Senior officials in the EPA in housing and urban development department along with Wax White House aid Michael Deaver and National Security Advisor Robert McFarlane were convicted various offenses to fence secretary Casper Weinberger was indicted, but later pardoned by the first president Bush. Reagan's sighting with the Nick Ragwin Rebels was enormously divisive and negative coverage of the Rand Conqueror scandal devoured much of the second term. Crisis plummeting president's hands-off style said a 1986 Washington post article by Luke Cannon, Reagan's biographer. His triumphs of course were extensively chronicled as well they left office at 87 on a renewed wave of popularity. But the great communicator quickly figured out was that he could deliver his message over the heads of the Washington press corps often decried at the time as medium in impulation but now an accepted staple of spin-laden politics. Why was much of the coverage of Reagan so different from the way he's being revered today? Is it because many journalists were liables upon by his conservative philosophy? That may have been a factor but something more fundamental as it worked, something also on display in the days after Richard Nixon's death when Watergate was relegated to sidebar status. There's an actual tendency in the media to say nice things after someone's died, but more important to president's legacy looks very different 15 years after he leaves the White House and following a long illness that took him out of a political war as. No one knew when Reagan stepped down that his military build up would all believe player role need a rise of the evil empire he wield against. Quittix announced his legacy of record-shattering budget deficits, but the resulting economic boom such shortfalls came to view as less dramatic and other sound of how Reagan redefined the political debate. The press by its nature tends to get down in the weeds of day to day controversies that he president, but when a protagonist is off the stage in the camera pulls back, a brighter picture emerges in the setbacks tend to fade from memory. What has left are the bigger accomplishments and the inspirational qualities that Reagan brought to office. Bill Clinton is unlikely to benefit from such a cultural ceasefire when his memoirs are published this month, if only because not enough time as passances turbulent presidency. In his 1980 book on Bended Knee, author Mark Hurtsstad, complied that Newton News Accounts generally failed to make clear the real world implications of Reagan's inability or unwillingness to distinguish back from fiction. That so many journalists seem to have changed their view in 2004, may represent Reagan's final triumph over the press. Pretty good article for Howard Kurtz who's generally kind of wishy-washing Amy, Tammy, it's all these things. Well, you go, how he? You go, how he? You go, tell it, hurts, how he hurts? He's what he blurtz? Well, you know, you guys are all about your faggotz anyway, so what do you know? Since 1960, course, that's on your sports station. That's what Junior Sail would tell you. You're all much of faggotz. He's not, but you're all about your faggotz. He's waning with God of the Railkinds and teeming with people of all kinds. He's got that belly dancers son, but he couldn't under the word age because, oh, that was a fag thing. You know, I wonder what the hell he thought when Rock Hudson got AIDS? What was there going through his mind? Probably not much. When's that time, Mommy? I thought of my head, jelly. Yeah. Oh, there's Mommy, but I read dressed. Just say, no. Penancey. See, I guess Bush, uh, W. got even with her when he said, just said, no, to a stem cell research. Then he'll teach you a thing or two Nancy, would you just say no to drugs? Just say no to sex. Just say no to anything. And now they're making her like a big deal. You know, I have to feel for it. And as you had to go through the 10 years of taking care of this, daughter-in-law, Dying guy with Alzheimer's. That was tragic, but other than that, she was an idiot. A bubble head, a simple one. Golden, pathetic. Am I leaving anything out? Bad person. That's what her psychic told me. She said she was p-thedic. How's that pull coming? We'll change it at noon. We'll change it to the worst. Maybe you got a word of different, just to make that one collar happy. Oh, no, they know what we're talking about. Oh, you left out the last year of Ike, you know, I kind of good mom would make it that second heart attack. Man, I mean, I don't want to go into it now. I'm just thinking that people we select is our leaders. Well, in our particular goofballs, people couldn't put it together, good sense. That's why Kennedy and Reagan and Clinton stand out of all of these other heads and shoulders because if nothing else, at least they could speak. Yep. They were articulate. They could actually speak the language. I mean, Nixon could speak too, but generally speaking, you don't want to hear it. Evil. Yeah, evil like written all over that dark faces. You know what the dark shadows? 118 votes since 1960, who do you think was our best president Clinton 257. Oh, I had a boy, Baba. Reagan 66. Oh, look at that. He's moving to the second place now. Just to get even with me. JFK 57. Bush 2. That's W. It's got 11. Nixon 10. Carter 7. LBJ 5. Bush 13. And Ford 2. But Bush 1. He'd like to too much today. Huh? No. Mead my lips. How am I went? Only Democrats got to come up with Michael Duke cock as baby. Only the Democrats could have outwimped, well, whipped and whipped Bush 1. 27 after 11 at 5.60 WDQM if you're still a little bit nervous about it. A bed over the phone because it is a big investment. For 25 years, millions of people have been doing like I always do dial 1 800 MATT RES for the best deal all the way around. The lowest prices on the best brands in betting. The easiest possible way to get it right, night sleep. There's absolutely no risk because of it's not perfect in every way. Just call them back for a full coverage exchange and it's completely free within 30 days. Boss, third man. No extra fees. No strings attached. DALMAX RIS is ranked no more than customer satisfaction. And there were winners of the 2004 better business bureau local torture excellence award. When you call 1 800 mattress, you get the best prices going on the best brands with library on your schedule and the best customer service in the business. Why would you waste any of your time, schlepping from showroom to showroom? DALMAX RIS has the complete line of all the top names in the business. See Lee, sir, to King Carl Simmons, temper, pedic even stirrens and foster a hewitt. From Kenilastewer Palm Beach to four Myers DALMAX RIS will deliver for you the finest betting going around. But you need to do what I always do along with everybody else at QAmy, even the slippers. Make that one easy call it's the smartest pieces shopping you can ever do. Just pick up the instrument and call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES. Your log on to mattress.com right now. My local this is 560. The rainbow yours. PUEAN. Tonight on Fox it's the long-awaited conclusion of American Idol. The both of them talent America's focus. Yes star George Bush sings the ho. He moves on the chorus. Walking around tonight. Walking around. Walking around. Let's just get ready. I've got the best. Talking about my jet. I get a rating. Before we grow old. Talking about my jet. I get a rating. I get a rating. What do you think of me? You just was terrible dude. Terrible. You are the worst thing in the world. Nice voice. Thanks. Very nice. A conclusion of American Idol. A couple of congratulations. You're now a good intelligence. That's a fact. And I'm fast. I'm 32. 20. I'm 32. I'm 32. I'm 32. I'm 32. Why you're ripping a Reagan. Because he was a Republican. You don't like any Republicans. Well that's not true. I love a Blinken. Yeah. Teddy Roosevelt. Like a Milit. They were Republicans. Any other Republicans we like? No. I'm talking about Presence. He had President. Yeah. Probably won't be. Especially with that thing on his face. But in any rate. I mean, look at all the great Republican presidents. He had Warren G. Harding. He had Calvin Coolidge. Herbert Hoover. Ike. Dick Nixon. Gray. Gerald Ford. Right. George Bush the one. Of course, look what we got now. Pop had Reagan. We got look what we got. Uh-huh. Vita L'Nhalendale with kind of acute factors is. Dear Mr. and sensitive. It's just like you to mock America as we mourn our loss. These are prandises over. We may not see a new episode for a year. So show some compassion for God's sake. Don't get how many day go get you. What? Breast ball. Come on. There you go. You tell him. Damn it. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. I was talking the start into that thing. There's no point going in. What about the kind of people that we. Well, first of all, the choices are usually bad. But yet Eisenhower was a war hero against the Adley Stevenson. He was just an egghead and he was a divorce. And he was a bald, you know, all of these things. He was an intellectual. Today's is that I think our long since gone. I mean, Woodrow Wilson, if he was running right now, he'd have two chances. None and much less than none. We like bosos now. We like woon dummies. Because most of us can relate to that. Speaking of dummies. Do you see? But he now understands. There's kind of leaves. Oh, I got to play that kind of leaves. Kind of leaves. I remember the words we can karaoke it. Yeah. That old Chevron deal. 560 pound 560 on the E-60. On the AT&T in Verizon. See, that was just the beginning. Little did we realize that was just the old cute tip of the iceberg. But I kind of leaves a crap and kiss a good morning. All that stuff. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Uh, hi, you. Yes. Uh. Okay. What was that? That must have been her call waiting. Okay. Let's be generous and assume it was her call waiting. Now what it sounded like to you? No. What did it sound like? Hang up. No. No. No. No. No. No. 560 pound 560. No. 560 pound 560. It was a lady actually called back please. We'd our if you're phone and working. Or maybe there was that McMan with you $10,000. Which if that's the case you won't call back. Dammit. W-Q-A-M-Hello. Yeah. Talk to Neil. Speaking. Neil. What's up, Ralph? How you doing, pal? Good, Ralph. Hey. You talking about President Reagan. You're not like giant carriers. They're like the challenger accident. Whatever. Keep pressing people to have that shuttle go up with that school teacher. Right. Cause he had a speech on the... He's not gonna... The inaugural address is coming right. Exactly. He had a speech on the education to press that, dude. And when it was up, dude, and then also, no. Yeah. No, we have to. all the school teachers pulls on my plans right exactly and then the the parents my brother-in-law was a marine in Lebanon in the early 80s when they blew up those 200 something Marines of all four year old yeah he was there he pulled them out he pulled them out which was to me there's a coward which proved to me that he pulled them out because you know we get blown up get pulled out now you see it in our rack you see all we're gonna blow up these people we're gonna everyone in the United States gonna see their young sons and daughters getting murdered they're gonna pull them out so you know here on me bro okay I did see it too okay you too see it the funeral palmy and what about Movedisha we kind of like pulled out of there real quick too didn't we yeah turn-picked one right now huh shouldn't have been there in the person well that's the way well we should have been in a rack in a first place but that's beside a point we should be a lot of places but we tend to be in places that we don't belong all the time especially now lately if there's like a lot of oil there and things like that five six seven oh five sixty don't forget market on your calendar or two weeks from Friday June 25th Fahrenheit nine eleven go watch the three four and five times grab a whole bunch of people take some board again Christians with you they'll be pissed off and fired up huh I know right where to get some a do you know I bet you've got a whole bunch done by you over at his wrong or rake in the body lying in repose today president Ronald rake and oh my god you're on and on and on I mean he's been dying for 10 years already you think that this was one of the great shocks in history you think they'd like maybe all of a sudden Truman died but that's right here where you did and what's going to happen when you're old four dies I think that there'll be this kind of first of all zero four never got elected president he was in congress for twenty five years from Michigan never introduced one piece of meaningful legislation in twenty five years he was a moron see this goes back to what I was starting to examine before but I interrupted myself because what's the use I mean you know we had I have the r Kennedy was a great speaker even know he was a friend we're but nevertheless he was a great speaker even know you Cubans don't like him but what do we have seriously teddy Roosevelt yeah would role Wilson after the are I mean after the are was just a dynamic those speeches I mean just from a guy in a wheelchair no less wasn't he the penguin yeah he was the penguin so they're just near the stole apart and then we had of course Truman wasn't a good speaker either now I would say Truman was a ballsy president he'd draw he showed them japs of things or two man yeah he has lines yeah he had that one line doing beats Truman he's holding up the Chicago Tribune doing beats too many like that he didn't have a hearing he was he was okay his own bizarre way that McCarty didn't like him too much but he was huh that's two damn bad on Dougie's part yeah well he should have understood chain of command but he's dead too now McCarty goes to show you what comes around goes around but we've had so many like uh... bumbling fumbling in our ticket I mean we can do better than that we're talking about the best in the brightest this is the best we got the call we got now al Gore against George W. Bush john carry my god firm and mustard junior i say Clinton and uh... and how we're doing for vice president let's tell about a constitution okay the bush can keep this regarding law about how can't we do it Clinton and uh... uh... uh... what's his name howardine okay his longest uh... duty has to stay home since nineteen or at least keep it in a broom closet somewhere to lay my see her although we have like i said had a string of very ugly first ladies man so many of them since jackie Kennedy and she was ugly too come right down yes she really was she was she had like a prune face she would like like not highly overrated all again when you consider that she followed maybe i's now our best human she had a lot of good will come in a little because best human she looked like she dressed a butter out for the good will since nineteen sixty who do you think was our best president we're gonna turn his baby around the moon and do the worst with the same bunch of uh... go ahead Clinton two hundred ninety five he wins sixty one percent for bobby oh yeah the election were right now bob against George W. Bush and he could run again he get ninety percent of the vote on your right now America's finding and longing for the day even those people as goodly two shoes hypocrites screaming about that stain on a blue dress yeah they want to wish to take a leave one twenty twenty five although on hopefully somebody looked better in her yeah not a hurricane eighty two look at his ragging pulling away from jfk all or jfk was only president for like less than three years ragan at two full terms in there forget everything he did ragan eighty four jfk sixty seven and then it's a precipitous drop way down next eleven George w of bush eleven that's quite a accomplishment to be tied with Richard Nixon he's tied with dick carder nine lvj six bush one w i uh... George Herbert Walker three go forget that he was an answer and uh... your old four is only got a small pair we are sports radio five to two two a m is the next inside the porn actor studio hosted by james written today my guest is Belinda blue that's me back in may of this year you made a palpitatingly parent piece of straight to video cinema landmark to which i refer of course is sorority skank fest volume and what's still active so just because they're cracked on inside the porn actors studio based on your work in nothing nurses of nenducket you consider yourself a genuine festion yeah i can say to have a girl on girl scene in that absolutely and thralling whether you're a aspiring triple x for former or just a fan of the art form you'll be self-certified by watching inside the porn actors studio hey on a check out my new tattoo actually that so good you'll only see it on all right fourteen till noon at five sixty w q l i got something long i'm gonna read that's bad and no too much reading the day man but that's okay because i'm going to be occasion pretty soon anyway and then of course it'll be that summer time and then you'll be on a new or read articles on here because uh... it's bad right uh... but the readings good today because we're also perieved oh well let me here's the best thing you can do if you want to celebrate the memory of president ragan whether you like them a lot or maybe you know not all i must put go on by some jelly beans would be good i got some here do you jelly bellie jelly beans just to go to show you what a bastard i am with a heart the heartless piece of crap i am i don't even like jelly beans being the old fat diabetic that i am if i'm gonna go out and get some candy jelly that would be so far down on my list if you had him if i was sitting right there uh... cross me i wouldn't be the least bit interested in the crap because you haven't had jelly bellie jelly beans i don't care about i've had jelly belly all my life you have these come in spinach flavor no dirt mack vomit yeah your wax oh great booger new i'm gonna try that all right i'll save you if you're my own anyway the headline is article i don't know if i'm gonna finish the whole thing it's long and i'm not gonna apologize anyway i like it did alkita trainee worn FBI before 9 11 it's uh... and be seen on news says he told agents of terror is plan to hijack passenger planes more than a year before 9 11 a pack of stony british man told the FBI an incredible tale that he had been trained by been lodans followers to hijack airplanes and he was now in america to carry out an attack the FBI questioned him for weeks but then let him go home and never followed up now the former alkita insider is talking let him go home and never followed up this like all those guys that were taken uh... flying lessons to fly uh... only uh... just to fly straight not take off her land yeah in march two thousand he has con said it was down and out waiting tables in a courier house north of London overbomb by gambling debts and increasingly drawn to the message of radical local email radical local e-mama the e-mama extort or some have been lodging the rewards for dying for g-hide then one night outside of casino and manchester in limicon said two mysterious men approached him first they say we can help you recalls con i say how can you help me say okay comes in the car said do you hear it uh... do you hear or some is named con now the grandmars not the best but then again he probably don't speak and con now thirty but thirty man said the mental and they were working on behalf of those some of the law new all about his background gambling debts information presumably gained from his fellow mosque members and offered a teach him the ways of g-hide they gave con several thousand dollars in flew him to law har pacestane where he waited for instructions at local hotel he says that the law doesn't fall was then drove him blindfolded to nearby safe house con told NBC news that for the next few weeks he was trained by al-Qaeda hijack passenger planes and then sent to the u.s but when he told the FBI headquarters was skeptical after several weeks senior FBI officials ordered police to the custody of British intelligence con said i told them before nine eleven about more than a year before about hijacking in america run in america in airline con said that at the law har training compound he and up to thirty other men but third man we're talking hijacking basics including how to smuggle guns and other weapons to airport security techniques to overpower passengers in crew and how to get into a cockpit con says he didn't think about all the other people he might have killed and at the time didn't care not at that time he said if i'd i'd as matter because this life anyway it's no good after about a week of training con said he was given money to fly a circuit he would as route from pacestane to dohawk cutter to London to Zurich switch a land back to London and often the york the purpose he sent was to allow him to observe flight operations and on board security measures upon landing a jay of care port con said he was supposed to go to a taxi stand find a man in a white prayer cap and use a code he said you're named babu con said con and you'll be saying yes my name babu con or babu we but con claims he got cold feet instead of meeting his contract he slipped away retreated in the york and then took a busward landing city and gambler away almost all his money fearful that he had blown out cut his cash and where the terrorist trainers had copied his passport information easily knew how to find him con turned himself in and confessed i've been to pacestane he said i know about this hijacking something's going on con said his trainers never told him exactly what his terrorist mission in the u.s would be he said he was told he would learn more details from i have it as another train terrorist who he was told already where the u.s. for three weeks the FBI counter terrorist agents in Newark New Jersey interrogated con created composite drawings of his terrorist trainer and a fellow student and then wired con up and took him back to jay of care port hoping to smoke out other conspirators but they had no luck con versus nine eleven report confirms an April of 2000 and unnamed walk into the FBI who was to meet five or six persons some of them pilots who would take over a plane and fly to afghanistan or blow the plane up the report adds that the walk in path to lie detector test NBC news is learned the con pass dot one but two FBI polygraphs a former FBI official says Newark agents believe con and tried to aggressively follow every leading the case the work came from headquarters saying return him to London forget about it which critic says exactly what the FBI did how do you like that return to London and the gut about it right but the FBI insisted infesticated con's allegations thoroughly cannot confirm them and had no legal grounds to hold him federal prosecutors agreed FBI officials said they did the right thing and turning kind of a British authorities and assumed they would carefully investigate but NBC news has learned that new scottland yard only interviewed con for about two hours and then released them spokesman for scottland yard and m i five the British intelligence agency would not comment their mom. Con City watched the nine eleven attacks on television it was horrified he said he was sad for the victims and relieved that he hadn't carried out any attacks of his own to him the 911 plot rang for midger maybe same plan he said maybe same training there was no evidence that con was part of the 911 plot but lawyers for 911 families urged him to tell his story arguing it reveals a major mist clue. Con says the British tabloids offered a pame to tell his story but he declined he wanted to know that he's not accepted any money for any interview. He is fearful for his life and at first was reluctant to talk to NBC he changed his mind after a British newspaper published his name and he says suraptitiously took his photograph. Once it was published he agreed to go on camera to talk about what he sees they missed opportunity. Con remains surprised that to this day the FBI CIA and scottland yard have never asked for his help and identifying the street address of the law enforcement law enforcement staff where he in dozens of other men were trained. He says he saw some identifying signs and might be able to locate it today. I'm just surprised because they never came back to ask more things he said the FBI believed me but maybe not didn't take it seriously enough. Now that he's told his story Con plans to go back into the shadows branded by some terrorist bothers a traitor to the cause. He's going to the hiding he's going to big fat must they have. But we're one of them bookers and whatever. Some of the Rushdie has a few hiding places picked out. There you go they have a club. Here's our first poll of the day. Since night and we're going to turn it around and no we're going to turn it around you can stare at. But back to him right. Well speaking of staring I'll forget Ursula and rest in the state of undress behind the beaded curtain today. Since 1960 who do you think was our best president? Of course our lot of you don't care. We shouldn't put that under two right? Right. Well we don't you know what if you don't care we don't care either. I'm not putting it on there it's a easy way out for a lungheads which we have so many about their lungheads idiots morons. How's that affect my life I don't care that I had none of the room going to be in late tonight or not? Okay. And of course in the case of most of those people they aren't. 570 votes not too shabby here. Start of this poll kind of late today because that was a confedulating about poor president Ronnie Reagan and Nancy and her psychic and her astrologer. He never did anything without consulting Nancy mommy. They were popping jelly beans he was taking longnaps. But now of course they got you know they got the whole deal all built up here he was the great communicator. He was a great leader and like I said everything is relative. So you look at what we got now and you look back at him he's hey bring him back again okay even in the box he's got to be better in what we got now unless they're dangerous. Lot less dangerous. Clinton look at this 353 votes out of 570 62% for Bala. Oh yeah. Oh they're long for the day man and I think those right wing hypocritical slime holes man drag us through two years of penis gate and stain gate and Monica gate and you lied about it gate. Yeah I wonder what mispudges line about these days huh you faggot Clinton 353 Reagan 97 she Reagan pulled away the second place because it's all Reagan all the time now for a day and Friday's an actual day of morning to see that. I'm taking off Friday because of that I'm going to go to the ceremony. The bastard. Now I am. I'm taking off Friday because it's an national day of morning for President Reagan. I don't want to be totally disrespectful. I'll put some bastard like you on Friday to be disrespectful. I mean you'll probably say bad things about him yourself. I might bastard just about his hair though. Clinton 353 Reagan 97 you worked way you've been around people with worse hair than that. That's a good way. J had K 73 by the way if Aaron Brown don't do something about that muskware people are going to start confusing him and moe that red that thing like it looked like a like a mink coat on his head last night with the legs. JFK 73 then it's way down only those three get any positive a Nixon 16 bush two has got 11 it look at Nixon 17 but George's W Bush has got only 11 even the Bush apology is out there don't think he's all that great. Carter 9 peanut man LBJ7 with that big ego in a gigantic war 58,000 kids can't back in body bags Mr. Great Society you hard asked crook Bush 13 and Gerald Ford still stuck with throughout a noise 600 votes. Now what we'll do it noon when you're not even looking we'll turn it around and we'll say since 1960 who do you think was our worst president will have the same list. Won't that be fun okay huh I know who we're now don't be prejudging you always have this habit of prejudging okay don't prejudge the pubic out there they might shock you but I doubt it. Hey I've talked about dry concepts for a long time you can prejudge this because I guarantee I'll bet George is left on a buildup for you would job the likes of which you seldom seen which you couldn't even believe because they dry clean your carpets then the only people in the world who do this it's an exclusive pat that method sucks out the deep down dirt way in there and a firebizier carpet in which makes them look like brand new smell lemony first you're driving a couple of hours they last longer they stay cleaner longer what's not to like I've been using in my house for over 20 years and you want to start doing the same they've been around in town since 1979. So beware those 595 room scams and all those other carpet cleaners who like to rip you off no surprises at the end would dry concepts because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing their spectacular job on your carpeting your drapery upholstery all of these things and don't forget when you called our concepts ask about being understand by list which can save you another 15% off their already unbeatable price so come today tool free you'll never do business with anybody else again called 1-800-248-5071 who divested in the universe 1-800-248-5071 or check them out online at dryconcepts.com this is Jennifer Lopez I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from going back around my nipples and that's when I listen to the new rathers 12-1 hour i can colder the the Right and once the kids are off the school, which will be completely I guess the end of this week or the next week Something like that this week. It'll be about five Josh George Mo that's about it. Yeah mama since and Yeah mama since 1960 who do you think was our best president? We can change that right now, Eric Any second any moment when you're ready? Because I put it this actually there were a bunch more, but they're all parlon on that Clinton thing Let's not get too carried away. Okay as much as I like them. I certainly voted for him I'm sure you did too. I voted for JFK I don't know That was before you were born never the last I read I saw documentary that's what I did oh I'm not knocking JFK. He was a great inspiration leader. He was certainly a better speaker than Bubba And he was doing more than his share of screw and around and had much better taste than Bubba too Is matter fact in that department, but back in the day Maybe you just didn't talk about that kind of stuff Nope, and anyway, well, it's not not about choice. I'm just kind of shocked and amazed Well somebody had to Since 1960 who do you think was our best president Clinton 375 over 62 percent Ronnie Reagan 103 getting a heavy civile vote there today 17% pedetic any handsome a pretty marginal competition JFK 74 Then it's way on down boy you got the six wheel losers in there no wonder we're in the problems that we're in today man I wonder the world is going to hell on a hand casket Nixon 18 George W. Bush 12 that really says it all right there. Don't it? That's something boy Nixon 18 and Bush 2 12 Jimmy Carter nine for those people like guys that a brother that used to pee in the street LBJ7 in fact you know who would like go Jimmy Carter Josh Beckett Hey, Billy can I give you a hand I'll give you two hands That that's terrible. I think Josh made that up that whole thing about Josh Beckett must have yeah Carter nine LBJ7 Bush one three for George Herbert Walker Bush former director of the CIA and the certainly big business man What all of his salary friends Carlow group all of these things trial lateral commission that build a burger And Gerald Ford is only got to well he didn't think he'd like it anyway. He just kind of like okay After Nixon said by buying a name made that kind of little deal. I beg your pardon. He said okay. What if you say Pardon Nixon I would Nixon should have died in jail. You know it like alcohol right like Louis Lutky and a electricier Actually vibraphy channel over the weekend they had another one those Every now and then to get carried away with the mob stories So we had Louis Lutky and John Gotti and oh whole budget is All these people Casi One other thing Reagan's legacy that they were I dare did here mention briefly over the weekend Is he would he and his right wing fanatics they succeeded in something that even Jimmy Carter could do and that is they made the word liberal a dirty word right I mean liberal used to be fine liberals were all everybody thought liberal was great that means progressive That means you're For social change for the better for equality for all these good things and then the Reagan people that crowd made liberal a dirty Where I'm clean you know But Katrina van and who will write some of the nation today. It's on our website a lot of this stuff's on our website But most of you people are too busy. I'll get in a ride. Is it still raining? Haven't checked lately. Well have somebody I do a little up have somebody stick their neck out the window That maybe the beast could do it if you could find his neck Thursday's Wall Street Journal reports is Katrina that the American left is seeing signs of political revival All right as Bush's economic and foreign policies alienate growing numbers of Americans more people are identifying themselves as liberals Well, if you are willing to call themselves conservatives that term many believe is lost meaning since the fiscal Access is an extremist policy to the Bush administration every place traditional conservatism As the anxious Papy of cannon would probably be happy to tell you all he makes me sick too The general server reports that the shift in America's political identities also reflected in the country's reading habits As John Harwood writes to flag the flag of Flagship publication of love the nation claims to have captured the highest circulation of many weekly political magazine The article continues the nation has seen its circulation grow to 160,000 from nearly 140,000 Amid 2003 and just over 102,000 in June 2001 The latest figure exceeds the circulation of longstanding conservatist stalwart National Review which is down to roughly 155,500 down 259,000 Amid 2001 How do you like that the word liberals making a comeback? Oh, so maybe George's W Bush That's what he's gonna do for us just like Reagan started to deal here making the word little dirty word maybe George's W Bush is gonna make it like a breath of fresh air again Now let's see it's my turn to vote over here on my thing I let me think about this one real hard, okay. Oh, I just voted I just voted there just uh, I don't know was tough You write these off to it start 5 6,000, 5 6,000 come on let's hear about Let's see if smarty a John's can come back and defend his crown The big oh, I can't believe he really that's stupid Anybody really thinks that is a four year old is gonna run in a triple crown wishes again that are for three year olds What's wrong with your Orlando or you some kind of a goofball some kind of an idiot that I've had it some kind of a banana boat Yeah, man, he's weak. I wanted to the hump or hates him like poison 5 6 7 0 5 and then not personal. It's not personal always a good guy just business. You know that's like Tom jica I'm gonna think personal against the little time. He's a good guy. He's saying I'll find it the track But business. Oh my god. What a disaster Master a disaster buddy Gilmore in the third race at Yonkers is a Bob Meyer has the call 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. I'm actually going to great job Brian series did here at Mohawk Saturday Yes Nice going Brian WQM hello Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to say this weekend was a bunch of crap with all that Reagan stuff. I mean I'm making it still going on man, but you know I don't remember him that way. I remember high unemployment He didn't care about no poor people. He did he wasn't for age research right the rich got richer the poor middle class got more Right all of those things a high deficits Unconnected upstairs. He was a mental midget I don't remember him being this great leader that they're making him out of the water. He took a lot of good nap so Wow, I mean they're trying to rewrite history. He's not that much that's right there in your absolutely right They're trying to make him into the the the only thing we keep here is the great communicator He was the Teflon president he could do no wrong and of course Because of the fact that he was a movie actor. We had the glib you know that style and he had just talked about all of this crap You know Rush Limbaugh there were there talking about how he's the greatest president of the 20th century Oh my god, I expect from a drug induced pill Neil any clothes and what are we gonna do without the gipper Neil the gipper god Oh get a gripper on yourself pal Or not you better not they might be watching Here's the fact that says I know you've seen the Michael Lord trailer for the great I've seen it that's why we keep playing the audio on here, paly For the great movie fair night 9 11 I keep watching it. It's just great can't wait for it to come out with that now watch this drive and let the eagle sort See what the border it says will be waiting for you. We'll wait in the casino Niagara Oh, that's another thing we got all kinds of casinos here in Ontario. Hey, do you know even the race tracks have casinos here? What a concept with slots? Yeah real remember talking real casinos not make believe the showy here here is there I don't want to get diverted on this but I will anyway Everybody I talk to tell me the same thing the hard rock casino in what is it? Helen that not that's probably what it probably would be Holly one the red That place is packed. They're doing a business man the likes of which you can't believe why are they doing a business? Is it a great casino? No, I mean I haven't been inside. I'm talking about the reports I get They're not even like real regular slot machines, but they're doing a laid off as business because the public is Desk it for some action for some fun people want to go someplace where they have a good time governor bush Reverend bush are Reverend and thief Here's a guy that's so pious he's worried about the Terry Shivos Keep an etpig alive and the meantime he up this brother steal election him and his girlfriend Katha and Harris How do you like that talk about a bunch of hypocrites talk about her bunch of freaking liars? Here's another one of those people very quietly sitting back there with his peanut buddies Here's another one of the most dangerous people on the globe today is your governor Jim bush and let me say to again How the people of Florida elected him again somebody ought to look in that election? We keep having all these stories about rig voting machines and so on. I think it was kind of like three for me and one for you One of those deals, you know me. Oh, could anybody be that stupid about for this Sucker again, huh From it's past here. This is good because I can He was there for anything now. It's fantastic even like bag Yeah King idiot things like that How's myfdlin seen her at all today? Maybe she's her Maybe she's on vacation, but of course he always comes in and gives us a breath of synestine always been on vacation What's the deal there? Maybe went back to have his back dome? We checked after a rough weekend Fulbittas passed noon at five sixty wqm is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor costs Learn oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business payroll administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable Call oasis outsourcing today for a free evaluation at one eight six six at oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven with more than sixty thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands many facets human resource management outsourcing being recognized by firms both large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while you leave the operational details to the folks at oasis outsourcing So let oasis outsourcing make your business a lot more profitable if you like a free evaluation with absolutely no obligation column tool free one eight six six and oasis That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven for oasis outsourcing My We're sports video five sixty human I'm worthy of a battle Who we like to see the you John Kerry take Ted Kennedy to be your lawfully wedding husband Well, he's filthy rich. That meets my criteria. I do to you Ted Kennedy take John Kerry to be your lawfully Witted husband a ryer at do us you may now kiss the rich white liberal a back and a yo bring it on 1215 at five sixty wm here's a good news for Martha sensing delayed Okay, the federal judge overseeing Martha Stewart's legal cases later sensing here he killed you lie the eighth Lawyer say about what's good news for you because give you some talk about In July Okay, well that's right. You wasn't going to be sent same we'll tune 17. Well, like I said Stewart is convicted March 5th of obstructing justice during a government probe in a summer of reprisal stock sales Was due to be sent to June 17 legal experts have said she faces a year in prison or mole They delayed hearing comes more than two weeks after government prosecuted charge a key witness with lying while testifying it or Travelling the inquiruses they were to get her and make an example of that bitch. I don't like that Yeah, I gave the cop who I told you don't send any more of facts But this is a good fact so I got to read it because he signed a day below me know it's you Dave the copy not full anybody Go out and make some coffee and get some donuts. Hopefully not dunk and donuts. God they suck I mean, I hate to keep saying that but it's just my opinion I just don't like dunk and donuts. I can't eat donuts anyway But the idea that if there was a choice in other words if there were like a dozen crispy cream and doesn't duck and donuts sitting on that counter out there by a clearance his desk I mean there any choice Well, I'm going to first of all you could leave all the dunk and donuts for Josh. I'll take them now, but you will and I'll tell you a little later What you can do with them? But I mean dunk and donuts it's just so dry and pasty. You know Kind like Dave and boring's hairpiece Anyway, I don't want to get you in trouble right when talk show you I do right when talk show host such a shit and Glenn Bex is They deliver our already warning and preparing their rodents for the release of Michael Morris movie Which I'm glad the an extra good reason that he sent me this facts because it reminded me to play that trailer one more time You can make people do anything if they're afraid If they have picked the arching clothes all of the airports in the United States All commercial and airline traffic was around it when we had some airplanes It authorized at the highest levels of our government to pick up the summer bin Laden family members to transport the matter is Country Little of the war corporations deciding to hold the time to figure out how much money could be made Where's that oil start flowing? It's gonna be awesome. I whatever it calls that everyone would think it's gonna be a good for business Bad for the people Time is a kind of it members of congress for the kids almost in the army and go over to a rat The U.S. A tree that allows the search of medical and financial records It gets long for some almost a minute of power They wait till the little of the night is printed in the middle of the night how could Congress ask this play treat at that? I'll even read it We don't read most of the bills. No one written The evil alive Ah the streets of small town in Maradaz. To the front lines. Fantastic crowd to have. And to have more. Some people call you daily. I call you my base. It comes to true story that will make you a championship line. I call one armace. You're everything they can. To stop these charers killers. Thank you. Now watch this drive. Oh my God. Coming to a theater near you Friday, June 25th, 2 weeks from this Friday, Fahrenheit 9. I'm loving it back to a day of the cops. So I mean, did the liberal facts. The right wingers already are warning and preparing their audience for the release of the movie. They tell them not. And not. Don't see the movie. But if they do keep in mind that it's all fake. Right. It's so pathetic that their right wingers must always be told what to think and what to do by those they hold in the highway guard. That's one of the reasons why I know that liberal talk radio won't succeed because liberals usually are better informed than better critical thinkers. And don't need to listen to the radio to be told what to think. I cried listening to your mark, but they constantly talk about stuff I already know. So what's the point? PS. Tomatoes are not vegetables, but the gipper was for the last 12 years. That's bad, David. It is so insensitive and cruel that I probably shouldn't be that on the year. What is it again? To be this is not vegetables, but the gipper was for the last 12 years. No, it wasn't tomatoes. It was ketchup was a vegetable. When we were arguing about the school budgets and school lunches. Oh, well, ketchup satisfies the need for a vegetable. That was Nancy's idea. By the way, I'm sure is psychic told her that. Kind of like Marie Antoinette and reverse let them eat ketchup. Only John provolta said, let them eat mayo on their fries. Like it, I'm stood on. And let them smoke a big fat one too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We have a troubling number on his second poll here so far. Out of the first 121 votes, it's not looking too good for W. In this crowd. Since 1960, since after the Eisenhower era, who do you think was our worst president? Washed the tooth George W. He's got 78, 64.4%. Oh my God. Jimmy Carter 14. Jimmy Carter was a disaster. An absolute disaster. He kind of left me with a feeling of malaise, you know? In fact, I think they should have said his as to Malaysia would have been good. Carter 14, Clinton 10, that of course is the, uh, staying on a white on the Ablud Rescroud. Nixon's six, Reagan five, JFK four. We know who those people are. You know what I mean? Yeah, you're people. Ford two, Bush one one and LBJ one. See Bush one didn't listen much to a sentiment. Good bad. Very just nothing, you know? And I would agree with that. He was pretty weak. Pretty lame, a whim. What's been you going in? Beat and hide lips. But a bad dangerous. And quite frankly, I didn't think that this one would be as dangerous as he was. But this one's 10 times more dangerous because this one's stupid. He at least Bush one had an intellect. He had an IQ larger than his thumbnail. He was an idiot. He always had Martha Washington to, you know, keep him calm. Well, things got really, put tense. Anybody with hair like that. And in fact, when he used to be on the getter, I used to think of myself, are you sure that's not his mother? I mean, that's his wife? Yeah. That's disrespect, Tony. I don't know, it's just honest. He's an old bag. She was, I think she was an old bag when she was a child. Old Barbara Bush. I keep thinking about that quote. Oh, she doesn't want to have to see all those pictures of all those terrible things of these as soldiers and the, the, yeah, right. Right. Let's protect us for all the unpleasant things of all the carnage and destruction devastation that you're assuming is causing. Oh, it wasn't Dave the cop. Oh, look at that. Thank goodness. It says somebody else Dave the liberal because he just faction said it wasn't a well, that team better and don't fact as anymore, Dave the cop for a while. I think that's what we saw. Fast Georgia, summer lock, even busy. Robin E. Blunder writes these are on our website, I think some of these, and if not the most of you aren't going to read them anyway, so I'll read them anyhow. Right, because what kind of cause are we going to get today? WQAM Hello. QAM Yes sir. That was a great bit you played there. Was that Calvin Lee and can you ask her? Yeah. Like I told you, WQAM Hello. Not there, see? Now that line, something's going on with that. Is there? It might be. That's a weird sound. Yeah, it's a very weird sound. It sounds like Bell South again is posking around with our phone. WQAM Hello. Hello Neil, how you doing? Pretty good sir. I'm curious when Nick's over's going. Did we have squirrel? Didn't squirrel pee at the end? What a squirrel you! What a squirrel! What a squirrel! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! What a squirrel pee! That was outstanding! Like I said, let's take a lot of calls. I'm in. I was hoping you'd let that play out. Oh yeah! I could smell that one man. I wanted to see where it was going. I think somebody spiked his spiro tea if he asked me. That was beautiful. See what I mean? Nothing like these phone calls man to make my day everyday. You got a lot of your faggot. Okay junior, thanks a lot. Okay. Now go back and put on your dog strap or just take a shower when it was naked guys again. Okay junior. Get the honey junior. Say how. 26 past notes, pick it a honey and speak it a fat people. Well junior say I was he could put a loser down to it. Who couldn't he's got a fat ass? That's what Josh told me. He said he puts putger on his fingers to shame. He's got a big ass junior say how? Now what you said? How's it you say? No. What? I never, I never haven't seen junior say. I'll say to you play for the chargers. That's a long time ago man. I haven't been around. I'm watching the Patriots. I'm watching Tom Brady. I'm watching the Tampa Bay Lightning when the Stanley Cup tonight Brad Writz is with a hat rig. Nice going Brad. Stick it in there. Maybe in the puck too. Hey, speaking of like I was starting to say before the honey and be of fat everybody's fat. If even watching Tom Durkin the other day on a dumb on telecast I wanted to cry. Tom Durkin's a great guy. He's a great race call. We're him along with our buddy Dave Johnson and two best in history. And he's just huge. He's just enormous. Well if you're one of those people who's fat is a guy. And don't want to die from it. Maybe you're doing balance for life. And of course the biggest issue for a lot of the balance for life or is Should you do the five day or seven day plan. People are fist fights about that. Well the five day plan does not include the weekends. But what if you just want a few meals and Saturday and Sunday the seven day plan has got all the meals. But what he'd have dinner plans for the weekend. It's all or nothing. Well now balance for life to solve your day lemma has created the six day plan. I'm Friday night. You'll get one back for the entire weekend. So you can choose which meals you want to eat and when the best part about this plan is Since balance for life is the only meal delivery service that offers you choices. You can choose meals from either the Saturday or Sunday menu. What's not to like and to end of this plan if you tell the wonderful people that balance for life. Where you're going to eat out those heavy which items on the menu are balance for life approved. They might even stalk you at the restaurant. What a complete service. And balance for life is working exclusively with a few local restaurants. The label menu items balance for life approved. And when they find out well, maybe they'll tell us about which restaurants they are to and every great. Maybe be a nice restaurant. You're right. Move over atkins because the zone is the way to go. By the way, try Stratford. You really screwed up. It's a good thing that I got a good memory on Friday. You idiot. Plus keep an eye on that website balance for life.com for new exciting changes. Log on out register for their newsletter. So if you're one of those people tried this belief to get off that extra poundage with balance for life here's a new exciting things for you. Check it on the web at balance for life.com or make that call 1-866-225-4543. That's 1-866-225-4543. New game resubs the heavy paint We've got the always back is what we think They tease Bill Clinton about it all the time They call it womanizing no life's life But new musician fairly's all around me That's why his shirts are telling his pairs of masks All right, here we go on the dance let's go Mr. Speaker Mr. Speaker the committee would like to know other hot your shoes second up money the See Okay, they're not all the committees. You know in the Friday. They'll be no threat of that I saw him working on his pick up plans You You This just didn't really rise the funeral of Santa Monica. You look at the over the 100 bucks I actually feel relief for who even like can't stand it look at her you're looking at that on CNN No, I'm looking at this What okay now I am Look at that she looks like the mask of death is on her face, don't you? I mean, I mean, is there one her daughter? They're all reconciled now You mean, Marine oh, that's what she's the day one. Yeah. Now, let me figure this out because there's Ron Jr The ballet dancer What's the deal now who's Jane Weiman was his first wife Reagan, right? Okay, now who's who's by whom I don't know you don't know There was Patty Reagan and Marine Reagan who died of cancer and you got the Ronnie Jr that the ballet dancing Your Twitter and who else is that Patty there Patty Davis Patty Davis with the Nancy Davis Reagan But that's right. She's so she's an auntie's daughter by another marriage, right? Okay, and he's somebody's daughter by I don't know by hook of our croaker. Yes, Ronnie Jr I don't follow the American royalty scene But you better get with it. Well, what do you mean the American world you see? There was only one Reagan president until Ron Reagan gets in there Okay, but Although I did look at those naked pictures. Did you really sure All the fear that's spent to print by Robin Blunder. I threatened to read this before tonight. I just got it side track Talking about the big race on Saturday because then a lot of our people are big racing fans. Oh, yeah, right The case of Brandon Mayfield the Oregon lawyer who was a suspect in the March 11 train bombings in Madrid because his fingerprint ostensibly matched one a fondom of a bag of explosive detonators races a host of troubling questions that someone a Congress should be asking How is it possible for a fingerprint match to be an accurate after being confirmed as a 100% identification by a three FBI experts as well as a defense hired expert What does that say about the dependability of fingerprint Ananialization why was mayfield the 10 under the material witness statue when that law was designed to address the problem of witnesses Not perpetrators of crimes where a flight risk Why did the FBI have mayfields army fingerprints on a file and why could they be searched at will? Mayfield was detained on May 6th and held for nearly two weeks as a material witness and the terrorist attack that killed nearly 200 people injured about 2000 It was released with an apology from the FBI We now know that mayfields fingerprint was not the one on the incrementating bag instead The FBI says the print belongs to Oran the Doud and El Jere National whatever it has name is Yet according to the FBI mayfield fingerprints match depred lifted by Spanish authorities at 15 particular ridge points. Remember we've arranged This is far more than what is often acquired required in criminal court to assert an absolute match In the Washington Post last month Jennifer Mnukin law professor at the University of Virginia wrote experts of declared positive fingerprint matches in court Even finding after fewer than eight points and what cabin name is Nukin What the mayfield case suggested that fingerprint matches may not be the gold standard proof that law enforcement is held at out to be the Nuke and said the serious concerns about being about reliability fingerprint analization had been proudly ignored First she said we really don't know what their each fingerprint is unique since Valets statistics don't existed Could be that many people have fingerprint so similar as to be virtually in the stingwishable did you know that you do now? You didn't know that yet. Oh Another concern identified by Mnukin is the growth of databases holding fingerprints the FBI's integrated automated fingerprint identification system contains More than 45 million prints the more prints the more likely there will be false positive matches Implagating someone innocent with what is put a fourth as unassailable proof the FBI's mistake was made because of the poor quality They did your image of the Madrid fingerprint, but it also appears there was a rush to judgment against mayfield Who's match was one of a number spit out by the computer mayfield became the prime suspect because he represented a terrorism defendant a custody matter And he advertised a name Muslim telephone book that was run by a former assistant of Osama Yamama Vidulabhan the kind of association that many in the Muslim community could easily have Here is religious profiling and work the consequences can be highly destructive to innocent lives, but of course who anissimustration cares about that Then there's the most distressing aspect of this case, which is the way due process was bypassed with use of the material witnessed statute The law was decided to hold witnesses who were likely to leave the country to avoid testifying but has been transformed by John Ascrophs just the department as a tool a preventive detention Since 9-11 at least 50 individuals have been locked up first investigated later with many release without being called as witnesses at all In mayfield's case, there was insufficient cause to charging with the crime so the justice department usual was handy It is worth noting that we'd prior to mayfield's arrest Spanish authorities had raised questions over the accuracy of the FBI fingerprint match But FBI officials didn't wipe the arrogance from their eyes until a more logical suspect emerged Mayfield's Prince were available to the FBI because he had been arrested once as a juvenile and had been in the US Army According to Paul Brez on FBI spokesman and addition of fingerprints of known criminals in Orestes the agency maintained the Prince of everyone who said the federal government job has been in the armed forces since 1924 the Prince are collected so the FBI may conduct a criminal background check But after the check has complete the Prince are not destroyed, they're kept nearly indefinitely for use when the FBI is looking for suspects I bet the men and women of the armed forces have little idea that years after they completed their service Their fingerprints are scanned for any potential criminals in terrorist among them Congress has taken some interest in mayfield's case members have sent the justice department letters raising questions And the topics are quite thick them up when Ashcroft appears before the Senate judiciary committee this week They should keep on it. It is up to lawmakers to send limits and how this war on terrorism is fought either with respect for due process rights in privacy or not or not I think right at the moment I think that would be the operative term and speak of the Patriot act And getting an eclipse from the Fahrenheit 911 in the fact that nobody read the bill in Congress right The priority commission Registrate their opposition and declared it on constitutional On whatever the hell day that was and two minutes till midnight the Sun sent I'll put that story on their website and it never appeared the next day's newspaper Advantage all of these things continue This disappearing mysteriously all of these things in a middle of the night or being printed mysteriously in the middle of the case may be Just a coincidence I guess must be sure 1241 at 560 WQM Kimba Bocamper for the mad dog at two the Humphrey at four from Shula State to then we got the big I just can't wait to see Smarty Jones in the derby again next year and in the bill might have probably do better any K10 o'clock and in overnight. It's a total loss 47 at 560 WQM 259 votes on poll number two First two hours we asked who was our best president since the 1960 and Clinton went sands down with over 62 percent of the vote Baba He all his words and pimples and growing nose. He still wins hand down over 62 percent But who was our worst president 259 votes the bush mice are the tooth W 166 64 percent oh my god Yeah, 28 Carter 24 How's that possible? Well, it's just it's because of recent history and because the Clinton bashes You know, they're just out there salivating you know I want to send it very worse. They don't like the fact that he was getting little head of his time Carter 24 Reagan 16 Nixon nine JFK five a 04 4 LBJ4 and bush one three. He was kind of like like that porridge. You know not too hot not too cool just a mediocre Look warm Not a whole lot of people like him. I don't hope people dislike him. It's just a like that come see come saw and come help bush one saw All my goodness here's L. All cool Jay talking about Reagan people You know in different ways like well You know if you do this you can't do that and if you do that you can't do this well guess what? Murphy right he was a movie star and he became president in the United States well, how do you like that you tell him LL cool? You tell him Oh, Tony Bennett He had me sing for the boys that came back and get on and it was unforgettable It was unforgettable Tony Bennett in the day over 110 there's Sarah Kajesika Barker A long and very rich life warst new Sarah There's I think the thing that most of us will memory that He passed away in the loving care of his family Which so many people in this country who have all that He told us what a real vegetable is okay forget about that ketchup crab Nancy. I think it was getting even with hurry You know it for coming up with that crab that ketchup is a vegetable punishing all the children of America go to school and being the Deprived of the real a nutrition health. That's probably where we got a bunch of Run into my right now. It's probably all Reagan's that we did an ADHD on him we're right and HD TV right and All the other things do if he asked me anything evil He was always talking about the evil empire and I we got them on with his evil doers and Ted Kennedy's drinking at evil doers 5 6705 60 pound 5 61 and her spruce a few of your call today get some of your thoughts Or not as the case may be WQAM hello Yeah, yes, sir. Yeah The ironic when When Ronald Reagan was an office and then the the wall came down the Germany in Russia collapse It's a garbage all-fuck in shit for sister the run a green tea show organization You know and then the top it off the guy winds up Did yeah 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and see in Verizon wireless not were you following that one there? Nope Something about what Josh Beckett likes to do when his hands. I think is what he said some some more dinner 5 6705 60 WQAM hello Yes, sir hey Talk about Ronald Reagan in the in the 80s. Yeah, I'm a new medical equipment business and we used to deal with You know when AIDS first came out You do I don't know if many people don't know this like 95% of the hemophilia We used to do a children and they were coming out with AIDS Then you had all these hate mongers and all these people saying all these people deserve to die and stuff like that You know you're dealing with kids and they didn't do anything and just because of a condition that block the transition right because of the bad blood like right 95% So it's really in that home mentality back then I had no right to go to the guy anyway And you can't see these people's eye and they'll I don't have no no Compassion for them. Well, thank you. Well said Oh, it's a fact thing. You know, he was a heartless right wing fanatic and Because of the fact he was a movie star he talked with a very glibba that's soft Tonyo Therefore, it's a cosmetic appearance that counts in a month and including these jack holes in the immediate now that are making a big song to dance about this He was a non-compassion of right wing fascists come just like we got when we got right now even though they just changed the name You know watch this slide Yeah, I've watched this drive all brother if you have a minute Go online and Michael Moore dot com and just click on versus view the trailer of Fahrenheit 9 11 you really have to see it It'll just take it's about the two minutes long. It's really well worth it It would get you salivating for that movie coming up two weeks from Friday He's they got the host base standing there and of course you really when you see that clip You don't know where he's standing you we don't realize he's on a golf course He's standing there and he's a T-shirt described T-shirt I go on about well these terrorists We have to we have to get him wherever they are in a world easy evil terrorists Do they have to be caught and track down and then all of a sudden that came from back to way a little bit You see that he's pull out a driver a golf club and he starts now watch this drive And there he goes whack in the golf ball man just you know so perfect so outstanding as you expect from Michael Moore See this is one guy who's not gonna sit back He already had this experience before when he tried to do bowling for colabine and he tried to bury it in deep six and before the fact and then it was that one school I bury and remember that story sure and our whole bunch of school librarians got together and put up a fuss People that won't sit still for censorship. They don't believe in this crap. Okay. There was a people that made the snake and that's eventually why they're booking in the movie God made But you won't find any guts in Disney. I'll tell you that you won't find any guts at the most of the big publishers Because they're busy putting out Pavlem Thank God for the alliance done brothers there for buying at the for Miramar Miramax and Miramar whatever hello was right Thank God for them for his good Jewish boys. Oh, see they're not voting for a bush. I guarantee of that We need to find some Jews for carry. Okay, not just a well to do Snobby should use for bush which I counted a few of them during my week done and I was that was disgusting That was sickening and nauseating revolting road test One thing I found is that all the people that all of them that I haven't counted who have associated with a stock market with finance with the you know big bucks What no matter what their religious persuasion They're always fit to be public and do sure whichever fascist do is yours coming down to pike They're all for it. Maybe if Hitler had been good for business. Hey listen I get that some of the Jews and Germany supported him are you kidding? I don't I saw that but those movies well, there you go 5 6 7 0 5 60 But we're supposed to like remember Ronald Reagan. We can't get this crap over without ready or what oh I will I'm trying to forget him. I'm trying to develop compartmental Alzheimer's and just have that one little part of my brain Forget him and forget that he was ever around Couldn't say the word AIDS couldn't eat articulate it could not enunciated for a long long time WQA and hello QA and hello Not there too in a row can we go for three WQA and hello QAM WQA and hello Yes, sir Speaking hey, I got a great bit of a poor off today. I'm gonna I'm gonna go to a costume shop I'm gonna get me a Ronald Reagan back All right Oh Nice Sounds like I have a good idea. I'm gonna wait for me right good way to commemorate the passing of our 40th president there you go Just get blush put on your Ronnie reggawn mask matter facts. Yeah, you know how we have that bit and I think we can so play that pot killed that Right get your Ronnie Reagan that's good. You have a big fatty Oh Judy Garland, Lenny Bruce, Elvis Presley, they all died while sitting on the toilet. Remember, Bob Hughes, stay off the pot. Are you minding from the home of safety comesle? Just say, to that wicked weed, baby, or not as a case may be all depending on which you make a dealer you do business, but George has got to list some good names. How come it is that you make in men tend to be a little bit more agus because they got the good crap, but they're just, I don't know, a different breed, but they don't have that imperious attitude that the women do. I beg to definitely. They do, although with the exception of Hudson. Yeah, you don't know any Jamaican men. Oh, who you kid in the man? We see no a dead barber shop over there. You kid in me? Okay. 1256, right? Red kidney corner, a chuck sub center over there on a corner. I know where you hang up. Drop on. Right by the between a barber shop and at the convenience store, that's where all the good deals go down. Oh, they got, baby. Those wait by follow one of his low carb diets. The lights are why I spoke as help thousands of low carb dieters achieve their weight loss goals. Today shopping for the right low car products has become more and more confusing. Now most of the so-called low car products on the grocery store shelves won't even help you lose weight because they're loaded with carbs. Selecting foods with the right ingredients is one of the lowest carbs is the key. That's what it's all about. The lights focus is over a thousand of the right low carb items and products that you can sample before you buy. Anything in the store, try it before you buy it. And they have a staff that knows the dieting inside and not so if you're on the Atkins, sugar busters, South Beach or any low carb sugar free diet had for the lights of West Boca. The number one low carb store in the universe and I hope you reach your important weight loss goals and stay alive. Unlike Ronnie Reagan, stay alive. You're open to everyone. He was 93. That's much more than enough. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. You'll have to watch the boys' focus on the Northeast corner of Blades and 441 right next to Boston Market. The column toll free, 1-877 low carb LOW, C-A-R-B, Rhinerwebetslowcarb.com with a W. Don't forget to like to watch the boys' focus. Your official Atkins retail center. 5-Local, 6-6-5-60, the ring is on your hand. This is your president speaking. Yeah, I got so much time now today, so I even listened to that Neil Rogers one detail hour. It's good. It's good. How dare they drag the good thing of the United States of America? Who's a man on Saddam Hussein, torture, prison? No baby. Got that shot? I saw it. No baby, I don't know. I don't know. I'm racing. I hit the top 40 soon out of rock. Right, for spring, for the back, for the party. I saw it. I saw it. All baby. I saw it. I saw it. All baby. I've had it. That was a very moving thing on Saturday that they had a show us the flag and half of mass on top of the White House. They couldn't just report to us that the president ordered the flag lowered. They had to show it to us breathlessly, breaking news. The flag has been lowered to half mass that they had won house. Are you shocked? Yeah, and it's made. And then actually see it. It was just a fly open to me. 1-0-5-60, W-M-K-M-Kimbo-Bok-Kampro for the Mad Dog at 2. We shall congle of CBS NewsWrites, team bushes on a religious crusade. 40 things. Yeah. A mighty army of religious warriors is being assembled on the president's behalf for its M-Shill. She says Carl Roe is no idiot. I realized the subjugation sounds obvious, but it bears repeating. Often his Democrats and Washington's chattering class become increasingly excited about conservatives increasingly public criticism of the Bush administration. Perhaps more than any other field politics embraces the Kikigai-Wenny's downout look. Thus with W-M-K-M-K-Popularity slumpedude was breathtakingly mismanaged to rank Odyssey, as unsurprising that many on the right of a gun to grasp about other Bush moves that they see as ideologically impure. Sure the tax cuts were great, but what about the massive deficits run up on W-M-K-W watch? The White House can draw about the cost of fighting terrorism all at once, but a budget analysis conducted by of all folks the Heritage Foundation indicates that in less than half of the new spending under Bush has been related to defense or homeland security. Conservatives are less than thrilled about the president's big government prescription drug bill, not to mention his notches, federally-intrusive no child left behind program, and speaking of intrusive a colorful, massive right-wingers, included in the leadership of the Ego Forum, the American Conservative Union, and the Greek Congress Foundation, think to pay tribute to that could use some serious tweaking before John Ashcroft starts in pletty's spy camps and everyone's underpants. Concerns about Bush's conservative credo won't be eased by the fact that members of his own party have launched legislative crusades in conflict with his administration positions. Virginia's congressman Bob Barr, in order to one of the funny little mustache, is lobbying hard for her overhaul of the Patriot Act by local home of congressman Ernest Ishtok, keeps pestering majority leader time delay for a vote on a balanced budget amendment. Reelistically, such amendments got about as much chance of victory this year as Dennis Cassinnich, but a vote on the issue something to lay reportedly promised as to just before the memorial they recess could prove uncaptable both to the White House and congressional Conservatives has Democrats begin using about how that efforts got so big, what faculty and cuts have been needed to achieve a balanced budget, and why exactly, so many Republicans spend so many months arguing that deficits don't matter. The anti-Bush forces are understandably giddy about W. Interparty Blues for one thing it must come as a tremendous relief to discover that even this president's Teflon coding will get sticky if enough mud is splashed on it. Who could have predicted that Chalabi would turn out to be this big of a sleazeball? More broadly, Democrats have grown accustomed to being the party as self-destructive, international-necine bloodletting for them the very idea of Republicans publicly savaging one another as the political equivalent of free porn. But this brings us back to my original reality check, Carl Roe was no idiot. The dark wizard is well aware of his president's troubles, and even as the beltway boys and girls obsess over Iraq, team boasts furiously sucking up to the base on domestic issues. Just this week, W. Interparty delivered a keep-to-faith bar in Bernard nearly 2,000 religious leaders and social service workers assembled in Washington for the White House conference on faith-based and community initiatives. In his best preacher's voice, Bush spoke of soles lost and found, the power of the good book, and many of the surrender ones like to a higher being. But his larger goal, reminding the audience of what a key friend he's been, stressing his commitment to government funding of religious groups, Bush noted that when an obstinate Congress tried to block his plans, he outsmarted them by signing an executive order, take that you gotless legislators. The more illuminating speech however came from Jim Toe, Bush's faith-based czar, who hopefully focused the crowd on the fierce culture war still raging in this country. Iraq may be getting all the press these days, he allowed, but there's also another war that's going on that really gets to the heart of the questions about what the role of faith is in the public square. If the anti-bush force is wind-up curing the day, Toe reportedly warned, you can almost wind up creating a godless orthodoxy. For pedaling such divisive partisan rhetoric at an official White House event, Toe must likely run a cookie in a pat on the back from the dark wizard. But the faith-based conservative conference revival, let me try it again, but the faith-based conference revival was just one stop on Team Bush's crusade. Last week, the president and several members of the religious media, this week during the trip was scheduled to swing by Colorado Springs to kiss the ring of evangelical power broker James Dobson. Finally and perhaps most impressively on Thursday the New York Times broke news that the Bush campaign is working to recruit literally thousands of friendly congregations to wait its reelection efforts by identifying volunteers willing to distribute campaign materials to facilitate voter registration and pray for a plague or frogs to paralyze blue-state vote in on election day, just kidding about that last part. In Pennsylvania alone, 1600 churches have been contacted. This move at least kept to the attention of Democrats who promptly far off outraged emails accusing the Bushies of mixing church and state, the Democrats are right to be furious and terrified. Robe has a law as long vow to make sure evangelical voters turn out to see her in far greater numbers than in 2000, and Irving to Iraq fate makes it that much more important for Team Bush to remind social conservatives who is with them on hot button issues like gay marriage and partial birth abortion, homegrown moral atrocities than inflamed the right far more than anything that went down at. Abugar Rebe. The Bush campaign is unlikely to spread this particular message via nation-wide TV Adblitz since much aggressive moralizing might give swing voters the willies. But they will spread it to river conservative broadcaster religious publisher and friendly congregation they can find a mighty army of religious warriors as being assembled on the presence be had. With this in mind, a carry camp at better knock it, two wrapped up in Iraq or Vietnam, this is a two-front war, and Team Bush is working hard to convince Americans that as an all-battles God is on its side. How do you like that, huh? Dale God! The Lord wants the Bush-Mister. Yeah, well there is the a hers. William Randolph-Herses, there it is with the Ronnie's casket, a tisket, a tisket, a tisket, I think he's in a casket. Oh boy. Yeah. Oh yeah, we're going to see this like round a clock. This makes the OJ thing peel into insignificant. I just don't think white for Bronco passed by. There you go, there's a, there's a C. VC. Guess what is the most popular thing on the internet? Porn? There you go. Okay. I thought it was a trick question for a second. No. Porn, three times more popular than searches. What if we're trying to get we got Ursula and Russ going to Andres? They're searching. Tracking from finds that 18.8% of US web visits were to adult sites, five and a half percent of top search engines. See, that's why we give you a little of both. All of this is not an photographic, I just, just a couple of boobies. It's hard. Including the pictures of the present, a couple of boobies, an appreciation of beauty, and pad bool and couple of boobies. Online, poor insights get about three times more than the top web search engines, including market leader, Google Inc. Research from said last week. Websize sites categorized as a delicate for 18.8% of all internet visits by US users in the week ending May 29, almost 20%. Meanwhile, the category that contains search engines dominated by Yahoo, MSN and Google, a counter for just five and a half percent, quite a hit-wise ink, a California-based company that web-use. See, we should be putting more boobies and more porno on there and less of these event time stories that we work so feverously to find in the inform, et cetera. It's quicker. During that time, Google garnered 2.7% of all by visits while Yahoo, Search and MSN Search got 1.7% and 1.1% respectively. Bill Tancer, no kind to Bill Tanner, who we don't like anymore. VP of Research at at Wiseth old Reuters. Other large-air-wise categories included entertainment at 8.0%. Business and finance at 7.4 and shopping and classified that 7.0%. Google is moving toward an initial public offering that's expected to be a blockbuster. The three leading search providers fall into a subcategory hit-wise call search engines in the directories, got a idea. Does it go on anymore about the app owner one here now? Well, that's all we care about. Hit-wise also found that fast-going comparison shopping sites such as shopping.com, next tag and visit rate are getting fewer referrals from research providers, meaning that users are either going directly to the niche sites or finding other routes to them, thereby cutting search engines out of liquidity shopping clicks. The same appears to be true for top travel sites, Tancer said. What do you like that? Well, I'd be lucky to say that's no bulletin. And why the hell should it be? Americans are repressed. Even though their screw in their brains out 124 times a year, they still want low. Since 1960, who do you think was our worst president? That's our second poll of the day. Do you ever have the 68 vote? Bush 2 George W. Bush has got 65.7% Oh my god! Oh there's Cheney playing center. Wow, wow, he's got a play center for the 49ers this year, Cheney. Yeah, out there in San Francisco, all in Madacones. Well, he's daughter, you know, is a dyke. Let's see, Bush 2 242 65.7%. Jimmy Carter 38, weak, weak man, terrible awful. Just go into pick some peanuts, Jimmy get out of our push and tell your brother. You know, did he die? Billy Carter's dead, right? Yes, he did. Well, he won't be doing that anymore. And George Beckett's hands with anybody else, so that six pack of Billy beer even saving up his worth something. All right, crack it out. And I give your Reagan mask on the set, noona get out that old Billy beer. And then go wash your hands. Carter 38, Clinton 35, Reagan 17, our worst. Nixon 10, see he didn't unworst in that, but they just, they're not as insensitive as we are. You know, go on ahead of man when he's down. I mean, he guys been dying for 10 years. He was a vegetable. But all the shock, the, I don't, I just don't get it. Reagan 17, Nixon 10, JFK 8, I bet you know, those people speaking, ladies, Bush 1 7, 4, Jerry Ford couldn't walk in Chugam at the same time, six, and LBJ 5, for London Baines Johnson, who was the Bain of many people's existence. Most of them came back and body bags. See, he was not all bad though. He had the greatest society thing, civil rights, right? He had some good stuff going. But he was a hard ass. He just wouldn't give up on the Vietnam thing. And he was, uh, wouldn't listen to nobody. I remember like it was yesterday. The 90 came on TV to announce that he would not accept it would not, uh, try to get the Anomination of his party out of a reelection. Remember that? Like it was 10 minutes ago. Yeah. You don't, because you were like, let's see, 30, that's 68, 32, 36 years ago. He were like a child. Yes. And in another country. Where you were busy voting for a Castro. Right. At the 10 or age of three. In one of those fixed elections. We're supposed to be in five seats. We're going to be like, you weigh in. And another thing. We're going to be in the big star. By now. We've got little fixed week, boys. I didn't expect to get anywhere, a little puny new. We say to you. I don't think it's because of the federal law. I don't think it's because of the federal law. I don't think it's because of the federal law. Why do you want to be? Yeah. What about? Don't go. Why hate you? What do I do? And why not be? Okay. I want to die. You have picked a ring. No, no, no, no, no, no. The ring of gold. The ring of gold. The ring of gold. The ring of gold. The ring of gold. Why do you want to smack you? The ring of gold. I know my smell of traction. But unlike that, you. You've still got such a... I feel just like that you are my generation. And what you need to do with it? And why you are so bad by it? It's just a little... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'm on a show. Oh, thank you. You. Is it too bad? Huh? It's way too much old fun. All right, that's enough. One nineteen at five sixty. That's gonna cue him. Here's another nitpicker and other facts. Neal, I don't like correcting God. No, God. But what half mast is when the flag is at sea. Half staff is when the flag is on land. Now, I wouldn't afford it that long. I don't think that the flag is at that long. But I think you need to go into great detail about flying your flag at half staff. Hey, what my flag is at half mast? TOO-wah! Yeah. Half staff is on land. Half mast is at sea. Who gives a flying? I'm saying who cares? I heard you want to say half a staff is better than none. Right. And half a loaf. That's what, though. I got to know it's the dog that is a summer coming up here. Last couple of weeks we had the painful defecation spots with mufflinzy. Now we got the time they're doing a constipation spots. Which would like to feel relaxed once again. Oh, my God. We're obsessed with, back home, ass on this station. I wouldn't be surprised if George starts talking to summer tempos sniffing Chinese ass again. Whatever was they were talking about. Eating. Aaaaa! Chinese meals at Emma Post. You won't like this news. Okay. A statement bearing Al Qaeda's name worn today that Western Airlines will be the terror groups next target. Oh, my God. What are learners? Western Airlines, you know, like from the West. The statement appeared on an Islamist website known for posting messages from militants, including the video, which a terror group without Kyta Lixx, executed Nick Burg. The statement's authenticity could not immediately be verified, but it was signed Al Qaeda on the Arabian Peninsula. Oh, hi, Al. Al Qaeda. Like, like, you know, as in the collective kind of signature. The statement referred to crusaders in warned, all that is affiliated with these crusaders from compounds, bases and means of transport, especially Western and American airliners, will be direct targets of our next operations with God's help. The statement begins by warning all Muslims to avoid contact with the American and Western crusaders, and all non-believers in the Arabian Peninsula. It urges Muslims to ignore Americans and Westerners in their homes, compounds, movements, and means of transport in all shapes and forms. The statement says the purpose of this warning is to spare Muslim blood. Well, I will never consider it about that before when they made those attacks in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere in that part of the world. Those are actual forms. Huh? Oh, that's right. They were severely ablought of the good Muslims. If they will please stand up, so we can identify it. There is that look at that. There's that white-forward Bronco. I mean, they have black hers on a freeway. Oh, we're silly. Yeah. Do any word or a phrase? She's in the little, oh, now we got her off the screen. Now we got the big picture there, the hers. This is, this is mind blowing to me. I mean, I don't hate her. I can't stand her religious bitch. Let's see. And now look at this. The president was escorted into the chamber where members of the upper and lower houses of parliament have come to hear him outline. They're talking about India, India on the BBC. Of course, that's part of the old empire in all those people living in a pan. In the US, with India's economic expansion. Right. Now let's see what they're talking about on the CBC. The BBC ain't doing Reagan at the moment. I mean, they've done plenty already. CBC. Oh, we, we will be celebrating because we'll meet that adrenaline. Canadian Task Force in Kabul Afghanistan, they're talking to them. So it's only the American Networks that are just fixated nonstop, virtually. Once in a while, we get a little something else about the G8 summit coming up. But back to this. They might have agreed with it in. Oh, brother. Papa papa papa papa. And Neriya negative word shall be heard. Okay, because it was just disrespectful as the mad dog would say. Disrespectful. Like saying to bad word about Dan Marino, you know, disrespectful. No, my maddie. No, that, that would be Italian. I don't know no French. No, no, my mad. The mayor of Beagles and these Southwestern France, which I'm sure pronounced in that wrong. Two and I could care less than two to the wrong. Has presented over the country's first game marriage. Mr. Mamed, a former television presenter, but you know about them. Performed the marriage of a shop worker, Bertrand, Charlie Chopin, D.A. 31 and a male nurse. You know about them. Step on cheap and 34 on Saturday because he said he wanted to fight discrimination in France. Why had police around? I don't want to say they're getting a little worked up over there, but just calm down. Please, ride police around at the town hall where the ceremony took place because of protest by conservative groups. Well, we're not alone. Isn't that pleasant here? Ah. We got a few of them here in Canada, a few of them right wingers. Not third man. The happy couple arrived in a brown-rolls-roy, so we're plotted by gay rights activist. Mr. Mameder said he was proud of having officiated at the wedding, and said, I don't consider myself an outlaw. The marriage, which was recorded and shown on French newsable, says he's ignited a fierce debate. In France about the legality and morality of gay marriage, the interior ministry Dominique Duvenopan said he'd begun disciplinary proceedings against Mr. Mamed, and accused him of copying in the French civil code. I intend to make sure the law of the Republican, the authority of the state are respected. He said, if convicted, Mr. Mameder could face his special and a fine of 1500 euros, which is, uh, post-it-two grand. French law allows civil unions for homosexual couples, but the nice and full tax inheritance rights. The prime minister has said that French law specifies that marriage can only be between a man and a woman. Is it a kid he believes the wedding to be invalid? Or is that invalid isn't rather rigging? See, you're just the insensitive man, just a bastery. Yeah. Tallah. Too bad. I'm not going to faint sympathy or anything like that because I don't feel it. I'm not going to come out here and say. Yeah, I feel it. No, seriously, I don't feel any sympathy about this thing. Even if I liked Reagan, which I didn't at all, but even if I would have thought he was a hell of a great president, a good guy and every stole a freight train, he's been dying for 10 years. This has been an unbelievable burden on the whole family, especially a little, a little pinhead Nancy. With her little red dress. She don't even wear the red dress anymore. She's so far blundered from this. So why aren't people saying, oh, what? No, seriously, why are they saying, oh, it's a relief. It's a blessing already. I'm America has got this obsession about dying. They just can't handle it. It's always a morbid thing. Sometimes it's a blessing. It would seem to me that once you get to about 90, you know, you start thinking very seriously about that kind of thing, right? For a blundered. What's wrong with that? Is that how you say it? For a blundered. You never heard that before. Oh, I confused like messed up in the head like for a blundered. Come on. Are you reverting to your old grayish ways again? Our blundered. Our blundered. You heard that even even a goiam know that for a blundered. Come on. They do know. Yeah, it Josh likes it. In fact, don't you think you're pitching them off for the marlins? I'm going to use that every time. Probably blundered. Yeah. Hey, then he raped. Oh, man. Like Alan Finkelson, my late great friend from Pompata Park, used to sit as only one trouble to a world too many goiam. Well said, Alan. 27 after one at five, 60 WQAM for years. You've been hearing about a laser recharge, the toner and recharge cartridge specialist. When you call a laser recharge at 1-800-287-9212, you'll deal with just Bob, the sole owner who supplies businesses with a complete line of printing and office equipment supplies. A laser recharge has got ink jets, thermocarb and paper. Supplies now that provide service support and maintenance for most makes and models of machines and make a runger like brand new again. Call 1-800-287-9212 right now. And in most cases, you can have what you need within 24 hours. A laser recharge can save you up to 50% on new cartridges compared to depo pricing. All the cartridges sold by a laser recharge are re-manufactured, not re-filled. Anybody can sell your cheap refill cartridge, but you get what you pay for. Remainufactured cartridges are the only way to go. A laser carries a complete line of cartridges for printers, copiers and taxes, along with brother and Xerox drums. A laser recharge is part of the individualized service offers a no-questions axe at the station guarantee too. So if you've been toner cartridges anything else, pick up the phone call just Bob from a laser recharge at 1-800-287-9212. Log out of the website if you like it, a laser recharge.com or call 1-800-287-9212. Well, it's my grandma's birthday and I have no idea what to get her. You'll see the gift as you sneak in the first of the machines. I guess it's in Europe. Give them a pen name from the International Health Name with the Spend. Happy birthday grandma. Look what I got you. Oh, what's this? It says at theburg-mysterg, you're healthy. Grava fresh tasty tea. Oh, I already cried. Oh, my name is... Only 49% of the International Health Name register. We're gonna give you the gift name for the precious of my annual holiday. Happy birthday, silly night. We got you a birthday. Yay, now I'm a little cheetah. Now back up off my grill, yo. Oh, that's so sweet. Everybody on your birthday in Gavement. You're gonna receive a certificate. It's a great birthday new gift name. And they get a fur hand and go to his tooth. When the holiday has the Cadillac, how's he got the name to go along with it? Thanks to the National Pit name registry. For Shethel! My Tim Pandes! Drown! My Mesa! Tee! What extra sizzles? 131 and 560. I got mine. You got your... That's your fizzles. 472 votes on the pool. They're like, what type of about this? About El Presidente. I changed it. Huh? I changed it. It changed one. The office C&N, off of the live coverage of the Hurts Roll. Oh, well, let's go over to MSNBC. They must be talking about something else, right? 1820s and 19... Oh, Pat, you can't at all my God. Holy cow, Pat, you can't in your favorite. It's a lie. I am not. I'm not saying. You ever know how much he sounds like Rick Shaw every once in a while? And anyway. 472 votes. How you doing, Ricky Tickie? 40 years on the year in San Foydney, Steling wash. That's why I watched that camp. Since 1960, who do you think is our worst president? Bush George W. Bush the truth. 318. 67.3. Two turrets. You curse. Saudi says the worst in the last 40 years. 44. Jimmy Carter 46. Bill Clinton 45. Got a good house right. School and on there. Arkansas, Georgia. Reagan 18. There would be disrespectal. I have a lot of votes on there. Worst, there would be bad. Oh, that's right. There's still doing this on... What's the BBC doing now? Maybe something exciting like the weather or world business. Lots of the epic shake up in here. It looks like it's happening. Some of the smaller low-cost airlines will go bankrupt. Oh, I just can't stand that action. Reagan 18. Nixon 14. Bush the W. Bush the W. God 9. JFK 9. 490. We know all those people must be getting glazed. 477. And L.B.J. 6 out of 472 votes. Now, wait till you hear this. Good news in bad news. The good news is that the carry people have narrowed down their choice for running made for John Kerry to three people. That's a good news. Okay. The bad news is the name of the leader. Oh, no. If I gave you, in fact, if I took 6,000 calls between now and two o'clock and gave you a guess as to who the name of the leader would be, you'd never guess it. Do you want to know why? Because we never heard of him. You never heard of him. There you go. Even I. Mr. Politically, it's through waste a lot of my time reading this crap. Even I never heard of this guy. I was going to say, Linda Lerush, but now I better rethink it. Worse. All right. Later. Well, John, John Edward is one of the three, but he's not to top it a list. The other, the third, we don't know. We don't know the tier. You, Tirk, but the leading choice right at the moment. Iowa Governor Tom Billseck. D. Iowa has a governor. I guess. Yes. Well, it may be neat figures. They can deliver those key electoral votes from Iowa. And that might swing it. You think? No, or maybe he figures that we already got these preconceived notions about some of the other possible front runners. He doesn't want to taint the, or maybe. Yeah. Tom Billseck. I never heard of that. I'm sure I was got a governor. I'm sure I was an old man as you think it might be. I've been seeing your references matter. Yeah. Yeah. He needs somebody bright and cheery and famous. Well, maybe Tom Billseck is bright. Sharing famous doesn't look like he has the mask of death. All over his face. Uh huh. Well, this will cheer you up. Here's a little bit of story. Hillsborough, North Carolina. You're neck of the woods. Now where is Hillsborough? Oh, we yonder. Do you not knew where you were? Hang out. Ain't not near where I hang out. Hillsborough, North Carolina. Police are searching for man who was naked when he picked up his fast food or this wicked adrived through window. The custom red boat jangles restaurant was described as Harry Big Billy's man about the fuck through the man. With short curly black hair that was receiving at the top of the head. And if he was naked, I guess they know. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Short curly black hair. He picked up an order at the window Monday morning at those jangles. Maybe it was Mr. Bojangles. He could have been at the boat jangles in Jefferson. He conducted his business at the drive through while wearing no clothing. And he had open his door to receive whatever. Whatever they were passing out to the drive through windows. It kept in Ross Frederick of the Hillsborough Police Department. This is the first time police have been called about him. But the man has patronized the restaurant before on those occasions. He will only is underwear or perhaps shorts that may resemble underwear. Frederick said. But I guess he was getting brazen. Maybe he was one of them hot days or some North Carolina. It been real tough since the Sarily Plant Ship. Oh, how do you like that? Or maybe an accident on his way over there. You know, I had to remove the shorts because they might have been a little on the stain side. I don't know. I get to graphic there. It's not a little bit more. Some of our constipation spots and painful defecation spots. There's not a loan. This station is going to. Back them. Gasoline caused five cents to gallon in Iraq. Thanks to US taxpayers. If it's real pleased about that. Okay. Thank you. Five cents. While Americans are showing out record prices for gas. The Rackies pay only about a nickel or gallon for gasoline. A benefit of hundreds of millions of dollars in subsidies. Bank rolled by you. The American taxpayer. Aren't you proud? Before the war forecasters predicted that by invading Iraq and Austin Sodom was saying America would benefit from increased exports of oil from Iraq, which has the world's second largest petroleum reserves. That will means he'd gas for American motorists. And to boost for the world of the Pettin American economy. More than a year after the invasion, it logic has been flipped on his head. Now the average price is for gasoline in the US is running a 205 a gallon. Fifty cents more than the pre-invasion price. Instead, the only people getting cheap gas is resull in the invasion are the Iraqis. Well that's at least we can do for like killing all their people like that and but you're not all our kids. Filming a 22 gallon tank in Baghdad with low grade fuel cost a $10 plus a 50 cent tip for the attendant a tank full of high-test cost 275. Thanks a lot. In Britain by contrast gas prices at 570 9 a gallon last week. And a hundred and twenty seven dollars for a tank full in Britain. All of our rounds. No hundred is in dollars they translated for us dumb Americans. You better hoping it impounds pound is like a bucks 70. Although Iraq is the major petroleum producer the country has low capacity to refine its own gasoline. So the US government pays about a buck and a half a gallon of fuel in neighboring countries and deliver it to Iraqi stations. A three month supply cost American taxpayers more than $500 million not including the cost of military escorts to Fedoff attacks by Iraqi insurgents. The arrangement keeps a fleet of 40 to 110 trucks constantly on the move-firing fuel to Iraq. We thank the Americans Baghdad taxidriver Osama Hasheen said they risked their lives to liberate us and other improving our lives you said. How seem 26 topping up the tank on his beat up 83 volts wagon. Iraq's fuel subsidies which are intended to modify grabbers used to low price fuel under Sodom have coupled with the opening of the board as to create an anarkic car culture in Baghdad. Cheap used cars shipping in from Europe and Asia are flooding into Iraq. A 10 year old BMW and Commission cost just five grand and because gas is so cheap anybody with a car can become a taxidriver drivers jam the streets offering rise for the little those 250 denars about 17 cents. These say he'll take about the first one or them denars and remember say he'll take the rest. Analyst say the US gas subsidies can't last forever in Iraq he's maybe in for an unpleasant shock when they end. In the meantime the American taxpayer continues to foot the huge bill the US taxpayer has the right to be a dignity in Iraq he's had to be worried about the long run damage to this said Anthony Cordsman and Iraqi analyst were the Washington based Center for Strategic International Studies. The minute the aid goes out the parties over there's going to be a hell of a hangover. I don't you ask government paid even more last year for Iraq he's gasoline between a buck 59 and a 70 again when the imports were contracted to Haliburton the Texas all services giant formerly headed by by by President this tiny. God. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Life is just one big gigantic rip off so this mind you know. This sit back and smile relax and nothing you can do about it just have one big part. Yeah just get out your best rubber Ronnie Reagan happy face and have a great day. Let me tell you right now about your health you know everybody talks to the bottom we don't want to talk out loud about it we think about it and I'll out. Cancer heart disease all these terrible things we think it can always happen to somebody else but never to watch well guess what it can and it's improvement factor disease response extremely well the treatment if you didn't take it early if you wait too long for get about it. Hollywood diagnosis centers proud of offer you their virtual colonoscopy which is so much less intrusive than the traditional one. Coronary heart scoring full body screening exams that are like miracles it's like a virtual trip right through the inside of your body that can detect cancer other life threatening diseases in their early stages before it's too late a doctor's before was never needed. I had the test the coronary heart scoring full body screening a few weeks ago it's like a major miracle for all your imaging exams call Hollywood diagnostics at 9.5.4. 9.66.36. For the test I can give you in your family real peace of mind. At Hollywood diagnosis center they offer state of the art imaging equipment with open MRI high speed CAT scan nuclear medicine and much much more Hollywood diagnostics has been serving software for over 20 years and the facility also provides you a complete mobile diagnostic service that can come right to you if you need. So call Hollywood diagnosis center could be a life saving call maybe one of the most important you'll ever make for those imaging exams that they call 9.5.4. 9.66.36. My eye and local here's course video 5.60. You a M. 5.60. You a M. 5.60. So light over heart burn. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. My TV. Oh, he's president come. Repel him muscle and in our kingdom. I don't know why. They all want his yabana easier. First comes the back for years. With president thumbs. Oh, what I can do. You got loads more small. And get to we go hold it more. In your office. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. Don't go home every time I see. How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of Saddam Husband's and crossbones. Prensigarana and designer dresses. Some of the gifts that flow to the Reagans from hats to million dollar homes from Crowley's well-compensed with government loot. It used to be called bribery. And all the while, Grinney, a grandpa, a grandfather who believed on about family values, but didn't bother to see his own grandchildren. The New York Times that he ins can't obeyed wrote that Reagan projected faith in small town American old-time values. Vatues my ass. It was union vusting in a declaration of war on the poor and anyone who couldn't buy his honor dresses. It was the new meanness bringing starvation back to America so that every millionaire could get another million. Small town values. From the movie star of the Pacific Palace States, the Malibu Mogul, I want to throw up. And all the while, in the White House basement, as his brain boiled away, his last conscious act was to kiddo an acoustic guitar against the elected Congress. Reagan's secretary of defense, Casper the ghost wineburger, with a crazed curdle-allie north, plotted to give guns to the monster of the Minista atolachamany. Reagan's voice calls him a corridor a wieny in a voice although Carter wouldn't give an inch to the eye atolach, Reagan with a film fantasy tough by Con in front of the cameras, went veying like a coward cockroach to commandy, pleading unbended knee for the release of the blared. Weirdly, was that third right gangster movie, brother Ratt, starring Ronald Reagan. While my friends, you can rest easier tonight, the Ratt is dead, killer, coward Conman, Ronald Reagan, goodbye, and good-bye, and good riddance. How do you like that? I like as it closing shot from Great Pellash, you can read it on GreatPellash.com. We got a link on a website. You don't want else we ought to have a link too. I don't want to start getting nirical, kinds of work over there. And how's there a come-over Josh on getting that stuff handed over to Josh? So, come along pretty good? Well, we probably ought to have a link to a MichaelMord.com when you think I don't think we got one on her, do we? He's working on a link to the trailer as well. Oh, to the trailer, right, just go directly. Now, is Linda England going to be in the trailer, or is she going to be out to sign autographs? I got a date with her, so she better mind that. Ah, that. Yeah, she's your kind of slut. 151, they all are. Yeah, I know. Well, when you live in North Carolina, you're going to be too picky. 151, 2560, WQ and speaking to somebody who they all are. How about Jeff Cohen? He don't think too particular. In fact, if there's anybody, I don't want to go into that. But what if only Pete's a lot in Davey Manor still going strong? Now, of course, they had that other little mistake. I tried to tell him he wouldn't listen to me, but, you know, this guy. No BS coupons at the pizza lot like the other choice because Pete's a lot. Every Thursday, our business special, where you buy one on free, and the second was half price. Every Tuesday, when you buy one eggplant, then the second one is only five bucks again. No special coup on me. Then it's just a regular deal. And every Monday, like today, if I won't listen to dinner, then the second one is only five bucks and guess what? No coupon necessary. Bring your own coup on, but don't bring no coup on. And the formula for success at the pizza lot is consistency. And believe me, speaking of poop on, well, no microwave in packets. The only restaurant in the, that has no microwave up and everything is either baked or sauteed. It cook it all fresh for you to give you gigantic portions. The food is delicious. Every pasta dish out of the sun. The best garlic rolls you ever had in your life. All of these things and so much more. Almost 200 seats at the loves. The dinner at the wait on long lines Friday or Saturday night. And they deliver the same full menu approach in the delivery area. As for Western flamingo road north of sunrise, South of times, both art east of prestigious 441. So if you want to go out for lunch dinner late night snack, this is always the place you can really enjoy in a pizza lot. Pleasure right behind pure one imports. Beyond University, drab between gr oven five ninety five here's that telephone number for catering for delivery for all of these things. Maybe for hot date would Jeff Cohen nine five four nine one six eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty eighty still going strong after all these years. The work payments pizza loft in Davy. My life and law. This is for 23.05. The program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. What's the problem officer? The boy from the vehicle. If you're a pod driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot. The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2. The new laws in effect now. So click it or be shot. Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders. It's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism. Terrorist acts such as mouth noise. Purpins and fighting. But be annoying to others. So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants. Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot. It's the law. Be like saying that the law. It will be the law man. On 57 and 560, WFU and we got Kim Boe Campers sitting by. He'll be on next for Mad Dog. Who's taking another world to serve the off? Why? I don't know why it's well deserved. Why not? Why don't you feel like it? We just don't show up. Like Friday, I'm going to go to that Reagan thing. Right. The vigil. Right. They're going to be having a vigil a couple blocks from here. I got to tell you a very disturbing story. As a matter of fact yesterday, I go to my little neighborhood 711 here. Lowered like most. If it's not Pakistanis, it's a Chinese. Okay. It's very nice. Well, I guess maybe not so nice. There's a family that runs the air coming. It's so nice. I go in there and give my son as my newspapers and whatever. Nothing. I had a boy. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I was going to go to the hospital. I said, yes, today. Oh, my goodness. I'm so sorry. I had a great respect. And boy, that was the wrong thing to say to me. Yeah, that you're going to get it. Not a whole lot. I wasn't going to like have a fist fight. I could have taken this guy. I didn't limp the Chinese guy. But seriously, I mean, the wrong thing to say, I mean, I come in here and I spend all that money. Don't don't start talking politics with your customers. Okay. That's my best suggestion for all you business people out there, especially you, uh, laundry head people or the Chinese people and convenience. Just take it a money and give it a ticket. And then that's it. And I just proceeded to go on and I'm probably a little bit too long. And he just looked at me like, like, oh, geez. You're still going to pay for the paper. Yeah, today. Yes, maybe not tomorrow. Mr. I can buy papers anywhere. Cut the crap. Although it has defense. What does he know being Canadian and everything? In other words, he never had to endure a Canadian. My ass. This guy just came off on a Chinese banana boat. He's probably not sorry. He know. Yeah. Since 1960, who do you think was our worst president? That's our second poll. That's president. We had Clinton wins by a landslide earlier today. This one is the worst. Worst to George W. Form today vote 68, 01% they hate him. Carter 57, Clinton 52, Reagan 21 would have been very disrespectful to have a higher number than that. Okay. So just go easy on old Ronnie. Okay. On old Jelly Bean. Next in 17, L. V. J. 13, Bush won the Wimp, myster George Herbert Walker 12, JFK 10 and Jerry Ford, who's going to be on L. R. K. I'm going to be sure. Mr. Jerry Ford had not. Bye. Bye. Bye. Just keeps getting bigger.