Pryder, you fass dude. This holiday season, the spirit of peace honor, and good world's forgemen, is a lie. The side by channel proudly presents, O Whitney Houston, crackhouse Christmas. Crack is rat. Life from a burnt house, a laffeted storefront, and the alley behind Friellenheisen Avenue, a Newark New Jersey. It's a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas. Crack is rat. With special guests, he has me in belief. Life Garrett, Nick Nulti, and Marion Berry. Toad the night before Christmas, I've been popped in my car, snoring some coke and drinking him from a young. It's a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas, with a surprise appearance by the Newark Undercovered our Cottage Division, and Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown. Nick crack this cheese. Brought to you without commercial an eruption, by Jamal and Tahir, who supplied them a Carter highway hood. Crack is rat. It's a Whitney Houston crackhouse Christmas. What are we disturbed or what? Anyway, it's 1553 and 560, WDQ, I'm happy how light is from our dear good friends, and from us too, at QAAM. What? I think since it's the holidays, and we're out of ratings now for like about three weeks, whatever it is. What? I'm here in Tiga to 90's here. What do you think? Maybe you want to know what I'll drop in. No, but he's done that before. Anyway, I want to move you last night. I realized I got a bunch of DVDs sitting around here based on recommendations of listeners, and I haven't gotten around to watch an column. Like Cottie, for example. Last week I watched Cottie. It was pretty good. Did you see Gotie? No. It was good. Not great, but good. Last night I watched the movie, and I would say for the first time in my life, I watched the whole thing. It's a highly old man. Recommendations of the Ying Ying. 1997 Academy Award nominee, best film of the year, since the LA Times, New York Times, New York Post, New Day, etc. And I watched it. I don't know if I liked it or not. I still don't know, though. Maybe you got to watch it again. The sweet here after. You see it? No. No. So story about a attorney in a small town in British Columbia, no less. And he descends upon a small town where they've had this horrible school bus accident. And a whole bunch of little kids got in Killed. And he's going from Fang's to the city. He's going to the city. He's going from family to family. And promising how he's been like Su, somebody. He's going to follow his big lawsuit, class action suit. And they're going to get lots of money for all these families. And come to find out that the lawyer himself, his whole life is all screwed up. He's got a daughter who's like our crack. She's like Whitney Houston. And it's not any watch it. And it gets to a certain point. I'm not going to run the ending for anybody who didn't see it. Maybe there's somebody out there to sort of into saw it. There's got to be because I think one of you recommended to me. Damn it. It was okay. The acting was very good. But it just, I don't know. It's just less you kind of like limp. You know what I mean? No. You watch the whole thing and you get chew it and like, yeah. And so what's the point? And then it kind of like ends very abruptly. Like, oh gee, well, that wasn't supposed to happen. And oh, well, let's see into that. Maybe you missed something. I was like, no, no, I didn't miss anything. I mean, I missed what they're trying to say there. But I'm not saying anything. And it's got these tremendous recommendations. Like, this is just for, of course, it's directed by Adam, the guy I'm, I mean, the guy who's legendary in his own mind. Maybe somebody after saw it. Tell me to cue in. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I know the sweet here after. And it was cool in the bus when I was in the ice. But everything after that, you're right. The ending kind of just kind of went off. And it was. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what, what? So what does it all mean? It didn't, it didn't. It didn't. It didn't. It didn't. But what the hell was the point by the time he got down. I mean, so they were all the families were screwed up just like he would deploy or was screwed up with his daughter. And everybody was unhappy. Was it morbid and depressing, I think? Yeah. Everybody ate toys, sir. Yeah, that's true. To be able to go to the ice. Thanks a lot. See you, too. See there's somebody seen in it. What are we doing? One break, I guess, because we're doing more than one. It'd be kind of tough to do it. Maybe it was in squeeze and like in the four minutes. Maybe we can like accelerate the speed and the spots like Cheek channel was doing with the music. Remember that? Remember that we're like, speeding up the spots. Or that could squeeze more commercials in like less time. Were they? Yeah. I'm pretty sure that was cheap channel, or some of, bunch of grave robbing radio bastards. It sure was nussman. We're in fact we're going to play the spots real slow. We have the highest church show. Meal Rogers mornings in midday. And we're so round and wide. To fly us into the street we can. This is the Neal Rogers show. This is the Neal Rogers show. This is the Neal Rogers show. Any questions? Fish near. Rain in the holiday season. With a voice that rains as clear as a jingle bell. It's a macy gray Christmas. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good evening award winning vocalist, Macy Gray. Singed in a style that's beyond compare. At a language that's beyond comprehension. Yeah. You're making me a macy gray Christmas. Macy sings all her eulty favorites like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On a macy gray Christmas. Macy sings all her eulty favorites like. Hi there. In your head. Right here. And this in this hyperbucy sick. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're a macy gray Christmas. I'm macy gray Christmas. Macy gray Christmas is available at your local gang. Yeah. I love it. Oh, two or five, 60 WC. I think we'll play a lot of stuff today, right? Yeah. We got my girl there because the beast is over screwing his brains out in clear water, wherever it is with his lovely girlfriends. So at the very witsy, merrily sounding at a point that out. Very witsy, posh resort. Yeah. Yeah. When you've had a rich mommy and daddy, we're paying for your apartment on brickle and paying for your like weekends over their clear water. Sure. It can be very witsy. Talk about a spoiled brat. But you did a pretty good job this week. We go. Okay. You're friend. And I'm just telling you, which is about the first time I would ever say. I mean, that's not such a great compliment because in the past, he's been an embarrassment on his show. Anytime he's ever filled in on here. He never says anything, but this week he was like a little more verbose. Maybe because he was getting whipped up about this weekend. So I think we'll play a lot of stuff because the one thing we got came handles when I start re-knowing bedtime stories, he gets really crotchety and crotchety and crotchety and he only bob crotch it. This Christmas. Here's the poll result from yesterday. They hated this poll. I think that's the lowest number of hosts we've had on a poll in Cooldzay, GPS me. They hated it. Who has the best public restrooms? I thought it was, I mean, the list is suggested it. 899 hosts. The rich Carlton 206 must be a lot of you folks like, uh, spent a lot of time in there. Huh? I can't imagine even the 266 people in this audience have ever done any business at the rich Carlton. But nevertheless, that's what you tell us. The cheesecake factory 118. Built more hotel one 13. Hard rock casino 94. I'd like to do some business in the restroom at the Hard Rock casino. And leave my signature like on the walls and the ceilings. You know what I mean? No. Shweered around a little bit. Ruth Chris stay cow 69. Barnes and Noble 66. Houston's 59. I love Houston's what are fine establishment. I don't know about their. I don't think I ever did any business of Houston's, but man, if food is good. Why is it that there are places that we know are really good, but you just never get around to go in there. You know what I mean? Don't have time. Well, Houston's always crowded too. Now, I am Houston's day head that little buzzer thing you stick in your pocket and you have to be very careful what you put a real close to. That dumb. Yeah. They still do that. What you're waiting for, you know, you give me your name. You got a little peeper and you got like a little peeper and then buzzes. It is you're in your hand or fish stick in your pocket. Or we're like right up against your private's. And then all of a sudden starts like vibrating. But anyway, Houston's 59's very good. David buss is 46. Westland Mall 43. This is the crowd that hangs out in Miss the limbo rocket to JC plays in Burtine's and Westland. I know you play. Yeah. Wasteland is right. The first thing I saw us 39 up. The only reason that was on there is the person who suggested this pool. The fancier said that toys are us with their choice. And 39 votes. So they might know something. We don't. Embassy, sweet 38 and Spring Hill, sweet, it's only eight. Because the most people never heard of that. The truckers know where it is though. Right. The truckers are hanging out with those trucks. That's okay. Yeah. Well, listen, you know, gag is slowly out there to road all those hours. Look for the QA in Van today from 1130 to 1330 to 1130 to 1130 to 11. It's the Edwin Watts golf place at 12.011. 12,000 and one Westland rise full of our words at Westland rise and one. Flamingo. You're asking me, you're the old guy. You're the old guy. You're the Rotis. Crap. East of Flamingo. Stop by the win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where our are used to make the difference and it plays is great. Am I right? I was not there anymore. No, Jason makes a difference now. Jason makes a difference. It's their food is good. Those fat fill sandwiches. Join QAM tomorrow from noon till 3. It took at a creed Mitsubishi located at 4930, 4950. North state road 7. Stop by for prizes and food again from Atlantic City subs where Jason makes a difference. I was supposed to the other sub place where Jared makes a difference and we hate your. Oh, God, what a nerd. Aren't you tired of him already? Yeah, he's the worst. By the way, he said we're here to talk about subs. We'd use him to board a ride. Give me a break. And then they play. He's got the wedding band on. They claim he got married. He goes really to me. Looks like a flamer. Also from noon to 2, a little George who sounds like one, but isn't it doesn't look like one. But he sounds like a flamer on here. George noted to be at Bill Sibles Mitsubishi and Bill Sibles Boulevard on say of savings. Northwest 36, which is west of 27th Avenue, Miami Hill have prizes and food from guess what? Atlantic City subs. Where Jason makes a difference. Okay, our beat is curtain today and we apologize for this. But look, I'm not going to lie to you. It's the holidays now from here on in till the until January 2. It's like just mishmash, you know. We're just going some time. More so than usual. I mean, I got to pretend we're going to do some fantastic radio today. We're going to, we're like, even on our website. We're just going to the, we're just a spackle more so than usual. Josie Moran, we just had a run here like a week or two ago. But for our Josh there, he's sitting there with the left over. He's from whatever George left him on there. Pretty much. So when George comes back next week, he better have to it on that beat curtain because people are going to start saying, I'm not that bitch again. Josie Moran, born May 8th, 1970, in Central Park, California. There's movies there. It's about all I can say. And actually, I forgot. But if you, we still have the Jessica Simpson photo on her. She's got like a new pan and out. Yeah. So that's there too, a little bonus for you. Born and raised in Northern California, Josie Moran. She was in the aviator, little black book, fan-housing, swatters, the maloeuvra effect, and of course, like everybody else who's got movies on the Howard Stern show. There you go. Now today's poll question. I should play butterfly kisses, not her that movie to sweet her after fits in perfect for the daughter. Yeah, because she kept calling him on his cell phone. She kept calling him. Yeah. Who's your choice for 2004 person to hear? If time magazine can do it, our group audience can do it. Who's your choice now? We've only got four on there right now, which I know this didn't put peristilton on her. Because nobody told you. Well, I'm not a pera right now. Put her on. That was Miguel Suggestion. I got George W. Bush and I say that with great shame in him, the Asian and degradation in the sorrow and despair. Michael Moore, who got my vote. Because that's bad folks. I got a stick together. Howard Dean, who kind of like revitalized the Democratic Party until John Kerry killed with again, and then the Periscillton, which I don't know what your rationale is for that. She's not. Not how I'm looking. Not how acting not how any of it. She's a big. Because I mean, the sign is true. Because she's got a lot of money. She's got the big bucks. For us, I'm concerned. She ain't got nothing. What is it that she's got beside the money? Anything? She's got celebrity. Yeah, but what is she got to make sure celebrity? You have to have like some ingredient. It's that she's a celebrity. A lot of media high. Oh, there's Periscillton said this and our ugly sister also said that. Nobody cared. Well, the problem is people don't care. Just like Amber Fry is writing the book. I was thinking of myself, what kind of person other than these shut-in fat housewives and trailer trash? Who's going to be reading about Amber Fry? Would anybody really care about Scott Peterson and Amber Fry? In fact, let's get it over with already. Just fry his ads. And that's the end of it. Of course, the taxpayers in California are going to be paying millions to keep his ugly ass alive for a very long time. Just fry him right now. I don't know they don't do that anymore, but let's make another session. Put it right there on like a barbell while there's special on ABC. Paperview. Right. Paperview. I paid a watch. But I paid a watch. How much would you pay? I'm 30 minutes. Watch Scott Peterson get off. That'll work. 30 bucks. Sure. Better watch another one. Lay mass fixed Tyson fights. How many QA and hello? Now see, that's not a good way to start. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, Neil. You're going to pick me up cold like that. Take care. That's the way we do. We pick everybody up cold. Okay. Speaking of cold, it ain't too good down here today. It's cozy here. It's like minus six Celsius, but it's sunny. Anyways, not raining like there. I ran into an old friend of mine this morning. He's a flight attendant for a major airline. And him and I had a long conversation. And somehow religion came up. And I asked for a. I asked what religion he was. And he said, Catholic. Yeah. So I turned around and I said, hey father. If they say you can't, I don't turn around. That's not a good idea. Anyway, I said father, can you help an old doctor boy? Yeah. And he says all that sounds familiar. What movie that from? I said, I'll give you another clue. Father, can you help an old old boy? I said the power. The power. The power. The power. He's so proud of you. Yeah. That's what I said next. He goes, he all the exercises. He says you're not going to believe this. He said on his flight last night. In first class, he had Linda Blair sitting in first class. Isn't that sweet? So hold hold. So I asked him. I said, what does she look like? Sally? Scruggers? You know, because I'm thick and she's fat and heavy. Right. Rose looking. He said, she's absolutely gorgeous. Yeah. Beautiful, beautiful, polite, nice, beautiful. Just like Reagan. Yeah. Exactly. And Captain Howdy. But isn't that kind of freaky? Yeah. That is freaky. I'm sure you're there from listening to the show. You've got this. My psychic powers are transferring to you. There you go. Have a happy power. Okay. See all the people out there put your hands on the radio. My psychic powers will transfer to you. Maybe I like you when the lot of you get the numbers. You know, pop it in your head. Yeah. I thought I worked it. Or maybe you'll meet some big celebrity on a plane or somebody who met a big celebrity like an AK. Right? Maybe you'll meet somebody who was in the sweep here after. I don't know. There were no big name actor type people. And I'm a real see who was in it. It was with Ian Holmes. No. Yeah. That's it. Ian Holmes. No, right. You're not the Ethan Hawke or chicken hog. But I don't know. Ian Holmes. He was good. He played the lawyer. He was the main character in the movie. But it's just, I don't know. It was just like an hour and 52 minutes of depression. That's all. It was very depressing. And it was a typical trailer trash. A little town. And I went to everybody was doing the one guy who was doing his daughter. And everybody would do the other guy who was meeting this bitch in a hotel and the hotel and doing her. And so there are a bunch of trailer trash. Well, is that a surprise? You didn't British Columbia or any other little town in North America. I would think not. Now, it no big names. This movie was up for movie. Oh, this movie. You're looking at this and it just you think this movie is just phenomenal. I think that's why I think I hated it. No, but because you see, I'm a, which I really allow that to happen. I don't let myself get influenced by the lack of the vanilla ice cream or McDonald's. I know what I like. And I like it. I don't care whether anybody else likes it or not. If I like it, that's good enough for me. But just a jacket on this DVD thing, 1997 Academy Award nominee Best Director, Best in Epid Screenplay. And then they got all these guys who, these critics who said Best Film of the Year. Well, 97 must have been a really weak year for movies. If that was the best film of the year. I just want to know those artsy parks. Don't crap. No, it wasn't so much artsy parks either. There were some breathtaking photography in here like on the mountains. You don't British Columbia and the snow. And of course on my new set. It looked fabulous. It looked really, really great. But, huh? Well, that was about the highlight. That was the best thing I could say for it is that the snow and the mountains and the sun looked really great on HD. But other than that, forget about it. When you read all that crap, you get high expectations. That's right. And I'm sitting there waiting okay. Well, something really great is going to happen. But it never did. Thank you, baby. Yo, son, dragon after a tough day, ramen over fat piece. The you need to chill in a J.C. poor little planet. The only chance is that by me, multi-plat in the recording artist J.C. Check this bad boy out. The guy who's been tripping the J.C. poor little planet got 24k gold cap holders and armrests. Big enough to hold 8 magnets of crystal young and they see this extra wire. Just in case you're sure to be on stage, that's fine. You're all saying. Such as you what you're done and they're boy. What a big. And here's the best part. The J.C. poor little planet are just a poor position young. Business, business, relax and a mad pimp. And take this. The bad J.C. poor, put with these poor best. It's perfect. We're putting our Kelly Day. He'll off your stage. Yo, what the? Yo, what the? J.C. poor little planet is just a poor little yoke trip today. 1118 at 5.16. WDQAM. 59 votes are on a poll. Who do you think is the person of the year for 2004? Michael Moore 31 Howard Dean 11. George's WD has got 11 and the person who got six. That's the only names we've got on there yet. But we'll get a bunch more. But first couple of taxes here. New levels are right wing censorship. This one says from a real chronic. Last night I was in an AOL chat room arguing politics with LUNI right wingers. My question of that is. Yeah. Arguing politics with LUNI right wingers. Really productive. Thought that you saw your time. And one point I asked is question why is it when a soldier comes back from Iraq and systems aren't going very well there. He gets labeled a liberal comedy fag. Some right winger reported me to AOL and they shut down my account. I had to call this morning have it reinstated. The moral of the story is if you have an opposing view that will shut you down. While we know that. That's the only correct. By the way, freedom is on the march. Evolution is only a theory in the world of flat. It's only matter of time before they start burning which is this weekend I think. It's Salem. Is what they're going to be doing. There's another fact from Jay who says Barack Obama for the poll. That's an excellent choice. You got it on there yet? Yeah. But I will. Any second. I hope to see you here more. Him in the future. I say Barack for a person in 2008. He'll be great. Also, I love the show. Now, see this is like a little. Here it is. It's the 17th of December. You know what? Anniversary. This is today just dawned on me. No. Let's see. 28 years ago. December 17, 1976. WKAT. I came out of the closet on the ear and said, hey. Yeah. How do you like that? That's a little energy. I mean, it's no Pearl Harbor Day. But it's just something. I'm a home home. Right. Also, it says I love the show. But I'm looking forward to the second. He even said it's in the George show for a little change. Well, a good news for you, Jay is that starting next Thursday, George will be on all the way through the end of the year. I'm a vacation. So there you go. It's coming. Excellent. It's like a little dig. Love to show. But you're getting a little pond of a sin to old and the like our cats. So we want George back on. George will be back Monday, by the way. Because he's just, when you stop, yes, suspended a sentence. Okay. Just cut the crap. Suicide and scatedral standoff at the Crystal Cathedral. Oh, no. A standoff between police and a church employee who opened fire with a handgun at the Crystal Cathedral. And the early today when the man shooting and killing himself. No one was hurt when the man initially began shooting yesterday. And children and they care, say, we're rushed to safety. The man stayed inside the complex for several hours. And shot himself as often as he tried to talk to my, he hold up in a bathroom. I bet it was a messy bathroom too. Probably Reverend Schuwis felt that they would have been clean in the tea rooms. There's got probably wouldn't get like all claustrophobic and maybe he just got maybe distanced just got to him after a while. You think Louis brains out. There was a dialogue. And then the officers heard the gunshot. Garden group. It kind of like what's his name Andrew Clinton and remember that? Oh yeah. Yeah, they heard a gunshot. Then then I'll never forget they went inside the houseboat and there's nobody in there. Well, let's go back. There's a lot of smoke and stuff and let's go back again because we put all the tear in. Oh, there he is. That was great. What outstanding police work man. That was the best. Okay, let's get some of the names for the full and quit screwing around. Also, we'll play like a whole bunch of stuff today. I think I should play butterfly kisses and other that awful movie. Great bit. Thank you. Hello. Oh, no. Okay. Reverend Jones. Come to cue. You guys are driving me crazy. Yeah. What do you want to do? With the sweet you're after it's a great movie. Oh, yeah. Now see, you're because you're stoned off your ass all the time. You're the kind of guy. This is under one of those movies. He did acid first. You probably would enjoy it. What was so good about it? It sounded like they were out to hide it. So one thing that they stood out best selling books and most of the great movies. So what it's based on. See, I'm not impressed by that. I saw it. In other words, it's like saying, oh, this is a 16 star rated restaurant. If I go in there and have a crappy meal, I don't care how many stars anybody gave it. Even the full was the star and David. I don't care. If it's not. You think like the. You could have stopped the question. I didn't like think. I don't think I'm going to get paid to think. That the trailer trash people you were talking about. That was the whole thing of the movie was. These people were a lot in their little live screw and around on each other. Yeah. So is that like a bulletin? Is that like a big deal? No, but they had all these more of the secrets and when that accident happened, all of a sudden, they were like trying to cover up or they were trying to get them to make money. And he was like trying to get refrained. Well, I mean, first of all, the guy I was banging the chicken, the motel room. He wasn't covering anything up. No, but they had like this secret affair that was going on in the. Yeah. The whole world exploded when this box was. I think I've never saw Peyton place. I mean, how many years ago was that? She's. That's a lot. I don't know. You must be. You must say it's found a good stuff. She said that you said that you thought the ending we saw that. But didn't you think that was a great twist that the girl that was being a. No, no, no, no, no, no. Don't say it. Don't say it because then nobody will watch it. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You want to do it. You want to move in for some of you. You're not going to watch it anyway. Okay. So in other words, the girl said she lied and she says she's rather this pedometer. And she said, I was the right thing. I will say this. The very end when he got on. He went to the airport. Yeah. And he gets shot and he's given the. Can't were limber whatever. And he looks in there driving the bus at the airport. Is the bus driver to woman who is the bus driver. And here that thing off the road and the frozen lake. And she was like, but the little kids take them to a museum or something. Right. Right. That part was good. But that lasted like 30 seconds. Yeah, but I just thought I'd seen it like three or four times. Oh, I just moved. Oh, come. Oh, come. Prida, man. You must have fallen in hard times. But that do me a favor whenever you want to move you on your fantastic system. Smoking a little pot. And it will open your mind a little bit to see. Because it will nuance. And the right. And you said you have to be stunned to enjoy this. You probably also like video drone. So come and see my play. Why? Down into the bit. One hotel. We're doing our job. Why is it like my great team room is in thevilleville hotel. And in fact, what about from previous play? It'll make you. That's the irony of the dog doing plays there. They're always like these raw, violent plays in this beautiful little hotel. And the coral gay holes. It had beautiful arrest rooms. So anyway, why do you want to play a plug or not? What is that? I see do you want to plug your play? Sure. It's the same guy who built killer Joe, which was a huge shit about five years ago. When I was back in town. Yeah. I was a big kid. And Tracy left. Talk about trailer trash. He's plays about these trailers trash characters that always try to do the wrong thing. And if it's a great team surviving, there's new to be this violence. There's blood. And it's a great twisty. But actually you would love to because it's about terror and oil and the government taking over the country. Sounds good to me. What these trailers trash people that live in a public city? So much drama trash and so little time. But it was written during the level of the city bombings. But it's funny because it really resonates now with W. So if you get a chance come see it. And it's runnin through new years. Oh, well, well, you can maybe I'll come and see if I sure doubt it. Well, I'm happy you're hollowing. What's up a little? I have to have to say that by the way. You know, he also has past this. He'll be over to see you. Where? Yeah, probably said. Well hang out after the plays over and we'll go get a drink. Yeah, go smoke. Yeah, go smoke. I want one. Okay. Say goodbye captain Dave. Get the same naked. So like I said, Oh, I'm doing the whole day. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, what a thought. Here's one. It says, even though I hate him like poison. You have to put the Donald on list. Let's put Donald Trump on there. Just put those people away. Because he's on television again now. And because everybody's watching that show and you fired it. And you fired it and the if I, you know, stuff like that. Don't you know, you're fired it. Donald Trump. It'd be a lot of marginal people. Let's put some trailer trash on. Let's put some trailer trash on. Let's put some trailer trash on. It's a lot of shit. Give me a copy. Yeah. It's a lot of shit. There's two things on it. Daddy, you're loser. He said he's from heaven, and she said he's a little girl. I would let go in my pants. I got a lot of junk. I got a lot of junk. Yeah. I've got a lot of junk. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I think Mommy cheated on you. I think Mommy cheated on you. What's up? I think we're time for a little more fun. All in forever. Why is a man on his hair? I'm so lonely. I'm so dumb and something wrong. Daddy why don't you get a job? To deserve a home, give it all. And what if my kisses and now? Daddy can all be here. Sweetest things to do. I'm dropping out of high school. Just look, like a mom, a little more every day. Daddy I'm pregnant. One part, one. See other part, Dur. I don't know who the father of you and me. From ribbon's hand, Dur. Rast it and shake our hands. When is on a great thing? I drove the car into a tree. I remember. Can you just send me some cigarettes? What if my kisses and now? I'm out of dose for the brightening grown. You change your name today. Dad, I'm getting married again. You should make a promise. And I'll give her away. Dad that's my ass. Standing in the bridal. Just staring. I think I have a simple ass. You have me what I'm thinking. And I said I'm not sure. I'm not a bad girl. We're all always. And we're... Hey, pop. We're moving in. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I have to move. I'm a lesbian. 23, 27, and a moon. Happy holidays from all your piezons at 5.60WQM. How's that signal day? How many were I watched? About 30 minutes. About 30 minutes. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a woman. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian! I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. I'm a lesbian. Did you go to a magazine right yet? If you have friends or HIV a aunty aren't you? A woman? I'm a lesbian. If I have friends or even a gay area? You don't get to a stage when you get to a stage when you kat honours. Black Fiency. I'm a lesbian. The woman is voit. I have hormones. A woman is men and women. I feel cheeky if women are gay. I feel cheeky if women are gay. The woman is seen in aSNL chain. The woman is seen in a SNL chain. friend is part of a scheme to avoid returning to Iraq. That's right. Roberts who served seven months in a doctor in the US and Dayton in 2003, we do to report back to Fort Stewart Georgia on Wednesday, police said he is a supply specialist with the Army's third infantry division. According to commanders at Fort Stewart, they said Roberts has been in the armistice in 2001. Was on a two week call. They leave it as home and call it off. And a friend should have been lagging. He's still going back. I think he was there long enough. Yes, may not you. They don't want to go. They do not want to go. And what are they going for? Does anybody know? No, no. They signed up. Murdoch's $44 million New York pad. $44 million. The anxious, the obnoxious, the right wing, the HIPAA group report Murdoch, who dazzles you with TNA on Fox Entertainment Channel while be giling in the distressing the rights of us with his right wing, paranoid crap on Fox News Channel. Rupert Murdoch, chairman and CEO of the media giant news corpus, agreed to violate Lawrence Rockefeller's fifth afternoon penthouse apartment for $44 million. The published report said today. Poor baby. I'm not impressed. We're pretty Murdoch. I mean, I know he isn't care coming first and I'm just telling him. I don't really care to me. He's a piece of turd. New York Times said the billionaire media mogul will pay the asking price for the three-story apartment in a lavish co-auth at 834-50 Avenue. The price tag would be the highest price ever paid for Manhattan Department of the deal goes through the paper. Said setting a person is familiar with the deal. The offer is accepted Monday. The representative of the state was responsible for the sale court of the times. And what's the contract to sign by Murdoch? He and his family must also be approved by the co-auth board of the building. Oh, you're rejected. Okay. We don't bring in trash like you, Rupert, and you're a crazy family. Okay. You're out. They must be approved by the condo board. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm still in shock hearing from Capriet. I don't know which has got me like a little more off my feed. Watch the neck moving. Then for him. See, it doesn't surprise me that he would tell us that he liked that movie. Oh, he's watching three or four times. Yeah, he's watching 20 or 30 times. Stone off his ass. Crawl on on the floor, reaching for his life. The sweet character in Adam Aguyem film with Ian Holmes. I didn't like it. And only now, only all these hours after I watched it, I'm finally admitting to myself that it was pretty weak. WQA and hello. QAM. Um, thing in the ring. Um, thing in the ring. WQA and hello. I'm going to go with you. Yes, sir. Um, for the Paul, Dave, why don't you start? Yeah, I'm alright. Alright. Okay, there you go. Dave wants to put him on there. Let's have a few comedy people on there. What do you say? All right. He's a funny guy. Don't miss that. I'm just thinking of myself. Maybe that guy's trying to say, I'm not. Stand. Yeah. Think about it. Stand. Here's the facts from Joe who says, I don't get a chance to call him very often. Probably a good idea, Joe. But I want to comment on a few things discussed on your show this week. First of all, we'll afford to spot machines in our longer solar casinos. The manufacturer is realized how popular the machines have become in an essence. Leases them to casinos, wishing to obtain them. Any casinos wishing to obtain these machines and I must pay the manufacturer if 3% of the profits forever. Wow. So in other words, that's more proof that those of us who now Miguel plays slot machines in the casino. I have. I don't go. No, I'm not. Now see right off the back defensive. You see that? No. You've been there a new play. I'm in the sound like you're afraid that people are going to think you're like, something like that because you play slot machines. You've seen a young people old people, men, women, everybody plays. You know, give them a shot, right? Right. And you're buddy across the glass there. Josh is just terrified to play. You're afraid. And if in a pecking if you're going like with a grouch or a disguise, you know, with a glass is in the most much dash to the big nose. Maybe he might play him. These are pretty good. We just what I'm in it. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it is. That must be it. I don't know what the other reason would be. I mean, we're going to see, you know, not be tempted. You must have tremendous willpower, not to like just a couple of coins and say, you just try your luck. But the only casino I'm at is when I go to Vegas. And I'm just not interested in playing the slots. Okay. We believe you. All right. Joe, secondly says I have a Sicilian girlfriend. She tells me the translation of students is all geez. I've spent. Remember, Joe Schmidt, great linebacker for the detour lines on the years ago before you were born. Last night, heard you say there is no Jesus. Jesus was a historical figure. I think his sterical figure might be. We don't know if there was a Jesus or not. There are several first century historians who have confirmed the existence of Jesus independently of the Bible. Oh, right. The most notable of these was Josephus Flavius, without whom our knowledge of the first century would be very limited. The only account we have of the events that messada for instance came messada. I wonder if that's kind of like Isabella Cassada came from Josephus. He told us there was a man named Jesus who wandered ancient as you're performing miracles and preaching the kingdom of God. He also confirmed the existence of John the Baptist. Mind you, he didn't talk about the divinity of Jesus or whether he was a Messiah or not. Those are matters of faith. They didn't confirm there was a man in the flesh who put that description, who fit that description. And it is very unlikely he decided to perform toward Jesus because your seephus was himself Jewish. He just told it the way it is. Okay, Joe, thanks. Whatever your say man, you'll seephus, he demand. Right? Here's a fact that says, thanks a lot every time I hear butterfly kisses. I feel like getting a vast sick to me or blowing my brains up. Or if maybe you had like a little girl that you weren't planning on just to... You can't even in the lake. Yeah, that might do it. See, sooner or later everything that we got in here comes in handy for some force. There will be a day when this will actually have some, like, some significance. For my, let's get a lot more names on there. We actually put day wants that on there like a little crankboat. He'll get some votes. Sure. One of the sports figures in South Florida. Are there any other sports people like, like, Rickie? Rickie Williams will be there. So it seems a meal, Roger. So it's a special advice for us to ask you, Amy. And... These are Christ. Go, go, go, go. You're going to start my daughter, right? A Christmas morning, I'm going to sh** him. So girl, this girl leads her down. He's making all this, he's checking it, right? If he checked her twice more, that'll make him five, and it falls in tiny, tiny town. Go, you're stupid. I don't think he's taking you when you're stupid. I know when you're happy. He's saying, I want a TV, so go for it. Go for it, go to the site. All you've gotta be done. So be like this. I'm going to quit. And don't you crush that ass, girls, as well as a child. Oh, I'm a child. You must like Santa, I see you. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. I can't get any script of pull. What do you say? Even though I don't watch it pretty in a hate-like poison. Yeah. No, big news. And that would laugh. Listen, there wasn't much else going on. We said the ugly, grotesque unnecessary, and the totally gruesome unacceptable war. And the tricks to listen, I noticed nobody said John Kerry, do we really want to do that? Do we want to go there? Do we think you'll get any votes? Well, put them on there. Dave Wands said, it's already got two and Ricky's got one. Here's a fact that says, hey, Neil, here's some words to live by. When trying to talk to the right wing nut jobs. From the Bible Book of Proverbs 1622, I quote, Wism is a fountain of life for the wise, but trying to teach stupid people as a waste of time. This is an exact quote from the Bible. Says this. Facts are. But I read it. Trying to teach stupid people as a waste of time. And that is, uh, Absolutely correct. Trying to share over that. Oh, speaking of John Kerry in fixed elections, the Ohio Supreme Court Chief Justice yesterday threw out a challenge to the state's presidential election results. The 40 voters who brought the case will likely be able to re-file the challenge, though. Chief Justice Thomas lawyer ruled that to request improperly challenged two separate election results. Ohio law allows only one race to be challenged in a single completely. Since they're going to have to do it all over again, they will. I'm sure the challenge was backed by the anxious Reverend Jesse Jackson and Cliff Arnebeck, a columnist attorney for the Massachusetts face Alliance for Democracy, the Martinez Bush's campaign of high-tech vote steaming. And those people are. That's so lowly correct. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Painting fraud, voter-cened reports of voting machine errors, double counting of ballots and assorted voting machines, and predominantly minority precincts as reasons to throw out the results. In other words, the darker the precinct, the more votes get tossed out. Ohio and its funny electoral votes, well, we know that. They've determined it. So, what's a mandate he won by a landslide, you know, 119,000 votes. It was 136, now it's 119. I'm sure by the time they get done with all of our recounting and refiguring and re-effixing, it'll be like about 80,000 votes. Oh, it's a big mandate. He's got a lot of political capital to spend. That's why we can go and kill a whole bunch of more people now. And sacrifice more American lives. Let's get some more serious names on this list. I guess it just wasn't anybody like real stand out. And he's stick out in this last year was there. It was kind of like, huh? I mean, Michael Moore, I would think is right. Whoever else is, he's in the lead. He's got a commanding lead and why not. See, I'm not of those people that doesn't apologize for being a big Michael Moore fan. Why the hell should we? You know, I mean, if some people would say, well, I enjoyed the sweet here after I watched him 10 times. But I'm one of those says, I watched a voting for column by an fair and high nine, 11 several times each. And I'm still going to watch him again because Michael Moore is a genius. And he's got a big pair of balls. And he tells it like it is. Michael Moore's 67 for personal year 2004, George's WWE 27, Howard D.N. 18, Peris Hilton 13. And see, when she's got 13 votes, that tells you how weak the field is for this. No, seriously, what is the deal with her? She's ugly, man. She's got a nasty skinny little pin though. She's a pinhead. I mean, you're now, let me ask him a girl about Avril Lavigne. Did you get an email at that center? I got to email. But what is that? There was no message with it. Oh, she's really cute. I like her. Oh, we should have had Miguel on our week. I know it. No wonder I got sandbag on this. Yeah, I'm getting such crap all week long from Josh and from the beast of Avril. Oh, she's describing. She's seen the do it in my real music. Well, it's rather her. She's fine. No, not like some great musicians. She's not going to be like, you know, we weren't judging music or anything. No, no, they're giving me everything. I don't think she's cute. I think she's like a pinhead. She's a pencil head. But I mean, she's cutesy. I would say that. You know that difference between cute and cutesy? Yeah. Yeah. She's cutesy. She's fine. And I know it's Josh and argue with you about it. No, I think she's okay. Look, and I just don't really like her music. Well, that's fine. You don't have to like her music. I don't care what you like it or not. Lady Moran, I have to like vanilla ice cream. I think about what's going on. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, but Brittany's got more than who needs music when you got what she's got, right? You can't really compare. Yeah, I'm pretty pretty Brittany with opera lovin. And then like a little over the top. Yeah. Shame on you, McIr. Yeah. I'm asking up on him. Michael McGill Moore, 69, Bush, 27, Howard D.N. 18, Periscillton, 14, Barack Obama's moving up the latter. He's got 13. He's great. Donald Trump five. They want that. Three. He's the best. Ricky Williams, two. Ken Jennings won. And John Kerry just went on their 150 to votes. That's always been Kerry's problem, Lively. Just a little bit short. WQAM, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I have a question. I like to know if you could tell me the answer, if somebody could do some research. Is there a way to cross out the break? I did do the break. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Is it or is it not true that Rudolf Rudolf that Murdock, Rupert Murdock on Syrect TV? It just. People should cancel and droves and either put up and tendons or go back to- Why is that? Because he's a scum. Well, we know that. The fact that a matter is he owns Fox News. There are people every by every cable company's got the Fox News on there. I mean, you can't escape him. He's just too big the runaway from. Do you know that he has Fox News on three different channels if you have direct TV? Really? So you run into a way that you want to or not. And Lively, I just get through saying you can't. And he's like a booge man. Every way to look up your pillow. There's Rupert Murdock. Great. News, papers, TV, magazine, views, new activities everywhere. I have a nomination. I think he's the anti-Christ. Probably right. My nomination would be Raymond J Johnson Jr. You can call me right here. You can call me here. Oh, yes. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 5, 5, 6, 6, 8, 0, 5. 5, 5, 6, 6, the under Verizon and Singular Wireless Line. WCQA and hello. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir, Mr. Crawler? I got one for your par. All right. The little survey, too. Yeah. Soft 40, you have to go to the secure. Oh, no. Jack, there you go. Jack. All right. You got a man. And hey, another one. Not all of our truck drivers like George Gagois. There's enough female chicken heads and the truck stops. All right. Good. Good to hear it. Have a good day. Spread it around, pal. When it does spread it around. Although I'm here lots of stories about those rest stops. I don't know about too many achiques at the truck stops. You ever heard that? No. You just try to cover his ass with that one. That's about 0.560, pound five 60 and a variety of it. Get all the, yeah, he'll be heads and shoulders. Mostly heads about the other ones. Man, his head is about to size like four people. You know what? That'd be a good pull question. Take something. Who's got the biggest head? What about that's all about? You think, and I'm not saying that's checked in steroids because that would be terrible. I'm sure he did not. Aren't you positive he did not? No. There's no way. No. Not one or a shack. But the fact that a matter is for anybody's head to get that because I don't have to say very bonds head is like gross. It's all well. Not just his ego. But figuratively, but I mean literally as head has become like four times the size that he used to be. WQA and hello. Pretty good. How about Johnny Damen and the World Championship in Boston, RETO? Johnny Damen is the person of the year. Coach Hillin. What about Coward and Sam was just going to say Coach Hillin. We saw hope I was hoping you wouldn't say that because he's a burden and banana. Can we hate it? Yeah, that's why I don't like them anymore because we're going to have to. Okay. Whatever one of these guys want to put on their will put them on. All right. Thank you. I think it's going to give some real serious dolphin ass on Monday night and I'll be watching that in high definition man. I'm going to be traveling from that. That's going to be beautiful. It is going to be just amazing to watch that. I couldn't be wrong. Maybe they just want to show up. The stranger things have happened. You know, when you when you have your team and you're playing like a girl's team once in a while, they just forget to show up. They're like looking ahead. You have a lot of adults. Not a lot of money there football. They won't do that. They want to do that. They'll check with not permit that. 5. 5. 6. 6. He had a Verizon and sing it over on this line. WQAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. That wasn't even him. QAM. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got something to tell you. Show see this guy. Yeah. And everything that was written by just heapsis is written in one style while the Jesus Christ up is written in a completely different style. So I'll be damned. It was probably answered by one of the folks or something. Yeah. I got nothing for your post. I don't swing that way. But I'm saying go ahead. I'm going to do two boys. He's just upset about Adam and the guy. The guy didn't like that movie. This week or after. And you know what's going to happen? Well no we had the other guy that started. We got two people out of scene and the first guy didn't like it and can create a scene at how many times. Tell me. WQAM. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. Tell me. I'm going to throw a pass from sitting on his ass. That was good. That was a good throw. That was a good throw. Oh great. Great. Whatever you said. Look for the QAM band today. I mean JJ touch you feeling he is emblematic of the entire organization man. He is so you know it's the Ra Ra syspoonba. Look how hard he's trying. He's not that we can barely walk. He's holding his ass. He's holding his finger. He's shaking his hand. He's like always. Oh, you got to hit again. You know I mean say again. AJ. It's a context for okay. You're not playing touch football. You idiot. Seriously. He's just too fragile. He's like a china doll. He's like, oh, I got to hit again. And that of course is because the offensive line probably is like laying down on him. You know what I mean? They probably hit him like poison. I don't know. You're wrong. They're really playing for him. And they're playing for coach Norman Bates. Try to get. Look third win. Right. Look for the QAM band today. Now seriously. Wouldn't you think that the last three games that we just kind of go through the motions. I mean money that they won't have to try. But I mean they want to number one draft pick. This 49ers. I don't know who the other two teams here. They played well. I don't know who we're going here. Who wants number one draft pick? The dolphin shoot. The players don't care. We mean by that. The players don't care. So I'll read you. Tell me the players are just playing for the money. They don't care whether the team gets better. But they have a good one for themselves. They got to play good or if they won't get traded. And then we'll get their money. Look for the QAM band today. 11 30, which is right now. That's why I'm reading the promo again. Till one 30 this afternoon at Edwin Watts Golf at 12.0.0.1. West sunrise Boulevard. Where you said it's like East Defomingo, West Defomingo. Just look for the flamingos. Stop by the win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlanta City. Sub Square. What's his name? It's the different. You want to sing to win? For this one. I'm five six six eight. Two eight. And. This is Mark Morgan. Is the 12 to one hour on QA. Two eight down. Six year will have more love. I can see it now. I bet they'll cure that count. Not even five a cure for that gun like for more. When you feel your SUV, that dance will all be free. You win was front door taxes. That was still going down. In weather will not use taxes. O'Namow will be found. I know there will be peace through every new east. All peaceful graduate and queer eyes will be. So straight, please let it to be great. I sure hated this year. Don't be forced or it's elections. And no more fuel infections. TV will be clear. And star Jones will be in here. Let's all look up. The bright night is. Two thousand five. Twenty five. Twenty five sixty. W.M. Let's take a look at that schedule. They mad dog or course. Obviously, another day off today. Right. Got to get in that three day weekend to prepare for Monday. That football. Right. So we got Curtis Stevenson today at. In the studio. It's two. We got the Humphor at four. It's the most. And then heavy duty. I notice the big all at hooders in federal pines. Seven o'clock. He's back at ten. That's what my schedule says. Any was out. Sick last night. Hopefully he's back tonight. Right. Do we know? We don't know. We're working on it. Let's see. Oh, get out and hear it. Tom will run. Get out. You crazy person. Not to me. Any more factors from this. John and. Come be shot to your eyes. Crazy person. He's nice. Seriously. I mean, ever. I'm going to tell Georgia. Same thing. You're out. John. He's a silly person. It's nothing to put funny stuff. In the NSAs, he ought to resign. And so does Turnlott. And so to a lot of other people. John ants his home and dreared. Whatever that means. Now, we got to have a cubus story. We went with Miguel. There today. And I wouldn't let you down. Cuba puts up massive billboard, showing Iraqi prisoner abuse and front of U.S. Mission in Havana. Cuba responded yesterday to the U.S. Guplicit Climansas refusal to take down Christmas decorations by putting up a huge billboard in front of the U.S. intersection in blazing with a swastika, and showing photographs of Iraqi prisoners being abused by American soldiers. The billboard put up overnight had a large swastika in red and the word fascist covered with a made in the USA stamp. It's that prominently on the Amalachone, Madhikone, Havana's coastal highway facing the mission's office. There was no immediate response from American to France in the event. Of course, the US intersection headed by Chief James Kaseon, a gnawed to demand earlier this week to remove Christmas decorations that occluded a reference to this in Celebafan Elcantra's government. The trimmer's included a Santa Claus candy canes and white lights wrapped around palm freezing sound reading 75 irrefference to 75 cumidiscence CL last year. Cuban Parliament speaker Ricardo Alarco and Carl Design rubbers this week and said, Cossonne seems desperate to create problems. Or that Kaseon, Kaseon, or the Kaseon's keep rolling along. Cuba had one of the US's intersectionary move that decorations are face-on specified consequences. No other officials from castors administration have come along the SPAT. Maybe they SPAT on it. Thank you. Probably. We've got to play a lot of Christmas stuff today. Don't worry, I keep saying that and it's already 1203 for crying out loud. We're almost out of here already. That's a shame. And then, oh, right. Here's line nine for the first time today. This is going to be sensational. QAM, hello. Hey, you, I was very, though, not much about American history if you keep comparing to Bush administration and Matthews. Yeah, right. All right, bye. You've up the whispering there, what? No, I'm on the whispering. I was all that came. No, I was a bit too fat. No, okay. 560, 050, 60. What is America? What is American history? Have to do with Nazis, huh? Right. Yeah, I keep kind of, I'm not even going to respond to it. Okay, just that's the whisperer doing trying to do a real call. I guess. Good material man. Oh, maybe here's the real one. QAM, hello. And that's office. Oh. Hey. Ha ha ha ha ha. I've heard from him in a long time. Oh. WQAM, hello. Good, but you're a little bit more. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. No. Good. WQAM, hello. How's going, Neil? Okay, pal. I got a person for the poll. Yeah. How's current? Your buddy. How are current? First of all, the year, 2004. You've got a man on the Y, but oh, and the CF. Have a happy holiday. See, unless you move quickly, like somebody I know used to say in the air, if you move quickly, you can get in now as you sit to with all the lines empty. How are it, Stern? You think he's going to get a lot of votes? He is pioneering. He's leaving the commercial radio behind just in case you haven't heard it for the first 40,000 times. He's going to get serious. And he FCC says, we're not going to tap over that. If you go on there and you all have potty mouth crap, you won. Sounds pretty interesting to me. WQAM, hello. Hello. I'm part of the, Neil. And back to you. Oh, yeah. Do me a favor of keeping in mind that great, uh, dolphin parody song matches show how great they've been to the season. Uh, do you want to play that yesterday? Do you know the show I think? Oh, man, come on. Just score a good reminder and go. Go, Patios, get the kick some dolphin cool with. Okay, thanks, pal. Yeah, I'll play it a little later. Maybe. You think I did not play that right the end yesterday? I think I did. Yes. I'll see. I'll see if the mood strikes me. It seemed to that I'm going to watch the sweet here after again, right in the middle of the show. What are the other? WQAM, hello. Tell us a bit. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. About Gary, doesn't it? Oh, yeah. He's the best. He'd be the best. Okay. Yeah, put Gary Benven on there. Just another clown vote. The biggest jackass in the earth. He, uh, he's definitely in the top 10, one of the contenders. Just go and Gary, you idiot. You simple, man. I just, I told you before the show. I don't really care. I just, uh, don't miss it all that much. And I'm here and other people say I screw them all. You know, the hell with him. I have to say it works for one. There's sweet, no plan for somebody. I'll put him on a cannon. He made a ton of these. I have the thing that was, uh, what they've seen, uh, after sign-up contact. Yeah, how about some leaf slunch? Wanna hear something? Do you like that too, Frank? Yeah, it's a great one. Well, we got some hot. We got a full avoid man, central hockey league. We got some old games from 400 years ago. Uh, we got a full avoid. But if they never, if they never played again, uh, somehow life would go on. I know that's revolutionary, but it would go on. W-W-A-N-Hello. Yeah, what's it Dolphins doing? They're fussing Canada. Yeah. Oh, man. Maybe we can try to, we make the movie. What do you think? Maybe AJ Touchy. Maybe old kids. Maybe AJ Touchy. Maybe they can try to, we make the movie. What do you think? Maybe AJ touchy feet. Maybe all the what's his name Norman Bains can be driving the bus huh? Singing some my amy doll fans that old oh geez took a bad turn for the worst man WQM hello. Oh the rated WQM hello 2 am Unbelievable People don't realize that passions are miserable by the corporate interest Yeah, and the only difference between the Nazis and the Bushes is that they were more in your face about it But can you do your favorite can you play old j's bitch jack? I need a laugh if you can't tell me you got it Thanks. See you. Oh, hey, bitch jack. Huh? What the hell is that? Oh, this is old j Since I've been released from jail. I like to keep track of my bitches So I recommend to you two old j's since in bitch jack for women Believe me brothers you won't get jack with bitch jack Just the past a small homey device the old bitches live and you can track her all around Have and just in case she cheated she'll get a Fiends you see when your woman be messing around Dude bitch jack a women let's out an inaudible beef in sound. It only you can hit and once they catch her She's all yours Yeah Excuse me Mr. Simpson we track down your old lady with a white man What shall we do with her? Wow, thank you officer. Oh, hand of this you bitch don't you know I'll track and you with bitch jack. I'm gonna cut your coat you bitch Remember your home. I'll get very far with okay. Since his new bitch jack for women Hey, just because Okay, freeze don't mean your bitches got to be free Probably way five 60 WQAM QAM hello Hey, I want to talk about your poll from yesterday. Yeah, I think we should stick with the free election campaign strategy and that is anybody but George I don't even know what police talking about he was talking about the first one We're George won't overwhelmingly by the way. You came in a distant third make out I'm sorry to say that bad news But okay, I'm sure it'll ruffled your feather. WQAM hello You yes, sir. Hey, I just want to wish you happy holidays Thank you Another great year of Rear The man is can now Right now. You had a three-year contract because that means three years from now or two years from now I'll let you know what about now or Yeah, okay WQAM hello QAM I'm afraid of you back to you. Hey, I got one for the poll. Yes, how about coffee and I? Coffee and yeah, yeah All right, no, okay first of all number one. I won't know who that is number two. It's a kind of a mixed bag there, yeah What do we believe we believe him or do we would probably many of them when he came right down? There are a bunch of thieves in crooks jiffies tantampton thieves Tell you that right now. I don't want to sound cynical just honest, okay Anybody who gets into like a high power for position and I just in this country but anyone who wrote Just like Sylvia Burlusconi yesterday watching him over there with bush. Did you see that? Yeah, oh my god Sylvia Burlusconi from Italy who's one of the biggest cooks in the world. He makes them mafia seem like a bunch of some of school teachers and He's in it with bush And I'm thinking of myself which one has the Tony man? Burlusconi who owns a rye uno rye do away rye try to roll a TV stations and TV networks in Italy And when they started doing satire like like Saturday night live they started doing satire and if so He said oh satires they legal on TV in Italy. Oh, okay. I'm not making that out He just arbitrarily decided to ban satire on a tithent TV because they were making fun of him too much WQM hello He was probably telling bush how that works yes sir. Couple of things For a poll you'd add data cell Who? They should tell they should tell I'm a James, but you know They should tell yeah, he blew up this year. Yeah, okay I think that we just get a you I'll leave that hurt in my next today Yeah, I'm talking talking talking talking with you. He just cry out He did that he talked lots of sweet for him. He was okay. I have no complaints about the bees performance It was compared to his previous performances. I think somebody pushed him up a little bit probably Clarence strike to cut him off. I hope could that be on the bad line. Sure. I am Hello Who the hell was that on a bad line? I saw that over the corner my eyes I thought I'm gonna have something really psychotic and exciting going on here and they just to disappear somebody QA and hello Hey, what's up now? How you doing, Pellie? Good. How you doing? Okay. I just have a question of interest. What do you do like on New Year's Eve with such a definite? What do I do? Yes, they home. I do not go outside. I stay home. I watch TV I will be very happy that the dark won't be this year because he had a stroke and then I go to bed Do you stay up to fall apart or no? Well, I'm the pen out and whether I'm you know if I feel like it yes, and if not no, it's just another day to me I don't care about what's going on. Why do you stop enjoying the earth? Just like here. I think I mean, I don't know if I can't. I don't know if I can't. I don't know if I can't. I don't know if I can't. I will crap about New Year's Eve to be honest with you. I don't just I'm just not that much into it. What's the big deal? I guess all right. In addition to which all the crazy people around I mean I should all want to go out on New Year's Eve You have to be out of your mind man all the crazy people are off to try to kill you. They're all dry I stoned off their ass right. Oh, you're just a party. Who are we're new? I'm out of you say I stay home We need to live ice cream and I get some carry out of McDonald's carry out of McDonald's. Yes, and take out What do you mean by that when you're laughing at they're hurt if put that way? Well see I was thinking of pizza tallio and Italy. It's like pizza take away they call it So I like it some more for your painting they call it take away okay after you eat it they take you away I should have said that 1213 at 5 60 WQAM and began with the original Bow's Wave Radio back in 1993 popular science then called of the sonic marvel and now It's even better than ever because Bow's is engineered into a whole new standard There's the introduced the brand new Bow's Wave Music System that reproduces a half octave lower musical notes plus Even greater instrumentarity and definition. It sounds like you got like a symphony right in your house The sleek new design features no buttons a comedic credit card style remote knock controls off functions Including FMAM radio new slot loaded CD player call bows directly at 1 800 5 60 48 32 to order what David no back the Gansik guy says can't easily replace whatever component system you currently have order today and shipping is free That's 1 800 5 60 48 32 when you do call Be sure to ask about the new Bow's payment plan. Let's make convenient monthly payments using your on major credit card with no interest from bows A risk free trial guarantees satisfaction. What's not to like so call right now to hear the amazing the The unparalleled new bows Wade music system 1 800 5 60 48 32 and it's 1 800 5 60 48 32 You're listening to Neil Rajasix Moonsley A Dential pal manure hover is over this performance by the dolphin I Ami as the dolphin there the worst football team They club the ball from goal. We'll go. We'll never see They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay there never in control And when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami Miami Miami Some Better Miami Miami Don't let on them you're always They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to flock Their coaches ought to tell them to spend day in their tractor Then they would run much faster and even in the feet when we go to the stadium We'll see Miami And they're the five Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phone number How many teams in the world through two? Miami doll phones Miami doll phones The team that hasn't got a clue Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans Just 50,000 Sitting in the stands They watch the game and all the two is moan and gripe and bitch I wonder how Joe Abbey got to be so bad in rich and there the Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones How many teams in the league? No, he's still Miami doll phones Miami doll phones I hear the crowd begins to booze Oh, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah The dolphins have safe fever That quarter backs that you all run down the field and he will go up and over Wow, I'll never win a super bowling shot and feast surprise When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain Sides in there the But Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones number How many teams in the league? No, he's here Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Jay calls his signals and he booze But I know the air dolphins have no deep vents in their offenses at Joe My George Bush eating pretzels do know they're gonna choke No, always this a point you win there in a playoff race with fewer points than Fuck marks on high zingers of the way facing there the Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones number four What the hell 32 Miami doll phones Miami doll phones Miami doll phones now there's room All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire Pop daddy sitting in the chair. I'll call you puppy. Yo, yo, man. Yo, yo. Are you ready? Yeah, here's your $100 question Finish this nursery rhyme. All right. Pickery, Dickery blank is it a dock V. Pia see Marina all D inlet Man, it's $100 question right here. You're kidding me, right? This is $100. For $100. This ain't the millilaw question This is the first one All right, only for $100. Is this a black thing? Would you like to use a light one? Yeah, all right. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Aste audience to 50 50 and the phone a friend Aste audience not too many white people in here. That 50 50 angle in the helmet. Oh, you don't want me to fold a friend Gonna fold a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah All right, who we got a call puppy? Oh my butt all dirty bastard All dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty we calm Our friends from 18 tail get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you Yo, oh dirty Yeah, man, read just Melbourne from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? Hey? That's your friend here puff daddy. Go dirty. Was that? All right, all right, all right, all All dirty Puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question First question and the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on the line he'll ask you the question He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Hey man next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now Yo, dirty finish this off for me, all right Pickering victory blank is it a Doc B Pia see Marino or D In the Come on man. I don't got much time. Yeah, no this man. I know it. I feel it P you sure Third man, this is a lot of money man, but 30. All right, man. Thank you very much. I Times up all dirty said P here You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question. You know what readjust one of all the audience? No, I like to add a lot of land Actually, no, there's only three lifelines you've used one you have to let no no I get another land. It's a brand new one to the game and what is that? Coffee it's called shoot the host Something you can ask the audience. I call it shoot the whole puppy use of 50 50 what's he is? It's puppy it's not it's a it's not my final answer stop it's not and it's a good one you got all Minarch run you run you Why play that don't you know because they're always bugging me with that well where is that come from that Man, we're saying so we got that other way Plus it's never played too much Bush administration will our continued use of ozone the pleading pesticide The Anatis and the White House the Bush administration announced new rules yesterday The data will our US farmers who grow tomato strawberries and other crops to continue using methyl bromide and also the pleading pesticide that had been scheduled be phased our world wide next year But not the girl U.S. A United States was among the dozen Asians that one continued critical use exemptions from the phase of And negotiations in prog last month Environmental is say the US eventually has for a far more than it needs and should be seeking continued exemptions Can we do a handful of big chemical an agribusiness interest the Bush administration is actually expanding these of his dangerous Ozone destroying chemicals said David Doninger a policy director of the National Resources event South from the court he's asked a little bit to write and guess what the Pfizer people you're all those news about Celebrate to answer increase your risk of heart disease and it could kill you yati and five is said well We're gonna still sell it All right I like their attitude right. They were making big bucks Petton all these dangerous pills and thank god you folks don't have access to all them dangerous drugs from Canada Yeah, unless you're like cheating, you know Cuz we don't like being importing drugs from 10th world countries like Canada Who's your choice for 2004 person of the year is our question today? We got 2606 votes We just need to take a lot more calls get a lot more suggestions out here when you think they're just they really aren't that many good names It just wasn't that kind of a year for you Were that many people to be like proud of the great things, you know Michael more as the exception. Oh, he's like way out in front I score on my for a fat guy. You're one pretty fast and he takes the cake Michael more on needs to 115 for Mike George's W to 38 how are Dean 26 you gotta hand it to abortion if you don't hand it to me Let's just take it. He'll steal it Dean 26 pair of Sultan 22 that needle nose bitch. I don't get it. I don't get it That's why Barack Obama 19 Ken Jennings 8 how about Ken Jenney? He didn't get any they wanted that Scotty Ricky William 7 how are it's during six Donald Trump six check Has got four Trump carry four Dave Chappelle has got a pair Why did you put that on there? Hey, he's great and Gary Vittman. He's also great. He's got the big well the zero by the way Does everybody with one of those Gary? You worked really hard to deserve the big effect will put him in a box and send him to you make a match made in purgatory Gary Vittman. Oh God. He is the antichrist Hey, all you horse racing in poker player fans poppin o park racing and poker as the plunging action you're looking for Located a half moth about i95 the turn five poppin o park is easy to invest a rule rhymes with bull Pumpkin o park offers free admission in free general parking your B day live harness racing in the poker room is open Four nights a week every Monday wins day Friday like the night and Saturday Poker starts at noon at school and on right now, so matter fat continues to admit that and live racing gets underway At the 725 and a p.m. Every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday the poker room features tournament action with special Texas Holderman seven car instead of tournament starting at noon and be sure in the take advantage of dollar Ninestone Wednesdays with draft beer soda hot dogs and more just a bucket piece starting at six p and review Wednesday A competent part Pompitt o harness is also open every day seven days and nights week between the best in harness through a bright and high High-summel casting from all across north America free to watch and plunge your guts on how about that Brian sears nice going Brian How did an affair cracker this Saturday the summer 18 that's tomorrow it's $10 for $20 $9 to crack when you pay $10 cash for a book of $20 in pompitt o park money to buy whatever food Beverage items you want I'm a second-third and fourth floors as a great deal. I enjoy great Natter racing or poker too Pompitt o park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road for the curr racing schedule to skip Macau 954 972 2000 or just check them out on the weather pompitt o park dot com don't forget first post time 297 25 at pimpinal park yeah Last year you couldn't reach the wall name track And now we're wondering what the heck There you are, the steroids in baseball There you are, the shit There you are, the steroids in baseball There you are, the steroids When I saw Gary Chef for your looking pretty good Doing some steroids in baseball When I saw Jason's Yown, he can't believe his queen Must be the steroids in baseball And I saw very barn sticking into balko labs for a prince His forearm's rejecting That's a looser There you are Stay in the road, stop yourself If you're going to put a day's of felon there, what you already did How about John's story? Okay I got no problem with that I think a lot of people in this crowd anyway Watch John's story, give him more credibility And some of the other turrets under like wolf blitzkey Some of those I just mentioned it in passing Or else Romsfeld should resign Here's a classic example of why you've got four more years of bush A bunch of weak sisters, bunch of pansies Senator Evan Bide, a member of Indiana, said yesterday It was time for defense and could take down the Romsfeld He made his comments about national public radio And the Indianapolis stars a no confidence movement Being a moment of a miscended about Romsfeld In recent days, by the way, that's Hermon Gering Romsfeld for the guy that called before Chastise me about comparing these people to the Nazis Now these people are worse In recent days, Republican senators John McKaynever Resonant, a threat lot of Mississippi, Susan Collins of Maine Now Susan Collins, a normal criminal in Minnesota Another loser, and Chuck Hakele on the brass Give her sparse doubts about Romsfeld's ability to wage the war in Iraq By went a bit further, pressed that into your Whether he personally believed Romsfeld should step down by Said, I do In the interview later with the Indianapolis star by said He isn't a big fan of calling for people Scouts when things don't go well, but People aren't to be held accountable. He said significant mistakes Have been made lives are at risk At risk, forget about the 1300 plus they're already gone They're at risk, plus all the Iraqis that are dead, they're at risk Still adds how long Romsfeld see here Here's the deal As long Romsfeld for last by said I think he'll stay on as long as the prison thinks he's serving him well Isn't that the typical wishy-washy democratic response? Yes, that's pathetic By who we turn Tuesday from a congressional trip to Iraq in Kuwait said Romsfeld hasn't shown any ability to learn from his mistakes If you're going to go to war plan for the war, in this case They plan for the best and some of the war has happened They just don't seem to be capable of learning from that He told us to start Well, that's great as far as it goes, but this business He'll stay on as long as the prison thinks he's doing a good job That's great Like I said typical wishy-washy-wampy-namby-pamby Man, democratic response Man, like that We need some ass kickers in here Man, that's why we need Michael Moore That's why we need Howard DeDee Man That's right, there's a Howard God, that's exactly what this country needs We're going to sell care a lot Right, and also a homeowner Thank you We're going to California and Texas What are you doing? We're going to sell the care to Washington and Michigan And then we're going to Washington and you see it Take back the white house Oh, thank you Thousands of Americans are victims every year The need stop at nothing to take your car Until now Introducing the newest in autofab Protection The Howard Dean Car alarm In the handbook, a Porsche He can grow bar When installed, the Howard Dean Car alarm Will be turned the most crappy Would be thieves The Howard Dean Car alarm Now available in select states And coming soon to the rest of America None of the money generated by the sales The Howard Dean Car alarm Benefit the Howard Dean for the weekend I'm going to everywhere I've been everywhere I've been everywhere I've been everywhere Oh, right I've been every in this cargo cargo Minus to the Buffalo Toronto When slow-sounds of the Wichita I'm going to go to the homeowner We're going to shop Carolina I'm going to home a car I'm going to the corner I'm going to the car I'm going to the car I'm going to the city We're going to California We're going to shop the car I'm not dealing I'm dealing I thought supporter I'm going to come I moved to Karolston balancing air They're all ayrith I'm willing to come and break out my heart The defenseless pedoblta I rocked my last winter cholesterol From coldstoud memories The young steam IPO The young man IBM People Its family The young, my dear man I've been everywhere We're going to watch it and he's seen it. They back to one house! Yeah! That's what we need man, a big, things ball mustard. We don't have Kirkchilling on there. I don't think, even though we can't stand him on his show, we despise his born again, his pithin, his right wing leanies. But nevertheless, he was one of the big heroes of the champine team season for RedSawks, right to World Series. He was a hero. He wasn't? He was. What does that supposed to mean? You're questioning his virility. You think that maybe he's a... Anyway, put him on there. Please, Kirkchilling. I and I do it with heavy heart. I can't stand it. And let me say this. If you're going to put Perus Hilton on there, what about Brittany? She got married a few times and drunk and... She's all still splashed all over the world. Huh? She got all that skanky. She's not skanky. Okay, she did a little hanky, thank you. But then no matter who's skanky. If you walk into a public restroom, you're fair for it. You're skanky. Sorry. I got a news for him. If Brittany's spears, if you were like into a billet more hotel and Brittany's spears walk into the ladies' tea room, barefoot. No, no, but that is gas station. Were you listening to me? All right, let's say it's a texty co-station somewhere. If the amicostation on the corner there, the BP, all right? If you're taking a BP at the BP, and she walked into tea room there barefoot. You'd be the first one, a hundred miles an hour, just making a beeline in the ladies' room. Am I right? No. Get outta here. You're so full of a man. She walked in barefoot in the tea room. Oh, she's disgusting, man. It's disgusting, but you're still there right in there. Pitter right up against the wall. Put Brittany's spears on there. Come out of your attaix, you get more votes than per a certain she is. If not, if not, I've lost my faith in all the heteros out there. You know, that's, that was, per a certain is so nasty looking, so snobby that snows, pledges that a personality like a nasty, hateful, miserable bitch, a sou, and you're not an avalanovine, Josh. In fact, I'd say, well, let's put Avalanovine on there, too. What do you say? She had a big year. Yeah. It's wrong with you. I think it's because she's Canadian. That must be it. Hey, I'm not pushing pristling beyond or Anne Murray. Where's that bit that we got that I've tried to do today? Hey, sure. I asked Canadian. Yeah, we love anybody to wash your eyes and I train. Oh, you don't want to have them play yet? I'm Arnold Schwarzenegger. And my newest resolution is to get all of my Republican friends to chase the Constitution so I can be president. Once I do that, I resolve to destroy all of the copies of the video tape that shows me smoking fever the 70's. Okay, have you knew everybody? Ha ha ha. Has the chronic. I'm not a star, we know Rogers mornings in the day. And it's also run a clock to find a secret. And a lovely pop little boy. Oh, right. Ha ha ha. When they're lily dilent, your ears and parents, you tell you if you like your job, then you'll give him a laugh then. And if you tell the old Riley, you're not looking for two business. You're the parents right off your. But you're good at it. And for you and extortionists, all the back that are spare and balance. For God when he calls and dies, he's looking for a lassie who likes it a little too. Who's a Riley, who and the little Riley's morning, sure it ain't the no spins on. So when they're Riley's dilent, you best not pick up your phone. Late night, watch a look and pour. Open, for French or anador. Grab that baloney bread and some baking, and a cheese. You saffered it from the jar. I screamed to when the hersie bar, and you're chomping peanut to one by one. But you're not done. Make the road he sheds, until we gather nails. I pull a bottle back and you give a little vouch, Jump food a dice, and you wonder how your shoulder will be. Tell me why you have to know I'm dying all the years. 1246, 2004, a huge year for Avril Lavigne, but Josh Curtis in his millithin man or refuses to put around was that's okay huge how huge she made more money new did. There you go I rest my case. I guess it's going to be a long list then huh? WQAM hello. New year. Yes sir. Happy holidays. Back to the appallee. Hey listen I got a couple for the list. One at two and one at two and the guy the guy in Afghanistan yeah. And I don't know the guy's name but for rums still what it's all about. The unknown soldier yeah okay. 5605060 pound 560 on a variety of things in signal wireless lines. The guy that told rums told what it's all about. WQAM hello. New. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I don't know the distance for that new. Why am I doing? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? You know what? You know or something? Oh wait a minute how about? I got through the Kennedy World. Yeah like. What? What? What? What? What? Or maybe. What? That's good huh? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Let it get into my eye. Thank you everyone and let's say some good photos of this song. Like I said. Let's not relax or feel lonely. That's bad. All the people that would go over to see George instead they're gonna go over to a coconut cream Mitsubishi because George will be in Bill's side and not really that but they're like they're like competing I'm at Sivishi dealers. Oh, and only 50 miles away from each other. Oh my god All set of my noted two George will be in Bill's side. Let's mention Viti at Bill's side I'll pull him out of cities North West 36 feet just west 27. Avenue Miami get there early for the free sandwiches because they like a hot Real fast as how much a guy comes with a sandwiches and they just grab a real fast So get there about 11 30 would be good 11 but 30 man right WQA and hello Jamello and I don't think so I'm tired of her ass and the rest of her two old news By the way, and we can and the anacord a whole year married we've met at the other day That's the horses huh not yet in fact the rumor has it that maybe they might actually Do it one of these days, but don't count on it don't hold your breath that is so I mean does anybody believe that you believe it Yeah, I believe it Okay, WQA and hello Yeah, yes, sure. How you doing pretty good? Yeah, good. I'll just know it in and have you And they call in about the billboard that's up on 95 or about my billboard. Yeah, yeah, yeah I hadn't heard a make talk about it, but it's it's really good and you can see your name for a long way away But right the father is following our stern underneath Yeah, the worst color in the world when it gets 50 billion dollars of free public of your every day So I should get to about time I got a little something right I'm telling you just you cannot see the block riding that's on that I'm talking at all next one I've mentioned thanks for the good news. How do you have a great morning? I use yeah It's about time we had a little something for their show like a little Appreciation right let's have appreciation day for the new Rogers show and we have appreciation day for the Curtis even since for the mad dog show Curtis to be a long and two and then a Humphorid four in between suspensions Then you got to be go at seven and 80 k10 is a definite at easy-and-reside in pencil It's a verivety link you're like this the New York City Department of Investigations launched a program to ethical breaches committed by and I'm gonna I'm telling you again. I really mean this have you seen this chemical alley that they were got waiting to go on trial over there in Iraq With a mustache and the funky hair right he I am telling you he looks like a cross between brain Carrick and son who's Santa it's it's mind boggling. I think it is Bernie Carrick This is the way the Bush administration is gonna get even with character like put his ass on trial and fry it The New York City Department Investigations launched a program ethical breaches committed by Bernard Carrick the city's former top cops As the New York theory news the inquiry one of two confronting characters will explore numerous ethical lapses revealed on the daily news this week After Carrick's nomination to become the nation's homeland securities are collapsed and it goes out about the Department of Investigations The DUI did this the DUI did that investigating corrupt city employees and contractors now Many have wondered whether the White House asked the DUI about care before President Bush's nomination The DUI officials clarified last night agency had not been contacted before or after Bush's big bond laid the big egg when a mama Grande The news reported Wednesday that in 1990 number of characters having trouble meeting some of his financial obligations He bought to apartments that were combined into wondering an extensive renovation a spokesman for the Bronx District Attorney Robert Johnson said the office Have been looking at carrots purchase and remodeling of the apartments in the riverdale section of the world We're gathering information said the spokesman Steven Reed who said the matters not yet a full blown criminal investigation yet And it goes on and I Job there by the Bush administration and you wonder why they couldn't find I keep saying it every single day And it's true but it couldn't locate those 19 sheriffs to blew up the world trade center and the Pentagon couldn't find them Think of the job done a Freedom John March 5 670 560 has that pull come in a lot of good names on there They don't see our will of you know you want her no no and only if you feel like it It's I'll leave it in your hands of course if you don't put it on air will be embarrassing, but no that's okay I mean who's my here's a good question for you who is more talented and appealing Paris Hilton or Avolvine talented or we'll get more hopes no I'm asking your opinion for get about the votes I'm just asking you that question well Paris felt it has no talent so that's right not really if you go to look in not really Yeah, so what so what's her claim to fame if you have a lot of money and she got a lot of publicity right pretty much right And an Avolvine get quite a bit of publicity. Yeah, I mean not in the same not in the same manner not in the same magnitude Yeah, I'm not even close. I don't think who's got more talent? Avril. Yeah, even though you don't like her music But at least at least you can sing after a fashion. She's better singing than Brittany, but then again so am I 340 votes. I'm not gonna try to twist your army. Just hate her like to it I mean I don't I don't make a big deal like I'm not sitting here waiting for the next Avolvine video to come on I mean a lot of big deal to me who cares, but it's just that you and a beast were so militant about it Like all that's like they've had to call me in the year or two ago. Oh, you like R. I mean you must be gay Yeah, oh, yeah, well in both cases you're right like anybody likes R. I'm has to be a fag is that we just saying you like R. I'm yeah I think they're right. Yeah. Oh, you must be gay Miguel I like already actually you must be gay I mean just people are think stupid things why can't you just if you like out in John's music now personally I think he's become an asti old bitch, but but his music is great. Is there any debate about that? He's made a lot of fantastic music but what what mean the beast were kind of saying was like you like ever you Saying well you like Avril's music, but you don't like actually sensing that it's like the same kind of Get out of your way It's like poppy no, no, yes, and I will listen to that sing right he cannot sing Avril of being with the like her music or now, but he like what it comes out at least he can sing She's a performer For instance a Barbie doll she's a simple thing. She's just there because he has he somebody's sister. That's all Which is better Barbie doll either well, I mean I'll be Barbie doll Who lives things come on actually since and comparing anybody to Ashley since and I said about his low-va shot as you can get That's like comparing somebody to William Hong, okay? That's like saying well, Arita, you know, he's not much of a singer. He's like about the same part with William Hong I'll look for modern weekdays. He's a game for anyway He signed a poem not your goodness. I wonder if Anna corner will you just found that out yet? All right, I to me it's like it's Mariah Carey and Luis Miguel all over again I see the same parallels are all at least the energies that appear I'm like Mariah's just got that one big one in the middle of her chest There's another one for a Mariah Carey, can she sing? I mean not at all she is horrendous. You may see a crew sound talented Which you only had like 30 number one hits in a row. Yeah, so that makes you talented Huh Doesn't that prove that doesn't have I don't know how many number one yeah, well, I we don't want to revisit the Elvis thing here That must be that must be the barometer somebody's got a tremendous amount of sound if they have a number one hit If I could look up in my billboard book here on a floor all the number one hits and if we went down the list You'd probably slink out of the room and embarrassment some of the crap that's been number off, but Mariah Carey She's great who's your choice for the tooth that spoof that was then for a person of the year Michael more 142 he's almost a hundred votes ahead you go my 142 George W 53 stole second election. It's not bad to out of two Howard D. 33 per sultans 26 Wow Barack Obama 24 Howard Stern a dozen Ken Jennings 11 Ken Jenny still don't have a one day of one. That's got nine Ricky Williams eight he got eight Dean she spells got seven a day should be nice a dean They should pulse got seven Donald Trump seven Shaxfots six John Terry six John Stuart five. Seattle to help pass day of Shappelle like East Annie still Ted Tomons got a pair. I'm already not sure why this busy died a lot of other people died They just weren't famous and look at his no votes for Brittany no votes for Kurt Shilling and no votes Thank God for the obnoxious the ointjes Gary Bettman Oh Not a tumor is the one the two hour Oh Hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey All over the mountains. Come on, let me get you out of the mountains straight now where did you burn your enemies? Oh my God, what exactly we do is get our doorbellies MSNBC is that big news or... No, everybody leaves MSNBC because we know what he's watching it. And John Maccomer will love to see NBC because we don't know if he's watching him playing with us. Here's a good one. This might be the winner. I think we got to contender here against Michael Moore. Oh, I'm gonna say fast before. Give me that one. How about Arnold? He had a big year. Yeah? The girlfriend ate it. He's the governor of California now. Arnold, I think he definitely belongs on there. But this one could be the winner. It's a SpongeBob Squarepants. Right? A huge SpongeBob. He could be the person of the year in 2004. The whatever of the year. It's a SpongeBob Squarepants. That's Squarezee is. And nobody don't like SpongeBob, right? 560, 560, 560, and Verizon singular marvelous lines. Here's line 9 again, taking our lives into our hands. So, uh, have a suggestion for the pop? Yes sir. More Howard David. More Howard David, it isn't a fantastic. How many of you are going to get on? Him is wife to dog. What do you think? That's a new day. WQM hello. Neil. Yes sir. What's up man? You can't say, um, what's that you were bleeping up? That's all that has job in it. That is great. Can't say job. No, it can't say job. You mean it tell me you can't say hey, you can't say. No, we can say them just separately. Don't you get it? I don't. That's what the, what's the crisis going on in this country? Well, that's what the American Nazi Party tells us. Okay, pal. I mean, the Republicans. That's what their town is. We can't say. It's not a squad. Schmidt. Any more. I mean, we can say certain words. We just can't say them in combination with certain other ones. That's the way it is. And that's pathetic. It really is. It's tragic. And a public like I've told you two years ago. I said, but we wouldn't like that. They've said that. Okay. Whatever you say. Makes sense to me. Logist to small handful. The parents television counsel and handful of individual Waccos from Makosticoast in each market to determine what you can hear from the social media. That's the way it's going to be. That's the way it's going to be. W-W-A-M-Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. My birthday is Wednesday next week. How old are you going to be, sir? I'm going to be the age of our Lord Jesus Christ. 33. That's half of 66, which is 23. It's just 66. Keep that in mind. Yeah. I have a perfect song for like a theme song for your show. From ministry. I know George has his thesis filled my heart, Rod. Okay. Yes, George. Check it out. And George checked that out. Check it out, George. We're a little disturbed here this week. He's on my case. Yeah. Check it out. When did that pull out? Check it out. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pally. Have a happy birthday, too. This kind of a Reverend. Wouldn't you think like especially almost a Christmas time? Like eight days before the birth of Christ. The birth of your Lord. That's played my sweet Lord. That'll kill some good time by George Harrison. What do you say? All right. No? That's long. 560, 50560 pound, 5060 only for rising in Singular Wyrl's line. We're looking for your choice for the 2004 person of the year. I don't let me just take a look at what you did here. I'm just curious. What do you mean? I'm just a minute. Look at that. He puts more Howard David on everybody. Won't put on for the beans. See what I'm saying? I'm putting her on right now. I think we just pushed you over the age with that one, Mr. You don't say? Yeah. He puts on low Howard David. That's a loop. You know, Mr. Smarty pants over. Mr. Square pants. Smarty pants. But they won't put on for the lava of the beans. You'll see a SpongeBob are going to do pretty well. From the 88 votes. So far, Michael Moore is just the way ahead. 154 and W is got 56 and the word is out that W is going to be time magazines. Man of the year. Rod's a big surprise. I mean, what competition is there? You think time magazine would put Michael Moore on there? Not a Chinaman's chance in purgatory. I'm not going to tell you that right now. No chance. Two chances of that. None and much, much, much, much, much, much less than. No. WQA and hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Got one for your list. Okay. They ship one, build a route hand. You know, we want the blast rich people up there in the space. Yeah. The man of the year. Not you. No. WQA and hello. Do you know? Yes, the man of the year is God. Well, I know who it is. They all got it. Man must be who he's talking about. The man of the year is God. He did create man in his own image. I wonder if it was like the image of an old goldstein Gilbert. Huh? I'm not really sure which image which God we're talking about. Maybe it was like Tom Brady. He's coming. Thank you. Hello. Can I have a great job? WQA and hello. QAM. Yes sir. I've obviously used to 25 years. What do you do? Best. One of my best people. Yeah. I'm sure not going to like this one. Not that George W. He's on there. He's in seven years. Yeah. I mean, I mean, there's a guy in the middle of the night. He stole a second election for in square. What's wrong with that? That's a good year for him. How many votes is he has? 59. Oh. Hello. By the day of probably a 459. Because you know, the Republicans won't let Michael more steal. And how many we can, pal? Okay. Good honor. Yeah. They're making events. How many votes? Any contest. He's in all the Senate like kind of like, oh yeah. And Michael more probably lose half of the votes by the time we sit down Monday morning. Don't forget now George will be back Monday. He's been on vacation this week. And of course, let's see, starting there. Through the other vacation for eight days won't that be great. Oh yeah. That will be sensational. So that guy that wasn't maybe for the semi-definite Jake to snake whatever he was. I wanted to George. There you go. In fact, I heard it's going to be a special psychic. You're going to have to make way for Maddie Velos going to be in there with George next week. So what I'm hearing, John. Yeah. You're going to be sitting on George's line. WQAM Hello. Neil. Yes sir. For your Paul. Bill come out. Bill come out. Jack asked somebody said that. OK. Leave her alone. OK. He's up the river. She's singing Swanley River. For a minimum of five years. Wow. He's going to have plenty of chance to cool his heels and his. Correct. Mass in there. Five long years. He just wanted a little friend. Somebody QA and hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. How about a how it's there? He's on there. Oh, okay. OK. OK. Don't get panicky. How is our. How's the. Let me take a look. He's behind our. I mean, he's behind the. Periscillin. How is got 13? He's like in the middle of the pack. In fact, he's one behind Ken Jennings. Periscillin is tired with Barack Obama. You know, when I think of Barack Obama who's printed articulate. Outspoken fourth right makes a lot of sense. A tremendous success story in his own. I think of Periscillin right along with that. Don't you? Very equivalent. Completely. Yeah. And I have one for your poll. Yes sir. Sandy Claude. Sandy Claude. Oh yeah. Then I'm a sound like Woody to me. That's kind of just like Woody to me. Trying to do like a little more macho voice. You're still a fruit cake. OK, Woody. That was not. If it was not. I apologize to whoever was. But I'm sure it was. Sandy Claude. How do I all you kids out there? There's a reasonable Sandy Claude. That's why when you go to all the different shopping malls. You see, some fat Santa and little skis. I think that's a little bit of a big deal. I think that's a little bit of a big deal. I think that's a little bit of a big deal. That's why when you go to all the different shopping malls. You see, some fat Santa and little skinny or Santa and a much fat Santa. Because they're all like a bunch of fakers. OK, there ain't no Sandy Claude. It's just a bunch of a pack of lies so that your parents can do a lot of business. So the merchant can do business. That's all. And as far as this thing, I got another stir which I'll never get to. Thank goodness because you want him to read. But groups push the religious displays of Christmas. Every day this week we've had story conservative Christians finding a poor Christ back in public. Christmas displays have two new weapons in our arsenal this holiday season. The reelection of President Bush and Conservative commentator Bill O'Reilly, who in between making a scene phone calls is screaming the own about the Christians are getting discriminated. Here's the thing. Christmas trees had nothing to do with Christmas. It's a custom. OK, now they have something to do as far as religious is concerned. It has nothing to do with religion. So the idea that we shouldn't have Christmas trees in public building is so ridiculous to me. I mean those people are way overboard. So that's called pushing a good thing too far. Keeping religion separate separate the church and state extremely important. It's a last straw we have to grasp on it. It's all we got. We don't have a holiday tree. No, no, but seriously, what difference is it make what you call them? They're not a religious party religious observance. Okay. Just like Christmas carols are like jingle bells. Is jingle bells have to do with the Jesus? I don't think so. He'll tell us that there's a big one the J. Jesus bells. Do you understand? So the people that carry it to an extreme. They're the ones who create the opening here for the religious nuts to come in. You see they wouldn't even let this put a Christmas tree. Well, why don't I? And I don't care what anybody says. I will guarantee a picture of many bells like on a right now that there are Christmas trees and maces and birdines and blooming nails and where right? Yeah. Do you know that there are? So just cut the crap already and everybody's going to get along really really well. Yeah. Everybody is hitting each other. I want my decoration. I want my amin' aura. I want my Christmas tree. I want my annitivity scene. Blow it out your ass. Okay. Grow up already and get a life. And stop with the fairy tales. All the crap that's going on in the world that any wonder why it's going on. Because all these people are arguing and killing each other over their own fairy tales. It's stupid man. It's stupid. And you know who told me there ain't nothing worse than stupid? Yeah. He said don't be stupid. He said. Your buddy. I think he's going to get any votes. Probably not. Let's take a look at it. More Howard David. Got three votes already. How do you like that? I already pan three. I'm a Levine Don't Have Any. And more Howard David. It's got three. So what do you know? Hey, I want to know the holiday season is here full time. Now full steam ahead and the folks that I'm strong for the homestead want to thank all their loyal customers for their business interest. Everybody knows that Ford makes great vehicles to be competitive. Armstrong Ford realizes they need to offer you more value. So Armstrong Ford was the very first Ford dealer to offer tires and batteries for life or still doing. Plus they give you a free floor to some pass with each vehicle you buy. Highs presence General Manager David Rich and again also on me to remind you that Armstrong Ford has always very competitive prices. For example, right now drive away in a brand new 2005 F-150 from just 13,938 or New Expedition Rowley 24,000 190. Great prices added value in friendly service. That's the Armstrong difference at Armstrong Ford homestead. When you're ready for new vehicle come to the new that treats you just like family. Their deals are unbeatable Armstrong Ford homestead. It's Southwest 307 speed US one because exit of the Campbell drive exit off the turn. Price is included all factory rebates and discounts with the Procredit Plus pass tag and fees. Happy holidays no matter which one you celebrate. Leave the New F-150 right now. From our friends at Armstrong Ford of homestead. You are listening to New Roger. You can't speak to the number of 560-50. To A-M. Ford. Rock and roll for students. Speaking in the childhood home of Jim Morrison recently uncovered James of the legendary singer, no one who existed and now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To be coming down the floor. He's got something for you. Santa's on the road. Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the Melancholy Johns of one of the most depressing artists in Rock history. And the just not from there. All the families, host and where you are. Where you're on the high of the sky. And the family of five. It's the lizard king and his most best. I'm Jim Morrison Christmas. Earthcakes. I hate him. Please don't get one to me. They're all unnived when they can see me. I'm Jim Morrison Christmas. It's the seed me to prove that you'll hide season is still alive. Even if he isn't. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. To the right. What? Should we have more votes? Now, here's the fact that this is personally a fine-risalvine to be quite talented, but the problem I have with her is the lyrics. She sings how about my happy ending. Well, but you're 19 years old, fairly attractive in the face. You have a nice little body in your rich. What the f is with the teenage, angst bullsmith? Some of us have to get up at 5.30 in the morning. You've paid a whole smithload less money than you do for days work. How about waiting 30 to 40 years? I've turned, man. No one is buying your music before you start whining about how bad you have. I want to punch her right in that if he pointed a little nose. I bet you you wrote that. You've been here for a quarter stroke that. That was me. It was me. It had to be. That's a chronic. I can tell by the print. It's really, you know, we get to know the chronic voices over the years and then you get to know the facts. Just by the print by the font. You know what I'm saying? Because your choice for 2004, first of the year we have 451 votes. Not too bad. Michael Moore 175. George W. Boy 62. He demand. Michael Boy, Howard D. M. 37. Barack Obama of 27. Periscillent 26. Howard's Stearn 18. Ken Jennings 14. Sponsored Bob Squarepants. What did I tell you? He's moving on up, man. Twelve is no stopping him. Pat Tom in 11. John Stewart has got 10. Rick you Williams 10. When I think of John Stewart, I always think of Rick you Williams. Dave Chappelle's got nine. Dave Rons said nine. All the days all the time. Donald Trump a Shaxcott 7. Well, Howard David has got six. I think the dog voted twice. John Kerry 6. Kurt Shilling 3. Avril Lavigne's got a pair. Aril Schwarzenegger's got a one. The terminator and the brilliant, the great bitman don't have either one. Maybe you got a point. They really have turned on Brittany. You know, you're right. How does Avril have votes and Brittany doesn't though? Does that work? Brittany's old meat. Anybody that any bitch that will walk barefoot into a restaurant or a gas station? WQAM Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil happy Friday. And back to you man. I got a sports day for you. Are you ready? I'm ready. Very buns. Tating man. Tating, sandy, Peyton manning. And he's the thrown out of touchdowns. The horse. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. He just leaves me limp. Peyton manning. Oh, bro. But you know, he's having a great year. You're right. Put him on there. What are their athletes? What other sports stuff has happened this year? How about Tom Brady? See, I still maintain that in the midst of that was the most exciting super bowl. In history. What dramatic ending? Huh? Didn't see it. Yeah. Nobody's talking. Too busy. What about Janet Jackson's booby? About the booby flat. That just goes to show you another example. What is really desperately wrong with America that the FCC and all of America's up into a tizzy about the little booby there. It half time. And again, what's phenomenal? I say put Tom Brady on there. Two super bowls in three years ain't bad. Plus they only lost one game this year so far. Twelve and one eight two shabby, right? You're going to put a sports guy on there. What about Tom Brady? Huh? I. There you go. You remember. And come with me. Even though he must have gone up, but we didn't go first, so one foot now. Bell Phillips said he spoke to the owner. I'll be him. Bell Phillips said, what? Hopefully you got to first lady, what do you call her husband? Exactly. The first guy. Line 9. 2am, hello. Hello Leo? Yes? Outbound. Miss Janet Jackson. I mean she took step boy through a small packet of soda and egg. That's right. That's a good point. She had tremendous impact. You're absolutely correct here in her great life. Janet Jackson, I think, is a very good point. And then kind of a bizarre twisted way. You know what I'm saying? When and how she popped it out? Now if we put her her on there, do we have to put? I don't think I could handle it. I just jumped by by. I think we'd just in Tinkerbell on there? No, we're good. Ha ha ha ha. So just in Tinkerbell. Now there's another one of those stories. It's like in Rikke and Anna Cornohoye, you know? Just in Tinkerbell and Brittany. Are you believe in that? No, she's got pretty bad taste. That's another reason I think she's dropping down. So she keeps consulting with these slimy nasty trailer tracks, she queen, whatever. You know, that gives me hope. That's true. That's true. And either one of you would be a big improvement or what she's hanging with. I mean, we have no idea. I would be a big improvement. How do you like that? That's saying a lot. Now she's, she needs some help with that eyesight. Oh, let's see. Brittany don't have any. Gary, uh, Gary, Batman, Brittany, Scourge, Peyton Manning have the big. Oh, and how do you like that? But that's me piece pipe and spoken, huh? You're going to see by the time we sit down on Monday morning. I'm relevant the queen. She's going to be zooming by. Just like John Booth, he used to say, the metal ends zooming by. You'll see. W. W. A. Hello. I would go for, excuse me, if I didn't get sick of my stomach. I like Michael Powell or Carl Roe, but either one of those guys would just make me physically Hills. I wrote a text of my late plans for Armstrong. Lance Armstrong, okay, man. You've got it. Good luck. Have a good holiday. And back to you. Thank you. Lance Armstrong. There you go. There's a real guy with so a big pair, right? So a lot of bracelets. Right. That's a good point. Somebody who looked down up to WQA and hello. Yes? How about David Ortee? David Ortee? Boston Red Sock. He is a hell of a fat. How many does? Okay, you probably like to see it. Oh man. Oh. Woo. He's got a big bat and this guy wants to hold it. This is only a whole day for a minute. Wow. That was special. Well, we only put church early. I don't know. I mean, we want to put the whole. We can put on there. We'll be really good. We'll pissed off to a frenzy. Somebody we despised. Who's that? Right. If you're going to think about the red sauce. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Hold John Henry, man. Just a joke. Don't put him on or whatever you do. You did. John Henry. Well, he sure liked me a lot. That organization when he was around. And at the time, I never forget that morning I came in the studio and we were somebody. So I'm more than Neil and all of a sudden, John Henry and all his henchmen are standing around with their pinstrips so it's they gave me a look like I had just the one. And then I was a cross their baby under a Mac truck. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Hey, oh, I did what say you guys suck. And it's interesting that we're, you think it's just a coincidence that when Neil F. When he, John Henry bailed out went to Boston that the Marlins won the world's series, huh? Before he did. Maybe he's just a winner. You think so? No. Like a step on his ass. That'd be a good pull question. One day, shrimp boats that you can't stand. Maddie Bell, John Henry. Who'd you like to step on first? 26 past one at five, 60 WQA. That's the most wonderful time of the year unless the course you hate crowded malls, long wigs if your lines parking hassles, all of these things. Make your gift giving them a little easier for you and your loved ones. Give them a dial of mattress gifts certificate this year. When you call 1-800 mattress, you can order a dial of mattress gifts certificate and any denomination that a new bed makes this sensational gift that lasts for years. And right now when you call dial of mattress at 1-800 mattress, they'll save an additional 20% on select models, while supplies last. And as always, we're talking to big names in the business folks. We're talking to Seely, sort of Simmons King Corals, Stearns and Foster Human and tempered P2. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get same data delivery. You still get to pick that to our window. The date and time for a little bit of your schedule when it's convenient for you. And that's why dial of mattress continues to be mighty proud of their on-time record 99.7% of the time. Now, the mattress is ranked number one in Christmas at a scratch. They were one as of 2004 that are business bureau local torture excellence award. I've been using them for years. It's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. Just sit there on your fight ass. Pick up the phone and make that call. And for those guests who arrive call 1-800 mattress, log under website mattress.com. dial of mattress at 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. You'll see the real Rogers, originally in five seconds. You A-M. America loves to watch boobs and butt and biking. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is sun brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. The sun is brightening. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas While the sun is blowing all of my palm Police can make fun Police can make fun Police can make fun They can investigate it all like I Police can make fun Police can make fun Police can make fun They must be digging in a parking lot I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas An interest of a great car in theisted Christmas ShopATION I want to wish Done To give aparecer I want to wish them a Merry Christmas Christmas Let's have a party Goodbye Thanks Happy Christmas Your favorite Christmas The interesting things on the pool are not who's at the top, but who's on the bottom? Great these on the bottom. You ready for that? Oh, yeah, but you are Gary Bettman Britney Spears Peyton Man with Tom Brady just went on here in Janet Jackson have so far got to be Oh, none zero. Honolus got one Lance Armstrong's got one Bubba's got two Kurt Shilling's got four Amor Levines got seven. Tell the members in her band Don't trump eight John Kerry eight. What's his name? He's got eight. No Howard David. It's got eight. So she's like right on Moses She's got seven Moses got eight. She's gonna pass in or the Lucas said like he's a dead man walking like Tom I'm as WQAM hello Hey, yeah, sir. I got one for your pole. How about bouldie? You know you did get that pepper shop after all I thought he's doing a hell of a job man. They have a lot of the incidents. He's been to them. Thank you. Gildy. Let's get his ass on her What do you say huh? Come on Gildy And I don't like like I said the other day is it look like there's gonna be no season at all this year But very possibly two four years Oh, Chuck would know hockey so you won't be able to use all those three tickets you got all the time That's what really disturbing to all I was sorry if three tickets So be sure and send a whole it for the holidays now. It's a little bit late for Chinuka, but for the holiday season and you're just in a bag of my Alan Cohen okay, because he's a fallen on hard times WQAM hello up there QAM hello. Hi Neil Now lady are first of it May very well be the first of the week I'm in the night well We're all about shopping. I'm actually working so just want to say happy holidays to you and yours and How many you know what a big year this year? He's a good thing on Plain Okay, he's a sensational right there right in there was where you have hung yeah, it is all in that Successful you can't be that and friends Charles likes him a lot. So what does it turn? I love that bit okay. I have to be a holiday sweetheart. Oh wait Neil's it's now a silo part Out of the question this year even though it has like a little bit We'll have to run up I joy so little weekend and see how they will have to run it by the panel You're probably okay Here's one that I would agree with as much as I detest and despise this person you know Gibson He made millions and millions and millions exploiting I mean Appandring I mean, you know based on the true story of how Jesus lived and died It is as it was that's what the Pope supposedly said they said he never said that It was the Pope said was I take some pains. He's got problem man. This Pope's got source But anyway how about now Gibson what do you say? You got to go on here. Yeah, he's on there He is one of the most just Not a bit year for like Myers by the way. He'll be back Oh Rangers Now be sweet for your life She's the passion of the Christ and of the Rathie Now be his life, he's your danger You better get a better job, get a job You better have a job, get a job You better have a job, get a job, get a job Now be sweet for your life You are listening to Neil Roger F. exclusively on five six years We're all gone Freedom and fagees Reconcerns and feces Reconcerns and feces Reconcerns and feces Reconcerns and feces I want to stroke your legs And slip your crack with my greasy nose Like them You better sofus-cliff Now I'm pulling up my mind For the season Dash my hopes of family peace Here's well open my eyes For no with their experiences And I'm like bust of hope and peace There's always to be in my trail And then I find you no longer here You've found me in my self-realger And throw for hearts full of the sportswear And of all the fish and seas I've been given job And the sore toes I've lost in my mouth I've been half my hope for so long And the fat too like scornball radio Don't leave us like this Ah Now only shacks for those weak kids You can see Well, it's not so good 16-0-2 Let's see It says I missed the photo You had a pretty spirit there I was wondering if you could show it again That would be cheating Possibly, possibly post and remove one of the other photos But that's the most amazing thing Because Brittany is still got zero None How's that possible? I don't know I mean, Paris helped me as God wants You know, I'm going to look She got twenty-some, five-some votes And Brittany's got, I mean, what is with you people, huh? The one of them I've had saggai for the supposedly straight guy And one of them got to put that kind of crap on You guys are like, you know that a joint Just like Paris It says I missed it Possibly post it, remove one of the other photos And not for a while Like a swimmer and a big monkey boobs Oh, you know, some nice of an idea Let's do that while George is away What a relative Yeah, let's take the, no, just a swimmer one And replace it with a Brittany one we had yesterday Will he yesterday? Yeah, probably two days ago We had Carmen Lafayette yesterday Yeah, do he still Yeah, that was a fine picture Now maybe that'll inspire a few votes for Brittany over the weekend Because even though there would not like booby shots That means she had our some clothes on It was a fine photo Back and of course that was when she was a little younger It more pristine a little more clean Right? Good for a queen As opposed to not like shuffling barefoot into a tea room And some dumpy old gas station with some slime ball A husband of the week right? She's she just follow on the bad times WQAM hello WQAM hello WQAM hello There's no honey you do here WQAM hello We're going to start to be you Speaking Alright, I'm head of the idea for your website So don't know Riley Um, I thought maybe we could put up a big quad In the light of the holidays Saying happy holidays And try to have everybody sign it And try to find out why he is so damn angry And it's leaking pure hair No, I don't think so Because I don't care about Bill or Riley See now there's one of those top show groupies again Who's obsessed with the I don't care about Bill or Riley I mean he's obviously a phony and that Perv and all these other things But uh, who cares? Let me tell you about Bill or Riley's radio ratings And the South Florida market Okay, he's got a point Last the trendy at eight point I'm gonna say it again Point oh yeah zero I don't even he doesn't even even make the needle move on a Richter scale So it's people like you lady that keep screaming about Bill or Riley did And nobody cares about Bill or Riley except the right wing That's where it transfixed to Fox News all day And he used the word news loosely No those are the only ones Anybody with a brain sees true Bill or Riley Right, look at him. He's a pain. Nobody cares Do we agree on that? Oh yeah, we're gonna get like a greeting car To Bill or Riley we're gonna have to get out of here Lady like I said those female colors man Maybe that's the new year's resolution for next year Maybe we can like get through the entire year You think? Without colors period? No, no without without a female color No, we already tried that other deal You're talking about for seven months And of course you just love that Oh, yeah, no idea Oh, speaking of that, let me read a story Hahaha Oh, excuse me What? What? But you know something I survived it seven months man It's one of the great miracles in this year's video Nobody knows about it. It's one of the least talked about things Seven months of a talk show without a phone call That of course was back when they screwed us over the first time But at nine to one stuff didn't work out too well But nevertheless we used to get in like the anchor round The longer an immigrant lives in the U.S. The more likely there ought to be obese The corn was studied in December 15th Issue of Jama Since the 80s the U.S. population has become more obese We know that however little information is available about the prevalence of obesity Among immigrants the fastest growing 70 of the U.S. population currently comprising more than 11% of the totally West population And even larger per fourth of many minority groups Immigrants generally originate from countries where they are a prevalence of obesity is lower than that of the U.S. Which is almost anywhere But adopting U.S. norms over time may lead to an increasing prevalence of obesity See this whole thing this is one of the studies What do you like to have in a Swiss bank account somewhere just a fraction of the money They got probably stupid ass studies to figure out things that we already know Right? Yeah, that would be nice Yeah, I like if somebody comes here from Norway for example Pick any place from Denmark and they're here a few years Oh, they're going to get fat. Well guess what that's because they're eating the crap that they are arrested American do you see Jesus you people would a journal the American medical association Much easier something about celebrates and about Pfizer and all these other grave robbers They're out there killing the American public would he change your his pills their pop it all over the freaking place Instead of writing studies about oh guess what if you're in America too long you got to get fat while And people are getting paid to do crap like that was your tax dollars by the way Okay, let's stop promoting these two big deals. We got tomorrow right go for it. Do I QM tomorrow? I want to make sure because you're there and you get very upset if we don't read all these promos all the time for sure not Join QM tomorrow afternoon known to to a token of quick Mitsubishi at 4950 North State Road 7 stockpile for prizes And that fabulous those fat-field sandwiches from Atlantic City subs that I really miss very badly. They're only a very small number of things I miss about being in South Florida all year round and that's a lot of more those greasy of fat-field sandwiches. They're great Also tomorrow noon to two George will be a Bill Cyples Mitsubishi located in Bill Cyples Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36 regions What's the 27th of that? I mean he'll have prizes and more food from Jason and the wonderful people at Atlantic City subs Where they make the difference. Okay, Michael more is rates day magic plateau. Look at us the person of the year 2004 time magazine's gonna say bush this weekend and Monday when they come out Sunday whenever Michael more 200 the bush mice to only 67 Howard Dean 39 Barack Obama 31 Paris Hilton that's skanky needle nose bitches got 27 she got a lot early Remember that and then all of a sudden it's kind of leveled off A sponge Bob Square pants is right on Paris's ass 23 Howard Stern 20 John Stuart 17 Ken Jennings 16 Pat Tullman 14 Ricky Williams has got a dozen Dave Chappelle 11 more Howard David at nine and he's tied with shack John Kirin nine Dave wants that's got nine what a job day. I guess that's because he finally said goodbye Farewell to the one-step era. Avril Lavigne's got eight. He's right on Dave's ass down Trump eight Lanc Armstrong for Bubba's got four Britney Spears. Oh look at a finally. I'd that must be the sympathy vote right That must be because I question the masculinity of this audience out there. They all act like they're ready Britney's got four Kurt Shilling for Arnold's got three and none yet none zero for Mel Gibson guilty Galilee shut out so far Janet Jackson Tom Brady Peyton Manning and they still wait on her in a bottom where he belongs Gary Batman This is the piss you off. I think she's tied with Mohard David Dave wants that Donald Trump and even how do you like that for a good company? You go girl anyway. Speaking of good companies, so the deal is I just recently I deal here for two more years a QAM Are you out of your mind or you a crazy person? Hey listen anybody can go to like these other things and start swearing and like you know, but it takes a lot more stupid I mean a lot more something you did two more years a lot more what you did two more years. Yes sweet So that means four four more years if Bush can do it by the whole can I do it. I don't even have to really need I probably move a couple of times. Yeah, I saved a lot of people's job for another four years. I think like that That's the most important thing the old man old man is people as he is anybody used to be the old man But he's still got all these clingsons man hang on out of his a bootstraps on the weeps team Let's go man. I think you're part. I don't know what you mean. Let me Michael Moore's the man of the year. Bye bye bye