awesome but yeah I'm prettygg look apparently I'm master not setting practice and say those food. Now I'm my only uncle and the worries me. I can't answer to a new winner back to her double wife. Order a deal, name God no wheels and inside the legs of the dive. This is not she can win her eyes and we're all alone in the house. But I got sick when she gave me this and you and two back of me in her mouth. All I was right next to her loving sin. It's saying, just saying, You're gonna let this family because all I was right next practice and say, I'm a loser, I'm circumventing my new life. He's my means. I just got me apart with horses, shaking Scows and things. Before my forenet, I adore with tires and a two-game base The rear window it has a dust wrap As there are key midesons And we'll flag him one to back Monique is right for too much sun All us red next germ of it's hands All us red next rack is in Sets Oh The sun's star is the one over there With the dirty means That we're showing is our dish All us red next rack is in the big house And we're showing our dish All us red next rack is in the big house All us red next rack is in the big house I'm proud 10 16 at 5 60 WQAM Happy Thursday too We've got to turn over new leaf now Just like Adam See how Turn over new leaf And start do step along And just have two pieces of very good news See how everything is grumming And nasty and grotesque Most everything is but not all of it Well I think I've got to have some more bad news later But the good news is Number one airfarts in a coma He's coughing a blood and spitting in pukines on a way out The amazing because they said when he first came to Paris They said oh no he didn't have leukemia in his Him and he life-threading disease He's going to be okay All we're for And now all of a sudden he's going to come He's on the way out So that's good news I think we hope well Well you never know what could be worse And the other piece of good news is that a menman for is going to pass How do you like that? All right It's quite a big greatest efforts of special interests Who are aligned with the public and trying to You know, fed to their own nest I can't go to the details But I have it on an un-in-peachable surface this morning That's been counting the FCNT ballots feverishly It's going to win pretty handling as a matter of fact So it has to be news And I take a little bit of the credit for that In fact, I also take a little bit of the credit For getting a lot of bacteria people out in date and brown in Palm Beach And the people could hear my voice Too bad that some of the other people were saying Oh, I'm going to get a beat bush You know, talk of a game Didn't get it done Because their disciples were as they just were as devout As the disciples of bush See what I'm saying? Well those scab pickers Some of these people who talk of a big game And they're going to do this And they'll be fed to put the banana And it just doesn't happen But in any rate So we got 45 minutes to fill the day Go ahead Wow that's amazing What's going on with how he But the two days in a row, yes They'd be a lot around 10, 20 And today like about wolves About 10, 13 something like that Like, tell us Worst for me Sure Because at least then people have some idea When the show starts I know Greg that's a revolutionary concept The idea that your listeners would want to have some idea when your show starts But we're going to give it a shot for a while, you know? Yeah, whatever Ha ha ha ha ha ha Man, what a bozo What a disaster An accident waiting to happen But nevertheless we just keep talking right along And make sure that money shows up on time clearance We're getting pretty tired of that crap too Haven't had a nervous breakdown every day Wow, but it'd be a shit of those good news and bad news Yeah, the monkey is on the way But the bad news has just got the, you know, he's got a fever today And he said Stop for a rest along the highway Cut the crap Just pay people Just put, put, put screw in people over Now let's see, where's the, um Facts about that thing I was going to play with here it is Billy, yes, it's a very nice facts It says I was feeling depressed throughout the whole day after I found out that Bush had officially won Did I got a home work, uh, from work to the yesterday's program on the website And we apologize again for these streaming on the website as well screwed up And the clearance tells us that they are working fever So at least I'll begin sometime with the next year To do something about that Because everybody in the brothers coming to get really pissed off about that And we don't make any money from that But nevertheless there are many people who are listening to this program in this radio station Who would like to be able to listen on the stream, okay? And okay, it's pretty soon I'm not just having to come back here And I'm at least a stream on somebody's leg or head or something But until I get out of it I'm talking to bring the camera Can't wait that shit you idiot And don't ever think you're coming off here again Oh anyway, it says I'll tell you the only person who's able to make me laugh Inform educate entertain all at once But what a sucks you have, huh? Thank you, Billy You're the best thing going on radio Despite the world just, the word you stop, hopefully he's coming around The word you stop, okay? But going don't retire And I'm not going to return In fact, I'm working on my future right as we speak Future plans That had nothing to do with this place In closing, you can play, can you play that Howard Dean bit Where's the nothing all the states about Messing in the different alcoholic beverages See, I don't know what that is I don't even I don't remember the name of the bit If you can play it, it would be great Thanks Neil God with the several exclamation points A magnificent suck around job, the only one I know There's no boon in the memories I've been in the memories I've been in the memories I've been a meaningless kind Those far go, they're so the blood flow The rocks are so much, those rarals over Which you don't know, I don't know, I don't know I'm a fan of a madble-mouth We're going to yell if you're alive And I'm going to call home a rat in the corner I'm going to call up I'm going to call up I'm going to let you know In fact, this is the worst place Where's the nothing all the states about Where's the nothing all the time Where's the hell of a boy? Where's the hell of a boy? Where's the hell of a boy? Who's theération, oh my god What's the對? What's the other man's otro society?madı You jealous I got locked. I'm evil I'm gonna call the police These sick bastards I don't wanna go I'm gonna call a poor lady Bro, let's get a rule He's afternoon prison I want one Read it out I'm gonna call up I'm going to let you know I've been aver And the judge was being article which he will be related to by John Nichols on the news what is it the nation the nation. Oh that was I get with an M I knew that. A lot of fact the Carl Roe was ecstatic that Howard Dean got knocked out and that they were running against Kerry. It was heard that that's what Howard said. But he means you don't even reward it Carl Roe. That's what he said. He told me you could motivate you. Take what he said. That's not it. No that's not it. We're just I don't know what we're talking about that's it. Huh? Maybe we think of the Booth. Howard Dean, some of the president's mistakes. We are leaving one path but we are going on another path. Howard for Zeus is true magic. We're not coming out. Howard Dean sings a classic rock dance. I'm in the place of people who are very vague warnings like that. Man oh man. Oh brother. I'm going to tell you who I blame right now. I always have to be a scapegoat. Oh bro. That's right. Now these women in America if she says run to the edge of the cliff and jump. Come on by this. Come on by this. Come on by this. But he didn't want to get to free. In fact what's the name of that bit? Okay everybody gets a free liver. Oprah gives. Hope you know that. Yeah. On the next Oprah you'll be shocked. You'll be a main bitch. You'll be talking about it for the next Howard along until she shocks you again. Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today. And re one of the studio audience. All 276 members get a brand new liver. And I'm going to get my liver. I'm going to get my liver. I'm going to get my liver. And tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new new VLOG. And the next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three foot helper monkey. And I'm going to get the three foot help on the monkey. Come on by this. It's a great honor. Bonding number one. boss. hat. convey one B miller. and mic. to see if she would have motivated mobilized in women out there to come out and vote in the drows is fight of all this fanatical more values crowd you know like the the fan and scabbin and his moral moralistic family there with his drug addicted daughter and he's a crazy as hell son George P. and the other son of school is girlfriend in a car and brought a light uh... and the smuggling wife column but it didn't want him to see how much money she's spending allegedly but smuggling back in because the bush is kind of for the the uh... do the on it yeah that's more of values man you talk about stupid you talk about a bunch of phony bologna hypocrites i'm gonna pay the combo bush thing and i'm playing the other day and there you go why don't you go out of cause that we're trying to get in but they'll get to them make a point of ten thirty ten twenty seven five sixty w q a m right now let me tell you about our good friends at guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field be told over twenty five different forty programs available to them they will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is recently they helped out of the server so never dreamed in a million years that he be able to qualify to buy his own home but it gave it a shot and the good news is not only would they able to qualify him but they were able to present him three different options as to the top of mortgage he could get and they were close to the victim to determine which was best and then they made it happen as guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beech they make it happen for you column at one eight hundred seven three four sixty sixteen with you look at an interest only loan a thirty year fixed rate but or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beech has what you need they offer payments as low as three hundred thirty two bucks for every hundred grandia borrow and guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beech will make you mortgage happen first and then the ladies and gentlemen crew that is correct after your closure loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beech will be able to choose one a six different seven night cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers so don't forget whether you want to purchase a new home and investment property or just refinance the current mortgage these are the people who want to be calling right now one eight hundred seven three four sixty six sixteen run the work in web experience he mortgage bankers dot com or you'll be treated by the way just like family there are two mortgage bankers and dear field beech one eight hundred seven three four sixty six sixteen five six five five have I'm watching action film I cry very hard to struggle And they would let me go But I did not get a trouble Because I did not know why There's a bit of heat in my throat You never find life with such a fable After all my husband's brother We're so big, you'll be big I'm like, you're a little bit of a baby I'm like, you're a little bit of a baby I'm just watching all of our I'll be just looking happy about you When I get back from the shore Oh man, great wife, I know And look at that big guardian supplement He's looking at that and seeing him Which says, oh god, oh sorry No, I'm just looking at that and seeing him Which says, oh god, he's a little bit like a boy He's a little boy Oh my god That's beautiful, that's a great thing I want to see the man That's a great opportunity We're very mixed reactions And some very strong reactions of the United States Many people writing emails Writing to these people are choosing The newspaper of urging its readers Rather to interfere with another country You're bad Yeah, they're going to be a sub-adult They didn't keep that campaign going They might have just been who was going to make the difference The Guardian And there was another headline I said, how can 50,000 million Americans be so dumb? Easy They had a good American education Like that Anyway, seriously, a clumber bush The oval tail of that bush stuff again I will not mention this because Yeah, just came in Central Georgia orders, Brown and Dane, not the destroy absentee balance Acting on a case filed by the ACU A federal surgeon, my name is ordered officials in Brown And Dane to preserve all absentee balance Received in the mail after a 7pm on election day US District Judge Alan Ghoul's ruling post overnight The court's website, lawyers election officials from discarding the balance Goes into a fact that 1pm Thursday Sounds like today The delayed gives the election officials time to complete the unofficial vote Count which is due at noon today The 11 page temporary restraining order Requires the election supervisor, Brenda Snipes, and Broward And Constance, Capital and Dane Separate the balance from others that were rejected Because they were duplicates enough to adopt properly Goldis scheduled to hearing this evening on the ACU's request for a preliminary injunction He's expected to rule early next week And one of the late balance should be included in the final vote Telly, Yadiyadiyati, and judges ordered it Not a fight other counties left And I'll say again, amendment 4 is going to pass We'll be here at about that at noon or one or sometimes We'll have no official, maybe not official numbers But pretty good idea, it's going to pass fairly comfortably And they heard it here first And they heard it here first, absolutely From an unmpitrival source Okay, let's say again a few calls in here Cause I don't want to like, you know, do any of the great A stuff During this 4 play hour And if you just want to bring over here and say, how would they allow to get a 11 minutes after 10 this morning, which we're not really too thrilled about you Cause you get to see a sport, it gets you to have it to do in those 10 45s 10 50 deals, 10 50, 5, 11, stuff like that, you know Be sick, like phone off a log It's WQA and hello Neil, good morning Yes sir He's the same people in Broward who's couldn't get the abs and keep balance out They're going to hang on to them for us, right Right I was going to ask you, you're really think 4 I was thinking that Jeff and Tell Hatsy We're going to get their hands on men Men's 4 the way they were calling it so close Yeah, that's what I was worried about too But guess what it didn't work Really? Yeah, that's great news Cause they had a tremendous number of abs and he balanced from a day And Broward and Palm Beach where they voted over by me Yes And I guess they were working counting feverishly overnight And it's a move away to Hellahead So there's another by Hook or Croft They're going to be able to You know, I know they gave it to Benshrad They tried to send it a bunch When you find out where the money against it Was they tried to keep secret all that When you find out where that was coming from It'll really share a boy or mind Oh, you could see that on that thing And on your website with the people who were supporting You know, if you just did a little looksy on your website They Neil Yes sir You know what you say about Call Robe is so right I almost cute when I was listening to that speech bush gave And I just almost almost drove my heart And I'm gonna take this viewer in chief I'm believe it will go to the next episode You know, it's your little paly, life goes on man Neil check it out, check it out Last year you got to remember they were saying we want Dean And there was just some totally wrong men And they never crashed watered also And they had no idea it could kill three in high wins That's right Have an office brother, see you later It went to his paly aren't Five six seven, five six six Count five six six pound five sixy of the Verizon and singular wireless lines Yeah, if I tell you that oh gambling is evil That is horrible. It's gonna destroy our our state of anything else And then I call it a Sunday you find out that I'm in a gambling business myself And I'm funding the campaign against this only to protect my own selfish interest Oh, man, are you playing hypocrisy or something? Yes, like the monop- I'm playing I'm saying flat out. It's a fact W2A and hello Yeah, I'd speak the Neil speaking Let me sit again speaking Oh, hello, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, how you? Yeah, that's great Hahaha Hahaha, alright Well, he just wanted to make sure that I'm still okay I guess I'm not too down in the dumps Well, I feel just fine. Yesterday I woke up Feeling like I'd been punched in the stomach with a baseball bat I felt really, uh, oh maybe because I didn't get any sleep Like a fool being up till two in a morning And then you know, then you lay down and you can't sleep anyway until you're really Keep running the other room and look at it at TV and, uh, geez Getting farther behind an Ohio Oh, Ohio and let me just say this to you Oh, man I don't know what show I was watching last night It's all a blur because it's all the same American crap anyway Prop again, but they were showing Columbus Ohio Oh, brother I sure hope they don't know the rumors are Jewish Uh-oh But seriously, they were showing Columbus Ohio and they showed all of these Very neatly modelons with all the Bush Cheney signs on the lawn and they were interviewing some of the God squad in Columbus And the one couple and maybe some of you people saw this They looked exactly like the couple from the picture of the painting American Gothic The old guy with the classes and all he needed was the pitchwork His guy and would have been they could have posed for American Gothic And it's all they talked about was Well, I really appreciate that the fact that he really in afraid to talk about his religion And his faith in God And we're going to make a real revolution in this country We're back on our with God and get this country back on the path of God In other words, kill a whole bunch of people that's what it's all about Start a lot of wars based on lies, sent a bunch of young kids off to get slaughtered for based on lies That's morality Given tax cuts to the very rich, that's morality Sure Look in the other way, your rich buddies like Kenny Lay who rip an off-raping the public That's morality Overcharging senior citizens from prescription drug type, your buddies in the pharmaceutical industry That's morality I mean you see you're trying to reason with religious crazy people You can't reason with them, there's no point, you're wasting your time So if you're looking at what you're always talking, heads going out about Well, the Democrats are going to have to recess their whole program And their whole approach and they're going to have to start reaching out to some of these people that they've ignored Now they're not going to have to start reaching out to those people What they're going to have to start doing is doing an even better job of mobilizing the people Who are scared, crapless of those people right And who don't want any part of those people That's why you got people like later because the two busy try to be all middle of the road I mean, I also think I hate to say this because he's a pompous old ass And he had no business being in there and he didn't make any difference He almost made a difference in New Hampshire but luckily he did not Right, it's a difference But the fact that a matter is a lot of what he said was true Sure, we're not denying that Yeah, a lot of what he said is true The Democratic Party is just absolutely You know this business, allowing them to make the word liberal authority word We've said them for last 20 or some years now There's nothing wrong with being a liberal The greatest president by Franklin Roosevelt were liberals Look up liberal in the dictionary Liberal is a very something to be proud of Something to be admired all of the public bothers More liberals that is correct And supposed to right wing fanatics which like I keep telling you that used to be We used to be laughed at here to a little bit but mostly laughed at I mean these people are crazy back in the year 70s They started with a small majority crap And Richard Vigari and all of the mailing lists and any The pride and album dark and all of this crap And you'll notice here we are almost 30 years later Not third man and you're still playing on the same hate Oh, it's a homosexuals This time they use the game he ever used thing Which obviously had a I bet you if that thing wouldn't have been on a ballad No, how? Right might have had a different result I mean I can't say that for sure But might have because there's only about 135,000 vote difference And you know that those good moral Christians They came out to vote and rolls against them Flag marriages As if this was an issue I mean all of these really important is use about the economy and about war and people dying and Protecting us from terrorist attacks and crazy people and they're worried about flag marriages That's really going to change their lives In fact, did that couple of no and Columbus they were talking about that Wow, marriages they found a nation of our and say institution that's a foundation of our democracy And my mom we can't measure that so you can be there sure that they'll help them out of a damn I mean they laid this out there they played the Democrats for suckers at life. They do every time and neighbors write about that They're more credit for do like I've told you we got two horrible parties in this country in your country. I'm sorry excuse me WQA and hello WQA hello not there. Wow talk about impatient WQA and hello I'm going to. Yes, man. I seriously do not know whether to scream or eat Hey, bunch of bananas. I'm very I'm very nervous. I'm very scared. I I don't like water. This is all going it It seems like our government. I don't know they want to turn us into a yeah white bread man A to marginalize Bible school. Yes, very white and it's frightening because I mean our places that people can certainly go if they want to be with God they can go to church Then synagogue that must let him go to hell. They can go there too. That would be fine with me But it seems that they really they really want to bring it into the government. They want the government You know it might as well on top of the capital building have a big crucifix And they'd be very happy to sit under it and time to indicate and the big twisted cross. It's it's very frightening And I really don't like the way this is going. I you know they just exist in the under 80,000 polls And see and then they showed the reaction of the public to the result of the election 51% are pleased 38% are angry and there another 9% don't care well, how can how can you not care? How can you be indifferent after what we've gone through the last four years? I just don't get that as you that's the problem The 51% which it coincidentally is devoted for Bush There are so highly motivated. They're supposed to run the rest of the public. Hey, you know come see come saw You can't afford to have an attitude like that. Not anymore. I mean, that's why those people were lined up around the block and down the road and up to a Mary's house And over to verse a low pizzer's house for the Virgin Mary. That's why they were lined up for miles because they were motivated and dedicated and Sonatically driven and so the rest of us the millions and millions of the rest of the stand and those incredibly long lines and register record numbers to keep things the way they are They are Things don't match up. Yeah, it's seriously doesn't and I could very fine because of the Ohio vote being strip run by die ball Well, we'll never know you'll ever know how accurate that was. I mean 135,000 votes wouldn't take them It wouldn't take much in a computer program to shift that around we just will never know I touch it in the finger in certain places would right would certainly wipe out I could portion up right now the way I think we I think I felt the finger myself, you know I love you and you know we'll just stick together and you know, head all in one nice blue state And you still have plenty to pitch about the next four years anyway. It will make for good radio right I love you I love you guys we are. Bye. Here's a nice pass from your friend PRR Ralph. What you mean happy birthday, which is probably 62 tomorrow How do you like that they never said it could happen? Oh, well, yeah, yeah I think Russian will let on your birthday You know, I'm just not that depressed anymore because I've always said people get what they deserve You're probably probably in America almost half of the people didn't want any part of this and those people should be able to live like in a free country like the north And all these mugwamps since most of them live their anyway should live in a south. Let's go back to that whole pre civil war that whole mentality of you know two countries The north and the south north should not have thought that war should have let him go and you mugwamps in Montana I don't know you tall them and we can shovel on down south. All right, no my shoulders 20. I open landed in Mexico Arizona, Reallocate Nevada All of his evil gambling Nevada. We should go on to send them there. There's that horrible evil gambling And you notice that like the southern back is when they have their conventions where they go. Vegas, right Because they believe in moral values, they be man you show me a religious kinetic who his name, Hibil cried and I'll show you a miracle. I'll show you a one in the trillion because I don't think that any will exist WCN. Hello, okay I'm going to shoot my girlfriend with this thing that's going on. Oh, Charlie don't do it. It's amazing I'll give you satisfaction. Maybe shoot yourself in the toe. If you don't mind this something really quick There's a website right there is called smart decals.com. What is it? Mark decals.com. Okay, and they actually they do decals and shirts and things like that And new pleasure of a religious. There's a pleasure lead is the flag of the divided states of America and for the idiots for which it can One nation under Bush with bibles in life for all. Okay, if I love it. It's and it's amazing. Everything has been turned around and wow even with the vaccine hand. They know the fascist is just too North of you know where was it. It's a. It's a. It's a. It's a. But you know, at least they're consistent because when you're dealing with religious nuts and you present the fact that you laid them out very Rational and them about the whole religion thing and about all their beliefs. It's a different difference because they're beyond it. They're not able to absorb it. That they don't want to absorb it. They've already know the truth. They got the answers and you know the truth be damned. I was I was having a conversation with someone who was worried for Bush and I said well, what do you have for the fact what what's making you both for Bush. What is it that you like about them? Oh, I just kind of cut feeling. I got a good feeling too. I can't say about the scrubber and the fact don't mean anything to you right. I said, you got to know I had a gone to them. Oh, the fact they just got as light as a one doesn't mean anything to you know I just got people because you know he went he went into Iraq because of my 11. And he didn't go to Iraq because of any 11. How about that to do with 11. Don't forget half of America still believes that the Sodom A had weapons and mass destruction and B had something to do with 9. 11. So how do you deal with that? You can't you know what people deserve what they get. Yeah, but you're going to get a Bible with every chapter. All right. Okay. Thanks for that. If you check that website out, it's a great site. Let me write it down. What is it again? Mark.com. Got it. Thanks. I have a lot of speakers, a lot of carry stuff. It's a great site. I don't purchase probably most of my check-ups. Okay. I see the border pali thanks. Great man. Great for us. Okay. Now, I suppose the border is concerned. I just want to tell you this because yesterday had a chance to talk to some people here in Toronto and those people are these people are here from the cab drivers and everybody to business people. Anybody I know they just they can't believe it. They're not just the press they're in a state of shock. They just can't believe that the public in America did this again. You know that old saying that they have in Texas and in Tennessee, fool me once, shame on me and fool me. You can't get fooling me. What about that? Might he was mumbling? You know something about a bargaret or something a little bit crap like he was always mumbling. And that's about half of what he learned in public. But I want to say it again. And this is where they really snook it in the media. They snook it in the bloggers and everybody else they didn't realize they hit him blindsided. I mean, I'm not saying that all those long lines were because obviously a lot more, you know, I've carried out 4 million votes more than Gordon. The only problem is that Bush got 7.5 million more votes this than they did 4 years ago. And where did those other 3.5 million votes come from? I can tell yesterday they came from the evangelical questions they mean. The same people who said about in 2000 because of that DUI which is, I mean, how child is this in the first place? I mean, here's got already admits that he was a drunk and a cocaine and I mean, you name it. Piece of turd. But the DUI maybe, that's kept in home because he wasn't perfect, I guess. But now that he's had 4 years of show, that he's a perfect idiot. Now that came out and drove on Tuesday, it roves. That's pretty early work. Almost 4 million. That's true. That's that's be the true. They came out in enormous humongous numbers. And women of America may not have a hang your heads in shame, okay? That was perfect. The 60 moms. Oh, God. All these clichés, man. Just make you want to puke. The double-than-craft moms is what they're talking about. The moms that don't mind sending their kids off to get slaughtered human sacrifice. His worth it. WQAM, hello. Yes, yes. Mr. How are you? Great. I want you to know that we're not in the nation, but when we call on the cell phone, it rings the ring, then the phone company, but the soft. So we have to try to call back. Yeah, I'll just send them phone company for again, man. Why you get it? I just want to let you know. I firmly believe that this election was totally rigged. And I'll give you an example. I'm in the art. My VISTA law, somebody's the most involved. We're helping them out. And we went in there and voted for Terry and they came up as Bush when he came up. Right. I don't have to talk to other people at the same experience. Why did you attention the election officials and they so called change the vote? Well, that's just a coincidence. It could have happened all over the place. There's no way of proving it because there's no paper trail or anything like that. But I firmly believe they made it close enough to make it look legit. I'm totally of the belief that this whole election was totally rigged. Don't forget to die bold. Back to your no-high old man. When a president of the company told us a year and a half ago that he was going to do everything this power to make sure that Bush will. You're happy with his help. You're happy with his help. You're happy with his help. Anyone in a hell, how about 135,000 votes? If Terry forget about Florida, if Terry wins Ohio, it's all over. You're absolutely right. And we love you and everything else in the district guards from Mary the map in in Orlando in Tokovari. All right. Thanks a lot, Tyler. Bye-bye. Hang in there. Yeah, it could have been great. But you know, crime like Spod and Spilt Nob now he's going to get to job done. It's nothing you can do about it. Never can be proven. We know for sure if see this is another thing. And it's just the fact that he won Florida is so shocking and so astonishing. Just so amazing. When they stuck into the people of Florida right in broad daylight four years ago in Storly Election and put us through the most agonizing, the most humiliating, degrading and embarrassing much of crap. When they turned people away who had a legitimate rights of vote, when they did everything in a power to disenfranchise minorities. And he wins Florida by almost 300,000 votes. It's enough to make it bell-chir guts out. That's a give you like enormous pockets of gas. Although Spars of Gasses consider nothing, a lot of us will be given that pretty soon. Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and all the free gas, too, that we're going to be inhaling very soon in toxic fumes. At least a good job, we did on the environment. Let's see Ian, Ian Pramowitz, my good buddy over there at the Woodbind says happy birthday and many many many more see Woodbind. What a good guy. I'll see over there, I'll find you some hot slot machines over there Ian plays, okay? He must be listen I'm lying. Old Ian Pramowitz. What he came? Let's say hi to my old friend Randy Wapels too, by the way. Come to butcher up a little bit lately. Let's see, here's what it says that you see huge w's behind boisteries acceptance speech. This is a good point. Apparently the letter W is the new swastika. I guess that must be it, okay? W. Wow, that's so cute. See we can laugh a little bit. Although I can laugh a lot more than most of you came because I'm not there. Yeah, too bad. Yeah, too bad. Well, I'll be there. Show officially starting them up seven minutes. See this hour is fine because it's very like, I don't know, how do you describe it. Very informal, very laid back to an old pressure. It's like not there. It's like a dry run, so to speak. In fact, I think that's what Tuesday was now let's have a real election. Yeah, WQAM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, I have a question for you. Well, I'm thinking like everybody else is, but I wonder why, because I heard that the seniors obviously went carries way in Florida. Why does the last vote go so heavily to work for? What is that? That's a good question. It's not just the Cubans, which we knew. In fact, there were fewer Cubans voted for Bush this time in last time, but the latins in general, meaning Puerto Ricans and, In fact, they can talk about the, go ahead. What is it? That's it. Number the IFOR corridor in Florida, let's say, keep calling it. Up there, Orlando, you know, from Tampa, across to a Cocoa Beach, whatever that is. Heavy Puerto Rican and Latin population, they voted overwhelmingly for Bush. And he got 44% they kept saying if he got more than 40% it would be a miracle. He got 44% the latent vote nationwide. I don't know what that's all about. I have no idea. And of course, the way they pander to the illegal aliens, and, you know, which is totally non-republican as far as the position is concerned politically. That probably doesn't have to do with it. Perfect. Thank you. Good luck to us, Palai. Thanks. Yeah, when they promised all the illegal aliens at 57 Chibi and a, uh, we voted for a distribution card and all the other freebies, you know. And a few lottery tickets. Oh, you guess what? I never checked a lot of our numbers last night. You better do that. That would be great. And that's going to be a setting. I think when we come back at the top of the hour, I'm going to check the allot number. And check my, I've got 40 tickets. That's what I'm going to write here. There's a lot of 649 November 3rd, 2004. And I'm going to check these against the numbers. It was only 10 million last night, though, which I guess is not that much. It's Canadian ace, so it's only 8.2 million. And they were working dollar by the way, continues to drop. And I better check it again before I speak. I don't want to speak out of turn. But let me just say this to you. Let me take a few at it. I was head David Maya former good friend and the gambling channel, another one of those kind. Let's see, uh, is it coming up here? You can see the price of oil, because I noticed all of that is a Dow. What's up pretty good now? It's only up about a point. You'll see that coming back through now. And then as that's already down 10. See now that they boost the markets up. Realize those last three or four days with that Sony rally. Now, those start coming right back to where they ought to be in drop and like a rock. But I had noticed the price of oil was up over 50 bucks a barrel again. You think that's just a coincidence? I want it, huh? Yeah. I guess bandar Bush got the green light. Okay, bandar. Crank it up again, man. Let's give it up about 60 bucks a barrel by the end of the week. And I think they're working on it feverishly. So I'm going to check those lot of tickets. And if I get to 10 million dollars, you're done, but you're going to do a great show. Or something. Yeah. Well, if you had any idea what I would like to tell certain people in that building, you can't even Begin to imagine. Well, it's got that baby. Yeah. 10. 56 at 5.60. WQAM. Set time of the year again, the snowboards and the relatives coming down from the north of the winter time in this winter, line up, give them something special, a great night sleep on a new mattress from the bottom of the mattress. Or you'll find the complete line of the top names in the building business. See you later. Sermons, King Quarrel, temper peed, even Steering's in foster here. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Save an additional 20% off and a super low-factory direct prices on select models too. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Pick the day in time for delivery. Any two are one of those convenient for you when you're going to be home. Any day, 7 days a week from 8 in the AM, Phil Tins in the DM. All the smart folks are calling dialing my first because you can't be third deal. No prices, same day delivery, free set up and move. So set a shopping around from your vetting and department stores back and forth wasting time gas and a lot of cash. Call dial a mattress. It's easy to see whether right number one customer satisfaction, dial a mattress even got the prestigious that her business bureaus Torch a excellence award. So give them a call today and you'll be sleeping like a baby tonight and for years to come. 1-800 mattress online at smacres.com. But make that call right now and they can be there before the end of the day. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. All stunting new brushes action smart. Absolutely, simply someKit box required to use them in hand. This is the new rides yourself. This is your boy. Any question? You go to die You can't show you how done with me And you can't make the most back of me You can get a push-up You can't make the most shot You can get a push-up You can get a push-up You go away You go to the bathroom You can't get a push-up Stay in the bed You can't get a push-up Stay in the bed I feel my breath And if I have a needle from your brain You can't get a push-up You can get a push-up You can get a push-up Go home and pray You can't get a push-up I did a bad thing What I did is I looked up to see if anybody won And nobody won Try to run off the bed I didn't win the 10 million bucks I can see it's going to be 17 million on Saturday Oh, better luck than that Because it will go over Yeah, why would I win it to the 10 million When you know, we can win 17 million In like three days later I don't think I even got three on here Anywhere, which I never do that This was extraordinarily bad 10, 18, 19, 37, 43, 48 And the bonus numbers 12 I got some of the couple here But this is pretty lame Which I think is pretty good old one for Saturday Don't you? Yeah Because I had the five out of six You know, a week ago Which only was 1600 bucks It's just pretty crappy For example, five out of six this time Is like 2700 bucks Let's see I'm just finishing check on these up very well Okay, because if I win I think it was one winner with five plus the bonus out of six Which is 405 grand You can head a cycle We'll just enjoy this Oh, I just see 31, 47 I didn't do craft man I didn't do anything this time This is pretty depressing Didn't come close to anything And these are like real unusual numbers You're in a good just in layout form And I'm just just going to say No, you don't need any way Stop it, 80 18, 23, 42, 48 Well there's one on two again You can open that in 2 though 37, 48 There's another one on two You don't get none for that 18 I think you're craft Didn't get a dime 80 bucks down the toilet Baby easy company's you go Of course I'll be getting that back And my tax breaks from President Bush So I don't have to worry about that at all With a kind of income I got President Bush's that it makes sure I get a lot more tax breaks Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh man, I'm even free Isn't that depressing? I mean, three's only five bucks But at least it's not an oral victory And it's something Anyway, let's say get this show going out Let's get rid of that You could be a winner thing on Or would it be an even lottery I'm sorry Didn't do it What happened to been great if I had a one right on the year? Wow! I would have been something I would have let out a good shrine And he would have heard that That you're always dreading You know that silence? Yeah Yeah I got lucky I got lucky You heard the silence in the middle That would have been it That's a big punishment I should be a card And maybe a checker you're birthday Although I doubt it Let's see Now maybe a bigger one's matter of fact So pay for it a lot of we are on Saturday Even you two Josh I'll sacrifice a ticket 277 volts on a pull against day Which applies to your feelings about the election result That's what we asked our listeners out there Here's what they said Sad and depressed And text the change Who finds such a suggestion We didn't even have that on there But you see the way of past everything else Like they were standing still Sad and depressed 911 Pistoff 733 Our fired up and pissed off Suicidal for 31 Glad it's over 294 Extatic 181 That's 6.5% They're dancing Oh yeah, we got the police one Thank god, praise Jesus Extatic 6.9% Please 184.2 That's 10.7% In different 53 And what result 49 What me worried? 49 So 10.7% This audience was either pleased or ecstatic That their fear or gut inner again All I shouldn't say that because Hitler was a lot smarter than this guy But just the people around this guy who like Take you a back To you W and Boca says I was listening to Howard this morning on QM And the signal got real scratchy I switched over to Palm Beach Station 103.1 Not only is QM bleeping Howard way more But QM completely dumped out of Howard segment Two or three minutes before the bit was over Since I love you but I'll probably catch Howard and FN More in the future regarding Boca Can't believe the ignorant whistle in American public Since day W and Boca Well there you go That's not sound pretty good about that Howard situation on QM Here's Carlos in top of it was perhaps all He was the spirit of Christ compelled But that's definitely a possibility Jesus Christ never really thought about that That might have been it It was either the spirit of Christ or the power of Christ or both Remember what the power of Christ of Christ of Christ He's been the power of FNL when he came right down The power of Christ of Christ Yeah, it tells you Anyway, so that's the facts from Carlos Thank you Carlos, it's a good point Now what do we do now? Or the V in current today is Carmen left I don't need to hold us If he needs an introduction to Carmen left Then you're not qualified to be looking back there Just Googler after you Googler Yeah, that's right, just give it a little Google I think also a lot of my like start giving Hericans functions while we're on the air Because you never know if he can even hear me Off and on But is it really still Let's see I'm going to vote here That's a pretty tough choice here Then I pull we got for today I was going to say we can probably now We're not probably we need to get rid of clean up that website So we get more people right to be meet with the matter Okay, I'll go to the homepage right now And take a look at all the crawlers Carlos, Carlos, my name is Herman Gerang Jr Look at that What a piece of crap So do you think the president will give him what he wants now? Welcome Okay, let's see Images from the three debates is bushware That can go and you were that finger We can get that the electronic voice Bush is great No, I think we need to leave that one on it It's very popular right? We got some new stuff from the Robert That I just said, oh, we're going to get one of the other bush Pentagon struck out with prefer to leave on there For perpetuity Okay, so we can clean that up And if you got a couple of new things to put on that it's fine too I just just mention that in passing Because I don't want to have Not that those things are important for people to see But it's kind of a move point Not anyway If they didn't commit to misogel, ready it's too late to turn back now It's Cornedius brothers and sister Rose said I like that song, it was okay, kind of syrupy But it was alright Cornedius brothers and sister Rose In fact, if I had it that play, I'm sure you got it There's some, I'm wondering what it's about But don't knock yourself out Alright, here's the poll today Airfacet and a comma by the way In case you missed that There are farts and a comma The amendment for is going to pass It's fine as wine Have no fear Here's the poll today Which of these is most accurate Bush won the election because of Carl Roe of 911 Because of Bordigan nut jobs Because of fear and stupidity Because he was a better choice in Kyrie Or because the Democrats are in that Now that's a tough tough choice That is, but you have to make this election Just like their select the election That was an easy choice and they still made it tough And see all that tough to me when he came around down with Now here's a bad story To that we didn't have this right before the election And you'll notice Sunday night Not this past Sunday But this coming Sunday CNN is running this big documentary about the Saudis Right Have you seen the promos for that? Yeah, this coming Sunday Five days after the election is over About the signed the guard of the materials Last helplessly soldiers told the LA Times This is just un-acceptable as what it is Un-acceptable About a dozen US troops That's all we're guarding the sprawling facility in the weeks after the April 2003 A fall of Baghdad When Iraqi looters raided the site to newspaper quoted a group of unidentified soldiers Saying US Army resurfaced in National Guardhood Witnessed the looting and some soldiers set messages to commanders and Baghdad Requesting help but received no reply they said It was complete chaos It was looting like LA during the Rodney Kingwise when officers said The Iwitness accounts reported by the Times The first provided by US soldiers and bolster claims that the US military had failed to safeguard the powerful explosives in his paper said Hey about that election Yeah, I think let's turn a clock back a couple of days please Pretty please Cracker please The Rack official told you when international telecommunications agency agency the IAEA Last month at about 180 tons of high-brainer explosives had been taken from the out-cockoff facility Soldiers have belonged to two different units described how Iraqi snacks the explosives from the US Unsecured bunkers and grow off of them and pick up trucks the soldiers have spoken to the Times Actermaine unidentified saying they feared retaliation from the Pentagon no Schmidt The soldier said it could not confirm that the luggers took the especially powerful explosives known as ATMX and RDS One soldier high ever said US forces saw looters load trucks with bags marked hexamine Which is a king greeting for ATMX One senior noncommission officer said troops were running from one side of the camp out of the other side Trying to kick people out and at least 100 vehicles were at the site waiting for the military police so they could loot the munitions And that lovely our enemy doing great job? Spitzacker Four soldiers who are members of the Germany based year with 17 support center in the 250th rear area operation center Black dome and Arizona based Army National Guard units said the looting happened over several weeks in late April early May of 2003 Asked about the soldiers a cast pedigins postwoman Rose Anne Lynch told the newspaper We took the report of the munitions very serious that we're looking into facts and circumstances in other words Think about the same Two burrow sick Post case one man and then the IX ends over Yeah, that's me and you religious not so fair man the rest of us go on any party Okay, we don't know here about the Jesus correctly whatever you want that's what I'm our official about freedom of religion freedom of speech used to be anyway But leave what you want but leave us alone We don't leave us alone That's very well. Do I that's what they won't do they're gonna save us they're gonna drag us by the arm of the we want to go along or not or Schleppin us across that street random little an oncoming a Mac trucks because they have this God dang it Gosh darn Gosh damn it. I still got still gosh damn I can see Oh God Come on damn it. See it was a colony. I see the combat before just like just like that was a little raspberry Maybe it's some of the fruit Paul minutes after 11 at 5.60 W QA. I'm just here out folks. Okay. It's gonna get a lot worse How does the time to save like never be for it Armstrong for the homestay because these folks have been a clear out all the remaining O4s to make room for those great 2005s So you're gonna save like never before on all remaining O4s and stock ready for immediate delivery if not sooner And all the O fines are in and ready to roll out plus for a limited time you can get yourself zero percent financing on any of the following Explorers escapes focuses toruses and lustangs certain restrictions apply lots of Armstrong for the homestay Our jam black crazy with more O5s arriving every day so they're cutting prices to get those or fours out of there and you're gonna save a ton Armstrong for the offer you more value to what's low customers too because when you buy your for the Armstrong for the homestay You get their exclusive tires and batteries for life So if you've been drones in for a new car by putting it off wait not another minute They've been rich in the Stanford Armstrong for the homestay will guarantee you the best price and don't forget these folks are locally on the Affinity they'll feature well you'll get a better deal in town anywhere nobody in switch no phone. He feels no arm twisting no games with your credit cards your keys your thing Armstrong for the homestay to 307 25 South to see highway just 20 minutes south of the 86 check them out of the web Armstrong cars come in and travel a little and save thousands and thousands and billions on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford of homestay For the center meal Roger Power David's the bitch Oh I got you getting it on My friend I'm Who's got everything from me So my close Darren ticket She's got my face My friend I'm sure it was down Oh, not the girls you've been my friend I've always a boy nish and I'll be telling she makes my fingers When I move on and see Oh Oh I I So I just we darn Oh Wait a minute Don't show up your credit for both You understand it quite the reason you're all turned into people That's what's for reset to go So I do it with two Oh Papa You know Bill O'Reilly and Rush Bob Novak you know who out of the gallery plane How come we're not hearing anymore about that? I guess we just won't hear no more about Joseph Wilson and Valerie playing all of those things shut up coming back I think I'd be able to take in Niger all of those things hate But just want to hear about that because it's small potatoes. I just keep rechecking these loud tickets and I'm really sorry to say Nothing That's bad like I'm up here Well, I'm hoping that maybe I missed something there. You know, see that's why you got it one by about five hundred dollars worth But he's probably still gonna get nothing but a lot of good time Anyway, here's one the fact that says another choice of the pool because he had more money behind him Yeah, we can put that on there. Turn later this must finish this current session. Yeah, let's finish it. Let's get it over when we get you out of there Because the animal might be hiding dry sticks out on there if you want or is not that okay? I really don't care And I'm easy to already log in it Anyway, here's the liner Uh, that's gonna be quite a bit of a read a snappy liner Look for the QM van right now It's a shell station on the corner 27 is Avenue in US one in Miami Stop by the pickup of pair passes to the auto show that starts tomorrow the mommy beats convention center I can't believe we're actually given something away people might want So stop by and look for the QM van and take a peek at it It sets the shell station in the corner of 275 in US one in Miami Stop by pickup of pair passes to the auto show which starts tomorrow in the mommy beach convention center And I might be a few people are even speaking in ways, but I don't Okay, here's the idea. Oh, you hear that? I heard that. Good job Which of these is most accurate? Bush one the election because 1165 votes Uh, here's stupidity 73 Born again not jobs 39 Democrats are we next 20. He was a better choice than theory 17 it's about 10 percent Carl Role 14 and of 9112 But now 911's only got a pair of votes and I don't want to sway the way this thing goes But let me ask you this question, okay? No, if 911 wouldn't happen is there any chance you would have gotten reelected So me everything else would have been the same no Any chance? I mean even like Fuck, no, that's why they let it happen on purpose Or maybe they just arranged it or In fact, somebody fascinated that I never got around to it It was a picture of Bush hitting me on the classroom and Carl Role, whispering in his ear About to run to attack and he looked at his watch said oh nine o'clock. I thought I was supposed to be 10 Robert Facts is in says will they ever trust this again by Michael Moore or books suggestion And so I'm reading this even though I voted for Kerry I think at least I tried to do I feel like I left He sold his down. I'm a lighter note. You see the video of the man in Taiwan who was mobbed by lines I didn't see that after he jumped in the case who was trying to convert lines to Christianity I'll write right there you go the power of Christ compeled him the power Christ compeled him you trying to carry out convert lines It might be the movie the war the world remember that right He's going to convert the monster from Mars wrote at least from the big one I'd serpent if we can still say that and There he go pops We'll see him no more He even looked a little worse toward the priest on passions whatever hell is name his father of line man 5 6 7 let's get this turkey unloaded okay, let's get it on the road. Oh, I got bad news for you Got some bad news a more yeah All these people are keep planning on coming up here now and putting my friend can help or near Discruminal Democrats signal a safe Canadian haven after president Bush won the election to they shouldn't pack the bags just the idea Canadian officials made clear yesterday that any West citizen so cut up with Bush that they want to make a fresh start-up north Would have to stand in line like any other would be immigrants away to can I take up to a year? Let me tell you if they're hard working honest people there's a process and let them apply immigration minister Judy surged wrote a surged role or whatever name is told Reuters there's a process you can be danger that's what she said Ask whether American applicants would get special treatments. He said no, they'll join the crowd like all the other people want to come to Canada There are anywhere from 600,000,000 Americans living in Canada. There was students who were to left in the US and I traditionally favored the Democrats over Republicans thank God Oh, good. But statistic show a gradual decline in the US citizens coming to Canada to work in live in Canada, which has an alien health care system And relatively high levels of personal taxation at last part of certainly right. They got the GST and the PST and the TADT Everyone officials real estate brokers and Democrat activists said that while some Americans might talk about moving to Canada rather than living with a new Bush administration They didn't expect a mass influx. Thank God the last thing we need to hold out to Americans here It's nothing to say I'm leaving for Canada and quite not that they'd actually find a job there and wonder about whether you're going to live and where the children are going to school said one official Live your king of the Toronto based Democrats at the Frog Group said he'd heard nothing about a possible Exodus of party members Maybe he ought to talk to Leon Yoris I imagine the most committed Democrats will want to stay in the US continue being politically active there He said American seeking the immigrant can apply to the government and citizens of Canada a process that often takes a year Becoming a full citizen takes a further three years The other main way to move north on along to invasive is find a job which in all cases requires a work permit which takes him for to six months to come through Sitting for the answer like that The Canadian Foreign Ministry said there's always been there said there's been no increase in its hits on the Washington MSC's immigration website Well, how's housing broker? They see a surge in US business Canada has always been open and welcoming new Americans who want to be okay here But we don't think we'll be a trend or a movement saying Tina Romanece I've roll a page residential real estate services You know Romanece How do you like that? Probably like that spaghetti golden acey 5670560 I'm just in coherent case. You have an odis just plus the fact that so damn the press you're not even to have just three numbers Just for the five bucks not that it's gonna change my life, but you know just to make you feel like you know You got a little bit of a shot. We got a shot And how come there still haven't been any a fire reason that organization Josh They're gonna let them finish out the season They said But is that what just you see assuming yeah, for themselves maybe they made a deal of work for half price or something They're just gonna let them hang on for that's bad one and seven Now CB four things and of course this is before junior sale got hurt people fuck well Arizona there's a team that we could be you know What do you think now? What are the chances? About 30 men that's on a scale to a million That's not 30 percent that's 30 in a scale of 10 million Let's see another trace of the pool today says Carl and West Palm Beach We're talking stole up by hacking with the databases of the computer voting machines That's a little bit too cynical even for us although you probably have a really good point Let's see let's not put that on there. Okay. That's all right. How are you if you want? I don't know let's see. Let's take the temperature you only election because they stole it Right, just they stole you have to put all out of the ruby agenda. No, what we're talking about Palm Beach trouble maker fashion says Republicans not control Congress the president see the media The Supreme Court and now they own the votes with these people was voting machines and software owned and operated by Republicans What fools we are we're waiting in those lines Since that makes big an democrat meaning let's have an ostrich my party world. They can't remember crack to republican Becoming part of them will split the republicans in two camps. They were monitoring neocons fended all party Versus the anti nation building knows fan any of it party. Pitting them against each other is our only hope We have to break up this one party rule or we're never have any checks and balances. What do you think? What do you think? What do you think? I think it's better good idea. What do we want good 27 past eleven and five sixty w q a m iris tax problems have a buddy when he has baby They run all the aspects of your life. They take a toll on you financially physically and emotionally You can never really forget about those iris problems that come back each morning when you wake up in a cold sweat CP 18y buckle all the buck wall tax formal help in your iris problems forever and give you back some peace of mind That's why other top CPA law firms refer their plans to the buck wall tax firm when they bet iris problems So amount of blood potential criminal prosecution get all your unfile tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records Now suppose you have an iris lean away is levy. O payroll tax and penalties. Maybe you want to settle for thousands less than the or just need time to pay Whatever your deal is your predicament the buck wall tax firm can have the out the offer free initial consultation affordable guaranteed fees and immediately from our Restoration and vegetable you never have to even meet with the RS because the buck wall tax from handles all meetings and discussions You don't even have to show up call them today with the O 10 thousand remaining bus to iris taxes the buck wall tax firm can solve it for you call nine five four five seven five twenty and hundred two day For your free consultation or visit them on the way but iris freedom dot com and stop worrying about the RS knocking at your front door or knocking it down nine five four five seven five Twenty and hundred for the buck wall tax firm You know what seems a new Roger So you You What was that Cute I didn't hear no cute want a lovely hot little boy for an hour to cute I didn't marry my dad. I married better John is Much better person In a control Exxonate We're doing In a family that he was controlling and I obey Yes And then we're just You He can be one Stop Now He can be He can be Don't be Don't be I've paid him on your money I've been with my dad She's crazed as John McIngrow He looked alike to the wall Wow She's Johnny I Is The I Is Oh I Is I Is I Is I Is I Is I Is I don't know I was I was a little bit of the presidential news briefing this morning Which you know this right after the election is having a press conference Yeah And you won't have that happening in for about three and a half years Here's the good news Okay, which we had exclusively on the show We've known nobody was listening when we came on early at 10.00 this morning lobbyist believes F. and he balanced push-off question into the win collar Oh Run book A mommy lobbyist for a level playing field and amendment four this morning said the Post lots of women's side is picked up several thousand absentee votes in Palm Beach and B. Counties and now this demand will pass If so it would lead to slot machines at seven south photo waste action high-eye front hours The problem is being blamed on a software glitch and it may have affected That only the kind of amendment four but also amendments five through eight in Broward and Broward A perna de software was programmed to limit the number of votes to 32,000 for precinct But when the 673,000 plus absentees were counted the software cut off the true count The glitch may have affected 70 to 100,000 absentee ballots being counted in Broward County The absentee count is expected to be certified to the state on amendment four and Broward is four hundred way to the early numbers 454,000 total and 76 votes for and 219,000 37 against that's 225,000 cushion Oh in favor of amendment four How do you like that? Oh right Excellent And of course since it passed overwhelmingly in date and Broward when the goes to Referendum which probably will be in March assuming this thing gets all the way Next couple of days which I'm sure will ratify and certified and unified In March and a date and Broward can vote on it. It will pass overwhelmingly Especially because between now and March the people in date and Broward will discover in fact I'll probably discover it in the next day or two that the people who put up most of the line of Fight against this and warn everybody about the sins of gambling and eaves of all those Get come to find out that they're in the gambling business themselves Most of them happy that be yeah Which is why they prefer to remain anonymous and behind the veil of some other some Nibbi was named some organization but come to find out that they're involved in that evil Simple gambling operation and so then was just selfishness. They're just trying to keep everybody else out Keep the affirmation to us under the phone ain't gonna work pass overwhelmingly 225,000 Wow Okay, so that's the good news. Amendment four is passed. It'll be official any day now and life goes on This at least it needs to press about the presidential election and the Senate races and the all the other stuff and Congress in general You can go find your guts out of your nearby track and date and Broward pretty soon probably in about a year And they're great Spectacular and it says you're so sour on some machines by the way And I over the weekend I forgot to mention it's so far this week. I over the week in Niagara Falls One five points seven million dollars on a dollar slot machine I just mentioned that in passing. We can not try to get you to go play slots Okay one five points seven million was he gave no, okay not yet Why nine WQIM Well, you know this sir You know, you think Carl Roe gets a tax break for being an asshole over there to White House No question about it He worked on some family baby I love you show and and I thought I would be looking to you if it wasn't for Howard Curtis I started with him and then I discovered you so well Thank God for Howard baby. There you go. Okay. Thanks. You're right. See Howard's turned brought us a lot more audience in fact Maybe enough to like 50 election if we just had some promotion about Howard's turn be it on QAM But of course, you know Greg just goes ahead and puts it on and keeps changing the whole line up And is anybody doing any real promotion on this I guarantee that probably a good percentage Not good man. He's pretty percent of the student audience. So even though he's on QAM would you think I don't think? Not seriously because most people under the age of 100 I hate to keep saying this they don't listen to AM radio AM radio is a dinosaur It's in an agreement. It's something from a past and in fact most of those people under the age of 100 They've grown up listening to FM radio. They didn't even know from AM. They thought AM was like short wave And quite frankly it sounds a little bit like short wave, you know Especially when you grab in there on 4401 under the power lines under the overpass and over the underpass Man, it sounds like crap So maybe a few billboards would have been nice, you know Howard Stern and Neil and Mad Dog and the Humper Assuming of course that any of us are going to be around more than five minutes. You never know what this outfit though All depends on what that temperature is when they pull that thermometer out of somebody you like WQA and hello Yes sir I was just along with what you know that person dumped some shmit is on the radio now He's just my more of a situation to go to some sleep less than I know he got some sleep less than Yeah, he's a bumpling all the answers and just making it a jerk out of himself Okay, well listen, we still don't exist in any way pal. Yes, good interviews and whole process We keep basically saying the same thing over and over again Like abugar Yeah, we're keeps saying the same dumb things over and over again Well, like I said, at least he's consistent. You know, you know, so few laughs And hopefully we won't kill too many people next to where you're small pull the world up yet Don't forget are we still not any of those passes for the auto show yet? Still as far as I know so far as we know look for that QN brand right now It's at the shelf station quarter 27 of them. He went to my mail. He got to do a stop by there and reach right in just to your hand in there And pick up a pair of passes to the auto show that starts at the Miami Beach convention said it to Laurel You was something to do out over the weekend keep your office streets. Keep you a nice new with 2005 Corvette WQA and hello In the end of roasting again Not use will hop inside to make more so Oh, oh, okay Oh, what do you think about that? Let's see how that pull looks so far. Hey, let's imagine I was all laughing up a little bit. Okay, let's lighten up in a public room There are a lot of stress and new ration where to find a funky dress. Maybe it's a blue dress We're going for that first day on this we've aren't Let's see which it is is most accurate to think what do you think? Bush one a election because a fear and stupidity 135 those safety moms Board again that job's 85. I think that should be number one Although this seat is a lot of cross over these various categories. Yeah, because he was a better choice in carry 37. Ten and a half percent all my god The Democrats are in F-35. That's a good choice Carl Roe Carl Roe's got a good man Good choices because they stole of 18 because of 9. Love and 9 and he had the more money behind him one solument They were all I've never crashed in an empty shortage of money now you in 2000 That was a problem at the end the poor people around on money and that's why the right at the ass in there They are just they just didn't quite come up to self and they didn't want win by enough to overcome the fix they did win But they didn't win by enough because if you're you see from here on in if the Democrats or any parties Then me through Republicans and Antoinette my about a whole bunch of phone I heard man. Just to overcome the situation All right The Love the Mama tonight show trying to make light. I'm tragic situation So that's what Colby Bryant said hey why not the rules already paid for No America's favorite monologue marathon man is trying your patients in a whole new way Big chin records for Zens J. Leno does hits of the 80s why How the kids are at this house right now? Hey, give up what the president is saying give up this treat on this unbelievable does hits of the 80s today Relax don't do it. I used to be free. But I avoid it. It isn't that right Kevin To order J Leno does hits of the 80s just call 1 800 oh who are we kidding? No, I was gonna buy this garbage Every time I hear that I keep thinking about that line. Where's his I used to be funny and I'm thinking I must have missed that part What he just gives me the willy state of mind J Leno and he and Letterman. He said it like poison. Did you know that? I did Huh sure of course I got an article here in fact I got a whole bunch of stuff that I never even got to yeah Letterman Leno battle escalates into war from the inquire Which we love the inquire on his show and But I think I Schmidt can the fur oh here it is David Letterman is gone to war against former friend J Leno after the announcement that Conan O'Brien will take Leno tonight show a cheering five years Letterman who believes Leno said them in the back when he maneuvered for the tonight job 12 years ago Took a pot shot at J on his late show a few days after the announcement He said Conan O'Brien is the most powerful person television because he pushed Leno out of the cheer and he's really calling the shots over there at NBC And now that we have a friend on that tonight show maybe I'll be invited on that as a guest on that show And it goes on in length maybe I'll get to some of that stuff you know now that we have this election stuff over with but I doubt it here's a very strange story from Hollywood 2000 businesses in civil square blocks and Hollywood were evacuated this morning after possibly explosive device was discovered under a car around nine o'clock this morning Hollywood police received a call from Donald's honor repair at 5690 Johnson Street. I wonder if that's dud Donald After an explosive device attached to the undercarriage of a car Police kept until me road or roady whatever's name is said a customer to come into the shop for repair work early this morning The car was placed not and I stopped. I think about the odds of this happening the car was placed on the list and that's when the device was discovered Okay, you see what I'm saying What are the odds of that? Several blocks you are in the out of a fair shop where evacuated several federal agencies are at the scene in the bomb squad The code the site now this is from the hero that said in half of my nine this morning I'm looking on their website for updates, but their website is just in a barшine as a piece of crap and they also don't put a time On the stories I'm like the son sent where many real newspaper Well the son sent us on us for real. I'll say it because I'm a show They put the time when you get an update breaking story, but the hero can't be bothered do that so they just had the date So I don't know what the deal was now maybe maybe our news department will figure Here's a fact from somebody who says my response to what happened on today one word in teach me to Born to the Congress upon the Democrats well for the Democrats are once in decent campaigns instead of falling out of bed and off their ass And that's another thing What all these right wingers came out these event event local Christians you notice that's why they were publicins picked up four sheets in the Senate Greece to leave in the house because all the right wingers came out So that's why you got that to goop all in South Carolina and they're one in Coburn in Oklahoma and tune in South Dakota says he promises they're gonna be singing a different tune That's right Although it's not gonna be that's fine with me because Tom by Dashville's week in a dickhead hard I talk about a couple of weeks sisters Well, we don't think that we want to challenge the reason we want unity for the kind of back in Racist just go go box after night and I'm loving again Michael more if you go to his website, David you look at it No You go to Michael more dot com I just clicked it on against to make sure it's still on there. Here's the layer It's got a big picture. It's just black black background and it says nothing Well, if it says we're not going away join our mailing list and it's got a place for you to sign on Just got a big it is a barbed wire You looking at it With bushes head behind it I think there's an implication there if you catch my drink you see it. I do there Not cute Yeah, we're not going away. We're just getting more pissed off. We're gonna continue fighting a good fight That's what Michael more says good for you. I have another cheese bird Edible Moorying down avoid a while of worry and she is the queen she's the best The arc times today she writes the red zone and she's got her faman it She says with an democratic party splattered at his feet in little blue puddles John Kerry told the crushed crowd at Fanniewood Hall in Boston about his consent should call the president bush We had a good conversation the senator said and we talked about the danger of division in our country And the need the best we need for unity for finding the common ground coming together today. I hope we can begin the healing Democrat heal by self Probably it doesn't see the business of danger. He sees it as a wingman The president got reelected by dividing the country along fault lines of fear intolerance ignorance and religious rule He doesn't want a heal rift. He wants to bring any riff raff He wants to bring any riff raff who disagree to heal Deputy ran a jean in America so we can fight one in Iraq drawing a devoted flock of evangelicals or a Vague's voters as they call themselves to the polls by opposing abortion Suffocating stem cell research and supporting a constitutional amendment against gay marriage Mr. Bush's administration drummed up fake evidence to trick us into war with Iraq Sticking our troops into in an immoral position with no exit strategy one on moral issues The president says he's humble and wants to reach out to the whole country what humbug The bushes are always gracious until they don't get their way if Deputy didn't reach out after the last election Which he'd barely grab lie what he reached out now that he's got what did Taney call say broad nation my victory Raise Felugia if he has to he feels that the election results endorses version of the war never Mind that the more insurgents American troops kill the more they create Just listen to dick Olaudi is this kuku claustyl vice president and chaney Introducing the man for his victory speech. This has been a consequential presidency Which is revitalized our economy and reasserted a confident American role in the world? Well that has revitalized the halibut and segment of the economy anyhow and Competits and up the first word that comes to mind for the foreign policy of a country that's alienated everyone except Fiji Fice continued now we move forward to served and drive the country we love only dick Taney can make serving guards Unlike rape and pillage He's creating the sort of democracy he likes one part of controls all power in a country Love networksers estate TV one nation dominates the world as hyper power one firm controls contracts in Iraq Just as El Miller was sold over the top of the GOP convention and he made Mr. Taney seem reasonable So several new members of Congress will make WC moderate Tom Colber and the new senator from Oklahoma's advocated the death penalty for doctors and perform abortions and warned that the Gage ended What undermine the country? He also characterized his races a choice between good and evil and city had heard that was ramped lesbian as min Oklahoma's Schools Really he also characterized his races a choice between good and evil and city had heard there was rampant Liesmanism in Oklahoma schools Jim Demig the new senator from South Carolina said during his campaign He supported a state-to-eal feed platform trying banning Gays from teaching in public schools He explained I wouldn't give him the same power same answer when asked of a single woman who was pregnant living with a boyfriend Should be hired and see twice third grade children John Tune who toppled Tom Dachel is an anti-abortion Christian conservator or servant leaders he was held in the campaign at who supports constitutional amendments banning flag burning in game marriage Seeing the exit polls that Democrats immediately started talking about values and religion There's sudden passion for women's sudden white Christian soldiers may put a crimp in Hillary's 2008 campaign nothing but a wooden stake would stop it Meanwhile the blue puddle is comforting itself for the expectation that there's really a bunch of will fadely overreach just as new king were sitting in the 90s But with this crowd it's hard to imagine what would constitute overreaching Invading friends Which he says Yeah, we'll get them French and then freedom prize and freedom to jibbit We'll make them post baby She's good Here you all here's a little insight like I told you before I threatened to read this John Nichols the online B. These are my website by the way We'll be tomorrow today tomorrow whenever right trash whenever Right Something right whenever we get around with John Nichols says roves race is what he calls it he says George W. Bush may have secured Presidency this week but the real winner was Carl Rove The White House political is our solidified disposition as the nation's campaigner and chief Republicans love him Democrats fear him and everyone now agrees that Rove is the political genius of the age So let's listen to Rove in the epilogue of Bob Woodward's book time of attack The author writes about how Rove saw the presidential race in early February 2004 Noting that rove believe that the war in Iraq was turning into a potential negative for the Bush-Chainary election campaign Woodward wrote Previously Rove had claimed he was salivating at the prospect of Democrats with nominate former Vermont Governor Howard Dean in the 2004 presidential race But Dean had imploded and Senator John Kerry the Massachusetts Democrat had won 12 of the 414 Democratic primaries And looks like he was headed for the nomination Locked Rove have to save office development the good news for us is that he is not the nominee Rove now argued when associated in the second floor with win office These unconditional opposition to the Iraq war could have been potent in a face off of Bush One of Dean's strengths through the was they could say I'm not part of the crowd down there The Kerry was very much part of the Washington crowd me and voted in favor of the resolution for the war Rove got out his two-instit loosely find a title bring it on it consisted of research in the Kerry's 19 year record in the Senate Most relevant pages were nine to twenty and not of these section on Iraq Woodward explained that Rove believed that he had Kerry pretty cold on voting to give the president a green light for war And then backing up when he didn't like the aftermath of the South Florida club or Sunday Whatever the case Rove sounded as if he believed it could have not collated the president on Iraq's war in a campaign with Kerry Rove would have observed was lethal Ten months later as the returns ruled in Tuesday night Rove's leasing world placed After every imaginable revelation about the missteps, misdeeds and lies that the Bushman The phrase used to steer the country to the Iraq misadventure and after all the news about the crime Or it had become American effectively said to George W. Bush we trust you to manage the mess more than we trust John Kerry This is the most painful reality of the fall campaign in 2004 For all the talk about Iraq did a beta buff US occupation that country never really took hold Kerry tried to offer himself up as a clear alternative devotion for my stylistic stand for from a stylistic stand When he succeeded we wanted to bait guys out of the practical question of what American troops would be out of harm's way And when the Iraqis will really be running things in their own country about all Kerry had to offer was a vague sooner than rather A later promised it sounded a little bit too much like the secret time to get US troops out of Vietnam at Richard Nixon Federal in 68 It's a stretch to suggest that Howard Dean would necessarily have been a better foe for Burston Kerry Dean had enough baggage to kill several of those loosely holders on Rove's desk But at a fundamental level Rove was right a democratic challenger who could have distance himself or herself from news A force resolution and bushes find of attack would have been as woodwards to just potent in a face-off of Bush To be sure a bush lost the actual debates, but the results of the election as you get he didn't lose the broader debate about the war hindsight is always 2020, but it's worth noting that a lot of progressives rejected Terry's candidacy during the primary season because they feared that In light of his vote on the use of forced resolution he couldn't hold Bush fully accountable for the rush to war That's not cause so many American and Iraqi lives they like trial roe for proven right on Tuesday What about Italian man? What was I saying in the last two weeks of the campaign day after day after day after day? This is Monday morning quarterbacking is the president would say the Tom Brokea was I saying every single day I was screaming at man Dean that's what the queen was saying we need Dean You are listening to Neil Rajesh usually I'm on my 16th I'm proud Indiana Russian lightning and I like scrubbing my silly green house with soap made from jewels and listening to the name Okay, I'm gonna use the hour And now here's Timothy founder of Timothy in forks sausage with a few words about new Timothy's Bagel Sanctions Hello, I'm Timothy You know, as someone had told me it's 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels I'd have said huh? That's Jesus isn't it? But towns have changed and I guess I've got to came with them But I don't have to like it You people want your bagels I'll give you your bagels What a big old breezes slab, a Timothy pork sausage New Timothy non-coaster bagels damages If you're due it you can buy him you just can eat him New Timothy bagels sandwiches Oh Well, what does that mean? It means that there are conflicting reports He's either dead or alive Let's reverse prime minister told reporters today that yes or Amafar had died But Dr. tweeting Amafar in your pericity was still alive They said we hit him with five bullets and he's still alive That's bad news for you and bad news whatever The conflicting statements came after airfax condition sharply wasn't a city was in a coma President Bush was informed of the apparent death of airfax during a press conference this morning in Bush replied God bless you, shoul And that great God bless you, shoul If airfax was born August 4th, 1929 on a car Well, we don't need to have this old bio here This is from Newtday my god just come from the A and P French president dropped your rock went to the hospital for a base air airfax in his life To whom he expressed his best wishes And probably slipped in some poison can only Shurax offers say the president also met members of all our forgotten French never met a terrorist They didn't like our forgotten The president also met members of the Palestinian Authority in doctors who are doing everything possible The visit lasted about 30 minutes Not a hundred minutes Corrected that's big to reporters French television station LCI quoted an anonymous French medical official is saying Aerofax was in an irreversible air-reversible coma and intubated A process that usually involves threatening a tube down the windpipe for the lungs The tube is often connected to a life support machine to help the patient breathe The tube is got that amplitude of tube probably from Mars Who is the real pain in the ass also Yeah, the great moralizers, baby The what was it again? What's the expression they use? Moral values Yeah, moral values man like Russian and Pils bodies point to finger at all the other drug addicts ought to be behind bars And Friday the lecture chair and the meantime hidden will man there are pop pop up and up and down the livable and Bill are rally with his I would have flown sex Oh brother Not to mention of course Jane and Paul Croch and Jim and Tammy Fay and Jim I shin Sragger Oh, good to you old Oh brother give me a fricking break Okay, the American public is so hard and slow Well, we need is a gigantic atheist revolt in this country Let's dig up metal and oh hair. What's left of her? I'll do a boo-doo a set That's gonna hold it a free and a permission foundation and jailord for person. That's what I say I'm writing it in next time. That's right I don't know about that That's what she's married And gay or lord, let's get her all that proves it to me Get her on there get her on a ballot The people around the ballot They're about to be the only other old pros They're the deal at the end of that year And gay or I am well whatever I don't know who the hell am I thinking of I don't know gay or gay or gay or gay or gay I'm sure that's the exact news you've heard periars The former fine picture of the giants From 100 years ago, see there you know There's a sports guy at the Josh even knows about it Yeah, you know junior say out But that's gonna be really ugly on somebody I know that's right The player is on his acting there or is it in Zona That's it Miami It's in the dead Zona Miami Well, and what time is that game? Oh, it's the Sunday one o'clock game There'll be about 20,000 there Hey, are you suggesting that they came like your blackout? Oh, it has so lot of faith Highly likely That's gonna be blackout Well guess what I'll be able to see it in the last Like crazy, I'll be up here going Because I got the package baby, I got that big package I see every game So do I Now who the pick is playing this week? He told me I haven't met any idea I haven't got a freaking clue Well we'll get to that Let's not second two sports intensive way to the bad dog it's too he'll be along Then we got the huffer in the thumb for the bopper it's for You got the hirku and hotline is seven The beast in nine o'clock How do you like that? The beast on the side out of mind in 80k at 10 Well I'm sure is morning the grow test resolve of two desolation Although I bet you I bet you any case pretty excited about the Stops thing pass and any any kind of gambling even on two He's falling from a tree which one will hit the ground first any is all for gambling man So I bet you he's really pleased his punch Especially because it'll help his friends and dignity Highlight right now one of his fine sponsors I don't know the dog tracks and that stuff Not to mention the course tracks I do a dog whenever Yes, if you're such a dog, we're going to adopt a greyhound Okay and quit the leave us alone the train he's loved us to You know it's speaking a greyhound You know I don't know what it is I don't think it's going to suck it to the end of this day We're willing it and smoking it You remember shortly after 9-11 I'm sure you do I dropped this up before but this is one of the great mysteries in recent history Writing in front of our post so can nobody anywhere Has even talked about it Remember when there were about a There's an epidemic of greyhound buses being hijacked Right and the drivers had in their throat slid and go off the road people died Well, well whatever happened with that Sure No, no, no, no one I'm saying I do we never heard another word about it We never heard of those people were terrorist If was al-Qaeda who has ball eyes Or is it a moth? I'm not just a hot I salated incidences of crazy copycat crazy people Right That was the report Just remember there are no coincidences Okay, go and ever forget that There ain't no such thing as a coinciting Oh, let's see here's some of my find a conflict in there But this president says he has a very activist agenda And he says quote, I have the capital Meaning the political capital Oh, he's talking about the super press conference Well they're looking on the screen about it Or if that is better or is not Which I already beat it to it I had that on before they did by the way Got that on the working web Well, what the hell would we do without the internet You know what? What would I do? Right Anyway, JWFaxes I thought I'd let you know what the mood party is up to The moral party, I'm sorry It's flashing Paris and Pintension Anyone with a terrorist representative cars or in their yards Is getting their terrorist lives Imagine if they would have lost Oh, well, there's no blood on my hand Sing houses, JWFax I need more scoff for real Whatever the hell I mean, see these more scoff for real I'm gonna kick you ass And then I'll steal this too, babe I'll take your children Salam Desimation Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go There you go No extra charge, JWFaxes I don't know how I want to do this right now Yeah, it's short, it's short right to the point No, it's not that short I better do it Because I don't want to appeal with the conspiracy theories But I think that you people may be right And I think they may be in your camp But there's nothing we can do about it Well, we don't want to go to camp Please But this was an article August 28th, 2003 by the Cleveland Plain dealer Which I read on the year last year I remember very vividly Like it was only moments ago by Julie Carstmith And the headline of the article was Voting Machine Controversy Keep in mind in the Cleveland Plain dealer in Ohio Okay? In Ohio Ohio The head of a company Vying to sell Voting Machine in Ohio For Republicans In recent fundraising letter that he's committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the present next year The August 14 letter from Walden O'Dell She executive of Diable Inque was become active in the reelection effort to present a push Controversy Democrats this week The question they propriety Of allowing O'Dell's company to calculate votes in the 2004 presidential election O'Dell attended a strategy Powwow with wealthy bush benefactors known as Reangers and Pioneers At the president's Crawford text is ranch earlier this month The next week he penned in the potations to a thousand dollar plate fundraiser to benefit the Ohio Republican Party's federal campaign fund partially benefiting bush and is mentioned in the Columbus suburb of Upper Arlington The letter went out for 84 Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell Also Republican was set to qualify Diable to one of three firms eligible to sell upgraded electronic voting machines to Ohio County's in Tampa 2004 election Blackwell's announcement is still in the symbol because of a court challenge over the fairness of the selection process by disqualified bitter sequoia voting systems Of course we know that Diable got to bid In his invitation letter O'Dell asked to consider donating or raising up to $10,000 each for the federal account that the state's GOP will use to help bush another federal candidates that was decided to democratic leader charge could come back to benefit Blackwell They urged Blackwell to remove that vote from the field of voting machine companies eligible to sell to Ohio counties. This is the second such request as many months state Senator Jeff Jacobs in a date-nary Republican answer Blackwell in July to disqualified Diable after security concerns rose over its equipment. Ordinary Ohio wins me and for it at Blackwell's office is looking past that vote security issues because the CEO is seeking $10,000 donations for Blackwell's party donations that could be made which statewide elected officials in the same room said Democratic state leader Greg D. Denado. Diable spokeswoman Michelle Griggy said O'Dell was unable to come and personally, and cell fund raises his home for many causes including the Columbus Zoo, op-era Columbus, Catholic Social Services and Ohio State University and it kind of cute opera, Thomas Stewart is it down? Ohio GOP spokesman Jason Malk said the party approached O'Dell about hosting the event of the song the historic concert of manner and not the other way around. Now I've said that under federal campaign finance rules, the party cannot use money from its offset. Order of March, we're in the old 80 hoke. Bernie said an email statement that Diable couldn't come in on the political contributions of individual company employees. Blackwell said Diable does not the only company with political connections noting that lobbyists for voting machine makers read like a whos who of Columbus's powerful and politically connected. Let me put it to you this way. If there was one person uniquely involved in the political process that might be too hard to find out what was the political process that was that was the right way to find out what the people who are going to be together. There's no one has used every legitimate avenue in middle of the bridge. They could legally get their product looked at. If there's a political lever to be pulled, all of them have to pull it. Blackwell said he stands by the process used for selecting voting machine vendors as fair throw and imparsal. He heard closing arguments. He heard the person's opinion suit of the night. That was August 28th of 2003. And of course, we do know that Diable got to stick in their machines and they stuck it right up your rectum. You know, how do you like that? So those people that are voting on our poll today that the fixed was in or how we were to do it. How did we were to do it? They stole it. They stole it. They stole it. They stole it. They stole it. They stole it. They pulled it. They stole it. Maru, I would say this and John Terry behest because he's attorneys. Well, be out of file for HOW Excellent court is panelists in l encontrar machines with no way to tell. and I'll say again. I had a friend out married county who went to the polls. Soon to one another. money and外 Security.iner Nothing happened. He� When him had a term. I'm cooking old On the fourth try, voila, carry, of course, maybe the first weekend, it's for Bush 3-1. 12 13 at 5, 16 WQ and it's set time of the year again. It's a strong spot. What for this next time of the year again, though, isn't it? For people to go buy a house? Yeah, that's always good to have. Let me tell you about our friends at guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field, beets with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them. They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is. Recently, these folks have got a list of revars and have had to be able to qualify to buy his own home. Not only were they able to qualify him, but they were also able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get. And they were close to them to determine which was best. And then voila, they made it happen. That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field, beets you can call them right now, toll free. And they'll have to be off. Call 1-800-734-6616, whether you're looking for an interest only loan, a 30-year fixed rate or one of the many low-rated, adjustable mortgages. The guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field, beets has exactly what you need. They offer payments as low as 232 bucks per be 100 grand you borrow. And guaranteed mortgage bankers will not like it you should that mortgage you're looking for, but they'll also send you on a cruise. That is correct. After closing your loan with these folks guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field, beets, you'll be able to choose one of six different seven-ite cruise is what's not to lack compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers. So whether you're looking to buy a new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage, make that call right now toll free, 1-800-734-6616, guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field, beets will be treated like family. And get more information about them on the web at guaranteed mortgage bankers.com or make that easy call right now, there's no obligation called 1-800-734-6616. Hi Ryan, this is Andrea. Oh hi Andrea. Jessica, is it true you don't drink milk because you can't sit your head in the curtain? Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't admit it. Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective? My God, if you were related to a home and an art Simpson? Yes. I don't know what I'm gonna do with it. She's out of control. I love her so I owe you on. Yeah, I can sing advertisements on the internet about a Nick and Jessica Sectate. Is that really you guys? Definitely. Yeah, well we have a clip. Take a look at Nick and Jessica. Nick and Jessica. No, okay. Yeah. Oh, wow. What are you gonna get a copy of that? In the story, you get it now? Yeah. Perfect. And no regrets. And deciding to do this. Oh no, we're so happy. We did it. We are so happy. You could offer us stuff like that. Very gratifying for us, so. That's right. It's the 12-19. There will be a new summer-free. Yeah. Kevin and Boca is more of a first-pricious than we are. Did you notice it when you looked at that Michael Moore website? I think you mentioned it, but then I forgot about it. Oh. So, the picture of George W. Bush and Michael Moore's website doesn't appear to me to be a barbed wire. Well, it's supposed to look like barbed wire, but if you look, it says, it looks to me like it's hundreds of faces. Most likely of the brave men and women of the military of back fighting for the liberation of Iraq. So, Kevin and Boca, you are. Absolutely correct. I just looked at it again. So, it's another piece of brilliance for Michael Moore, and he's taken those little tiny pictures of the faces of those brave men and women who died in Iraq. The nameless people, because of course we don't want to talk about them too much. Except once a while, Dan Radar, who's 72 years old and doddling. But, and that's what it is. And when you look at it from a distance, it looks like a bushes behind barbed wire. It's a good place for us. It never was. There are the pictures. Float on his hands and of course lots of blood on a hands of 59 million Americans who decided to support me in doors this butcher. How those are passes the commission center coming via auto show. Yeah, they're gone. They are gone. Yeah. I just asked, is that I want to promote and have people get all pissed off right over there? It's just, where is the van? Where is the van? You said, I said they're gone. Well, I think he's a breast of what's going on. You don't understand? I'll let you think he's a breast, you're sicker. Carmen, like for his honor, we've said today, it would be behind to be the curtain for those of the horny people out there. I want to take a look. It's okay. It's pretty decent picture. Considering, okay, let's take a few calls. Let's see. What have I got here? I got the morality in it. I just want to make sure, no, I don't have a whole real I do actually. Actually, do. Federal judge orders, Brown and Dave don't destroy the FCT ballots. I already talked about that. I talked about amendment four is going to pass handily because they had a glitch and it was a bitch. And then the FCT both came in and that put it over the top and they found that floating glitch, which was providing enormous numbers of both from me counted on amendments four through eight. And mostly straight in that thing often they found out, oh, this ain't even close. Which it didn't figure to be close, you know? I mean, I understand that we had this huge board again, financial, evangelical Christian, hopefully, is not Bible thumb for crowd turn out to vote. But just stop and think there had to be some people in the rest of the state. We thought, well, ain't going to affect our lives any. And even in Tampa where they got a race track in a dog track, it's even they can't have this lot so we don't see here on Ontario. Every race track, every one of them has got slots. And it would buy in which I go frequently. It's a beautiful casino man with some of the slot machines with a restaurant. It's just a clean, beautiful, wonderful place. A lot of people have it a great time winning some money. They're ashr whatever is the case maybe. But yeah, right. Go to hell. And as a result, the person is for the horse racing or phenomenal is enormous amount of money that comes into the province. And it's going to be the same in Florida. Now we're talking about is the people of Dayton, Brad are being allowed to control their own destiny. Thank God for the first time ever for the first time. The people of Dayton, Brad can find a controller on this, they say, whether we wanted or not as opposed to the rest of the Yahoo, saying, Oh, you can't hand that. They're going to have to go the way that they've been. If it would love for money for their education for their schools, such as I'm sure they are. You can imagine those schools in Tampa, for example. WQA, hello. Right there. That line one boy. It sure cuts off quick. WQA and so does line four now. QA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Love you, man. I just want to say thank you five six a QA and Michelle George everybody out this for us. You know, keep spreading the message and fighting the power and thanks for the tickets too. And I just think of it. Most of the things are the tickets, right? Yeah. And as a veteran myself, I feel very betrayed by my American people, you know, for not, you know, not listening to troops and everything like that. But, you know, life goes on. Yeah, move that. You know, tomorrow. Yes, tomorrow. My friends and family, we're just going to go ahead and get a blue pants blue. I mean, black pants, black shirts, white sneakers and get the purple cool away. All right. Okay. So how do you do? Yeah, that's right. It's a cult. Baby, it's a cult of America has become this big jug in a cult and all these people are goose stepping along. Oh, the Lord, how do you run the road, Armageddon? I sure hope that a lot of you Jews and both of us, depending on your full, all-for-all, kosher real happy. Okay. And I know confused them with the facts because that's what that's the plan of the born again for the Jews. Go to hell. You're going to need to convert your over there in a holy land. And then if you don't get it, except you offer, they make you they, you don't supposed to refuse. If you do refuse, you're going to burn in hell. And then Jesus will come back and take everybody to heaven. And we're going to like, I'll go bowling and just have a hell of a good time. We can all wear white socks like you do in Buffalo. Ooh, eat some Polish kibasa. What's not to like? I'll have a red face like him, Russert. I think I might still have some microchristian teachers. There you go. Man, oh man. I got news for a baby. Those of you who are even minor students of history islam is they're little league. You're not even in the same league with Christianity when it comes to killing people. They're not even in the same ballpark. They are close. They've been on the defensive mostly. At the end of the closely, they've been kept under the thumb of the golem and the Jews. But now, but throughout history, man, the number of the millions of people who were made and offered they couldn't refuse. And of course, if they did, but I'm being, man, that was the end of them. So that's always a compelling argument to convert, you know? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Well, either get a word or I should have the love of the Lord. WCWA in hell. Speaking. Hi. I'm a couple of things that I wanted to connect. I just heard that out that guy. Yeah, sorry. About that hospital. The first hospital is the dera de 9 that he's dead, but they're really newspaper reports that said he is dead. Yeah, I bet that's a, I'm also, where we have a things that should be dispatched to the Jews. The reason that Chris got a half-dip, they invited him in the Jews. He matched with people on a jet-scape marriage. And that's what I want to much more away from all the Arabic people. Well, I'm going to get an lecture. I was, I think, covers that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, probably. I'll tell you. 26 past noon. On the, there's no question they did a masterful job again. They got it on a ballot in 11 states, including Ohio. And I'll tell you, even with die bold and all the other faces. I, I still believe that if they wouldn't have been on a ballot there, right. Harry probably could have pulled it out. And they just stayed too. But, didn't happen. You know, you kept, you kept listening to all these projections about well. You know, when a host come in from a Kyahoga County, more to Cleveland, both are counted. And they kept showing on a map. And there was Bill Humber who's a real self-hating, you know, what, what. And they kept waiting for that number to reduce from 120 to about 80,000 down. You know, a few thousand. And then like, I would have been a couple of thousand. And then we could have had like some drama, you know. And we could have been chance to pull it out. But instead, every time they showed the vote, sort of let's get the lead, keep going up. There must be a lever that the, that old Del guy has, you know. I wonder if he's looking to Eddo Del or Diggaro Del. I guarantee Eddo Del didn't vote for Bush ugly or T of that. I want to speak for Ed, but I guarantee you. You know what I'm saying? Nope. You know, Eddo Del is. Nope. Twenty six past noon. I see on channel something down there. What are you talking about? You know, Eddo Del. You know, I guess about like a Sadah, but he's the best we can do. Hey, if you have guests coming for the holidays, maybe you're wondering what to do with that dirty old carpeting in your home. Well, now is the time you get rid of that carpet replace it with a lemon or a hardwood flooring from lemon and designs. Is it lemon and design showroom? There are at 80 to 80 state road 84 and baby and two is from over 300 samples on display. Lemon and designs can have your beautiful new floor professionally installed in just about a week. All one eight seven seven eight lemon it to set up a free no obligation in a homestimate. Lemon and designs carry all the well known lines of clothing will snark quips step in per go. If you call the day instead of an appointment for your free estimate, tell me one thing that's cute and this company an additional 10% off. They're already low installation price. Lemon and designs is located in David just up high 595 between Pine Island row and university drive. And the showroom is open daily Monday through Saturday from 9 an an until 430 an a pm and even on Sunday from 10 to 2. Call 1 877 8 Lamonet. That's 1 877 8 Lamonet, LAMI N-8E for Lemon and Designs. The flooring company where service comes first. On par 6 and 8 and... Shabahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah We still care about the ton and none of us think it's bad And all the great news I am just getting you can take your credit Just like this was said from the end of the snow No reason was no, I was hurt by the regulations for food That if anyone's a beauty there with a land that's more than it can do You're split from one of the empty fuzzies We're smashing the fields time to catch him But nothing, what feels right to this? 19th and 19th and 19th probably 19 beginning when Will 19th April And no, no via and we're thinking baby there's some free Still we still haven't some teachers but also there wasira And we had so sometimes we often left And she was Greeks forgotten I wonder if she survived that 19th, 19th, 1995 It's 132 at 5.60W to come to Mad Doggy at 2. I'm trying to guess what the area is. Kind of a story that I want to pass along. You're not going to read more stories now. The election is over. Let's get back to the funnig games in Fartsown. What we can't play any Fartsown. Five-dying saluki era strikes. You see the blood by those about the beginning again for real. The elections over and they're back in. They didn't want to do this. They didn't want to go in there before they left. Because it would mean too many more dead Americans. But now they're willing to make more human sacrifice. US Warplanes bombarded the Iraqi city of Falugia over nine killing five people who was reported a day. Probably some pain in the innocent bystanders. The southern city was targeted by two airwaves on northeastern southern areas. With US military said they were fighting verricades. Where to said the strike time for Luzur with a heaviest reserval peace and peace speculation that the long anticipated attack on the city by US Marines was going nearer. Meanwhile, British black watch troops were prepared preparing to begin active patrols close to the city, which is around 30 miles. Not good man. West to Baghdad, blocking off exit routes and helping to free up US forces for an attack. So get ready, strike yourself in. You ain't seen nothing yet. Right. Let's see. This is a bit of a close to what I just printed out from the old smirking team. Go for get to look at Michael Moore dot com and take a look at that picture. In fact, we want to put that picture on our website. Okay. So we arranged to do that. Right. Let's get with it. Richard Holhardt, right? Who's a journalist in England for more than 20 years? He writes, it's now official. We are no longer a reality-based country. And he's already American voters. Apparently one decades of perpetual global war. You want to see their sons and daughters sacrifice on the altar of the Neo-conservative Dream of American Empire in the Middle East. They want more giveaways to corporations and tax cuts for the rich. They want to see social security privatized and see the retirement funds Gamble away in the stock market. They want our air and water polluted in our natural resources plundered. They want to see more sub-pin court justice like Anthony Scully and Terence Thomas. And a federal judiciary that will likely turn the legal clock back to the gilded age. In short, a majority of American voters must really want to nation be a corrupt one party Theocracy, run by a president who thinks he's on a mission from God, has total distained for democracy, the rule of law and truth itself. I found it hard to believe this could really happen again, but it did. A majority of Americans voted to affirm a policy of lies and deception. Truth and logic, no matter. Common sense didn't matter. A majority of Americans wanted to believe the George W. Bush will keep us safe and prosperous, despite abundant evidence of the contrary. So now what? Finger putty and blame are to affect his strategies although it's a steal go to engage in it for a little while. It's easy to say the majority of Americans are cool as morons and voted to have someone like them to be their president. It's equally easy to say the Democratic Party needs to pull its head out of its collective but and get rid of the blockheads who run the party into the ground. However, the primal screaming has to stop sometime in a hard work of building an effect about position must begin to stop the worst types of Republican party platform from becoming reality. It's telling that the real energy in the Democratic Party didn't come from the party, but from groups like move on and the rest of the independent leftist center organizations that topped up in last couple of years. They raised the money and mobilized support in the vacuum left by a party that's become as beholden to big money as a GOP. I still believe that biggest mistake that Democrats made was not having the courage to launch an anti-war campaign, Howard Dean energized their bills by having the guts to take on Bush and he's illegal in moral war in Iraq when everyone else was cowering. His organization provided a new model for the Democrats to follow, but to party leadership decided they could do better with John Kerry, someone who voted for the war never gave full of convincing reasons to liberals, and so why we should vote for him other than that he wasn't Bush. They can't blame Ralph Nader this time, and the Democrats paid dearly for destroying Dean and ignoring his supporters. I've written as many times over the past few years, but it needs to be said over and over again, the Democrats need to offer clear and principal alternative to conservatism, they need to shift the political discussion away from God, Gaze and Guns, toward healthcare, education, the environment, and economy that benefits all people and not just the rich. I still believe in the old time Democratic religion is articulated by Franklin D. Roosevelt that the Democrats must be a party of liberal thought or fine action of enlightened international outlook and of the greatest good of the greatest number of our citizens. But once again, the chickens voted for Colonel Sanders. At the end of last year, in the midst of the most polarized political climates in Civil War I wrote that in the time when it seems as if all the worst instincts of humanity are triumphant hope is a radical ideal. We have to believe that our nation in the world can become a better place we have no choice but to embrace the hope that tomorrow will be better than today. I may be in despair right now and I want to hop in my car and drive to Montreal, but know that we isn't going to be an option. We knew that when November 3rd came around hard work was waiting for us, now the job is going to be even harder. The prospect of four more years of Bush's horrifying, but we can't give in now. I'm ready to fight to take back my country. Are you? Richard T. Hull, a pretty big citizen got his thumb right on it right there. And when you know it's every one of these articles and even the article about Carl Roe is going to be a great idea right now. They got exactly what they were looking for. They actually didn't want. And you could bet your life on it that they and their good buddies in the media, their willing, broken spirators in the media with that dean tape, but that scream on it. Which we then find out, it was a directional mic and actually it was all this crowd noise that he was trying to drown out which was forcing him to scream because the crowd was so enthusiastic and screaming like crazy. And just like I'm sitting here right now talking into a directional mic if there was all kinds of chaos going on. You wouldn't hear it. You wouldn't hear it. And so when ABC was about 10 days after all of that, he was taking it in times ABC finally shows the tape where you hear the real sound of all this going on. And he realized he was trying to out-screen over this hysterical enthusiastic crowd. That's all. That's all he was doing. At the course they make a scene like a mad man. Boom, like that. So he's a rational, he's a business hysterical. He's a crazy person. That's what's going on. Yeah, and also a home of an Arizona. And more than Dakota, than New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas in New York. We're going to South Dakota in Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and DC to take the one house. Yeah. But they didn't want Howard Dean because he wasn't a walk-in insider. He was an outsider who was the first one to mobilize the internet. Him and Joe Trippie, he'd been a phenomenal job. And he got those billions of young people out. See, it wasn't John Kerry that mobilized these young people out loud. Right, I'm voting. Right. That was Howard Dean who had a great start on Niger and T.A. He would have gotten the nomination when all those primaries. By the time he got to the election on Tuesday, he'd have had 80s in times the number of young people mobilized and motivated. But instead, they chose an old party hack. And that's what we got. That's. Yeah, nice shot, nice try. See, coming close only counts in quotes and horseshoes. It doesn't count in elections. So you got a long list. George McGovern who I loved early, but nevertheless George McGovern. Water-Mondale. Michael Duke Caucus. Paul Paul. Paul Paul. Paul song is never made. I'm talking about people that actually ran the cup of nomination. And John Kerry. And it's, it's sad. But then we're going to continue doing that. We're going to continue losing. And you're going to continue losing your country. Do a bunch of flat earth lunatics crazy people. Came married. I mean, the idea that that was an issue. So you now understand why they brought it up in a first place. And you also should understand that this wasn't the time to be doing it. That whole thing is a red-haerry man. It's who now gives a flying crap about gamers. Why could they wait another year? Okay, on that. Another year or two. Who cares? Okay? Just keep living together and sitting and having a good time and screwing your brains out and leave everybody alone for a while. And then we can work on that. When we get somebody to the left of it, it's a little hung in there. But no. And isn't it ironic that the whole thing started big time in Massachusetts? See, it's kind of a monkey-seem monkey-do thing, you know? Just because we here in Canada are a lot more enlightened than the United States and the Gamers thing got, not just got started here, but like went a while. Wow, we can do it here too. I guess what you can. Just like Clinton started with that thing about Gaze and the military. Remember that was good. You made the promise and you wanted to keep this promise. But that blew up in his face a big time. Yeah. And then of course, two years later, what happened when he got lost in aim of Congress. But nevertheless, how is that pull coming? See, I'm getting all the whip-up now. I'm not taking anywhere near enough calls. I'm having good said and low key-do. Monkey-do. That's what I just got said. Monkey-seem monkey-do. But if I speak in a monkey-do, I just had him on there. Others, more monkey-do. Yeah, hear my current junior. Well, close-clear. You're a jackass wolf, you're an idiot. You're not pulling us with that beard. I'm telling you, now that Bush got in again, he's done that thing dark-plank. I'm dying out of the hair. You're not the hair. You're a T&N. They certainly not knew it was not seen that work. Fox light. Which of these is most accurate? Bush won the election because how many votes we got? 731. A fear and stupidity 248. A board again, not jobs. 187. Because he was a better choice than curious. 76, 10, 23, and for a set of you really believe that. Oh, heaven help us. They stole it. 72. The Democrats are in net 69. Because of Carl Roe, 53. Because of an AMOLED in 22. And because he had more money behind him, only four. 24. 249. 1249. 115. 16WQ AM. I've said it one thing this almost the four hour show today is like a workout. KCTL and late, which I would anticipate most of you did, how are bailout at 11 past 10 a day? Inexplicably, I think the stress of the election got tame and robbing everybody. And even a Aussie. Now here's the deal. I want to read this again because there are people who were listening before. This is at least something to a salivate over. This is the Harold Take-On. This is their spin. Thousands of new votes on some constitutional amendment questions were discovered early today. Potentially forcing a recount of a question of a soft load of hold on slot machines. And after the ballot counting, wound down after midnight and browse electronics warehouse, scrutinizing the clothes vote on a minute or four noticed that vote total changed in an unexpected way after 13,000 final ballots were counted. Election officials quickly determined the problem was caused by the unity software that pulls together votes from five machines, tabulating absentee ballots. Because no precinct has more than 32,000 voters, the software caps the total votes of that number from their epigence to count backward. Really? You'll add this to that again? Because no precinct has more than 32,000 voters. The software caps the total votes of that number from their epigence to count backward. A turning round vote, a who represents the post-law screw plurins for level playing fuel, say believes the new browser votes along with about 21,000 discounted absentees from Palm Beach County. We'll give a amendment for our yes margin, but 86,000 votes final date numbers not yet available. It's going to go away over the top. The only effects the count of absentee votes on countywide questions in this election it only affected one page of the ballot including amendment questions for through eight. I'm sure it was just a coincidence, but the accident, right? You imagine the suitcases and bags full of money that must have been floating around on that deal. By the, oh no, it's evil in its gambling crowd. Most of whom are in the gambling business themselves, by the way. It says that this was discovered two years ago and it had been corrected by software manufacturer, ES and S of Amman of Ranska, according to Breurg County Mayor, Eileen Lieberman, who said, oh, he said, I was so angry last night. He spoke to representatives from ES and S early this morning and later was having a spirited telephone conversation with Secretary of State, Glenn De Inahood, a spirited conversation, keeping in mind, of course, that your fat ass governor Jeff Bush was against amendment for very strongly. Because it's immoral. Yeah, that's a sin. Of course, you know, the smuggling stuff into the country like his wife, Anison, and having a co-critic daughter and rehab all the time is missing. ES and Fixen, the election, and four years ago in Florida, wasn't a sin. Yes, and S of S, and it's been trying to fix the software program, problems that's the first given their attention in Breurg in 2002. But it isn't able to get certification for the change from the state, and attorney for the Secretary of State is often disputed. That's, and they say, the fixing this problem is not something we need certification by the state. So there we go. That's the good news. And that in the course goes fast, pretty handling comfortably. And then you'll have to refer to him in Dayton Breurg in March. It'll pass over Wallen, we there. And then, life will go on. There's a lot of money for education, all over the state. And people can go have a good time, and it persists at the tracks. We'll go way up, and it he'll have lots of talk about, and that's it. And a hand contimes, you can go out to the track again. Right? We'll all be happy. And then we'll all be happy. And I can go back to Pompeo Park and Plains on the Slotswala, David Graham is looking for the finish line with a compass in a road map. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a Verizon and Sigular wireless lines. WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, sir, I am. This is us. Sorry? Yes, that's us. Okay, can I talk to you? Speaking. I'm sorry? Speaking, speaking, you got him, we didn't screenless man, I picked up cold. Great. Go ahead, speak to me. Well, I want to talk about the election. You're talking, this is Neil Neil, and the OK, any, e.l. this is me. All right, well, let's talk about the sort of the P.A. The moreality you're doing, how the election works, the more part of my mind, my heart. I don't understand some evangelical Christian or any Christian or any Catholic or anybody that leaves in the right to life is going to city that's, you know, our lives are more important than some of those are. I've got abortion is, is that, but yet in the future, for a live, it's OK, or that's. How about all the, how about all the dead American soldiers and all the dead Iraqi, so is that more? Yeah, exactly right. What about all the dead Iraqi? What about all the dead Iraqi? What about all the dead people around the world that's caught by this administration? Yeah, I would say that you're anti-abortion in your pro-life and how can you possibly a person who's learning to go to war and when you see at least their consistent because the feeders' huggers have consistently had one position in that is that once you're out of the rule, they don't give a crap about you. OK, it's only the unborn fetus, the nibulous life that they're so obsessed with, that's what they care about. Once you're out of the rule, you're on your own. Well, that's true. And it's a fact thing that the fact that people are really think that we're better than everyone else in the rest of the world, every life that's precious, every life has the right to live. And here we are, back in the present, that's no sense of that at all. Well, I decided to write a lot of the examples. The problem with a lot of America is that these people have never been anywhere, only 10% of American people have passed towards. So they've never been out of the country. They have no concept of what the rest of the world is like. And keep in mind when Bush made that saved the Indian speech back in 2002 that business about, well, you know, you're either with us or against us. He put it against the whole world. You know, he's going to join in with our barbara causalson on whoever we choose or you're against us. So everybody, we're in the meaner. Here exactly right. No one way that, just as any other fact that there might be another stolen election and all that other nonsense. Yeah, probably true that there's been a lot of, about a discount in post. You know, you got to remember that there's still 59 million people or there are about the vote for both. That is scary. That's right. That is so people that believe in God and believe in Jesus and what He says is still willing to vote for us. But the clown is willing to go to war and my only other comment is go. All right. Have you ever lost the Indian yet? Is there any hockey coming out on a one? No chance, man. If you have any, have you probably not heard much down there, but the articles are just ripping out that really good matter. There's no chance. Perfect season. Maybe no losses. Good luck. Matt Sunday is God. All I prefer Alexander McGillie myself is the best. And also is on that show. Do it. Paul Beeskin and Pat Marston. And Jack Donner here was on his way. There's only a few seconds. Just for your people really hungry for hockey. In fact, there's the race from woodbine. First race going off right now. Ready for that? From woodbine? They have those slot machines. Those evil one are bandits. Yeah, let's start putting some really odd stuff on once in a while. You're just to keep these people under toes. I don't hear any audio view. No. On that's because the horses are still. See that's one of those things with Thorburg. We're assuming that I just, I don't have the patience for that. When you have me, I know horses are extremely stupid. But would you think that after they've run a whole bunch of races that when they get to the air or out the public? There's Dan Wozell. There are. There are. Come on, Dan. There are. Open it. There are. Ha ha ha. He may not be good, but he's in a consistent. Boy, he's bad. Anyway, top 57 and 2 AMs. You're listening to a new Roger. You're listening to a new Roger. On 566. A QAM. We got a stop for that. When I'm up in Belka, Tiga, Slap and all the women would think that lets her in the pole. I listen to the new Rogers one or two of us. Yeah, I mean, I listen to the new Rogers. I'm here and balance one or two hours. What the hell of a fool of us? Oh, oh, baby, are you ready to do it? I'm sorry honey. I can't. What's the matter? I just can't go out. Oh, sound familiar. If you suffer from a collectile dysfunction, it's time to try the Votra. So you can experience longer, more intense emotions. Sometimes I need a long hard look at the issues. And I used to have trouble getting up to vote. But with the Votra, he's able to maintain his election as long as he's worth. With Votra, you can cast your ballot all my fault. Frankly, we've never experienced an election as hard as this one. Isn't that right, honey? Hmm, talk about voters that as faction. If you feel you can't even trust your own pole, ask your doctor about Votra. The election's last two longer than the one in 2000. Their game tracer should be reported immediately to the US Supreme Court. So what more can happen to the John Edwards wife is that breast cancer? A grown my God. A gravely old yes, your arrow fat is in a coma. Doctors at the hospital feeding them, demagreporty a died. Luxembourg's prime minister told reporters to do some of the Brussels that Errorfart had died. But later we tried to be saying through spokesman Lucien Michele that it was in misunderstanding. An official hospital where Errorfart was rushed Friday, said he was still alive. He said we hit him with five shots. He's still alive. That's a great scene. What are all great scenes in the Godfather? That's so slow. He was great, yeah? I mean he was no low green, but it was pretty man good. You know who I am? I'm low green. Oh, I made my phone when you were going out with cheerleader. Nice flash is mo. Do you know what I mean? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. One or two, on fact, where did I see a restaurant called Moes? At the airport somewhere. Is it a month here on the restaurant called Moes? I do believe so. Let me say it again. If you're looking for a place to go to Montreal and bed, except for all the frogs and the French. What is it, Errorfart? And CNN's photo, the swinging is watching all of the coming to end going. And then we can't see you to one of those eggs. Okay, we can't talk about coming to Oregon. No more. Joyce gets really upset. Five six seven. Let's take a few calls this. Our cabin ramblanon. But I think we've had a good balance today. Although Bill balance is still dead. Five six seven. Five sixy pound five sixty. And he Verizon and singular. Wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. I'm going to be. Oh, right. James Hitler. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I'm all going back here at her piece. Okay, go back and play your most grand. Good idea. WQAM. Hello. I don't want to hear it. Okay. Listen, I just got back and sound. I'm sure you've been talking about the last couple weeks. So that's the story with Bill the Long Show. What is it? The story has got to come out. I'm sure you've been talking about it. Yeah. I'll also have a new one now. Yeah, I know. You know, my question is really it's obviously a serious question. If you think about it with the people that had go through WSPN with the Sally Fits and Simmons Stover and Rick Sandford, the now Bill come on with this problem. I'm just wondering if the general message of the dolphins is the same as the one at WSPN. It's the same thing. Ha ha ha ha. I might be. Have a good one. Okay. I might be comparing notes. I like the sound on that. Sounded like a like a sound like the Bonsho. And what about that little twerp man? To do it. Be more specific. No, little twerp from the Don, the Bonsho. Chuck Burris Chuck Burris Chuck and Burris. Just a secret agent man. I saw that again. Well, a lot of most people think he made that story up about being a sea agent and killing all those people. But it just, yeah, that's kind of a good deal. You know, good scan. Just make up some story that nobody could possibly trace. Although I think Bob Novak is going to out of mind cross guard. Cross guard. If there's anybody I'd like to break their legs. Man, it's Bob Novak. We'd like to hit him in a hit with a baseball bat just a few times. Let's see. I would love for you to be my guest in the dining room. I'm not sure. Wow. And now he's even given me tips my friend. He and it took a bit by this is what I need. Because I didn't win the 649 lot. Oh, Ian. So I need some tips. Okay. Look at that. Stick. That sounds very good. Huh? Stick tips. I don't want to know dinners man. I got to lose some weight. Pouring up together. A little bit of a little porky there. Of course, all the stress of this relax. I don't know anything. And just missing winning that lot. Oh, that 50. How much was it? 15 million last week by one one digit. That's cool. That's really cool. So I like ballooned up to 196. I think. There was a story on it. That's 192 right now. The one more. What? A story on NPR about how stress causes you to gain weight. They had to scientific lady on their explaining. That's a good excuse. It could have been all that ice cream. I was even in. I'm sure that it's your flight or flight response. What do you have on this? Yep. And so your body. You know, when I started we'd get in stress. And it just drove me right to the verge of insanity. Was that morning? You were a witness. You were. I wouldn't assume it. When I came back after that week vacation. I was in a great mood. I just went a few buses. I would buy on whatever. I had a great time. And I come in at 8.20 on a Monday morning. I sit my. I come in this room. Anyway, sit my fat ass down in this chair. And no sooner had my left cheek. Finally settled on the chair than there's your buddy. The muff myster. The perver of ballooned doom. Oh, well, Greg. Isn't Greg. I'm just normal about this. And Greg. Yeah, another one of these nervous breakdowns. So that was it. That was the end. And you know, something since that day, although I did go through tremendous trauma from that experience, I'm so glad that that happened because for a multitude of reasons. Me and these have been that I'm not participating. I'm not communicating. I'm not. I'm not getting involved anymore. The neurotic nervous breakdown emotional cripple syndrome that exist. They're a QA with Greg and. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're a lot of people who are not going to be involved. They're first thing in the morning. He hates me with something that I didn't know about. I had nothing to do with me. That was much to do about nothing as usual. If you're an emotional crippled mismumpet, then that's your problem. God, give a life. Where do you place? I have no line. We know that. WQAM. I don't mind. I don't mind. I don't mind. I want to speak to Michael, but I don't mind. I don't mind. If he was the best in the series. It was kind of rather than a driven and blood. He's kind of unusual to have blood. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6. I thought that people were rising and singular. I love it. Can you remember? I'm sure you can. The look on a claspy space when he gets the bullet in the head. He's like, grab all the neck. His eyes are grabbing it. That look is so beautiful. What about his name? The great artist. There he goes. There he goes. And I'm like, good or what? Steering him. I can't remember Chuck and Baris. But when he gets to be a little bit of a people, I will be tomorrow. If you realize that tomorrow, I enter my golden years. Because there are certain things that when you're 62, then you're seeing his citizen. Oh, yeah. Like this counts, things like that. In fact, I have gone into like, I think it rests all here. There's, they have a deal where you're, if you're 62 or over, you're like a discount. Really? Yeah. I was like offended by that. Like, do I look 62? Shame on you. You know, we got to don't look 62. I would maybe have 61 and a half. But so now I'm going to say, you bet. I'll show you my ID, my shoe size, whatever you want to see. Because why not? Right? Well, I know. Spacable, this damn expensive Canadian dollar now up to like 82 cent thanks to the bush My city, American dollars in the crapper. And especially with all this GST and PST and EDT and DDT, I can't handle it. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Hey, how are you? Great. Listen, I was thinking when you started there, but you get the wrong hat. You were reasonably actually got excited about voting because of a suicide, what kind of thing might be an hour? Yeah. You're an hour. Yeah. How are you? My number is named one. You know what? It's, oh, mine is. Yeah, you got the excited about politics. You know, I thought you was a little bit off, but you know what they're five. Right. You know, I was one of those old hack insiders who just sucked along and I had the ball to tell it like it was. He came on TV, they had Tom Ridge made that fully balloony terror announcement and then he He exposed it for what it was, it was strictly politics. And then of course, they had to put on Joe Leighberman on there. All while I know about Tom Ridge well, he wouldn't do that. Yeah, all these other NANDY PAMBY, a whist is that roll over and played good in the Democratic Party. And DDT was the one guy that had the big pair. And of course, a little Dennis Cassinu should be too short to be taking seriously. Like, I mean, a good dad-off dude, he was a state of Royal County. Everyone voted for for a full crap, but you look at it. Think about it. There was a Florida, all of a sense of Florida, and he's a body of a forest. You know, all of the, if you were a 70, 80 years old. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. He's a redneck, man, redneck. Marvel's company. Yeah, but because this isn't my right way of warning. Let's make it work. People pass over to 70 can't vote. Because most of them are dead by four in terms of running out. So we're trying to do it. Especially the old Cubans, baby. But that's the old Jews vote because they usually vote right. But the old Cubans know, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What do you say? What do you think? Oh, great. But no more old Cubans voting. Okay. In fact, I heard Castro fell down again as well. I'm hearing. I have great colleagues to know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm, fine. I just decided something here during this last outpouring when that's the commentary about that morning. Yeah. I'm just going to keep working until I croak. Hopefully, I'm better shaped than he's in. Because why don't I lie? You know, baby, baby, baby, baby. I like having that money coming in. And it actually goes show up once in a while, although the grief that you have to see with this company, it's not worth finding them too much longer because the way they make you go through such grief to get paid. That's not worth it. It should come in like on a regular basis. Should have to worry about things like that. There's an off-log unit of things to life that you're worried about. As opposed to like, what's it going to pay or not? And did this one deal? There's it. They want everybody to think of this company as like a real serious subroadcasting company to run a stocky thing. It's strictly like a mom and a pop grocery store. Like a convenient store. You know that. It can be a store. And in convenience stores. Is this a mom and pop operation with a bunch of those pictures? From a to a lot of five, 60, WQ and they got the mad dog. It's too. It's getting all pumped up for a big. Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? Are you serious? It might be Isn't it so terrible? Does this mean one doesn't get money. Stop! It's rad Valmen. That they took money, They stole money, they pay money. They paid a load. There is no $15,000 and then they did this. I mean now we just took money and they gave money, they did this ration begging us. But they did that thing. What were you thinking? You'd have yourself out of your country? Well no. It's just making electricity. It just makes you sad. You mean in my U.S. Why aren't you going to work on it? is already working. What? You can't be saying that to be working on this station. Hey, Junior. At the money, Junior. Yeah, right. So, I could be Arizona was one of those teams that I had here at Mark. I want to just like to read the election. You know, they picked certain counties and locales where they got a chance to win. Arizona was one of those that they marked off in pencil, very light. But here's a chance we got to win this game. But right now, I wouldn't count it. Especially after that game, I'll do night before that. Well, is that was just? It would, there are no words to describe it. Probably, it's after one. I think I just said that minute ago, and it's still only 12 after one. God, this thing slows down. You know, it is that time of the year again, the snowboards and relatives come down from the north of the winter. And this winter, why not give us something special for a great night's sleep out of New Baptist? From battlemakers. They carried the complete line of betting from Seely. Surt, a Simmons, King Quill, tempered, and steering's, and bananas foster. Call 1-800-Makphus right now. Save you up to an additional 20% off. They're already super low factory-grade prices on select models. Call 1-800-Makphus right now. Choose the day in time for your delivery. With an any two hour window that you pick seven days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m. In other words, they shrug up on us convenient for you, and they really be sure about. All the smart folks that I know include yours truly. We count on telematra, so we can't leave all betting is worn out. And believe you me, so many reasons to do it. Low prices. Same day delivery. Free setup and roll-hill is unbeatable. So it's easy to see why telematra is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. Telematra is even received. They first teach us better business bureau. It's towards the back sun's award. Give McCall. 1-800-Makphus or check them out online at mattress.com. For the great night states that you're looking for for tonight and years to come, just make that one simple call 1-800-M-A-T. If I'm not a cool here, there's a number one right in the middle. How would it be in this island? If you need to put in my ears for Asians. Oh, no! Hey, wait for me. I don't even know how you have children. They're above the low. I want your tape and tape, either. Oh, J.P. Is it ranked quarter by kid or good tune? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Well, not the monkey. He's got extraordinarily smooth detox. Oh yeah! He's going to be given what you say here. Oh, good job. Thank you, Ma'am. No, wait a minute. No, go. I have nothing else to say. How about this? I'll go in and out there in the mirror, Ma'am. I'm the right guy in the street, Samuel. Oh yeah. I have to go. Oh, wait. No, no. I have to go. I tell you what. I'll hold you open up right now, Dad. I'll give you one of my old tentations. Tell Dad. No way! That was the only colour we had. The thing you guys know is growing again. They're growing more and more. They're growing more and more. They're growing more and more. They're growing more and more. They're growing more and more. Wow! That thing, we will pay. And you know, they're buying your bags. And around those old things and models, you want to buy. I want to buy. And you know, they're getting better. They're getting better. I'll roll past them. You're so lovely. You're so lovely. You're so lovely, Dad. Wait till I die, Dad. I die. I know, close. When some things come, almost every day, I think. And my veins start to tickle. I had to know, even the boy to go and show me. Yeah, I broke my top all on a bank. And we're going to have a pretty old bank. And we end up with bad spirits. With good old days. And we're going to have a pretty old bank. And we're going to have a pretty old bank. And we're going to have a pretty old bank. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. But I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. I'm sick. One might seem to five six. You've got to be a few. I'm morality became a player in the campaign. I love this. From your least favorite website, Cabo de Hill blue. The audience likes it. And I like it a lot. Friends and boys. Now, do we are? Thanks for the happy birthday, Wishes Eric. You put that with the balloons on my, oh, second. How can you put the number on there? That's good. President Bush built his election went on a coalition of older white churchgoers. And a race where voters were more likely to decide morality is their top concern. Rather than the war on terror, English, they should have the vote showed yesterday. morality. Just like that Colors said a few minutes ago, killing innocent people, sitting our American troops off to be slaughtered without the, the, the equipment they need to protect them, having no plan to win the war again, putting them in the tarms away. Not putting enough troops over there like he was told by his generals in the first place, so that again, putting them even more in harm's way, plus killing all his innocent men with an inlittle children who are painting the s-bystanders. That's morality. Of course, that it's typical throughout history that the people who are in the country are more religious, they are the more they believe in killing you in the enemy. Of course, these people supposedly weren't the enemy, but no confusing, they just pay the name of the escalator or damn they shouldn't have attacked us. Poles Jews had focused on terror, resimber, and economy issues, and throughout up to two days of election. And those were of course big factors in Bush's two-minute and board margin. In other words, the post-fruits in realized we had so many far-biscite claim in the country. But that's what it says here. But moral values was the single copies who sided by voters and social and religious issues such as game marriage, gun ownership, and abortion loon blarge. Court exit polls by TV Networks posted on website Wednesday. Bush voters said they've had it as clearly leadership and religious faith. While Keri scored much higher with those who placed the premium on intelligence, compassionate and being an agent of change. All my God, listen to that. Please read that paragraph again. Bush voters said they valued his clarity. Leadership and religious faith, Abogar, Red, while Keri scored much higher with those who placed a premium on intelligence, compassionate and being an agent of change. In other words, so the dumb 59 minute they voted for Bush and the people who are abled in IQ larger than their thumb, and they voted for Keri to 54 minute. Whatever was. Bush's aimalization of the exit data showed that, or CNN's aimalization showed that morality was set as the number one concert by 22% of voters, four-fifths of who voted for Bush. 80%. The second top issue was the economy in jobs and Keri captured 80% of those. Terrorism was the third top issue at 19% in Iraq was fourth and 15% and 73% of those voters went for Keri. So, in other words, on the issues that made a difference, Keri won on bubble mice's infuriate and the God squad who is my religion is better than your religion. 80% of those went to Bush and he got all of those Bible-fifths of them. He got the God squad out there, marching in Goose step and made me line up and arraying for miles. Other domestic issues health care, passes, education were all under 10% with Democrats carrying more about health and schools and Republicans about taxes. Other than that, we're saying very similar inalization of the exit pool on their websites on Wednesday. Despite all the way to near this quote, way to near West from man, you're going to barfeby, lunch yet? Yeah, or get the bag out. Despite the conventional political wisdom that moral concerns are a drag on a political ticket, it was values that energized voters, James Kennedy, President of the Barbison Florida-based Coral Regimentary Senate statement, Kennedy said, Kristen Conservatives had voted on our specter of large numbers and delivered a moral mandate. So, that's why, Dr. James Kennedy, that virulent anti-Semite. All the 11 states with anti-Gay Mergers initiatives on a ballot bush carried nine. Three of those states had either open a very competitive center races and Republicans captured all three, Georgia, Oklahoma, and Kentucky. They don't like them, pay a good stare. Florida's who opposed getting Merge overwhelmingly backed bush while a minority of Americans who backed full marriage rights for gay couples, backed carry. For the growing slice of voters 35% of voice support for civil unions for gay couples, it was a narrow or 52 to 47% for bush. For victims of the election, people who oppose abortion rights tended to vote for bush as did those with guns in their homes. The NRA had campaigned hard for program candidates as expected, people who live in these cities went for carry and those in small communities in rural areas for bush farmers, locals, red nags. Murray people would shove them in for bush but working mons like carry. Union members would enter credit, veterans supported bush despite the question about his, they supported a wall bush. Despite the question about bush's national guard duty and the still bitter debate over carry service and Vietnam, people who thought the economy was basically in good shape voted for bush as did affluent voters who loved those tax cuts for the rich, people who thought Iraq was a mess one for carry. First time voters in those 18 to 29 backed carry is to those who made up their minds in last few days and keeping with conventional wisdom that unsighted is usually great for the challenges. Vultures over 60 tended to go for bush, although it may not have gotten as much mileage out of Medicare reform as he had hoped. Here comes the meat, okay, you want to get to the meat? Religion was a bell weather. Weekly churchgoers voted for bush by close to 2 to 1 margin and Protestants Glyum who were then church regular voted for bush by 70 to 29 margin, MSNBC found that 78% of white evangelical born again, Christians voted for bush and those that described themselves as white religious conservatives gave him all my God. 96% of their votes. MSNBC found that 78% of white evangelical born again, Christians voted for bush and those who described themselves as white religious conservatives gave him 96% of the votes. Jesus effing Christ. Only four Christ, only four deaths of one, only 14% of the population going to see in this crowd themselves as never going to church and they voted over by the river curie. Thank God for them. Occasionally churchgoers 40% of voters gave curie a 6.0 lead. Jews stayed in the Democratic column, but early signs were that bush did pick up a few points from that traditionally more liberal constituency. 3 to 4% of voters identified themselves as gay lesbian or bisexual. About 3 quarters of them voted for curie the full. 25% of their votes voted for bush. Then log cabin, self-haten, Mary Cheney, Fony Beloni, Cours Bureg Rinken, all dry. 1-3rd of the union people voted for bush. Drive on. I thought there was only one misdred. You were listening to new, Russian, it was a place on my feet. One moment please. I'm waiting. 2-3rd of the union people voted for bush. What's going on here? Do you have any questions? For you, drive back and. Are you ready for some football? Then tune in to ESPNG. You need just the whole right after just the open to us. Oh yeah. ESPNG. I can't get rid of the cowboys. Bears, biking, backwards. You'll get them all. On ESPNG. You're going to fire windows, got it right here. Feel the sweats. Of course you're for your court. No. But passion. You did a vote in backward. You brought it up back. This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL. On ESPNG. And then everyone's going to slap it around down there. What if you've voted? You know you get so much to apply. Okay. That's what's going on. Like myers. ESPNG. Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction. I don't know where that would be from. Some days will never be the same. That would be a blast shot out of the Roman Chamber. Call your table operator now. And then man, the ESPNG. Put your bruise off. A lot more for the viewer. He's going to grab a good ESPNG. Now that's some mouthful. Now, wasn't that spanking our gang Sundays will never be the same? Yeah, you know you're right. 920 votes on a poll. Which of these is most accurate? Bush won the election because. Furen still pinnated 311. Born again, not jobs. 225. The Democrats are inept 97. He was a better choice than theory. 97.4%. You should live so long. They stole it. 96. Because of Carl Roe of 71. Because of 911.26. And because he had more money behind him only five. Which of course will not have been in case. Because thanks to move on about working lots of other organizations. And George Soros and Soros. He had plenty of money. And they ran a lot of good ads too. In fact, the 527s ran some great ads about pushing the Saudis. But of course most of those ads appeal to people and IQ larger than their thumbnail. That was the problem. WQA in, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, can I talk to Neil? Speaking. Oh, Neil. I just want to say I went from complete access to the over my red socks to out of depression. I think of all these redneck, as you was, and I moved up with that guy. And I tell you, I think the move and pass on the west, which is the sea. Not another silver water. I mean, I'm joking, but it's really a disgrace. But you're right. You have two countries now. We have the countries of the educated, the people at IQ larger like I said than their thumbnail. And we have the, the God squadters, the mystic lunatics who are waiting for Armour getting for the world of blow up and quite frankly, the rest of us don't want to go along with their game plan. So, I am telling you, what is the first self-flared heaven-coronate comment with that so far? What is the next city heaven-common with top of all? Yeah, I'm serious. Right. It's, it's absolutely absurd. The only good thing with simple flour can get, I mean, a temperature go up there because these redneck guardians don't have any teeth. I mean, I'm really at this place. It's really at this place. It really is. I'll see you at the peace, please, baby. Thank you, everyone. All right. Yeah, the peace for you, at least you'll be over where you'll be safe. You know, when you come over and get a flu shot, we got a tiny hearing candidate and we'll shorten it all. Cost you 40 bucks though, US. Huh? There are, you read on so many people of port across the border get their flu shots here. And I'll make one other prediction, okay? Not the business of making predictions. That lie that Bush told me one of the debates about well, I think it was the second debate. Well, maybe in December, they'll revisit this thing about drugs from candidate imported them drugs. Of course, you know, there is now the trinomans chance in a hell that that's going to happen. Well, we, we examine it. We don't want those dangerous drugs from candidate from a, yeah, Canadian, that's right. Ok, and, yeah. Boy, you just wait and see, man. It's not going to happen. In fact, the stock said one of the most yesterday after the election was finally in the soil, farmer, cittables and defense contractors. They went zooming up there, zooming by. I made a little money. It's John Pothi used to say, the metal ends and I have no idea why because he couldn't announce his wet of a paper sack. Zooming by, he was terrible. Look at that, and the market is zooming up again today because they're ecstatic. Now, they know that they've got a, they've got a license to steal now. Just put your hands in a, a mercantious, periscide pocket and just ripped them, raped them, gauze up on 132, and as they're up 13 and half over 2000, crude oil is done at 4962, what last? No, you, oh, may not the week. We'll see that first of all, guys, starts sidewalk here again. I wouldn't be surprised now that the celebrating all of Bush, my students, we are lucky now. They banned our Bush in a whole bunch of our business, Arabs come, you'll see that amount of white house. They'll be drinking it, smoking it, and being fat, fine cigars, and drinking it, fine expensive, French wine. You'll see. They got their plans, baby. They got their plans. Heck, we have a really good article about the Carlogue group on our website today. If you want to read again how about the public sitting in rape and ripped off. Talk about crooks. That's morality, baby. How about broken deals? That's morality. Booking energy deals with Kenny Lay and all these other crooks behind closed doors. That's morality. See, the problem with you, God squad, Jackass is out there. You don't understand what morality really means. Today morality is only about sex, and of course most of them are screwing everything that moves. But that's all they think about. But honesty and integrity and decency and value in human life that's out of the womb, they have to interest in any of these things. All they know about is guns and gays and crap. All that's it. Right. Speaking of that, yeah. I like to headline in this article, Capital Hill Blue, your favorite website. Bloggers, screw the puts and exit pools. And that acute our headline. They screw the put you. News organizations promised they'd be able to look into why the election day is that pulls show an initial surge for John Kerry. That really pissed me off because you know me. I'm on that website of the election afternoon. And I'm looking on there. I'm getting all excited in this show's Florida. Kerry's ahead. No, Ohio. Kerry's it. It says they blame bloggers for spreading news that gave a misleading view of the presidential race. The as a full data was delivered at several points to the ABCCBS and the ABCC and in fact, Nazi news in the AP by the National Election Pool, a company formed in the wake of the best worst blowing calls on election night 2000. This was supposed to improve things. Didn't. The first wave of a civil show carried lead a three points in Florida, four points in Ohio. Only let's see. It says once one part of it is in question and it's wrong kind of puts the whole thing in questions said Marty Ryan. Fox Nazi news channels executive producer for political coverage. It was disappointing during the primary season. It worked very well for us. We were happy with it. But it wasn't that good to deny. Other never-prepresenters said the confidence in any P remained unshaken, which was how stupid they are. The Florida and Ohio ex-the-flow results along with those and other states where we're carry was strong. It was quickly disseminated on websites such as Slate, the Fudge Report, at dot com, HHS, Blossomath dot com and the command post. Some of these sites caution readers not to make too much of the information. The command post delivered news under the headline green of salt. This Fudge removed the numbers almost as quickly as they were posted. The head was flashing lights on there. I'm sure. And Slate warned. These early exit pool numbers did not divide the name of the winner. I didn't have any real component about putting it up there. I said Alan Nelson commander to the command post. I didn't struggle with it as soon because I knew it was going to become global. I didn't have a global news item at about 30 seconds. I'm turning man. I thought she was we posted you decide. Nelson said. But the people who read these numbers, along then thousands of ordinary Americans with an intense interest in the election, put too much faith in them and let the conclusions said Bill Schneider, CNN's pulling a meave. I think people believed them in it, especially the case with internet bloggers at Kathy Frank of XBS, that's unfortunate because it sets up expectations that may be met. I think it's a good exercise because it reminds people that early exit pools can be unreliable. She said they are unreliable. So there we go. I think it was a run about they did this and none of it was used to run me calls. It was a very interesting. And you know, it's the worst people were done on the dumpster when we need it before to clock and it carried people getting ready to crack out the champagne. Because it was exit pools that sucked in the course. The exit pools can never factor when they face the boats either. See what I'm saying? I do. So in other words, if they took you as a pool in Ohio and Terry was four points ahead, but the machines from dibald were cranked up the other direction. In other words, one vote for Terry equals two votes for Bush as a result of that, then it kind of like throws it off a little bit. Nothing was existing there if there was any twist rating like that. She didn't get it. There are no shenanigans because that's only on St. Panis. How did she do that? How did she do that? She did. She did her last move on. So I talked about it. So I asked her to do something and I got them booked. Let's get her on. Let's get her on as a guess. So good. I know I'm a show. Maybe she can sit in for cats and lunch or for a few days. Yeah. Cats and lunch or. Ha ha ha ha. Oh god. 22 till 2. Praise the Lord, baby. Praise Jesus. Thank you Lord. Praise Jesus. Open up tonight! Uh-huh. Coming up tonight, I didn't sign the behind the two Drohliens with the silver more. He was criticizing. There was just something about Chris Isaac. He, uh, I'm sorry, I, I flew off my seat there. Dr. Linda needs a bokeh. Is it a search fellow with the Institute for Attractiveness Studies? How know people get these jobs? Steve, the Brad Pitt or another sexy movie star. A woman can even sit and watch the TV of her boyfriend. The man knows she finds the celebrity attractive, but it's only a movie. Now, a singer, like Chris Isaac, who was not only incredibly gorgeous, Karen, and those patty lips. Oh, who's such a hard-paper-acre, a book, there's no point in light getting back on the chair. It's just going to happen again. The point is, when Chris, you can just pop could just hop in that CD and hear that voice and you freaking melt. According to Dr. Niz about men became so dreadful by their women's and join us of crazy eyes that they send out settled brainwade messages to increase eyes that was no longer welcome in their home. To save their relationships the women stop buying Chris' records. Sorry Chris. Please forgive that. Oh God. Yes. Chris Isaac, a voice that can bring one to our knees. I know how I feel. Get it ladies. It's a big juicy, soft and wet looking chill business tonight. On inside the mind. So where is the pictures all right? I don't even know what Chris Isaac looks like. You don't? No, I have no idea what he looks like. Oh whatever. Does he look like a guy? Yeah. Well that's a start. Well I'm looking on a web here. I look for it later. He's going to keep my interest. I beg your pardon. I don't think he'd like. Okay, good. That's good. I'm sure he wouldn't like me anyway. On 44 at 560 WKVC. We're trying to like our whole deal is because some of you I hear sounding very depressed. You're down in the dumps. And that was yesterday. He just can't continue doing that because you can't let the blame get you down. And I my late girlfriend Alan Fickleson from Palpatre Park used to say that all the time. The one problem with the world is too many go I'm and he's absolutely right. And yeah, like I said believe whatever you want. Believe everybody else alone. But I'm waiting here. I'm going to read this one. I even know it's got a lot of the same statistics I just read. When you find out who voted for the first time. Because of game marriage. You are going to just pee your pants. A plot. The omnis. The omnis are supposed to be voting. Well, guess what? They're for voting. Guess what? Maybe they were on this. Eric Burman in the nation, Riceon is daily outwaves are vote for fear. He says the biggest outrage imaginable occurred to date a spread of lagging economy. And I'm popular war in Iraq and I'm present at an energy on the other side. Republicans actually increased their majority's in Congress and how the presidency. How did this happen? Look at two things as it pulls review. The Republicans effectively manipulated voter's anxieties about the threat from terrorism abroad and game marriage at home to solidify their mandate. voters approved every one of the 11 initiatives, banned in game marriage on state ballots. In Ohio, the strictest anti-game marriage amendment ever proposed, banned even civil unions and possibly domestic partnership for straight couples, passed with 62% of vote. That's in Ohio, by the way, which was the pivotal state. 23% of voters named Moral values is the most important issue of court and exit policy. The nation would court the exit polls, law ahead of Iraq only 13% and help hear 5% and secondly, the jobs economy by appointing a state-dissimated by outsourcing and losing manufacturing jobs. Of the Moral values voters, 85% preferred person in Bush. The church is going to show up today, so the rest chairman of the Ohio campaign to protect marriage, 12 New York Times yesterday. Riceon that social issues like the ban on game marriage prompted groups like the homage to vote for the first time. So, let me find Bush's support. The 17% of voters who ranked terrorism is the most important issue. Take the present no high-abile stunning margin of 90 to 10 over carry. These trends carried over another crucial ballot-ground state-slides, Florida, where voters ranked Moral values is second with 20% behind only terrorism at 24%. 80% supported Bush on Moral values and an even higher 87% on terrorism. These statistics show how the president won the Sun's trend state. In teetering swing states like Arkansas, 33% of voters identified Moral values as the crucial issue, while Democrats and independents joined in approving a ban on game marriage by 75%. Across the red states, Moral values and terrorism often trumped the economy and Iraq, far surpassed health care and education as the most important issue per voters. Moral values and terrorism. Republicans drove up turn up by hammering John Kerry as a gay loving, terror perpetually Massachusetts's liberal who would impose the social values of Boston and San Francisco and all of America and it worked. The party that favors passing a constitutional amendment that was explicitly withdraw rights from a group of people for the first time in American history now has a stranglehold on moral values. The party that failed to take actions that could have helped prevent 9-11 and strengthen Alcada by invading Iraq is the only one who can defend America from terrorism in the voters' minds and this party ignorance is strength. Boy, is that well said or what? The ignorance isn't just worse, ignorance is strength. And what was I saying all along during his campaign? The reason that America loved Bush's because he was dumb, even though it were the may-were, it made him feel better about themselves. Because in what they see about water, seizes on level, so the stupidity. So it is like that, like that, I for a corridor or a spell. Just like that. That's how he spell it. What's an awful. You can't spell corridor without- Like he can't spell Kwagmar without Iraq. Now, there's another one about 9-11 anxiety. I'm going to say it again, it's quite a lot of what you were holding on to pull on. I do understand there's a lot of tough choices. Without 9-11 there'd be no more WB of Bush. He'd be on a way out. In fact, you know something probably without 9-11, he would have been in peaks a long time ago over a lot of other things that had been going on. But, you know, we can't keep the eye on the ball. There are two busier, everybody trying to stay alive. And of course, if there's military adventurerism of his really continues to by a lot of people think it will be, and we start invading in O'eran and Syria and North Korea and Huno's warehouse whenever we've been accused, they will need a draft. So those young people out there that didn't vote, or even ones that did, uh, what was to you, man? Yeah. I thought this past you've got in there again. And if there's anybody who thinks, see, that's the one good thing about this show is we don't really give a crap, you know? Now, there's we're going to tell the way we see it, and we're not going to suck up to a bunch of religious nuts right into the sub-acraft. Okay, you're crazy that a bedbug, and you're going to be a crazy a bedbug, but the rest of the world is scared, crapless of you, and we just can't deal with it. We're not going to tolerate it. We're going to continue speaking out against it. Screaming out against it. Screaming. Oh, man. That too. That's probably how we're dealing with a screamer in there. That's what we needed. Oh, you're not sure if I do not choose to run. You're like, the Agustus, the Wildal. WQAM, hello. Hey, Lou. Yes, sir. Hey, then I wanted to say, I'll see people who voted for Bush. I don't think people get what you want. I don't think it makes three more countries this time. Just a couple more towards the chambers, towards more people. You know, I hope he knows more of that. Yeah, right, Darwin. You know, I don't think it's known as more of it into these two. Another attack. And then complaints about how we never could have been matching or something like this could have happened. Hey, my, my, I hope all you people have voted for Bush. I hope that when he starts all these other words, that's your kids that he said, Li Li Li, do well. Yeah, exactly. I hope that he sends your kids. And then you people can cry about how. Oh, you know, it's for freedom and all this other stuff. And you guys all have proved all of this. You've given permission to do it. And the harm going would you to kind of do? Okay. See you to border, pal. All right. Don't forget to bring some smoke meat for the mafia dollars. And I'll say it again like I did yesterday because I'm sure that there are media types in the various software, a bureau, which would have listened to show in a closet like the people that they heard. You're at a disgrace. You're an absolute disgrace. The American media has almost totally let the public down. In fact, remember when the New York Times had a one an article about how badly they failed. They had to apologize because they feel so badly on the whole or acting. That's pretty sad that they all got sucked in. And we don't hear one more word in the things that really counted that the people in the media should have been screaming to the public about like Valorary's time and the outing of her and the Joseph Wilson thing. And of course the Richard Clark thing. That book. I mean, there's so much evidence out there. Man, but the problem is the American American doesn't read a newspaper. Much less of a book. So the Kitty Kelly book and Richard Clark book and all this other information that was out there and the internet don't forget about the internet. So that's one of the reasons why I spent a lot of time on the show reading every day, trying to like pass stuff along that people don't have the interest in relation or time to read. And it was worthwhile and so forth anyway. Too bad we weren't nationally. You know, and those people that I ripped Michael Moore, if we had a thousand Michael Moore's, I guarantee that these Nazis wouldn't be in power today. Sure, this is a million of projects. And it's going to be a problem. You take a hand. You're like an aspiring person. But the movie. I think it goes as if it's panicked. They say the future be glad for me. Now I can get no jobs. Cause I have don't got no interest in. Hasoken like a no decro. You're like a no decro. But I have it to say that's okay. Jamie my name to shoot for me. Try to do set the code of any kind of like. I remember when I was feeling, all the white pants got hanging out that. The builder they are about, found the blues, our father team. But there was got no job, those he is. And I remember when I was feeling, all the white pants got hanging out that, the builder they are about, found the blues, our father team. By bills got rose out, those he is. And I, I. Hold upon, I'm execute my number, james now. And I, I. Got screw in cell mode, record in. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Learning what I'm about in song. If I'm an exclaimed sound from a, got nothing to do with literacy. Now I just make more money. They have a food, sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. If I'm an ignorant being getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll look at a whole garbage. Still a first and fourth. And then I go on a think of money. By cereal and a fridge it there. I remember when I was stealing all the white men's obms hanging outside. The builder they above, ran the blues, that father team. By bills got rose out, folding and fat. So the bonus would be the best thing to do. But there was got so soft folding and fat. So the bonus would keep my mouth a taste now. That's the go Princess Roadcraft^^ Practical things faster than crap diesemthings.. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Practical things. Okay, come on up there. Off with the silver. We got a crack in America, baby, right down in the middle. We got a North and South problem again. We got the intelligence people and people who got an IQ larger than their little pinky. And then we got the Jesus Christ's man. Sean has a really good fact here to close us on today. Says, a previous fact here was myth about these cerebrally challenged based with the bush voters. I did not buy one analysis of the top 10 smartest states in the Union based on the Morgan Quinto press annual survey, 2003 and four. Terry won eight, 10 smartest states. Terry won eight, Bush only two, and only one five would go for career, which I don't think was very close. 113 electoral votes were presented by the 10 smartest states, Bush got to lay 10 of those votes, and only three of I will win for Terry and Terry get all the rest. I need like that. So in other words, in the places where people have education and IQ larger than a hairpin, carry one. Of the 10 dumbest states where people are dumb than a boxer rocks, Bush won eight of those, and carry only two. This is only because California's writing suffers from massively legal immigration. All those illegal aliens were going to get a 57 Chevy in a whole bunch of food stamps from Bush. P.S. says no green was especially on his guard against assassination, but he did keep an eye out. Says our good friend Sean, how do you like that? So the more you analyze and you sit around, you look at the it's the indicated against the flat earth society. And that's why the rest of the world is like just they just can't believe it. But there's speechless. They're petrified. They're scared, crap. They're running around saying, this didn't really happen. Did it wasn't like a bad dream? No. Can 59 million people really be that stupid? Yes. And of course, religious finaticians stupidity go hand in hand anyway. Okay. The hock is focused, if that's what you believe in that that American Gothic couple learned Columbus Ohio. Man, when they find out that the rumors are Jewish and moving to their town, I hate to think what's going to happen. You know, I'm not exactly. Wow. They'll be feeding them some free meals all right. I can't tell you what they're going to be feeding them. Anyway, which of these is most accurate? Bush one election because parents stupidity tree every and 50 born again, not jobs, 255. They stole it 109. That Democrats are in net 109, which they are. It was a better choice in curie 104. 949 percent because the car drove 81 because an 911 31. He had more money behind him just by speaking of more money behind him. The mad dog is now. Bye. Bye. Bye.