That's Brian, no, CRO! Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible verses better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of Yousake, my martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy. Cruze a fiction! Cruze a fiction is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful, if you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus dial gets nailed. I'll tell the best. Um, how about a cat? No, sorry, Billy. I'm sorry to the best! After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local Cruze a fiction toy store and grab up your very own copy of Cruze a fiction. Why not play tonight? Come with the small Jesus dial nails in a tiny spear, fake blood, wooden cross and hammer not included. Cruze a fiction, a product of Trinity Brothers! Oh, right! Hey, happy ass wins, big baby. Make sure you get those asses on your forehead and get off to see Mel Gibson, man. That's what's all about. Well, he is he actually in it? I let's write the only part that he's in is when he's driving the nails to the palm of Jesus. Which, by the way, hate to tell you this, Mel, but all these scholars will tell you that Cruze a fiction is during that period of time. They always put the nails to their wrist, see, which would have been the only way to make sure that they stayed on the cross because you drove the nail through the palm of the hand. Unfortunately for the victim, they would like come with squishy eating, falling down to Trinity. Exactly. Unless, of course, you got those good Jesus super nails that you get in it to Home Depot these days for 1695 or whatever they are. Get your nails and go out to see the passion of the Yushki. Please. You know, I just have a change in plan, I think, for today. We don't have time to build a set of pull. Okay. The second pull we're going to do today, the movie thing. We'll do that tomorrow. There you go, Eric, it'll make your life easier today, but you just read the big sigh relief, you know. Probably cut one of these two. Oh, I'm sorry. Careful. I apologize. I don't want to start out with that. We'll sneak those in a little bit later. We'll sneak them in and maybe even sneak one out. A wet one. But anyway. So we'll just do the first pull. And let's get to, well, first the bad news. And again, on the news, it's like, wow, they're, look at that. William Donny who he had that look at his face like a crazy man like a Renfield. She like a crazy Dracula. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, just foaming it to mouth. William Donny who president of the Catliqu League, just calm him down. Give him some doggy down. Did you see the look on his post? Yep. Wow, just brandishing the teeth like a dog and he like a, anyway, like a pit bull. Anyway, Americans in the Iraqi allies were targeted to fresh violence today as a question mark home where they political future of the country. The US military helicopter crashed into River West to Baghdad and military said killing two more service members, a witness reported seeing a missile hit the aircraft. It brought the number of US deaths in Iraq to 547 with a crash. The US military's lost 15 copter since the occupation began in May, mostly the hostile fire, at least 60 of our consubin killed in those crashes. Elsewhere, gunman assassinated the deputy police chief in the northern city of Mosul yesterday or today rather in militants warned of further attacks that Iraqi security forces and Kurdish militia medicusing the architecting the infidel Americans. So the lead goes on. While Americans are dying, if you didn't like I said it, barely even makes the news, there are only two things people are concerned about now in America. We're not even concerned about Janet, although a Michael Powell still is. The bigger the life Michael Powell that you'll see a very lovely picture of on our website. The only things they care about are making sure that we put a bigotry into the constitution that's number one. Right number two, let's go see Yoshke get to crucify. We'll go see some good old fashioned Mel Gibson of violence at the movies. We got something much more pleasing to look at on our website today. It's Monica Bollucci who just turned 40 years old by the way. Did she? Or no she will turn on September. You know what they in September? About 30 minutes. Yeah, I see. She was born in Chitad de Castelo in Perugia. You look at the Italian Castelo. No, it's her well, it's on my IMBD, AB. I want to see a list of the movies she made. Now she's currently working on one called She Hate Me, not to be confused with He Hate Me. Okay. Brother's Grim. Agent secrets. The passion of the Christ? Yeah. Oh, no, where she plays Mary Magdalene while they're Yarn. I thought Mary Magdalene was murdered James Carville. Matrix Revolutions. Enter the Matrix. Matrix Reloaded. Tears of the Sun. Recordot they de-may. Lot of minute Italian. Oh, look at this. Yeah, she's a tall-loose K. I'm on. She's got one in Espanyol. No, you like that. She gets around. And the Ultimo Cabodano, Ultimo Cabodano, they got irreversible listed on there, don't that. Come in me, me, boy. I beg your pardon. Then she was also in the apartment. She was in a snowball. She was in a whole bunch of stuff. But she's in the patch of the Christ. So it's very appropriate that we have a lovely nude picture of Monica Bludcion, the Oragas.com today. Right to ask to ask with Roland the Michael Powell. You realize that we're just hanging on by the skin of our teeth. We had a near miss and nobody even told us about it. Did you know that? What the asteroid? Yes. Yeah, I do that. Astronomers have revealed how they came within minutes of alerting the world of a potential asteroid strike last month. So you better watch your asteroid, by the way, as George Carlin pointed out, that was a near hit. A near miss is when you get hit. Oh. This scientist, believe on 13 January that a 30-millimeter object later designated 2004 AS1 had a one and four chance of hitting the planet within 36 hours. Let's see, 30-millimeter would be what? Is it like 10 feet? 30-millimeter? 30-meters rather. Oh, oh, no, no, no, meters longer than a yard. It's about 40 yards. Wow. No. Really? Yeah. That's 120 feet. It could have caused local devastation in the research is kind of played into the color president Bush before a new data finally showed there was no danger. Thank the Lord. He must have been watching out for the earth. The procedures for raising the alarm and such circumstances are not being revised. At the time the president's team would have been putting the final touches to his feet. He was due to make the following day. At that court as of NASA, the US-based agency, entity planter, we set the course of man's spaceflight, sending it back to the moon and under Mars, but it could have had something very different to say if we had had this little problem. I'm going to proclaim. What was firing called preemptive maneuver? Got the whole story now. And Bubba at Losspoint. If I give the poor result from yesterday first, we had a lot of votes. Lot and lots of votes. 1906, you ready for that over 1900 votes? Excellent. What's your take on the much-eyed Mel Gibson, the passion of the Christmauvee, there's names, Carvizel. About 20 minutes from right now. David Starrer, the Christian Science Monitor, will take a different view of the movie. And this Saturday there's a special edition of CNN presents the mystery of Jesus. The mystery of Jesus is this Saturday boy. I'll tell you that the Jesus Christers are having a busy week because it's asswins day today and we got lent. Can that be lent? Bobcatty. Bobcatty. Or look around at a blue chain, say, hey Monica, can those be lent? But anyway. What's your take on a much-eyed Mel Gibson passion of the Christyushki movie is our question? 1909 votes, they're just continuing to pile in here. I will see it 412 21.5. We'll get busy. It's out today, get busy. Even the Pope will be proud of this marketing chamber date. He's a piker compared to this. I mean, nobody has ever marketed anything for good about movie. Anything else like this thing. Even with all its amazing inaccuracies and it's just non-stop violence and grotesque or tootist crap. But anyway. I might see it if I hear it's good 278. Oh, it's sensational. You better get off your ass and go see it right now. If you want to get saved. If you want to be on the right side of the Lord. I wouldn't watch it if they paid me 278. Mel Gibson and his father are both Nazis 267. I think they may have a point. I definitely won't see it 265. And non-believers who just ignored 100 and bought a 1909. I like that number. 1909. Hey, there's your buddy, the mayor. Here's a good guy. Oh, he's great. The Constitution of the United States of America. I'll tell you one thing, he'll be president someday. Gavin Newson, the mayor of San Francisco. He's good looking guy. He's articulate. He's married with a real wife. He makes all the sense in the world. And you can't. They hit him on. I don't want to see those screaming fruit flies. Please. No. I see, I know this comes as a shock to you. I know a lot of gay people. I don't know any of them who look like those. That to keep showing on my TV. In fact, I think that there's stunt gay people. Oh, what do you mean? You do. You work in this building sometimes. Freaky Carlos is who you're thinking of. I'm sure. I think you own a apology to all the people who are in that scene. That up scene. And anyway, so who's Art Riley? Does anybody in the audience have any ID who Art Riley is who is a WIOD? Got fired by a cheap channel. Pete Bulger followed him and the parking lot on the way up to his car to make sure he got a lot of others. The rumor that we're here in. The assassin Pete Bulger fires another one. Maybe somebody will tell us who Art Riley was from WIOD. No kind of Rick Rally. Although SUDS did tell us the news. Thanks, SUDS. SUDS is on top of it. He keeps his tentacles out the window. He's got nothing else to do. He says watch all reruns of Star Trek. Lombas firing called a preemptive maneuver. Tampa, all hard rock, no harsh words. This from the Tampa Tribune. Yesterday morning 98 Rock listeners are waiting. Look at that. There is not one person who has any ID who Art Riley was. I would have thought right away we'd had a couple lines. We're going to have to pick up. Oh, Art Riley used to do Yadiyada or whatever. Nobody has any ID who that is or was. On WIOD. That's very disconcerting. That means there may be nobody listens to WIOD. This is if the course won Russia's on and maybe the Schmidt-Mister. On the SUDS morning 98 Rock listeners are waiting to a channel to airing incubus. Not the grand... Oh no, they're not playing incubus. Not the gravel horse and X of the stations hugely popular in Otorously and nasty morning drive this Jockey. Make that former morning drive this Jockey. Buffet Love Sponge claim. What we already did this thing yesterday. The decision came as an executive with career channel communications. The San Antonio base company that owns WXTV more than 1200 radio stations nationwide prepares for a capital here of appearance tomorrow. Following this? Okay. WQN Art Riley 9. Hello. I'm a reality in this world. Hello, the assistant. This is Joe. Yes, sir, you know who Art Riley is? Hey, the fuck pirates. WQN. Magic sucks. WQN. Hello. Neil. Art Riley was the morning news anchor on IOD. Oh, so here's about that, right? Yeah, exactly, but he's not the evening 8 no more. Yeah, but you know, he bulges such a prick anyway that what was the expect guy that sits there and reads news off a cue cards gets canned. In the parking lot, I heard about that story too. Did you? Yeah, I did. I heard that story, yeah. Yeah, followed right out to the car apparently some shouting and some yelling back and forth at each other. You know, just a typical peep bulger style. You know, he's such a nice bastard. What an assassin. He really is. Who bet he didn't go on the parking lot get run over by a Mac truck? That would be good. That would be the greatest day of my life. Oh, absolutely. That would just make headlines all the way. Give us a call when that happens. Let us know. I'd be happy to it on the horn as I'm running him over. OK, thank you. I'll get over there with you that they're real police right now. All right. I'll get back to this because it's so obvious that they're doing this some a preemptive maneuver. It kind of it kind of reminds me. I don't want to like, you know, make any accusations, but it kind of reminds me of somebody else. I'll take your children a sell them to some Haitians. Do you want to mean? Kind of smell. It kind of smells of the same aroma as for else canning. And it's going to be really interesting in the current environment to see see you can be two things in this business now under the current atmosphere. The two things you cannot afford to be. They're both begin with acid field SS again, which is seem to be all over the place these days with the bush people and the SS stubborn and stupid. You can't afford to be either one of those. See what I'm saying? How that's stupid. You can't afford to be stubborn or stupid. In 13 at 560 WQAM, I guess I'll give real good. And I won't have time. Hey, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The only one mortgage from financial group, the benefits are just incredible. You pay zero closing costs, zero application, fee zero credit, zero fee and even zero discounted points. Get yourself the new low interest rate. It's unbeatable. Just 1.25%. If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are just $334 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $60,000 to no forget. Once you be fined, you get a new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call toll free that new number, 1-866-395-LIN. And get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property with no further cost to expense. You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fees, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property. Get yourself the new low rate financing of just 1.25%. With the only one mortgage from financial group and never ever pay closing costs again. On today for details, there's no obligation. Call toll free, 1-866-395-LIN. That's 1-866-395-L-E-N-D. There's an equal housing lender. Restrictions do apply rates of subdued change monthly for .21-APR. How are David's a bitch? We wait for you. Thank you for tuning in, man. You'll ride yours next. Okay, dude. See you later, man. There you go. Those are bikes, don't they? You're a snob! You touch them, that's totally. Baaaaaaaa! What the hell? Get in my way, man. I should owe them my wish. Get out of my way. Get out, you ran into a face of pain. Oh, baby, it was painful. What's going on? Now all of you, put that out. I've got to get the carloads in here. Okay, I'll be fine. You're by the way, something's wrecked. Oh, that's a stupid thing. You're paying the Stachinkham balls and reception more than anybody else here. Well, who better to represent an all-day sport-hole station? And be side. She frightens me. All right, everyone. Let's break this up right now, or I'll show you my ball. Yeah. I'm out of here. Get him out. Get him out. That's a beautiful thing. Oh, you've seen them then. Oh, no. I've only heard you tell. Ten 18 at five, 60. So here's the fact that this art rally was also the person Joey Reynolds replaced on QM mornings. I am that him right. Oh, yeah, real pain in the ass. Joey Reynolds. How distressing. What bad memories that brings back. Anyway, here's today's pool, which we already got 52 votes on there. The thing is that up there just silently. So something's going on. Anyway, here's the pool. Now, before I give it to the pool, before I give you my pool, CNN has taken a similar pool, which inspired me on their website. I don't know whether they're finished to you, but I checked it this morning for the up to the minute totals. And while on game marriage in the US, the pool is like about 64 to 32 percent. It's almost about two thirds against game marriages. But the question on CNN should the US constitution be amended to ban game marriage? They have 341,000 votes. Probably a few more than we'll get. Maybe a few more. But yes, 144,259 and no, 196,064. The percentages come out to yes 42 percent, no 58 percent. The constitution should not be amended to ban game marriage. 58 to 42 percent, not even close. All of them in spite of the fact that they're talking heads on their last 24 hours have been saying, oh, well, it's pretty much split down the middle. No, no, it's not. And I think that the bush people are really shot themselves in a feet with this one because they're pandering to the, they're, they're sing out of the choir. Right. They're pandering to the same people. We're going to support them anyway. See, over the last week, we had some stories are right about the writers are getting disenchanted with abortion. He hasn't done enough to pacify them and appeal to their bigotry and hate and stuff like that. So right off the bat, here it comes out with this constitutionalist homophobic crap. And like Ted Kennedy said, never in his view, this country is the constitution been used to take away rights from any class of people ever. And it isn't going to happen this time either because he's got a Chinaman's chance to get in this through two thirds of the house and a Senate as in none or much less than none. Ain't going to happen. But of course, he can always say to the right wing constituency, well, look, I did my best and I can't help it if they won't go along with me. The problem being that the social moderates out there who might have voted for Bush, like many of them, did back in 2000, this is only going to chase them further away and make them realize just how radical and right wing and a press of these vastures are. So anyway, 58 to 42% against the amendment according to CNN. Here's our poll. Where do you stand on George W. Bush's proposal to pass a constitutional amendment ban in gay marriage? I agree with Bush. I'm against gay marriage, but against an amendment. I'm all for gay staff the right to marry or I don't care about the issue with Steve Vicer. Got it? Okay. As a part of his 64 votes on air, let's take a puke at it. I'm all for gay staff the right to marry 27. I don't care about the issue with device of 25. I agree with Bush 11. I'm against gay marriage, but against an amendment eight. So let's see, 13%. 13% as opposed to, well, we take the 30% out. What percent? About 30 men. So that leaves 33, so 57. See, don't mind no constitutional amendment to ban gay marriages. As if, of course, it's going to make any kind of a difference. And as usual, the media that predicted me tried it out all the regulars, and there was jury fall while yesterday. And last night, we had the anxious Jim Dobson and some other preach they had on King last night, it was just pathetic. Really tragic. And like you said, at the Mayor from San Francisco is a sensation, his great speaker, very articulately looks like a human being. And he isn't going to take any crap. And the new thing, this right wing, a bitch from New Mexico or Colorado. I'm sorry, the Republican Senator Murray, whatever her name is from Colorado, that proposed this back in the fall. Her responses and other ones, they always have their talking points. You know, the party line, the responses. Well, what about, uh, polygamy? What are you going to do when they come forward for that? And what about group marriages? Oh, group, group, group. And he just is, uh, it's just, he says, well, there you go again, thrown up the same old red hearings, and we're used to it. And I'm not going to be bothered by that. And he said, that's all she had. That was all her material. And then they finally pendered on and said, well, listen to you. How about civil unions? And she said, well, I think that, you know, the individual states, the legislature has to write two make these decisions. And they said, well, if Colorado passed a civil union in the law, would you support it? Well, no, I would do everything in my power to prevent it, but you're out of yawning. Ha ha ha ha ha. Right. Let's see. What did you hear that we're curious about the amendment to W's proposing is basically shying away almost agreeing with it. And so is Edwards. In fact, Edward, did you see me yesterday he ran away? No. You didn't see that? Sorry, this was, he was having a little press conference. And not a press conference, but like a little interview outside somewhere. And they were asking him few questions. And they popped that one at him and boy, he, uh, he is for civil unions. And then he raced, they just ran. It says he wants to stop short of calling same-sex marriages marriages. But this is not new. Did this fact, sir, you better get with it. Don't you understand? Yeah, do I know what Edwards view is exactly the same. They're both the force of a union and against gay marriage in the arc. And they're doing the smart thing because they're not going to have it tied around their neck like an albatross. They're not going to let them loose. And they're vehemently opposed to the constitutional amendment. So trust me, what I'll tell you, that's the important part. I got three of the trails I get to eventually, about that. Now get in fact to Bubba. The industry inside is agreed that Bubba the love sponge is firing and the huge proposed fine that preceded it could lead to less provocative programming, at least in the short run. What an understatement. Clear channel and claims shocking stick have come under scrutiny since January. When the FCC proposed a $755,000 fine against broadcasting BMU, though it includes a $40,000 charge for faded-imaintained proper records, the balance applied to Clemshow and 26 on our incidents that the FCC deemed indecent. Of course the firing is a preemptive move by Clear channel said Adam Jacobson, editor of the industry trade publication radio and records. I mean, why now? Why did it take three years and fines in a criminal case involving a pig restoration? Because the Clear channel executive is testifying tomorrow. It'll be interesting to see how it affects media overall. You always have some guy in the name of ratings to write a set himself apart from the pack. Not us, haha. Oh, not Howard Spurr. I'm no, I don't know who it might be. I don't think anybody. No. Like I said, if you want to be stupid and stubborn, you're also going to be fired at it. Is what's going to happen? Fired at it. Danny D. Loretta, who's a major asshole of ice president in general manager for Clear Channel and Tampa Road Monday, that we recognize the importance of understanding in every content that is consistent with the standards and sensibilities of the local communities we serve. They used to just say, and yesterday adding this type of content is inappropriate. Of course, it was inappropriate enough to make bubble love sponge number one, many 18 to 34, and then 25 to 54 persons 18 to 34 also, but it's going to be either gone. He's gone. Well, here him no more. But at least they will sign incubates. That's a good sign. Yeah, we'll take it. I'd rather hear incubates than the bubble love sponge any day the week. So the bottom line is forget about it. Okay. It's where all done were finished. This is what you some of you people wanted. This is what you still want. We still got some people out there that want more of this. They can't get enough of it. Those are the ones that run away to watch the Yoshpistory right now with all of its, Yeah, it's the gospel according to Mel Gibson, who's a fanatical traditionalist as they call it Catholic, phonetic. And coming at a time when we're seeing all of the seeds of phonetic religious crap all around the world, this couldn't possibly be a worse time, but never less. Not that it'd be a good time. But to appropriate. Yeah, it fits right in. Sure. Anyway, speaking of Kerry that the other guy so worried about is if, you know, he wants to, you know, wrap that thing around Kerry's neck, which he isn't going to let him have it. And then he really looked like Herman Monster. No, we don't want an albatross rafter out his neck. But anyway, Kerry wins Idaho, Utah, and Hawaii, and you see who came in second and Hawaii? Yeah, you told me this. I read Told you. Dennis Cassinat. You go Dennis, he was the only candidate who showed up in Hawaii, said, hey, somebody's got to show up here. They showed him with a lay around his neck or maybe there's an albatross. John Kerry wins all three states yesterday in Hawaii, Utah, and Idaho. What were the numbers? Let's see. Hawaii. He had 46 percent, Cassinat's 30 because he showed up. What if Cassinat's get? But third man. Edward's third with 13 percent, and Howard Dean got 9 percent. He was still on the ballot. Idaho, Kerry B. Edwards is 54 percent to 22. Got it? Got it. Dean got 11. In Utah, Kerry 55 percent Edwards had about third man. And Cassinat had seven. So again, just sweeping his way through the states, Kerry continues plowing his way through. 27. After 10 to 5. 60 WQM, if you're jobbing worth a crap, man, if you don't have two nickels to rub together, here's the answer for it. You're self-sum training in a real career. And in order to get started, I already have to do is make one easy phone call. Just reach over and pick up your instrument, make that call today, to 1.8.6. Fast train, because they can get you started in a brand new high-paying computer career. It just four easy months before the end of the summer. Fast train can help you get started in a new high-paying computer career. The man for computer professionals like I always tell you, is still growing like crazy. So call him today, don't explain it to you. There's no obligation. What do you got to lose beside a really meaningless job? Call 1.8.6. Fast train, don't forget, with seven locations around town. Fast train's bound to have a campus post by where you live. Fast train offers job placement, financial assistance for people who qualify, and would day night and weekend classes they make it as easy as a piece of pie. If you register now, you can start having a new high-paying career, like I said before the end of the summer. You can have a big one, a big impressive paycheck. If you make that easy call, check them out on the web if you like it. Fast train.com. And when you call, please be sure and tell them it could really help you out that Todd Dreck told you to call. 1.8.6. Fast train. My life in local, from your sports video 5-6-U.A.M. We're here to talk about how Martin's been on a lot of football, Bob. And then you're sitting and getting lucky on that, with two fished hardball matches, you're little passionate, Bob Ford. You were right. I'm fine. I'm Christ, I got sick. I was supposed to retire tomorrow, God, I've always been fine. Alright, let's meet Dad just talk about. With James Gandolfini as the loyal but doubting doctor, all the miracles and magic tricks people are bound to accept me as their Messiah. The mind, yes, any group from the roles are limited by that. Wings before, my forgotten life like a puzzle. I like you. If we are kids, we're a trist. And Joe Pashy as bunches finally. What's going to name his bunches anyway? What do you want to do to guess this? I don't just give me a chance to ask you, and I'll show you what I'm saying. Please, hold, Pat, in part four. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. I know. I'll prove by the boat. He'll tell you this is pretty good. Alright. Tantar, it's 2 at 5.60.W.U.A.M. This is an excellent thanks, but why can't believe Ted Kennedy forgot about the prohibition of booze amendment as the other amendments to take away people's rights. Very good point. Must have been to booze in this memory laws. Or the concept that his popma made their family fortune as a booze runner. PSI loved Ted Kennedy. And so to live as you write, you have a good point. Prohibition didn't work too good. Just like Prohibition of Pat is working real good too, and it, oh yeah. Yeah, and all the other drugs. Just as rush. He'll tell you. 182 votes on that pool already. Man, they are smoking on this. Gonna blow up right in the old bushmysus face you'll see. What do you stand on that proposed constitutional amendment by the president? The band game merges. I'm all forgives have to write to Mary 91. I don't care about the issue with the device of 50. I agree with Bush 22 only 12 percent. I'm against game marriage, but against an amendment 19, 10 and a half percent. No, 193. Not to and to well. I agree with Bush 12.9 percent. Of course we have one. There's an element out there. If Bush said, you know, go to the nearest cliff in jump. They say, I agree the president's got a good idea. Did the ditto heads who agree with Russia and with Bush and anybody else whose name ends in USH is in Tush. In whatever. Right. Shippet stopped over she's just good. Cartoon steps into the real world is from the BBC. Can a mere cartoon strip change the world? Dunesbury creator Gary Chudo is putting his money where his characters mouths are and may well find out. Gary Chudo is one of the most influential and persistent voices of liberal America since he started drawing his Dunesbury cartoon strip in 1970. And yet before they last to us presidential election he was backing George Bush. The reason was simple. Like all satirists he said he was hoping for a Bush victory because, Gores and moving target Bush's a stable hard target like Koyol. Now he's stepping up from the drawing board to take the challenge more directly to the president. He's offering a $10,000 reward to anyone who will verify Mr. Bush's account of his military service in Alabama in the early 70s. In Monday's strip Mr. Bush was seen asking AIDS, why no evidence can be found of his military service. This is ridiculous. He says 800 guardsmen nobody else saw me. What's it take to find one reliable witness? The next frame has the strip's main character Mike Dunes, very standing beside a notice board offering, become a witness when $10,000. On to those websites, I've criticized that the board is for anyone who personally would this George W Bush reporting for drills at the Danling International Guard Base between the months of May in November 72. Chudo told the BBC was making the pledge for the usual reason to keep busy. I'll ride. I'll go and you go boy. Let's see. We got three of the tutorials on this whole thing about the Constitution. Let me say it again. You know, you're right wing, go. You don't understand one thing. Even if you do understand it, you pretend you don't understand it. The rest of us don't care what the Bible says. I mean, some people do care, but for their own personal lives. But we don't make laws based on what your Bible says because if we did that, we'd never be able to make any laws because there are too many different Bibles. Of course, the only one they care about is their Bible. The Testament. And a Bible says this in the Bible said that in the Adiati. Adiati? And of course, Gibson has disavowed any kind of intentions like that. But it certainly leaves the door open to anybody who comes in already. Price killer. I'm sorry. That's okay, sir. Right. That's the better than just price killer. Does it really? Well, it doesn't. It sounds crunchier. I see. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We just don't care about your Bible. And the God God said this, and this is a sin and that's a sin and y'all. Right. We don't care that you don't care. We don't make you care. Right. W. W. Q. And hello. Are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, I want to talk about the poll. You had the day about the discharge because I didn't get a chance to call. Reverend Jones. No, it's not Reverend Jones. Yes, yes. Yes. I don't know who that is. Reverend Jones. I want to talk to you. Reverend Jones. Neil, the stock Reverend Jones. I mean, no, who that is? I'll bet you'd read Reeds Life on it. It's not only the third time I've ever called the program. Reverend Jones, go ahead Reverend Jones. Let's see what you got to do. I want to talk to you about the radio. They got a radio. That was the discharge key in forewing. And again, I'm a few. It's got to be too hot. Yeah. He did a morning drive by. See you, Reverend Jones. Speaking of drive by, keep him in mind. After the next one. Oh, the list. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We're not going to get too many calls today because these people are all off to see the passion of your schematics, man. To see one of the most violent movies. If not the most violent movie ever made by the anxious and obnoxious and religious fanatical Mel Gibson, who's going to make 25 million. And there was William Dodd and he won their minutes ago. Oh, and they're packing them into eight bucks to pop it. But they're there. Already running out, you can hear the catching man of the change machine. The big church changed machine. They're running through there. Because business quite frankly has been a little on the slow side lately. For the Jesus Christ, he's been a little bit on the slow side. So maybe it's something to really stimulate these. The lunatics. Did you see that? Are you watching CNN? Yes. You see a couple of minutes ago, they had the scene in one of the churches where they're all praying and they're all whipped up into a frenzy by this. And the woman, you know, she was squinting her eyes. I was squinting. See, she was all her face scratched up and squinted your eyes. Is it the harder she squins the more God's going to listen? That's absolutely true. If you scrunch your eyes really, really hard. Yeah. It draws a touch of your talk. We allow that to. And the more people that see you praying, the better it is, and spider with the Bible says. Yeah. Wow. I knew these little, for the right and down on my right. You raise your arms up because those are like antitah. You know what I said? I'm going to write it down on my right arm. Careful. On my far right arm. WQM. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning to you. Two things. One thing from yesterday, if I may. Yes? You were wondering about old blades. Did you ever get an answer to that? I don't know what that is. Yesterday, you were talking about old blades. I know, and I don't know what it is. And you're going to tell me. Yes, OK. Those are the old blades. They're actually the objects. The objects of Mary and Matulet. It's an order of priests, like Franciscans or Dominican. And you might know them from the University of Ottawa. There are the, no, I never been to the University of Ottawa. I never met an Ottawa. Well, you live in Toronto, eh? But I never been an Ottawa, and I have no intention to go in there. Too many frogs there, man. Oh, no, no. It's the lovely city of Israel. Those are the other ones. They're the natural. OK. Just moments ago, that's the real reason I'm calling. Just moments ago, you made a remark that, next thing we know, where we'll be making a base on the Bible. Well, in actuality, a whole legal system is. They know it is. No, absolutely not. No, it's not. No, it is not. OK. I'm not calling to the stand, or to you are. Oh, for example, the Bible that talks about all those slaves didn't we outlaw slavery in this country after the Civil War? I'm talking about the morality issue. So in other words, keeping slaves is the morality issue. No, of course it is. And keeping women a second class citizens and not loving them to vote that's not a morality issue. Sure have a nice life. OK. Our co-solar, oh, please. I beg your pardon. Oh, bloody, oh, blood. I think it's the wrong thing. The Greeks, the Romans, that's what our system of laws is. Right. But don't confuse them with the facts. OK. And of course, I'm 10 Commandments. That was really difficult to, because God handed them right to Moses. He said, take two of these and call me in the morning. And then he dropped that other one. Right. He dropped one. He said, no, he dropped the one. It said, D.N.H. Do no harm. Yeah. That was a very sad. It was a very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad, very sad very bad, that is a little bad, that this續續續. Lots of praise Paul says, limite and everyone says, to unconditional pain, but convincingly, of Ottawa and Montreal and Quebec City. Hey, you think you've got problems? 19 to 11 at 5.60 WQM. Here's something you've been like, it's called Intererex Diabetic. It's a really delicious meal replacement drink. It's mostly mostly made for people with diabetes, but you can enjoy it too even if you don't have diabetes, and I hope you don't. Intererex Diabetic is sweetened with splendor. And so there's no nasty amtit taste like the other drinks that are made from asspertain and second that leave like this show sometimes, as a bad taste you know about. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a big fan ass theory. Every time I say fan ass, I think a Michael Pauligan, and I'd be a beautiful picture. Let's leave that up there for a while on our website. Ooh, I like those high heels too, man. Those pumps? Yeah, each or hard not see a lot of crews. Intererex Diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement provides all the essential vitamins and minerals you need for healthy life. Plus it's got fiber and antioxidants, yet it's low and saturated fat and cholesterol too. The first diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free for all you glutton and gluten's out there. And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition. Try anorex diabetic once and I will bet I'll bet the freaky carlos is life on it. You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before. More and more people are buying it and drinking and join it, which is why it's available all over town now. You can pick it up at publics, Walgreens, Echards, Navarro, Sedanos, CVS, other local pharmacies or if you want to try first for free, that's what most people like. They're sending away a free two pack to anybody who calls their toll free number. One, eight, six, six, three, six, eight, thirty, seven, thirty nine. Tom, that meal sent you for the delicious one and they'll give you an additional special gift from Editing my name. Or you can order it online even faster at enterrex.viabetic.com. That's all one word. Interrex.viabetic.com. Click on free samples. Here's the toll free number again for your free two pack. One, eight, six, six, three, six, eight, thirty, seven, thirty nine. My name is Walgreens, this is 4256. We have Roger Scott. Have you been injured as a result of a wardrobe malfunction, then you may be eligible to collect millions and damages from Janet Jackson. To use stuff up from any of the following, Jim is eyesight from staring at your TV from four inches away. I'm going blind. Carpal Colonel Syndrome from rewinding your TV over and over and over again. Oh, it's all over again. Oh, it's all over again. Oh, it's all over again. Oh, oh. Home networking, sing garter on. Oh, shaping. Then join the class action lawsuit against Janet Jackson. Oh, this catch an if you're nasty. Let Janet Jackson down for all wind fall for you. Call 1-800-800-800-800-800- Now. Doing Janet Jackson is not a substitute for getting a light, getting off your button, getting your job. It's at 1047 at five, 60 WDQM, 283 votes. We got almost read at votes already, George. Wow, how do you like that? No kidding. I'm going to write a book. You know what's going to be called? I give up religion as a weapon. Okay? Yeah. Okay, we can be sure people with it. Yeah, we ended people with a book. as a weapon all throughout history i mean just think of these it is of examples we did put that article on the uh... website yesterday to one from uh... new worker that was great yes it was and he says i don't think about give sense going to make a sequel in which he shows how the very same violence that was used to crucify christ was used by the his believers to uh... off all of those people through the century so didn't matter and they made them off of the could refuse convert or die we're gonna be making that movie now that is no money in that cnn is asking that they got a new poll question well let me give you the result of the first where do you stand on the constitutional amendment to van game erges to a eighty three votes i'm all for gays to have the right to marry a hundred thirty eight almost fifty percent i don't care about the issue with the advice of seventy seven i agree with bush thirty four twelve percent i'm against game erges but against amendment another thirty four and a twelve percent anyway the cnn pool is about the and see they use the wrong words maybe they should call me first and we'd be for the put their pull up because i'm good at pulls man i've uh... yeah yeah no one a few my time they like well and so board jury and anyway the uh... pulled a ticket today is has the controversy over the passion of the christ affected your interest in seeing the film now they give you three choices increased the question not at all and i'm gonna vote for not at all because i was interested in the first place and i'm certainly not interested now and couldn't give a flying craft less they've got uh... twenty five thousand six hundred votes over now as maybe i don't know because i can't move this you know what i mean in the little screen i can't move it i'll tell it so it's either twenty five thousand six hundred twenty fifty six thousand i know two hundred fifty six thousand increased the not see it has the controversy affected your interest to should say has it the hype not controversy the hype the build up the media blitz increased forty one percent decreased thirteen percent or not at all forty six percent so if you had those last two fifty nine percent it's either decreased or not affected at all but forty one percent say oh i got to go see it i got to go see it because of the hype that's the word you ask holes it's in and left out because of course you don't want to go find the religionist the hype and boy you got ahead to mil Gibson be sure to how to hide this up no course they drag daddy out of the closet again log it up to start spew in his Nazi rhetoric again all of the jews the this and it was the holocaust man yeah the jews suck right they dragged him out again watch yourself now jashie and i'm gonna i'm gonna leave it up to jashie's gonna have to keep a real tight rain and on you mister you said jews oh sorry and like i said they are now that said they're gonna be serving um popcorn and candy is usual at the theaters where to show them over but they're also gonna have like breakfast rolls and warm coffee and things like suit you cop and telecourse the accrues of fiction actually starts itself in the first few minutes and they start whipping and beating and lashing and the skin goes flying right all the other body parts things like that that point they'll serve jesus cheese of course or juju bees and i don't don't you ever get juju bees at the movies sure of course who did yeah everybody over the age of ten do they still have them i think they do yeah i think they do well there you go they have non-poreals which are little things would be a white the the little chocolates with the white things on them right you've had those no caps yeah think oh that's right they used to be called non-poreals but most people are too illiterate today to understand it so that's not crap that's right snow caps and juju bees and liquorice sticks and popcorn who maybe for the jesus film they'll be licorice whips that could be it wouldn't be nice thing to sell along with it you can get your jesus jews or nails and your uh jesus whips your licorice can flatulate yourself during the movie and then eat it afterwards you can and see there he goes again did you say flatulate yourself no and certainly don't say flatulate yourself okay because god-only knows which you have a mind saying that i think i have an idea don't know what i have in mind here's washed and post the first three editorials i'm gonna read they're all short don't get all panicky now i'm not gonna go into a reading post today although if i feel like that i might okay because i know we got a lot of really good call standing by wqm hello yes sir hello passion and christ the one place i'm not gonna go see it is out that time or action you citizen discount hey good choice okay good choice that people get in april right we don't not want no religious arguments over there like i said religion as a weapon you don't believe it but i guess what man we get the chance the basing the constitution rights the editorial and the wash and post today and it starts off by quoting you know whom it says today i call upon the congress to promptly pass and send to the states for ratification and amendment to our constitution defining and protecting marriages a union of a man and a woman is husband and wife with these words president bush abandoned the constitution of election year politics until yesterday he had said he believed in defending traditional marriage and would support a constitutional amendment if necessary but only if there were no other way to prevent charges from forcing gay marriage on an unwilling american public now mr. bush's abandoned nuance a federal definition of marriage which has been governed primarily by state law since the beginning will prevent any state whatever the views of its residence from recognizing the equality and legitimacy of same sex marriages the president's explanation of his reversal is unconvincing the supreme judicial court of mass attucity noted will order the issue once of marriage licenses to applicants of the same gender in may of this year and in san francisco city officials have issued thousands of marriage licenses the people of the same gender contrary to the California family code as is one county in nomexico all true and all controversial we believe that extending the benefits and responsibilities emerged the same sex couples will be fair and beneficial we understand that many mercensely otherwise but whatever one thinks of the mass attucity's courts of the san francisco mayor there is no evidence that state political systems are incapable of responding why can't california be trusted to sort out the situation in san francisco and mass attucity legislators and voters to address whatever deficiencies they find in their own courts rulings and if down the road the voters of some state after illegal illegal regime different than the favored by mr bush why should the constitution impede their democratic choice the federal defense of marriage act already guarantees that no state has to recognize the same sex union performed in another state mr bush justified is resort to the constitutional process yesterday by worrying that there is nowhere assurance that the defensive marriage act will not itself be struck down by activist courts that's the rapper to phrase again activist courts perhaps not but it is reckless to set about a meeting the constitution to ensure victory in court cases that have any had been filed the president closed his endorsement of the amendment by insisting that our government should respect every person and requesting that americans conduct a difficult to make a no matter worthy of our country with kindness and goodwill and decency in the context of a divisive proposal this request didn't just ring hollow it claimed said the Washington Post editorial today claimed it was a clinker or clanger clunker that's the round the new buzzword first of all they start with the argument oh well you know how about polygamy and group marriage that's going to be next and a few activist judges that's what they like to use activist judges tell any ask you this what about those activist judges on the Supreme Court back in 2000 who said stop the vote stop the count yeah what about them they I guess they don't count they're only act that only when their actions are to the far right then they're good judges those activist judges you brought up polygamy who are they to point a finger in the condemn it the Bible condons it right that's right the Bible says yeah and back in biblical days they all had a whole bunch of wives that's what they did stand so let's all move to Utah on as well as speaking to Utah they show boy talk about an asshole man dick chainy wow they must have shown it a whole bunch of times yesterday but third man the clip from mother debate back in 19 and I back in 2000 before the election I think it was on CNN and they asked in the question about gay marriage and civil unions in the SNAT and his answer was very very Attimate with his gay daughter in mind I'm sure and that is that any two people to want to enter in any kind of relationship that's their business and the government has no business sticking their nose into it and leave people alone and let them live happily ever after that is the essence basically what he said now of course There are a couple of months ago knowing that this was coming down to pike anyway he says oh well whatever the president proposes I'm all for it I'm goose step and right in a line because I'm the one pulling the strings anyway and then of course they're decrying that website with the milk carton that we talked about yesterday it's come Mary chainy's picture on it say have you seen this woman? I think it's really great Hey Mary come out against sweetheart it's okay come out and she ain't speaking Mary chainy the bike who by the way has been living with a partner for many many years a female partner and also has been seen wearing on her finger on that ring finger a gold wedding band Oh my god well that's right just a ring that's right That could just a ring so something give Mary a ring got it out of crack again by she's got ring around a collar 1056 and 560 WCM the word is hypocrisy what we're looking for man is the religious right wingers the Jesus Christ is are just forming it about their rabbit just like William Donnie who they're the President of Catalyclic they're rabbit they're they're going nuts now because they see here's their opportunity Not a like put into law like put it and put it pretty soon I mean if they had their way That we just called off all the elections everybody would have to believe what they do because like this preacher on Larry King last night was pointing out well that Christians this and Christians that's so evidently if you're not a Christian You don't believe us he does then you're not part of America which it seems to me we already heard that once before From higher authorities in this country 1057 at 560 WCM and thank you. Remember Tony Blair was the only one who included atheists when he made that Speech yes I do after 911 and fortunately I'll present to y'all he knows is a Jews and Christians and one or two Muslims in Dearborn because he wants their vote Hey if you're on one of those low carb diets They're not easy to stick with why you know in the beginning it sounds great meat and cheese and Seafood butter all that good stuff the only problem is that after about 45 pounds of meat and cheese and butter and eggs It gets a little bit on the old side not to exciting so the lies of West Book have got a good idea And that is to give you with Zidians of product in fact over a thousand stock low carb sugar free That you didn't have some taste with some fun some enjoyment to keep you on your low a carb diet They got breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies Chuckets ice cream pasta sauces ketchup cheesecakes and lots more at Delights of West Book you'll find a whine a selection anywhere You're open every day seven days week from 10 an a.m. to 10 p.m. and you can always sample anything the story before you buy it And find out that hey, maybe I don't like this they carry a complete line of acting brands product more than anybody else that around sale today Next sockets on and today on I was gonna say ass Wednesday like today. All day every day ass Wednesday you know the low carb diet is rated number one so head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world It's the lights of West Book are right in our backyard on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 x to Boston market or call them toll free at 1 877 L O W C A R B that's low carb Run away with slow carb calm don't forget there's only one delights of West Book is your official Atkins retail center watch your step walking in please And do I like that tonight on Fox News it's Kennedy and what's his name? starring Sean Hannity and some honey looking who fall with below pad hair Sean I really think I'm great Sorry for got your name again whether you're on the right like Sean Hannity or on the left like that other geek Watch have a thing and what's his name with calls from viewers like you yes call you're on the air You have a question for me. Oh Sean my question is for uh who's his face come again? You mean what's his name It's the best thing on cable news don't believe it just listen to what Hannity and what's his name I'm saying about Hannity and what's his name? I'm Sean Hannity inviting you to tune in every week night for what's I agree with you there Sean pie my name is I'll be on here partner. Oh I don't know buddy and apparently neither does anyone else on earth Or insight you can't ignore from names you can't forget except for the one you can't remember See I'm at again what's his name only on Fox News It's 1103 at 560 WM let's take a few could these kids before did they got the mad dog a two gym manage You got the Hebrew hammer for clock the snap no How per hand can go bird that was seven o'clock path in previous 7 30 night and we're bird along So how do I'm afraid my make believes who are we these staggering these days especially if headbelts were don't play tonight Could be really rough panthers host the Toronto Maple Leafs tonight a At the macarina 10 30 it's any case you're after the honky game in Joe and Mark over night 2 to 5 any old AM Erasment visiting news just in Yeah, Massachusetts Senator John Kerry holds a wide lead over John it words among likely voters next Tuesday Democratic presidential primary The brand new pool just come out today only moments ago and Guess what guess who's approval ratings in the same state over their lowest levels since he came into orifice. I'll give you one guess Good guess oh yeah good guess The nonpartisan field poll release today shows Kerry with 60% support among likely voters Compare with us 19% for Edwards Our representative Dennis Cassinu's got 3% al sharp and 2% 11% are still mulling it over 60 to 19 Hmm It says the California number numbers are mapping the national sentiments of marked the committal directive the field pool This election is like a national election as it comes to each state what happens in Iowa What happens in New Hampshire has an incredible effect including California meanwhile The poll showed bushes approval ratings have taken a marked plunge in the last month All right just 43% of California voters now say the approve of the job he's doing while 51% disapprove in January the numbers were almost reversed 52% say the approve is job and 42% uh-uh But now it's 51-43 again Voted disapproval was high on bushes handling of the budget deficit 67% two-tiered said they disapproved of the job He's doing while only 27% approved a majority also disapproved of his handling of other key are is including illegal immigration Healthcare the economy and the war in Iraq Just 38% say they considered bushery that they could trust while 61% said they had doubts and reservations about them decommel called those figures damning saying voters lack of trust and bush undermined their views of his performance on a wide range of issues It's been shown there are no weapons in Iraq that started Americans thinking can we trust this guy in his word plus the Democrats have been hammering on bush for month and a half With great effect and it's wounding him The poll showed bush losing to both carry and it words and hypothetical manchips carry will be bush 53 to 41% in California That's by 12 points Edwards would defeat him by a margin of 51 to 42 which is nine points How do you like that? So there you go that's a date that's a brand new poll out today the field pool in California 560 we want to take at least 20 30 thousand calls by two o'clock don't worry But while we can't while we still can't that's where I was still can take calls and put them on the air because you know the way things are going You know what I'm saying catch my dress Things ain't doing too good as far as freedoms in America are concerned But you people go out there and see the passion of Jesus Pray to the Lord rub your crucifix rub the beads a little bit make sure you have a couple extra waitpers in your post this week in a church I'll I would say this if the priest hands into you if the priest wants to sickly wait for in your mouth. I wouldn't do that I'll pass so yeah You know I mean In fact just like you see in the movies a lot You know when they try to drug somebody and they stick to pill they pretend that they're taking a pills and then when the person turns the other way like spit them out Spit those waitpers out although I'd be a little bit too late, right and I'll see it again This Sunday if you go to confession make sure that you sit on the right side of the one of they call a confessional booth right now They have names for I guess I guess not They must they have names for everything in the Catholic church. I'm sure they do every aspect of everything bubble my seas But in any way, make sure you sit on the side that the priest used to sit on and force him to sit on the other side and you listen and record whatever he says It'll the comfy cushion at the very least market down WCWM hello Yes, sir. Are you doing all right? All right, I've got that Toronto fan do you know how about it? I've got it. What's the half and when you go I think the police are gonna get their ass there Probably I would say three to one and I can one go against the one go at least I'm really staggering right now They're not playing good. Yeah, the one goes man. You don't fire the one goes the most valuable player in the National hockey league Make no mistake about it the sad part is he plays an encounter Nobody knows who he is and nobody cares That's right. Well, you're right about that room nobody cares about hockey nobody cares about politics or any of that Nobody cares about anything except early bird dinners and freebies man I've been saying that for a hundred years. That's all where's my free lunch? Where's my free dinner? Where's my early bird get out of my way? I'm next online. Yeah, you got that right bro Full of schwarf. All right, you have a good one. Yeah, it's full of schwarfs It's and old Jews and Cubans 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That was an excellent call. I like that a lot look at this in less than an hour of power 412 votes on air holy Toledo to be alienating others Yeah, he's everything. Yeah, oh, there's that bitch Merrill and musgrares to know for sure that our president stands for the definition of marriage I seriously would like to take a shoe and stuff it right up her ass representative Republican Colorado Merrill and Musgrave She's the one that did the wording on this so-called constitutional amendment. She is so homophobic man that it's there's like a piercing in her nose 412 votes Where do you stand on the proposal to have a constitutional amendment because our president? They says this is important. Well, all these people out of work with people with no healthcare with kids dying and a rack every day All the things that were worried about in this country would jobs being like a outsourced overseas So that the big corporations can increase their profits and rate the public He's got to be word and I see there are two things that they're doing Changing the subject and pandering to the ultra right wing and like I said the pandering the ultra right wing is gonna blow up Right near posts because moderate people see the one good thing the only saving grace That we got going still in America is that the majority of people are not religious phonetics. Thank you Right, I know that comes as a great shock to the religionist the Jesus Christ is the one who wants to push in Jesus down everybody's throat Well, I'll pass oh not interested Believe in whatever crappy ones just don't you know don't use it as a weapon Well, guess what and don't try to impose it on my fan asked that's every simple The word is intolerance. This is what religious fanatics with the orthodox Jews the fanatical Muslims The Mel Gibson like Catholics when you'm down here They want to shove their religion down your throat for your own good you're I because they want to show you the way they want to save you like all these Getskeys running around house dust putting these things on the door to promote this movie It's it's no different than if they came around promoting the latest Disney movie, but they love you. I see well guess what What not back at him or just can this gangridge from the human rights camp Change people's attention on the falling poll numbers on the deficit on the lack of jobs that have been pretty I forgot about new king reaches his daughter season. I don't want to yesterday Another way you know that yeah, I didn't know that you did I thought too bad I forgot about it and of course Mary Cheney come out wherever you are Mary come on Let's see that what what? Money band on your finger the band of gold even the what's your name free to pain wants to see that baby 420 votes here What's your stand on a constitutional men and crap Bannon game error. I'm all for gaze having to write to Mary 2448 and a percent I don't care about the issue. It's divisive 104. It's bad I agree with bush 56 13.3 percent and I'm against game errors, but against an amendment another 56 13.3 percent 56 is in Q 56 Okay, here's the second of these three at a toils the are times The often liberal but not reliable New York times not always accurate either, but nevertheless good editor of the day putting bias in the constitution With his reelection campaign barely started in his conservative base already demanding tribute President Bush proposes to radically rewrite the constitution The amendment he announced support for yesterday could not only keep gay couples from mirroring as he maintains But it could also threaten the basic legal protections of game-ercans of one-and-recent years It would inject means spirit in this and exclusion of the document embodying our highest principles and aspirations If Mr. Bush had been acting as president yesterday rather than a presidential candidate It would have tried to guide the nation on the divisive question of what rights gamer can have a cross donation elected officials and others have been weighing in on whether they believe gay should be allowed to marry have civil unions adopt visit their partners and hospitals and be free from employment discrimination Except for a throwaway line about proceeding with kindness and goodwill and decency the president speech was a call for taking rights away from gay Americans President Bush's studied unwillingness to talk about the rights gay people do have is especially significant giving the wording of the federal Marriage Amendment now pending in Congress It calls for denying same-sex couples not only marriage, but also its legal incidents It could well be used in the nine gay couples even economic benefits for sure now widely recognized by city states and corporations Such an amendment could radically rule back to rights of millions of Americans It is remarks yesterday President Bush tried to pay the sense of crisis He talked of the highest Massachusetts courts recognition of gay marriage San Francisco official decision to grant marriage licenses to gay couples and a new Mexico county doing the same thing He didn't say the New Mexico attorney general found the gay marriages violate state law that the California Attorney General is asking the California Supreme Court to be used San Francisco's actions and the Massachusetts is considering Amending its state constitution to forever gay marriage the president who believes so strongly in states rights and other context To let the states do their jobs and work out their marriage laws before reserting to a constitutional amendment The Constitution has been amended over the years to bring women blessing young people into full citizenship President Bush's amendment will be the first adopted to stigmatize an excluded group of Americans Poll show that while a majority of Americans oppose gay marriage many would prefer to allow the states to resolve this issue Rather than adopting a constitutional amendment they understand what president Bush does not the Constitution is too important to be folded Spindle or mutilated for political gain Good and a turlant today's New York Times I do say so much 1113 at 560 QAM your Fag Station for the New Millennium 560 560 3-0 yours QAM The all-new FCC approved and TV We cleaned up our act in accordance with the project for a new Americans entry The Russian Daily Carson Daily You're out of here We got a brand new MTV DJ by digging up the body of Snoopy Lansing Hey, Snoopy! You're out! Oh well, that didn't work out too well So we found someone even less exciting than a dead man We hear new MTV DJ Terry Smith Oh, I'm Harry Smith During the night before the reintroduction of the internationally famous singing group from Australia The Seeker The Seeker The Seeker The Seeker Are in continuation of starting tonight How did you at see seeing a flu at her TV Or at the TV This has been working in a KTU's promotion in a micro power I'm certainly a volunteer volunteer for the American entertainment I'm currently in a special fight with the whole TV Oh, 1118 It's coming soon to a TV sitting there you And of course cable is going to be a band We're not going to watch any of that certainly no more playboy TV Right, in fact if we want to be really keep your finger real real close This is probably the last time I see Why? That's the last time we're going to hear the audio from Playboy TV on issue I guarantee that kids No way Jose Everything is going to be sanitized and clean up Because you're right, it's the culture wars baby Papy can't it was right, it just come 12 years to late Or 12 years to soon The culture wars between a fanatic or religious goody two shoes have a grits The finger pointers like fathers, tool, and all those And the rest of us are just one of the very very low and do whatever the how we want Oh, yeah, we know when's that political going to get started And group group marriages and all that stuff Oh please please cracker please Here's a whole bunch of stuff about James Patrick Kavazel Am I pronouncing his name right or not Cheve what that who cares what do we know No, oh Grow up in a tight knit Catholic family Well, thank the Lord praise the Lord Three sisters and Amy and Aaron and one brother So it's a five kid family Not as much as the Pope would like but it's not too bad for Catholic family Let's end our it There's still probably working on it Men is wife Carrie on a blind date in 1993 she's a high school English teacher Let's see played basketball in college But took up acting after injuring his father's very injury prone Heard his shoulder during the filming of the passion With struck by lightning during the filming of the passion His injury prone He refused to film a love scene with on-screen wife Ashley Judd for their film He high crimes in 2002 the idea of possible nudity Conflicted with Jim's personal beliefs based on his strong Catholic faith and of course The idea that they're that you're naked when you're baptized That's a whole different story And even if you're adult and you're converting You still have to be naked when they baptize Oh, that's only in your faith, mister No, it's in the Catholic faith, mister Oh the baby that baby in an oddly poetic coincidence Who is struck by what we just got through a sandman I'm about a hundred feet away from them shooting And our glance over and see smoke coming out of Jim a cabasil That dumb ears when he got hit by lightning And then of course they embellished and said he got hit by lightning three times To make it seem very you know, oh my goodness, it's a movie about Jesus Well, then why did I try to kill the guy? Well, he did it to Jesus why not Jim cabasil What the hell do you ever do for your people kill Jesus? Remember? No, so at least a Christchannel That's gonna be our full tomorrow. What's worse being a Christchannel Yeah, which is worse? And of course the Indians have it to be Jewish, oh boy 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Marital Son Guys, what we want to hear from you here from a Jewish Indian before the show is over today There's gotta be chief Solomon Sue WQM hello Yes, you're welcome, I'll check that the gate killed Jesus Oh, I forgot about that Okay, thank you 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line Not that it was Greg Reed killed Jesus, but that's what I read Well, what's with this phone today man? I'll tell you they're not foaming at the mouth like they had been Maybe they're all under way to the movies, they're bringing their Jesus' juice in their popcorn Their jiu-jiu bees Maybe they're on the way to Tamarack, what do you say? Oh, I know WQM hello Hey, I look at it like this, as a Jew, if you did kill Christ, all these goiems can thank us Nothing, I'm not gonna say anything How many times I've said that? Sorry, I'm not gonna say that Don't do it again, okay, stop being so defensive There's one thing I can't stand, it's defensive Jews Oh look at all those Jews, the cut Einstein, yeah, stop the stop trying to You don't have to apologize to anybody for who you are or what you are, okay I hate people who want to play that game, oh it just meant nauseates me Remember when we used to get those jerks, facts is putting all of that other traits stuff And I hate that garbage You don't have to apologize to anybody else for whatever fairy tales you see with me the whole thing is just dietary Looks where else could it be? Now, I know. I know. We've tried everything under the sun, I don't know Is there anything created we can come up with for that? Lots of things, we could have an hour long discussion about what to replace that with Yeah, well maybe we will, the P word, how about just plain P? Well, because that means something else. No, it can mean something else. What? Don't think you're in Well, you can say pissed off, can you? Are you sure? Right now not. Of course, okay, you can't use it as a verb P pissed off, it's me fired up when I hear someone say that See, it's a verb a little bit of a shock, it's a good thing we're having this discussion today Right, because you haven't got to clue that was a verb you were wrong What? P pissed off is a verb. No, it's not. It's an adjective It's to describe describes a state of mind He said, oh, William B. Williams, you got it? Yeah, got it Why do you say nobody knows who these people are? You're wrong Okay Where do you think most of the old, the top order from besides Cuba? Where else do you think there's these second Boys, right, New York and where do you see on this list so far you got that Ingram you got Jean Shepherd, Boba Lewis, Scott Munney, her boss, Madison, cousin, Bruce Lee And unless you're from New York What? You don't care That's not true Because back in the day, okay, I'm probably that stuff I'm not lying in the local, you're sports ready in a 562. A UAM He will give in his record and given what his got He's not? Why? Heaven help us. WQAM hello Yeah Yes sir Over here, speaking Yeah Yeah I just got through saying him, did you invite me to put him on there I was Josh Maldut, J.P. McCarthy, what happened to J.P.P? He said the fact that he died and he still got Bruce spelled B.U.R.G Come on, let's go, let's get what, let's slap him up on the side of the head a couple of times Let's go, this isn't rocket science I mean, it's not like the votes are pouring in here like I'm taking eight million calls Let's see, Alan Fried Wolfman Jack Jean's big Wilson was in South Florida, see And our lifetime But Wolfman Jack, keep it long gone there Don't we have a Wolfman Jack bit? I thought we did something What did he, um, because then he did Clark and KC KC about that all of them hosted The National Center show at some point where they played some music That's a much national broadcast, but like a service you played the day We're not talking about that, we're talking about people, I mean if you listen to Dick Clark and Philly Which I don't even know who he was on I don't know if he had his own radio show, I'm assuming he did And KC KCam I guess we, I would say I left, and we play that one, he's got all the creeps in it, right? Now we're up to our lawn distance dedication Yeah, it's got all the creeps, so we put them in there Who? Dick Clark KC KC took care of the sheriff He could take money right after watching Pulling for Copa by last night Ro an abandoned man What have fashioned he is? Could I close it up? Yeah, now let her, okay, give her get out of here, because her And then of course Charlton Heston Wow, that was just attacking with the antis tanto you son of a, yeah. Racist, miserable obnoxious piece of turd. Just, uh, oh, disgusting. And of course the best part of it is and shows their might be actually a guy. No, God. He's got Alzheimer's now. He probably forgot who the hell Michael Moore was much less the interview. How many QAIM hello? Yeah, speaking. Speaking. Do you? Yes. Uh, how about John Colenius's rocket ship show how to pose? And of course the best part of it is and shows their might be actually a guy. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, great ball of the fire. Uh-huh. And then he's got Alzheimer's now. He probably forgot who the hell Michael Moore was, much less the interview. How about the QAIM hello? Yeah. Speaking. Yes. How about John Colenius's rocket ship show how to pose up yet? Who? John Colenius's in? John Colenius's in the one that got out. That's your trouble with yet see, see, see when he uh, put on that Jerry Lea Lewis hit, uh, uh, great ball of the fire. Uh-huh. And, uh, Luzzy, he was at our time to hear just 60, right? Yes, sir. Yeah. I am too, Nick. He was, uh, Jacko Anderson. Yeah. Jacko Anderson. Okay. You got a man thanks. Put him on there. I have a. Jacko Anderson. John Colenius's in the one that got out. That's your trouble with yet see, see when he, uh, put on that Jerry Lea Lewis hit, uh, uh, uh, they both the fire. Uh-huh. And, uh, Luzzy, he was at our time to hear just 60, right? Yes, sir. Yeah. I am too, Nick. He was, uh, Jacko Anderson. Yeah. Jacko Anderson. Okay. You got a man thanks. Put him on there. I have no idea what that is. But again, why should I know who these people are and I have a little bit of an office? No. That's the point. Don't send your stand. Sure. How about this flight that the flight to Japan to talk to you yesterday? He in San Angelotenses speaking. Please, please try this on for size. What? The position was a valid survival mechanism that the pre-DB. Yeah, right. 560560 pound 560 on the 18 day. Try it on for size. You're a Jessica's actual, uh, uh, uh, uh, and it's a little on the loose side. WCQA, and hello. Get the on D. Take the on D. Okay. Go on. That was guilty. Take the on D. The on D. I. Can you handle that. I mean, what do I have to scroll all these? God, we don't know who they are. You don't know who's it. The on D. I. Is or was. You used to be a WWE WCQA, but I want to Chicago. I hear you say these names like the hardest drivers, you know, the all these. No, no, no, no, not like hardest drivers. That's, that's obscure. These are well known radio personalities. Years, well, I was going to say you're in a radio business, but of course, never be a real straightside, apologize. Okay. You've never been in a radio business. At least not in my, low-key business. Yeah. I mean, he's QA in a radio business. No. Not even close. Not even close. But we do have our online app of all local shows, at least until, oh, whatever, at least during a week, right? D. Diddle. We don't have any piped-in garbage, except me piped-in from Toronto, but nonetheless, I'm talking about, out of town in, in Veders. People who are syndicated in 80 million stations who have no idea where to hell of find you people. I know where to find you, and I know Lana. Other than South Florida, who's your all-time favorite radio person now, the Crescent Brucey, 21, Wolf Man, Jack's going to pass him like he's standing still, baby. 21. Just went on, or he's got 21. Dick, 10 people like Dick. Gene Shepherd 9, Guilillamo, Marcone, his show is fantastic. 9, big and Italy, big of a Vatican. Larry Lujek, 7, Scott, nearly seven Bob Collins, full, where you'll be willing to form or decay four, then, England, three. You see this thing starting to take a little shape now, man. 100, 11 votes. You see that? Yes, it. Casey, case in three, Bill Bailey, two. Alan Berg, we've finally got this spell and I don't know, he probably don't carry still dead. 2, Dick Clark, 2. 2 people like Dick. Oh, God. Do I hate him now, like poison? Anybody who watches, uh, voting for Columbine, just take Dick Clark, like Harry Harrison, one Bob Lewis, one Bob Aloo, Artiginsburg, one Charles, like a Dera one, and the brother wee, the brother wee, have been to E.R. I, S Z, how about W E E, Z E, W E Z E, wee, W E, Ä, That, not Weights, Brother Weiss may then lookTr suggested, snack him on the side of the head of the gigantic basement man, maybe with a giant incident a la, like the. Yeah. You know what he wanted? rush has got there on our website. That's the guy, sir. No votes yet why so we is saving McCarthy Martin block Bruce Bradley, Jack O'Henerson also misspelled, Alan Fried, Joel Sebastian Lee Allen, Farney Pipp or Dick Beyonde. I spelled it for your right here on here. ViO and Di. Beyonde. ViO and Di. ViO and Di. Got it? We got it. ViO and Di. I got it. I got it. God. I got these two guys here to prove it. What? I'm not selling these. Oh Josh is doing these. I can say Josh is right. Being typed directly onto the website, if I copy it and then he copies it and then it goes to the window. That's three. I'm not only going to know what kind of mistake I have in it. Come with you, I am hello. Hello. Yes sir. Is this the radio? This is the radio station. Yes, WQAM. Oh, the deal, how you doing? Pretty good. I am just wanted to comment. Yeah. The... Have you mouthful here going during the presidential race as good and I'll tell you why? Yeah. I think once the Democratic nominee settled. Yeah. Is this a radio? Sounds like you to me. It's a radio. WQAM. Hey, listen, I'm sorry. Now, once it settled, I think that's just going to start talking more moderately. Either carry your Edwards and more moderately. Yeah, you know, they're just going to tone it down and... Okay, well, tone it down pal. Get out of here. We're going to tone it down and... Can I ask you a question? All right. Is this the radio? No, no, no, no. It's not going to be that low. It's not going to be that low, but it's going to be that low. But it's going to be that low. Hey, listen, we got our own local lineup. We got the Mad Dog at 2, we got the Humphrey Chulos at 4. That's a Hebrew hang hammer. Another Hebrew hammer to you. 4 to 6. I heard Hank in the clearance. Yuckin' it up together on Friday afternoon. I was sitting here and doing a little work and I potted it up and they were like doing a little... Yeah. I'm only in a hand drive. That was... Yeah. That's what they were doing. 6. 30. Panther, pre-do. 7 o'clock. Any K-10 into one mark overnight. But away, any balfour is not playing on against Carolina. He's just got a little... ...back problem and it's just... they lie so much, you know. But I mentioned at River Kids sucks. If your carpets look like garbage right now, they even maybe smell not too sanitary. It's time to do something about it. That's right. Call my good friends a dry concept. You know, twice raffered is during a real typical QM saleshold. For a little while, there he actually had a little bit of promise, you know. And now he's just a... ...do nothing to panic. I kind of like to interact. Just refuses to do anything. You better talk to somebody else about getting your short-tip with it. You're not connecting because tobble in a tarliver do it. All right. Just like you're never going to get me any copy. We'll never find out about Katrina. We'll never get any answers to anything because Troy's too busy. You know, chasing after a tail. Anyway, dry concepts are the best of the business and bringing your carpets back to life. Looking brand new. I've been using them in my houses. How is this? Throw the whole thing. And you ought to be doing the same. What? How is this? I said, I said, we've got to make you an accident. That's not coming out. I was about going to the hills. Anyway, they use only certified train technicians who will drag clean your carpets. Just like the same idea is directly into your clothing. Nobody else in a world does it, which is exactly the reason that nobody else can give you such great results. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job. No scams. That'll let Perrum ballooning. No games. No riff off. Just a fantastic, unbeatable job every time. Your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell them. You'll be amazed. You'd never dream of calling anybody else again. And when you call drive concepts, be sure to ask them and put you understand by list, which can save you an extra 15% off the already low price on that next car for cleaning. Call them today. You'll thank me for returning onto these folks. They're the best in the world. Call drive concepts. Tool free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Or if you want more info check them on the web at www.driveconcepts.com. And low. This is 4-3-5-6-6. You're the only one you can. You. Yeah. I gave you another back of me. You know what I said when I drove off that truck on the road. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. You can put power to a degree for removal of the system. 11. 22. Where did you find this QMDJ thing? This is from 100 years ago. Well, Boca Bride said that to me. Affirgers. But this is cute. Look at his tent card. Leisure would. Charlie Murdoch, Jim Dunlang. Remember Jim Dunlang? I do. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. Oh, nobody's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. He's a tiger. Oh, see. Wow. From what year I wonder is this? We don't know. I'm sure it's the mid-60s, mid-80s, mid-80s. Well, look at the songs that are on. This is the QMDJs on the hit list. Wouldn't trade by the bachelor's and ever heard that. Feel fine. The Beatles, the life of all the old days. What? The kings are on here all day all day. All day all night. SLX6465. As years go by, Mary and Faithful, Mr. Lonely Bobb even, the Polish prince. Roses are red. Well, it says right there. 65. You're right. Where does this say up or right, in quarter? Oh, yeah. The newer two 65. Beginning January 2, 1965. Thirty five, thirty nine years ago. And Rich Rostogo is strong. The lie, I am not. But he liked that. Nice going Rick hanging there, maybe. By the way, magic sucks. But in Rick knows that. Rick knows that. Hamilton guy. Got Bob Hamilton. You have a sentence that's on a bus to Hamilton. I go down and pick your him for a Hamilton. The fourth. A rose in a baby, Ruth. Gene Pitney. Gotta be strong. Varsher liked Gene Pitney. A lot. Supremes. Come see about me. Love post number nine by the searchers. Jan and Dean sidewalk servant. A little off key, of course. Happy by my good friends. Steve Alamo from Rochester or Buffalo. Where it was from. Uh, Dan Stan Stan, to be fourth. How much is play that? I got it. Look at his dance dance dance by the beach boys and down after that run run run by the gestures. I never heard the gesture. Do you? No. The king's you got me. The king's. I'll be there jury in a pacemakers. Chadden Jeremy willow weep for me. I'm capital records no less. Come come come. I'll be able to buzz. So we can't say them anymore. Except they gone gone. No, it nets out when it's gone gone gone. Moses a bad copy. Perfect. I didn't do it on purpose. All the way will again come. Come come the wedding. And a whole bunch. What? Girl for give is by burning that Castro. Not a sofa girl. So full of what? The sofa queen queen. I guess that's going to be the new bed. Sofa queen. Right. Speaking of queens, San Francisco to resume game marriages. They'll keep handing him out to gave couples. The city's mayor said he'd finally pressed out of the controversial policy that is dividing Americans. Nearly 3,300 same. Six marriages have been performed already. And they're still performing it. In fact, state attorney general Gillac Yeron of California said it may be buffed. Garnell, a government Arnold Schwarzenegger's demand. That he force an end of San Francisco same sex marriages calling the director political rhetoric. The governor can direct the highway patrol. It can direct the next terminator formal VFU chooses. But he can't direct the attorney general. The way he's attempting to do lock you said. The governor said that Schwarzenegger's written direct it was a statement designed for consumption at the Republican convention. In a fast Friday night to the home of Alachia, a governor wrote, I hereby direct you to take immediate steps to obtain a definitive judicial resolution of this controversy. The message also said that San Francisco's actions to wedgate couple present an imminent risk to civil order. Right. Lock your call that statement preposterous and send it to kind of exaggerated hot weather that risk during people up to commit hate crimes. The governor was under yesterday of course, like I said before on the nighter and was equally ludicrous. And when he brought up that thing about Warren Snatchesville, make 20 year residents eligible to run for president. All was him. If you will support me, of course, I would run. If you would support me. Come on. Are we really that stupid in America? Are we really that dumb already? Scary man. It's a scary. That's why we're taking this one last gas today. This throwback to radio back when your radio was worth something. Worth more than a dime. I'm but you ain't worth more than a dime. Not third man. Isn't right now. And then I tell you, will man Jack with past cousin Lucy like his hairpiece flew off. Other than soft Florida people who is your all-time favorite radio personality, will man Jack 34. He would not have a song done about him by the guess who. We knew that would happen. Somebody's hurt of him. Cousin, Bruce E. 24, Jean, chair for 12, Gulyelo, Marconi's doing well. He's got 11. He'll be out tonight to eight. You go go go go. Dick pertinent. Scott Munny, ten little puny Scott Munny. Wouldn't be William Zayt Larry Lou Jack eight. Okay, let me ask you this. You heard cousin Bruce E. Obviously. Yes from you. Yeah. Dick pertinent. He's been on the show. Great. We got a dozen people. Larry Lou Jack. You know we play. Lou Jack. Those are the bits that those are the names that I know. They see caseum. Of course caseum. He's not worried the cave. Have you ever heard of Murray Kaufman? Roger. Challenge free from history. Yes, sorry. Yes. Okay. These are national names. Alan Berg in fact you would have won. I mentioned him. No one got shot and killed in Denver. Right. But I didn't know his name. I just knew this guy and done with the catch. Well, Arnie Wu, Ginsburg. Just from you. Boba Lou. JPM McCarthy. You heard of him. The steel murder. 161 votes. Yeah. I'm going to guarantee you. By the time we get to two o'clock today, we'll have a. Won't have our usual phenomenal 800 a thousand votes into a clock. But we'll have enough on there that you would be. You would be like to have by two o'clock when you finished the show. Mr. Okay. When you do your sensational polls on eating ass, which we can't say that it over can't we? Yes, we can. Dalkey's. Right. It's kosher. Sure. No clue. I think there's a 0.560. Pound 560. What are we doing the next time? Couple's contest. We do already have an entry. And you can, I guess they can send some entries right? We can't get out of the. Sure. I don't know if we're going to do it. Still, we can just hang under the pictures and tell me if you want to. You know your pictures. We got a night. A very good one for our next contest contest in the arrages.com. Now, we back on the online or not. I don't know. Aaron, what do you mean you don't know? Well, because I'm not listening on the other day. Well, it might as well be for all the input you're given when these great names come on. Come on. Come on. I did. I came over the guy and done with the cut shot and Mark Odie. Who's doing? Gene Healy. W.I.L.S. and Lansing. I love Gene Healy. Nobody's been there. And how about Eric? Oh. Yeah. And I was his name, Eric O. When I used to listen to great radio, I lived here. So you named all those names. Here's one that says from Mark. I missed the first 45 minutes of your show. Did you mention the announcement that Jigsman's channel will be retiring after the season? Does this mean Jeldy would get to get him finally get away from Mo? Well, first of all, after the season, there might be no season next season. And after that, if there's going to be any path, I think it's highly dubious. So I wouldn't get too carried away. I didn't know that Jigsman's retiring did you? Who? But we just found out. Gene's is, you know, he is what he is. He's okay. I've been a little harsh on the Jigsman's since he came to town. But compared to some of the other compared to a David and boring on those Marlin games. Oh man, Jigsman's is great. Got to boot it out of this town where I'm ceremoniously in two years. They want to Jel-Bullin back big time. We want Jel-Bullin back, baby. I got news for Jigs. You ain't no Jel-Bullin. Believe you me when I tell you that. Let's do some hockey talk. Let's get a rumor on there. What do you say? Okay, I'll call you. Here makes the save. Probably skates buy the fuck underneath them. And go. He said, fuck by the way. Go on, sir. That's not good friend, Dick Irvin, Juni. He's too now. The islanders leading Chicago, Bosse again and Denny Pop that in the third period. Oh no, not Denny's Popman. Spectrum the Rangers still ahead of the flyers, Denny to the ones. Leave Denny to the Federal Iceria. Maloney, wearing it all over the line. I know who that is, of course, the late and not so great Denny Gallivan. How do you have a rated, Montreal and Officer? Senorized area always felt like he was constipated. Let's see, AC, DC, the Dan and Minus is over. You are the all-time great-dog track. The greaseman. Right. Well, let's just put the greaseman. I don't know, though, track took me a second. Right. You know, greaseman Ellie. The greaseman. He only got fine, what about $10 million. He said his run-ins. He said his run-ins were the word police in Washington. So they were able to rip a stuttering John on Howard's firm this morning all morning. Well, that'll get him by one day, where they're going to do tomorrow. See what I'm saying? Rip them again. Well, maybe they're just going to take the easy way out and not talk about it. They're going to pretend they're going to be that. Maybe that's the victim from our Mel. Okay. We could take the easy way out and not talk. Go ahead. They just want to talk about it. But I will, because I think the audience deserves, especially our audience, right to know, the kind of chilling that's going on, chilling. It is chilling. There is no such thing as free speech anymore. And so those of you who want to go out and vote for Bush again, where we all have to give an up all your freedoms and give it up all your choices and have it like four or five companies top up every damn thing in life. Or go ahead or vote for our own NATO and be an idiot again. You people are going out there and vote for anator man. Trust me what I tell you. You have to be putting them in the silence somewhere. Let's get the straight jacket, consistent or that crowd. That would be like people who've been on Michelle Brainer. On Sarah Michelle, she's a sweetheart. I'm sure she is. I'm talking about Pompeo Park now, right? Right. Hey, let's talk about the old drivers. My good friend Dick McCumbra, senior man. He could drive one and Ted Taylor. And a silly pop finger and Tommy Wilburn. So he was a Alex Wingard drove. That rich sent to me and I told you there's been a couple of which you know. The 40th anniversary program from Popo Park and they showed. They showed the leading drivers and trainers from back when they opened a 1964 Pompeo. And voted that bring back some names. It was scary. It was shocking. Frank, a freight terror Alex Wingard. High school on their Dick Fineburg did a good job. If you're looking for some excitement, this is a place to get out to. Popo Park racing in poker. Fat Rachel said you who warmed up for your big in the third race. Here for your horse from the regular enjoy. Find dining in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. As you watch the only nighttime horse racing in the entire state of Florida. If poker is your game, then match your skills at Popo Park's fabulous card room. You have to be over the age of 100 to get in though. Live racing in poker takes place five days a week including today. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Live racing begins nightly at 7.05 pm. The second-time poker room is open noon till midnight. Every live racing day including today. Coming up this Friday. I don't think so. Try. I think this is the copy from last week. I do believe. Yeah. Steve Steve both Android both screwed up. Last Friday, Mr. Second Loud on the $125,000 Macbook L. Trotting Series. And this past Saturday, Mr. Second Loud on the $250,000. I'll equip a pacing series and a free prize drawings that were going along with a two. So two, baby, you want their last weekend. But I'm sure there'll be some real good stuff going on this weekend. And I'm sure Troy's dreadful that I was just talking about only moments to go. You know, Troy, I'm sure he'll get us to new copy before the end of the week because this is old and out there. But it's a really steel. And embarrassing Troy, it's kind of like you are sweet already embarrassing, man. Time to get back to the dolphins. Do something that maybe you have a little bit of talent doing because sales worth that in it. Easy to get the pump at a park at just a half mile from both on 95 and the turnpack. And it's like I said featuring free admission and free general parking for your everyday two. For more information to racing schedule if you want to find out by tourist rat for it. Still has this give me a count call pump at a park at 9 7 2 2 1000 or check them out at the web at pompitopark.com. Don't forget the bookroom opens in noon in just a few minutes and continues to midnight. Live racing tonight 705 at prestigious pompito park. 5, and local, the 60's 5, 60's. The rain is over yours. 4, and the blue wind. Give it a shot anymore. 4, and now a day in the life of three Baptists. Hey fellas, let's do something. I feel like doing something. How's about we go shopping with the Kmart? That's a good idea. That's a good idea. Wait a minute. What? We can't. Oh no. Because Kmart's doing a promotion on that there. Hercules movie. Put out by the his name. Alright. Maybe I got it. Well let's go see the lost world that's harassed on some movie. Oh no. That's a cry. I can't. We can't. Because Jeff Goldblum's in that and he used to date Laura Dyer. Oh. Oh. Oh there. Look, there's always a baseball game. I like baseball too. I like it. What? What? What? What? Because you only game on is the Yankee game. Yeah so the Sambrader didn't do nothing. Yeah but they're playing the Angel. This man can't do. Well hey let's watch some TV. And NBC's got third rock from the sun. NBC's our idol who watches. We can watch it. Yeah. We can. We can. We can. The third rock star John Liffgau who was in that butloose movie with Kevin Bacon. It was in that marital street movie. The river wild and marital was in self wood with chair and Kurt Russell and Kurt was in. The computer war tennis shoes. This name. We can't. Hey hey look at here in the paper. Blue Perry sign on a graph down at the record store. We can. We can. The group was in the fifth element with Bruce Willis who was in that hard too. John Amos from good times who used to live next door to Calvin Klein. Oh. Yep. Oh. Looks like it's delivering again. Rage! Rage! Oh yeah. Come on. Still. I know. Miguel will be in this week because he's busy practicing for one Wednesday to see the passion of Christ. He's passionate about Jesus. Passion about it. Is he really? No. Figures. Anyway, speaking of the FCC business and the excuse that Michael Paul and all these other right wing Nazis are making out that they're a crack and down. Most Americans think the exposure agenda Jackson's right breast, booby, during the Super Bowl halftime show was crashed but few believe it's a federal case. This is going to be a and p. And associated press pull on 54% of those surveys and they thought that the act in which singer Justin Tinkerbell snatched off part of Jackson's boosty and revealed her breast of millions of TV viewers was in bad taste. 54% thought it was in bad taste which means the other 46 thought it was in good taste. Don't say it. Only 18% thought it was in illegal act which means 82% of America thought it was not an illegal act and it was no big timis. The FCC is investigating whether the broadcast violated federal and decency laws. According to the poll conducted by the APP for the APP by Epsoles Public Affairs, the FCC ought to spend its time on other things. Nearly 80% of respondents said it's a waste of money to investigate. I can see our parents were to want their children to see it's a day and a foster, a 50-year-old resident of Nicholas County in the blood foster and a central part of Kentucky. But investigations are waste of money. Sure it wasn't very nice but they're using our tax money for this. Holy cow! Recent polling found a solid majority about three-fourths who say they would support strict rules on nudity and sexual content or regular TV channels. Regular TV channels. Not cable. I guess I should probably read that thing again every day. Every day. It's scary. Almost half of young adults between the ages of 18 and 29 said the Jackson is in a wasneed or illegal or in bad taste. They thought it tasted pretty good. They liked it. Tasty. Right. All of it is pretty frightening to think that a little more than half 18 to 20 was must have said the opposite. I was terrible. I'll do that again. Because we can see it on the elsewhere side anyway. Along with the very nude Alyssa Milano. Right? I mean forget about that thing. We got more and more of that going on. On your rages.com. Then you can shake your lime. Right. We got the W Rippen Hillies thing off. And you got Russian serving. Again, if you enormous. Suppositories. Oh. God only knows where he's sticking out. It's therapeutic. It's an end. Don't forget that last supper thing. That's a beautiful thing to man. Our website is so good right now. And you have Eric as thank for it. I'm going Eric. It's quite a moving in all the other important things that you have to do. He is the best. This week. Tamerack movie theater. Super not having security to control on really retirees. The signs on the box office window of the Tamerack cinema five. Import customers not to bang on the glass or make crude comments to employees about ticket prices. Well, what's the Delhi? In sunrise where they have security guards because the old Jews go there every Sunday. Puppernick's. No, no, no. It's not a restaurant. It's a Delhi. Oh, what else in the place? It was a sponsor. What's the pun on time? Oh, my goodness. I can't believe I forgot in the name of that. And if you could see they got like 15 ankle per our medicine working there because the old people are pushing them push cards and not going to each other down and just go crazy in there. Oh, wow. It's a Jew jam in there on a weekend. It's unbelievable. Anyway. You don't remember that place? No. The this kind movie theater in Tamerack. The manager described as Patrons as the worst. He's ever dealt with saying they're filthy, remarkably employees and tears. And you wonder why Wolfies went out of business? The offending movie goers aren't the teenagers. Typically, found milling outside theaters across the country. They're senior citizens from the retirement communities surrounding the theater. I'm like, nah, bro, that volatile combination of retirees and unruly behavior recently thrushed the theater in the middle of a nationally televised manslaughter case. Now the movie theater is owner and property manager. Find themselves locked in a lawsuit over what they should be healthy. They should be responsible for possibly millions of dollars for retiree Irving Rosenberg's death. Rosenberg's 74 left into a coma shortly after Seymour's show 69 hit him. Cuss him to collapse and slime his head on the ground. Allavaviyakans. Authorities led to the 7-inch skull fracture Rosenberg suffered kill him. 16 days later, never ever 24-2002. The Rosenberg family's attorney maintains the theater chose profit over safety. I've been in a garden or other security in place that night despite some elderly patrons, previous poor behavior and other assorted problems around the theater. The theater's negligence was so egregious that punitive damages are awarded side-bikers sobel the family's attorney. The fact is that elderly patrons do not equate to crime, no violence, sobel said that's a totally false premise. There have been many other incidents involving elderly people in the movie line. In the theater in an applies to this particular act of violence was foreseeable and could have been prevented to the most mineral efforts of the property owners. An attorney for the theater's owners and property manager called the claims against his clients a joke. Kind of a sick joke if you ask me the whole thing. Yeah, because we have a bunch of barbaric old fights. We have seen the citizens in South Florida who behave like a bunch of animals man like a bunch of crazy people. This act George, you went to the movie this week. Oh man. Crazy people. Yeah. In the wrong theater. Oh, oh, oh. I went to wrong theater. This ain't the movie we want to see. So let's go over next door. Of course not war. It's a big discussion. A.K.A. argument. Out loud. While the movie is on. By the way, of course. And if they do stay in the theater, then the busy talking. What did you just say? I can understand the sound. That can be a sound. I can be a loud. Speak more clearly. I love the wife. Don't you love it when they're talking of the screen? Speak more clearly. I can't memorize me of my mother that day in her apartment. I never know what the last time you've been to the movies is. Yeah. But it ain't like it's soft. They ain't like the volume is hard to hear. You know what I mean? As in it's deafening most of the time. Yeah. And still they can't hear it. What is it? Girl's go. I love this. Well, it's good if you're more names on the pool. Okay, because I want to show you a thing or two on his pool. Or so. We'll be there. We'll pan Jack 46. He's running away now. Cousin, Bruce Lee 25. Markone's got 15. Scott Munney 13. Gene Shepherd 12. Pacey Kasem 11. Dick pertinent 11. Larry Dode. Dick's a Lujac 10. Dick Clark 9. Murray the K9. Where'd it be? William's 9. Then in from six Bob Collins six. Alan Bird five. Alan Fried five. For Boston Anderson's 3. JPMC. Two Bill Bailey, two brother Weez, two. Greaseman. Greaseman was on WAP and Jacksonville for about 100 years. Don't remember the Greaseman? I remember the story is about him. WDQM. Hello. Alan Bird five. QM. Hey, what are you doing? Pretty good. How about our Rick's nuts? Rick's. Okay Rick's DES. Can he have a DES? Kett, got it. D, E, E, S, Rick's D. Good work. WQM. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Got a suggestion for your poll. Go ahead. I wish it was somebody in South Florida because I would nominate you. But since I'm not really up the day and I'm a lot of other people that are out there. I'd have to say Scott for else. But he was just in South Florida like only a matter of months ago. Yeah, but he's not here now. No, that's not the question. No, we don't. We just don't want people that worked in South Florida. But I mean, I didn't know Florida. And all of a sudden South Florida under years ago, but we're. And he's a South Florida radio personality sick. There's been someone in South Florida not at all never worked here. Right. That's a hard one. I know. I'll think about it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th. You may make such a good cousin Bruce because nobody knew him from South Florida. The only place these people know it was Scott. Well, they know him from ESPN, but primarily recently from QAM. And like I said, I'm Friday. If you wonder why he got you. Mid-Kana QAM. And now you're starting to see all the stuff in Michael Powell. And you can't say this. And you can't say that we're having to delete like over 100 bits already. And that's just for starters from our VCS. So you won't hear a whole bunch of this. That we won't hear tastes like a penny. No, no, no. I tell you that. No, no. Don't be here. Sofa King. Got it. Yeah. Or that. Or this. Or them. Or these. Or those. Because Michael Powell. He don't like it. Oh, man. Little boy. We're supposed to be in a 560. You, A.M. 1, 2, 3. That's just from our style. Got the watch. 1, 2, 3, you better on us. Yo fuck that, yo fuck that. To my face, I'm on a serving. I'm afraid so pale. Not prepared. All accompanied. Again. I can take phrase is hard. Freedom. Freedom. Re Fantioshenemia. And you're inspired these. I'm in the middle of the room for a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little A conversation going there you go. Everybody else out there by extra girl scout cookies. I'm gonna if you don't like him he didn't like her throw many old dumpster, but go on by extra given me instead of being annoyed when he go to publics and those pain in the S people are see what bothers me Is they get you coming and going if I can see that you go in this supermarket It's like well, we have all time as we can't remember there's so many people going in now we we're sorry, but we you know harassed you going and we're gonna harass you again coming out See what I'm saying I don't like that, but in this case if I were there I'd buy a whole bunchload I would just give Matt to select homeless people and sunrise Or some cheap for all the kids in Tiesk six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line Other than South Florida who is your all-time favorite we're not doing making any in row I think you and I and Josh and And just a three of us I'm not gonna let me any but we'll have to figure out the Alexa con right maybe bokeh Brian and maybe here Well, we can change it every five minutes just like the brothers do keep it fresh and interesting You bit sofa King will be so fa queen right I don't think it would even notice let's say Jean Shepherd now we already got you in Shepherd I just got through reading Jean Shepherd's got 14 votes. Oh, I just got through reading that what about Jean Shepherd? Who did cars go to tell where you'd be William's 10 where the K9 Dan and room 7 chemisabi the grease man 7 five Collins is a seven Allen bird five Allen's in Denver Herboscow Anderson hello again. He's awful three 503 GPN and after that small potatoes only two for bill Bailey That's shocking to me. I guess we don't have too many people from Lulaville Well, we're not Lula don't ever go to waste way parking to leader by only not likely. Somebody QM hello Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna know the name for the lift go ahead Comodonic you from San Francisco from KSA and okay and PX is pretty much the the dad father of a bold I'm sure that I'm ready. All right. Thanks a lot Tom down. You got it. Do I need to tell it for you? What about Tom Clay Tom Clay from Detroit and Paul winner Okay, you're a hospital winner As in some of you all spring lines this is a summer fall winter spring and Paul winner and Tom Clay Two more great Detroit Matt and Detroit you pretty much the the dad father of a bold Undergown that I'm ready. All right. Thanks a lot Tom down. You got it. Do I need to tell it for you? What about Tom Clay Tom Clay from Detroit and Paul winner Okay, you know how to go winner As in some of you all spring lines a summer fall winter spring and Paul winner and Tom Clay to more great Detroit Matt And Detroit used to be the Used to be the epicenter of radio. We're back in a more time-based and then what happened? The riots is 67 See I do agree with Michael more on many many things. I don't want to I don't want to go there. You know And how come you made it so scared of dark people? You know those those little punks, you know your little Cuban friends I would take a very serious baseball back to all of the world. We all problem at all I'd like to put in your heads in like grapefruit this squash and make room for me W2M hello The budget MOTH I'm sorry 560 pound five well have like a thousand names on this list by the end of the day Josh We don't let you do a little something. I have answered a phone. Is there any free food there today? No, Josh brought McDonald's for us this morning really. Yes, well, I'll be damned. Wasn't that nice? I'd he why do they probably trying to kill you Tell us past noon at five 60. Hey listen forget about McDonald's unless you're gonna leave the bun off now when you go to McDonald's since and Burger King I don't know what it did the lights font here. What I don't know I don't mean you go there But I mean just generally speaking What if they have like they call an acnes or a low carb or because they offer like when these have been doing that for a long time But you have to export you don't see it on menu the burgers at can stop would no bun and they'd like wrap it up and would like to let us around and they put in the tin foil thing and that's it And then of course subway's got there's a little the rats. I know we don't go to subway either, but it would just be nice if more people would do that When it or not get fat and die who cares? I already am there all right anyway if you liked that please So fan you're one of those low carb sugar free diets Here's the story that you're gonna fall in love with because they're gonna give you the variety to stick with it The lights of was both of the number one low carb store in America more and more Some of it ends our flock in every day because they realized that what's gonna keep on it die the there's the low carb deal is something with some taste Because all of the low carb diets generally speak He doesn't come and do a wife and I would with another day another America's bomb 40 want to you buy the Oxy five companies newest at the medication Oxy one five four people three teenagers Oh Be a little quicker on the day boy Good show We've got the worst dogs in America and work out them down Regicators are showing For some I'm no reason you're buying them I'm using them as coasters What's review of the top three songs on the chat at number three guns and roses is singing sweet count of mine Well, if I had a cow around the house today I have these four words for leave guitar slash in his cohorts stay by hell Number two you are who it is there? No ribbon in a perfect world in a special eat not for you. He reasons you don't speak proper English And a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back By the way, you are driving your Michael bushings instrument call Fraser I won and lose that and a number one George Michael sings he's got a monkey on his back Well, I would imagine it's given a little crowded back But then again you probably don't mind By the way, you're very remarkable shaving instrument call Fraser I won and lose that silly ass here Another dog on the jug the man. Oh, carb gas I thought that's what you got from the low carb guy a lot of gas Oh, I got some bad news Ready Patrick McCirlie, you know can do a hockey player Marty Mcsirlie who will act on over sure on the side of the head Patrick McCirlie one of the most outspoken victims in the clergy sex of you scandal was found dead early Monday and Boston is lawyers said Mcsirlie 29 of victim of the fraught priest John Gagan had been one of the most vocal critics of the Boston arts die since the sex of you scandal first broke two years ago The often appeared at news conferences called by his attorney Mitchell, Gerard Bdion and criticized the arts dice He's for shuffling abusive priests including Gagan between perishes rather than removing them from positions where they would have contact with children Gerard Bdion said he received a call from Boston police early this morning informing him of Sorya died Gerard Bdion wouldn't come in with cause the death saying not all members of his family had yet been notified Patrick McCirlie was the loving son of caring father a hero to victims of 30 sex abuse Bdion said he certainly had a trouble life who is arrested on drug charges in July less than a month after hitting your lead drowned after following him leave me in a Ponson river Boston police wouldn't immediately confirm or sorry's death, but a spokesman said they responded to a call of a body found in the permanent Boston's North End or be Monday morning So there you go nice going father gig and the only problem is here when he paid for it Father gig and he still dead. That's the good news And the public says back here. I'm gonna run out there to see the passion of Christ Which will be a nice job of deflecting talk about the world would talk dogwagonatelle again or Harvard echoes Take the attention to spotlight off all of this crap that's flown up again. Oh, no, we don't care about that We want to go see all about Jesus all the good Catholics go there and rub your rosary beads and take on your schmothas and your miters and your wafer's in your wine have a good time right All these ridiculous fairy tales that the world is just up and obsessed with Here we got a country that's been taken over by a venture born again lunatics right wing fanatics who want to take away every kind of freedom Who I'm imposed on you all other narrow myopic view of life We want to take us back into the dark ages and are doing a very damn good job of it already by the way and anybody in the right mind Once again four more years. Oh, like I said the operative part of that sentence being in the right mind No Shame on you Ralph later you scumbag you in an even as friends destination I had an article in there imploring him don't want a seven and wolf man jack like I told you 66 as in 60 w and vc And we're doing vc I heard of it. Yeah Oh boy how are you just just of course in my life I don't want to start like an old-footied-out even though I am but nevertheless watch him was half of this business Watson what's happened to your radio man that instrument that used to be so enjoyable so much fun so much of companion so much A part of everybody's life And if these Nazis now had their way whatever shows you enjoy forget about over the year on television for on a cable That's where they want to get at next that's where they want to get their claws into next. I got a muscle heavily So this is my couple son of colon Powell who helped us to make this lofty position through search and Polish-gross haters. I'd like to take this moment to talk about the fields that we hear on the radio airways And someday I might even turn the radio on to hear it myself Sorry, I'd like to come this moment on all radio broadcasters of the nuclear channel preparation not adhering to the victims And endowed by the holy ones of the Saudi Bush Royal G who all are the endeavors of life We'll be script naked and medically sewn together by Dr. Laura May beloved to a Jewish child I heard you to stop this this is a fifth field especially paid for right. I don't worry Publicity is I'm that's about movement. I'll speak it out of a filth a listen. Milano is starting naked on our website today She's our featured nude celebrity She looks about nine years old. Oh years old About nine like I said but she's got big boobies for nine year old. I will be right Oh, and here's something that probably most people don't care about I just mentioned this in passing now WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a little pissed off. I just need your guy man. Yeah Why is he sticking his nose again in there and just messing it up for all of the Democrats? He's got a big fat ego is what he's got That's the problem. I feel like putting my hand to the tube and just grab him by the head Okay, good go ahead. WQA and hello QAM Online one which always responds doesn't it? No, like I said. How would I? WQA and hello. Yeah, sir. I got five for you. Okay good Thanks very much for warning us from Kelly Hey, I'm got 42 for your list. Okay, yeah, here's here's my 700 favorite radio Here's the question again other than self-floor radio who is your all-time Favorite radio personality not your five favorites not your 600 favorites not your 30,000 of Favorite, it's not turning man. You're all-time favorite with no S God man Okay, I think I'm gonna stuff doing this all now But it sure is fun. We're looking who's on there Gloria Stefan. We are exactly what you're role talking about curing paralysis Go to his proud. He's proud as between the years. What's that all about? She had that injury She paralyzed no, but I think it was a near miss she had to have her back operated on in a rod It served it since there always that that voting accident by inching know that was the busing accident where the bus I'm gonna stuff doing this all now But it sure is fun. Oh look at who's on there Gloria Stefan We are so exactly what you're role talking about curing paralysis for she's proud. She's proud. He's been between the years What's that all about? She had that injury She paralyzed no, but I think it was a near miss she had to have her back operated on in a rod It served it since there always that that voting accident by inching know that was the busing accident where the bus got hit. Oh That's right for rehab. They do oh Man, there's nothing like we're saying an accident. We're Gloria Stefan. Like accidentally hearing her try to sing It's brutal. WQM hello Hi, me all. Yes, ma'am. A lady. Yes, because So My favorite go right ahead The leader with the heater the popcorn on the Jerry Blabbet Jerry Blabbet that was built at Alph<|sv|> Yes, Phil. Don't feel okay. Thank you. Handle on this now. Yeah, I got you down. Got everything on the control. He's got us down. It's good 560560560 All the guests see everybody knows who all these people are. I never would have an infill at Alph<|sv|> I never heard the guy but I know the name. I do want an alicasm or radio person I understand it means I'm an old funny that he will fart which I am but then the less I'm from the day We're like radio men something We're just we're just clinging right now and you're obviously or we'll be clinging for six and a half years in this station But I'm just talking general but thanks to the FCC thanks to the big corporations to go step in and line real fast See this is the deal nobody's got even in the old days nobody wanted to fight back against So that mean you know infinity would pay the fines as long as they were they could afford him It was like a you know a P and a and a T cup and a pickup But now that that's threatening to like tenfold the fines and also find for each instance See So you have something under they find is in a fence $275,000 and we've played it ten times an hour or seven times an hour that's two million cent on just one hour And so needless to say these people are all ghost step in real real fast because the fascists have taken control It's pathetic and it's happening right in front of everybody's eyes and I'll say it again for the evening at time Whether it's carry or Edwards or Nader any of these people there is God there is nobody who's got to courage to stand up for freedom of speech When it comes in general genera terms. Oh, yeah, fate of a spades a first amendment But when it comes to unpopular speech when it comes to so-called dirty words and pornography and new to the all of these things most many of which if not all of which are very commonplace in a mercy of the world. Oh, no not in the USA Worked to busy killing people Worked to busy with murder and bloodshed Man, that's our hobby See better clean up your act. That's good clean fun that violence W to QA below as long as they're on as you're on the right end W to QA him hello. Yeah, yes, sir. I Sorry about that I misunderstood long John Neville Okay, and is it any B.E.L. You got okay, thanks long John Neville. He was on the air for many many years I'm sure to make it about 100 in New York. He was on W O R. I do believe long John Neville any B.E.L It was a little guy kind of funny looking Kind of like Maddie Bill What about art bill? No art fellas on is he back on I guess he's back on on it. Yeah, he is is he or he? Brian is our bell back on Ha ha ha ha ha I don't know. I sure hope not I think he got screwed it away by some of the little funny creatures from the moon evil spirit at a white right W QA him hello Still Henry was the on in Miami I think okay. Yeah other than soft Florida radio Oh Just keep plugging along okay, just forget about it. Happy to hear him hello Yes, sir. Yes, like speaking Neil please speaking Hi Neil Jean Shepherd especially with a J J He had a radio show yeah, we know who he was thank you I used to play a tapes on K.E.T. where he talked himself is he still talking himself? No Yeah, no, I don't think so busy's did So it's J.E. and why do we care about how you spell it okay? That must have been an art guy again. I'm a chain thing it was Don't ever do that again hard We don't we don't care about spilling what do you mean? Just make about spilling okay? How about Erin spilling that's why we're in radio looks and spilling don't count How about Tracy spilling Wolfman Jackie? Hello, New York? Yes Do they have to be dead? No Because they don't know how I'm gonna ship they were Don I miss is your favorite radio personality? No, just a few dead. Oh Well, how can you tell Come on don't be taken on the I man Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped him as NBC from TV I Mean I mean I It's funny. I woke up this morning and I swear I do South figure Now cover them up or face the rest of me The director of infidel liar infidel liar comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day towards the box office It's up mad all mighty You see dog Like me a fine Wow, well, I think that's your QM-stabbin it Right out there naked is a jib or shall they the QM fraternity? Yeah, what that is? We'll probably say they're like run a naked to the football team That's what we've heard we'll take your word for it WQAM hello Yes, sir, that uh cousin bruce you don't have his own song It was by Forced Yeah, so you know no no no no no no no no no no no no you see you're missing the point that that was a they did they the jingle for cousin brucey Right Yeah, I'm gonna take a two minute song that you actually see right now you're right over them if I was upon it Time I had it yeah That's up here you can get on that WADC website that they still have up up Right, it's still on there. Yeah music radio 77.com right and I also with that I have two other people one run Monday Okay, run along the LUNDIy WIDDIy from the other End of the Country I have the Robert W Morgan Robert W Morgan exactly. Okay. Thanks a lot Kelly Robert W Morgan got it Got it and run along the LUNDIy Can you handle it? So yeah, he had a jingle the four seasons of the thing was like a show open But then a lot of guys had show opens for example. Do we do we still have that in here more moment please? Switching now we don't I was saying that old Joey Reynolds thing Am I nose up meals as your observant esteem song? They are he also have one the four seasons done Joey Reynolds show here that But I was thinking more like a real regular commercial song like clap for the wolf man by the guess who on RCA was thinking that's not like that yet 5-0 what do I know 5-670560 pound 560 on the AT and teen Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir Randy County, Durham Frantic or any drum Remember him now or is he? Detroit I'll look station Or boy I am the black patient Neil and Neil should know Is up there up in the old time okay well, tell him everything in rhyme, Franic did Okay, thanks. I don't put it. I have no idea what he's talking about. I'm sure there was such a person but I he'll know Loo now I ask Neil he might know about it 5-670560 Tom see is one of those things that the punks they don't understand what we're talking about because you can't miss it if you never had it you know right It's like a virgin. It's kind of hard to miss intercourse if you never had it. Oh, I do I say intercourse What I really meant to say was it's hard to miss unless you've ever had it you know it's like it's like a great steak If you ever ate a great steak you can't you can't say you know what you're missing right right if you never put your mouth around a big juicy You don't know what it's like 670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T oh I do I say intercourse sorry What I really meant to say was it's hard to miss unless you've ever had it You know it's like it's like a great steak if you ever ate a great steak You can't you can't see it in a delicious mission right right if you never put your mouth around a big juicy You don't know what it's like 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon where I was lying but you wait Yeah, but you have I'll tell you something you ain't Say was interned to miss unless you were ever had it You know it's like it's like a great steak if you ever ate a great steak You can't you can't see it in a delicious mission right right if you never put your mouth around a big juicy You don't know what it's like 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon where I was lying Yeah, but you have I'll tell you something you ain't Pretty good Judicial be a fall go ahead Symphony sit from what station? I think I'll do it in the next okay. We'll see there like a win Melvin X Melvin and Arne Ginsberg before Okay, thanks a lot pal. Hi, buddy. Symphony said you got it. We got that's SID as insidicate Citadel of in I don't said W2N hello Hey, you know how you doing pretty good hang out a second let me game for your poll But before I give you the name I have a couple of things to talk about regarding the poor cousin Brucey Because priesthood recognized how mentally and emotionally damaging their behavior was They did good ministry they were good other people they were kind compassionate But they had no idea what they were doing to these young men they were abusing Sidesxit It was that era of the sixties most of it took place from the mid sixties to the early eighties and whole atmosphere out there was well It was okay. It was okay to do Catholic priests no longer holds such a permissive you to excess with the young men's these except certainly the atmosphere is not present in the church today The Reverend James J. Skayhill a priest at St Michael's parish in East Longman, O Massachusetts was criticized that Ices were being too lenient with a bruise of priests Rejected these of comments about priest attitude toward the abuse of minors He's saying priests were that lame and is for example a six-legged supposed to email students and inappropriately touching at least one of them Oh not a serious molestation Luther and the serious conduct and transmission of harmful material to a minor said later. County Sheriff Stephanie Sargent keep fault It was really disgusting emails and instant messages. I don't know the definition of cyber sex But he would eat tail things he would want to do and ask the girls to do certain things touch themselves in ways that he wanted We interviewed girls who told us of other girls apparently was very well-like teacher who once he established trust number four We're going to very sexually expose it verbal pictures of what he was doing these girls had mild this teacher Maybe we're even in fact you would it felt special and didn't really bring it to a 21st attention 27 after one at five sixty w So lately you've heard that some clergy hangs with the under eights to the big man with the funny hat Has come to slap every cardinals face a scandal that's feet off John Paul So they're getting awake of call a Bavla leaving kids alone This is because today was the death of radio. They mark calling. Oh, I looked it up and was that's indeed see there Go 20-yomol Scott Munie 19 the grease man 19 Larry Lou Jack 18 Oh Larry Roy the case 17 Dick pertain 16 Danny room 15 Dr. Demenno 14 Dick Clark 14 Pick Dick Bob Collins 12 Alan free 11 would be William 11 50 97 Alan Bird Western P6 Allison Steele's got six Chris Thomas five Rick dies five Charles our laccadera five As opposed to some lack of talents aren't against 4 bill Bailey 4 Steve Galsry her boss grandis and three Dave Maynard 3 from WVZ Tom Donahue 2 George Tucker 2 long John Neville 2 brother weasel 2 and Rochester Bernie Pipp 2 JP McCarthy 2 WJR Detroit boring Martin block one and Bob Lewis has got one Bavalu He's also dead Look at look at the number of people don't have any wow That's terrible Don't you feel bad for them? Of course most of them are probably dead. Who? These people that guys forward 52 votes and Doug Jocco Henderson none Tom Clay Paul winner Paul winner doesn't have any who is a genius He also had a TV show on public television in Detroit. He was he had a beard. He was like a real intellectual Paul winner A genius WXYZ I see you're impressed But George the Hound dog Iran's the hounds around Liel and jury Blabbet Bruce Bradley high-lit Joel Sebastian Ronald Lundy Robert W Morgan symphony sitting Von Ajani there was last that last bunch is all got the big none Shame on you just not are their memories. They ought to each have like one Here's a fastest his Mr. Nader go away you little Schmidt from a county way the left of you Pussets is we run people to get registered and I can't read the rest of this Is it my factor euro no that's that's how cable crowd I see Please register and vote sure for times okay Where was the Democratic candidates gonna be I think carry Edwards myself And you clowns out there don't vote for Panky Canon don't waste your vote again on Ralph later 90 2000 votes in at last election in Florida All we needed was like a few hundred ninety two thousand Assholes oh yeah, well, we believe what he said about that's great, but he ain't got a Chinaman chance Okay, if you want four more years of bush if you want total fascism if you want to take away your TV You're ready on your pop-up poster and by all means vote for Nader and do the same make the same stupid as mistaken WQAM hello QAM Just like the Place of vote go ahead For whiley Will he fill up Chicago WBBM? Yeah, I've only listened to him lately today, so I wasn't sure if anybody said him yet or not You're the first one. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you 560 5056 while he filled this very very famous nobody said him yet all shame on you people and but he did I never heard of them I mean there were a lot of guys who were very famous but that didn't mean they were great, but they had a longjavity You know I'm saying they stuck around a long time show to tour content WQAM hello Neil how are you today pretty good? I have one for the poll. I don't know somebody sad because I just turned in but um with some he's put on there I have only one option Why Something he's heard was a soft floor to radio personality all his life through the question is other than soft floor to radio Who is your all-time favorite radio personality other than soft floor bearing great Okay, you got these now God, oh Now who else and he's when he just said oh man it was somebody that was so obvious and they just slipped by my way Can't leave him off we cannot leave the air until oh brother Oh, Katie K and Pittsburgh How about well Edmund the King is two people how about Jack Wheeler? Huh, okay who I used to do when I working Sarah soda. I used to phone and stuff a Jack Wheeler when I was at Wspv and Sarah soda I would call him up on his overnight show and then I went I'd get to work in a morning and I'd do my morning show when I would tell this stuff back on here He was a funny guy Jack Wheeler also have an early real asshole But then again it's radio and that's what we're famous for is being asshole. Yeah. Why is for it? 20 till two if 560 WQM hey guys last I see this this is unacceptable time I just I can't deal with you Todd wreck was in this morning and it gives me but ain't that it would put him out time You just don't you can't cut it you have no clue You're a salesman like I'm a rocket scientist your salesman like Josh is a open heart surgeon In fact at 2015 this afternoon Josh will be for forming open heart surgery on Todd wreck in the QM Volpan that's open face Sad or scary. No, I heard it was open right film surgery is what I heard and it'd be that'll draw a hell of a crowd I guarantee that some people might come in early to watch that and help Anyway, if you got a measly measly paycheck and you just make enough to rub two nipples together Your salesman like Josh is a open heart surgeon in fact at 2015 this afternoon Josh will be for forming open heart surgery on Todd wreck in the QM Volpan that's open face Sad or scary. No, I heard it was open right film surgery is what I heard and it'd be that'll draw a hell of a crowd I guarantee that some people might come in early to watch that and help Anyway, if you've got a measly Beasley paycheck and you just make enough to rub two nipples together change your life get yourself a career by calling fast train Tool free at 1 866 Fast train because in no time at all they can help you start a brand new high pain computer career and say good body or Shmuck boss in just four short months fast train can really help you get a new high pain computer career and that a man for computer professional is growing like crazy As fast as Todd wreck knows Anyway, if you've got a measly measly paycheck and you just make enough to rub two nipples together change your life get yourself a career by calling fast train Tool free at 1 866 fast train because in no time at all they can help you start a brand new high pain computer career and say good body or Shmuck boss In just four short months fast train can really help you get a new high pain computer career and that a man for computer Professional is growing like crazy As fast as Todd wreck knows So pick up the phone to call fast train tool free 1 866 fast train with seven locations is bought to be a campus near you They offer you job placement financial assistance for guys to qualify with day night and we can classes Noted to stay in a dead end job no more and if you register now you can have that new high pain career by the before it's summers out So calm right now and have a big fan impressive paycheck like everybody else call fast train tool free 1 866 fast train or check them on the web That's the fan company Great as a week after Always met up done Cornell cropping out another celebrity death. I never heard them Who songwriter Bart Howard died? The mind of the moon. Oh, I know the money road Bart Howard he was 88 and he died Complications of the stroke he died Bart Howard. He wrote fly me to the moon. He's dead And don Cornell on the same and within just a matter of hours. I'm thinking Richard Dawson. I don't know why Is that fan to say that? No why why would it be bad? I don't know there were I mean a lot of people like Richard Dawson There were big fans at his and you know he was okay. It was funny on occasion But he had the gigantic ego that stood in the way if you're gonna kinks Sir, I said I think in any course when he tried to make the after oh, yeah, I forgot about that after Ray Coleman's often saw He tried to bring Richard Dawson back on family few kneeway 600 pounds remember Train was wearing those suits that were like about two sizes too small. Oh my goodness Looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass. I'll toss up Sir, I said you can barely talk totally in for Aaron Pretty interesting guy. I thought you're gonna kinks. Sir, I said I said in any course when he tried to make the after Oh, yeah, I forgot about that after Ray Coleman's often saw Right, I think a barely talk totally in for Aaron Pretty interesting guy five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on it But see there I go again reminiscing. Well, this is the day for it This is the final talk themselves And he tried to bring Richard Dawson back on family few kneeway 600 pounds remember Train was wearing those suits that were like about two sizes too small. Oh my goodness Looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up his ass. I'll toss up. Sir Ray said he can barely talk totally in for Aaron Pretty interesting guy five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on it But see there I go again reminiscing. Well, this is the day for it. This is the final tomorrow. We start a whole new chapter In fact tomorrow I know this is not as exciting as maybe used to be you're gonna hear four hours of Yeah, yeah Tap out what we want to say in more code. No They're monitoring man. Are you kidding me the most code police are monitoring right now? How about they don't have the four language police yet Yeah, Q a m hello, buddy. Go Q a m We're coming now a message from physicist Stephen Hawking good morning You may have recently heard rumors about my life Elaine beating me up these rumors are cool Look, Daisy Ben. She has an earlier rise. Look, that knows curday law Where are you? How sure she comes? We tend life you are a classroom full of kids and so students today's lesson will be You talk until you shut up. I'm trying to take a beauty Sorry dear. It won't happen again. It's dinner at professor or I'll show you the steps again Oh no, no, just if the last time he goes me the steps I went down those things like a one hundred and plenty of sounds. Linky you got that right If I hear one more people be deaf Ben, goodness. He's gone. I'm trying to shut up. I'm trying to take a beauty. Sorry dear. It won't happen again. It's dinner at professor or I'll show you the steps again. Oh no Now the steps the last time he goes me the steps. I went down those things like a one hundred and plenty of sounds. Linky You got that right. If I hear one more people be deaf. Ben, goodness. He's gone. But he will be bad David, what did I tell you? When I put my Tylenol P M and Jen roll on over here Sweetie and give Mama some love in I'll leave Jesus the woman as amensaceable safe who will have a slice if anyone is listening to my message Please help me achieve some booze and day hold open chicken of the sea tuna cans Help me Oh, yes, sir. I'd like that a name of the pool go right ahead I'd like that elbow is good from C. H. U. M and Toronto to the pool. How do you spell it? elbow is good B. O. L. I. S. K. A. Okay, that's 10 10 50. 10 50 in Toronto. Okay. Thanks. Hey. Thank you. Got it. B. A. L. S. What have you been? We got it. I'm ready to go ballistic myself. W Q A and hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Hey, Neohamada. Here we do you out of Cleveland. Gary D. Don't remember them. No, number her. But it will put them on there for you though. Thanks a lot. My career is to work. Leave him. But of course he was in Miami so he wouldn't be on our list. I just I just mentioned that to kind of clarify as we're thankfully coming to a close you were right. This is a L. S. Uh, whatever we said. We got it. You got it. I'm ready to go ballistic myself. W Q A and hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Hey Neohamada. Gary D. Out of Cleveland. Gary D. You don't remember them? No, number her. But it will put them on there for you though. Thanks a lot. My career used to work. It's leave him. But of course he was in Miami so he wouldn't be on our list. I just I just mentioned that to kind of clarify as we're thankfully coming to a close you were right. This is a great pull question. Yes, it is. No, there's nothing wrong with a question. Let me manage down a highlight. How's that? Why is there anything for many pull that we asked? We asked one thing. I read the question. Make it very simple. Oh, I got 20 or 30 guys are in there. Then they come up with, uh, you know, didn't he invent that thing that you put in your car so don't get stolen? Yes, he did. The Lou Jack. Murray the K-17, the swinging swaray with Murray the K on Wednesday, 10 10 New York. Like I said, those are the days personality radio. We already are stations. Not this direct. Not this damage. It's like it's like out of a cookie cutter. It's like out of a factory. It's it's it's criminal. And then this balloony with the FCC. Well, you know, if we deregulated even more, it's going to give people better choices. They're right. Right. Right. And I'm going to find 40 million in cash in my mailbox today. Think beyond the nine. Everybody else was pretty teeny and tiny and a whole bunch of things. I thought Christianity was very down. It's really just thing was not for me. No. They held a big convention. Let me in for a drink. I know I feel what I was about to see. Oh, I thought they were speaking in town. They called me by a weane and They sighed and they hugged her. I'd rather live than a with you who's always close by. Speaking time. They got me believed and I thought I can't keep my feet from dying besides, beside them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it was a butterfly. No one said my dick want out loud The Oh, this is hysterical. I just saw from our your close friend Lim's website, an article from the BBC news. Morning sickness that spelled with a U, M O U R N G. Morning sickness is a religion. Brittons are feeding their own egos by indulging in recreational grief for murder children and dead celebrities they've never met. Think tank civitas and wearing charity ribbons, holding silences and joining protest marches all indicated the country was an emotional crisis. The brits have got the schmetz. The authors said that morning sickness was a substitute for religion, which I would say, a rashly good choice. Pile it such a good guy. Yeah, there we go that punch is pilot crap again. Here's some good news finally. It's about time we had something uplifting. Here's something really good. Local black leaders plan teleasti protest is the hero. Bishop Victor T. Curry who generally is a pain in the ass in an idiot. But he's finally doing something worthwhile as opposed to like vision about the new Roger show. Bishop Curry is spearheading a march on teleasti set for next Tuesday that is aimed at changing governor jet bushes policies on the F.C. Workers rights and affirmative action. Marches will protest those issues at the state capital on Tuesday. During a live radio broadcast this week, we carry along with other dignitaries and religious leaders from Dave's black community expressed concerns about pushes policies. Well, it's a little bit late, but better late than ever Victor. The march was intentionally scheduled for the opening day of the state legislative session when the camp will be bustling with legislators and lobbies will also coincide with F.C. testing. And you know what I say, I say F the F.C. That's what I say and F governor was too big fat cow. No, that's okay. Which is a bitter blip the little. No, we don't think we did. Not unless you start putting vows in your man, who better get yourself a vowl transplant? I'm trying to tell you we just had a power glitch. Yeah, that's what I was trying to say. Trying to say with what? That we just had a power out thing. While we back on? Yeah. So what's the problem? Nothing yet. Josh, be to over to head with that deluvial slug or please just one time. Maybe I'm going to go outside the head. 859 votes. I think you're right. We're going to make our 1000. No question. I think we can do it. WQM, hello. I don't think we're going to get any bad lines seven. Look at that. Yeah, I'm here. Like I said, there's somebody online seven. How are you doing, pal? I'm doing bad good good on conia. You too. The first thing that Jesus is going to do when he comes back is to get 12 Jewish lawyers. I saw everybody for royalty. Okay, not a bad idea. Especially on these cups and other churches that they're selling. Right, right now. I want to give you an idea. Please. The things that you cannot say now because of Michael Power and these fresh elements. Yes. Those were famous Spanish and they put the translation in the internet. No thanks. No? Well, see, I was actually going to do, in fact, I'm glad you mentioned that because I was going to do a new Luxicon. I don't even want to put any of that on the internet. I don't want to explain. Well, this means this. I don't want to do that because then what they'll do because the easiest and dangerous is they are they'll say, Well, you're not saying the exact word, but we know what it means and you're showing everybody what you're saying. I'm not going to do that. It's like laying a track for yourself. No thanks. Anyway, we've all the work to with the word. You've still got to listen to it. Amen. Well, God bless you. Okay. I'll read the direction. So we got to be entitled for the show. You know, all they have to do is look at the bottom of their radio. You're just looking at the bottom of the radio. Just like in fact, the subtitles are an aeromacian Latin, which is very exciting. And of course, you might get the spirit of the Lord by listening long enough. Please, the spirit of God. We hope we can only pray. Oh, sorry. 859 votes. We need another 141 to get to that thousand mark by two o'clock. Can we do it? Well, it happened. Well, maybe. And maybe not all your own joy. Joseph Gakitemar. Well, penis face. See, we can still say that. Can't wait. My not. I already said we can't say penis on the earth. That's a very medicinal kind of word, very disgusting. I'm ready. It is not. I don't know where you're hanging out. That's right. I forgot you're hanging out in the QMT room where the silver flow in there. Wow. That is so typical man. Parfait of course, Greg, you're running a hell of a ship, baby. Even Noah will be proud on the day that I didn't wear my hipwaters. And speaking of those bubble mice, these those fairy tales about Daniel and the lions, Dan, and Moses part of the Red Sea. How about my favorite? And that of course is the Ark, no one in the Ark. Sure. That happened. I told you we used in Rochester there was a chain of hardware stores called Noah's Ark. There was an even the operation. And I used to people would say, well, where did Noah get the nails to put that all that would together? And build the Ark as it Noah's Ark. And Rochester. Right. Oh, and speaking of Catholics and stuff like that, I've told a story long ago, and now is a good time to mention again, because I noticed some of the people who have seen this movie. It's we can't really memories of how they were abused before the Vatican finally said, oh, well, we forgive the Jews and not so bad that they never stole a freight train, etc. The fact that Jews aren't too crazy when they see a freight train and bring back a lot of bad memories. But at any rate, when I was a little kid growing up in Brighton, New York, Rochester, suburb right across the street from a Catholic school, no less. And my two best friends were Jimmy McGuire and David Lairmer. What a memory, huh? Very good. I remember David Lairmer because he was really cute. But at any rate, Jimmy McGuire was our great course, he's Irish. But they were my two best friends and the old time went by and then one day I come home and we're like in the garage, I believe, and we're like talking and whatever. And all of a sudden, they both like descended on me and why did you kill Jesus? Well, I did it. And I said, I didn't even know the guy for Christ's sake. That was the wrong answer and they just proceeded like beat me a little bit, you know, pound on me and I had to run in the house very disturbed and dismayed and not understanding why my two close best friends were beaten on me because they were taught in Catholic school, right across the street that the Jews were beating me, killed Jesus. Hate. Let me say again, religion breeds hate and intolerance and you'll notice that all the ultra-religions always use quotes from the Bible. Well, the Bible says this and the Bible says to have skews their intolerance and hate of anybody who ain't just right then. The Bible says this is our land. Hate as a weapon. I mean, religion is a weapon, most same thing interchangeable. Profetic sad tragic. WM hello. Two AM. Two AM. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Hey, listen, you know, some of the game marriages at first I couldn't figure out why people were still up and off. I just thought it was like a Christian ignorant and hate kind of thing. Yeah. I have met somebody yesterday, a born again and I kind of, which I was mortified and I have to share this with you. You know, my point was very simple. And then, I'm sure it's just, it doesn't concern you as a heterosexual who cares if they want to do it, how does that affect you? Yeah. Especially how does it affect you as a Christian? Yes. For answer was that, you know, it's one nation under God and if, you know, we are on the right side of God, we cannot as a nation support in a bombination because in God will turn his back on this kind of thing. There's an easy way to solve that and just take those two words out of there, didn't belong in the first place. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I understand that completely that they've all are burning fathers. They were, they were Christian, but they were, they were most of the most theest, most of more Christians at all. She's full of cramps. I know exactly how to go by a history book. I could not believe it, and it was all, of course, the Calbarian chapel, the Calvary Chapel people who are just, oh, my God, I'm thatic. Yeah. And the other thing on Cambridge is, uh, you know, on the tunnel on your pole is, uh, do you even support marriage in general? Because I sure don't. I want to know why they want to make them a state and get married in the first place. Exactly. That's the best point of all now. We talked about that last week. There's their choice, uh, you know, whatever they want to do and enclose and tonight here's the fulfilling. Yeah, sure. Good luck to Palli. Oh, brother. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, see. And now if he said he said it very nicely though, you know what's that? Yes, it was very nice. I think Boca Brian should like redo some of these bits like that when I can envision a sofa queen. Especially with all the stuff that's in the news right now, right? Yeah, let's funny about that though. The old sofa queen ever see her? No. Well, it's going to check the reception next. It's 11 past one at 5, 60, WQM. It's the last mortgage. You'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Oh, great. We won't be speaking open up and get a panic on a show, please. I don't know what you're saying. You pay zero closing cause, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points. Get yourself that unbeatably new low interest rate is 1.25%. If you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are a mere $334 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 dollar loan, your payments are only 60, 80 month. And don't forget what you'll be finance. You get new homeories from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing cost again. So come today, toll free at that new number. Call 1-86-395-LAND. Get that low rate mortgage to deserve. Then move on to a nice property with no further cost to expense. Again, you pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing costs. Even when you moved to another property, you can't be to a mistake. So get yourself the new on V2 below financing rate at just 1.25%. And the only one mortgage from financial group I never pay closing cost in your life. Call them today toll free financial group. It's 1-86-395-LAND. On 866-395-LAND, the Renequil housing lender, restrictions apply. Raise something to change monthly, 4.21 APR. On 17 at 560-WDQM, talk to our right-of-your-fascist now. The answer to your question is, I'm not going to read the facts, but the answer to your question is yes. You following me? No. Didn't read the facts, you just sent me? Okay, no, I didn't read it. The answer is, oh, you should read that one. All right, here's one from Ray who says, your frequent comments on the Nazi-like tendencies that the Republican Party are right on as usual and you are of course. Absolutely correct. Following our some excerpts from the online journal on the Bush-Misterman family, the article is a way too long to send all of it, so hopefully you find this interesting, which I did, Ray. Christopher Simpson's blowback was praised by journalist Seymour Hirsch as the ultimate book about the worst kind of Cold War thinking. Noral event directed the Holocaust Archive Grats College said, the full story on this country's shameful cynical collaboration with Nazi criminals. As of then told until now, with the publication of Simpson's book investigative reporter Christopher Simpson says in blowback, that after WWW II, Nazis were given CIA subsidies to build a far-right wing power base in the U.S. These Nazis assumed prominent positions in the Republican Party's ethnic outreach committees Simpson documents the fact that these Nazis did not come to America's individuals, but as part of organized groups with fascist political agendas. The Nazi agenda did not die along with that all fitler removed to America or part of it did, and joined the far-right wing of the Republican Party. Aha. Simpson shows how the state department of the CIA put high-ranking Nazis on the intelligence payroll for their expertise in propaganda and psychological warfare, among other purposes. The most important Nazi employee by the U.S. was, Ryan Hard Gailin, Hitler's most senior eastern front military intelligence officer, after Germany's defeat became certain, Gailin offered the U.S. certain concessions and exchanged for his own protection. Gailin promoted hyped up Cold War propaganda and behalf of the political right in this country and helped take U.S. perceptions of the Cold War. Everything is certain. The intelligence agencies know the scope and instead of Nazi involvement with the political right in this country, it's a shame they keep it in from the majority of the American people. Thank you, Ryan. I'm going to go out and get blowback by Christopher Simpson. I'm going to put that right over here. Hey. I didn't like that. Nazi bastards make sense. It sure makes a lot of sense to me. And of course, the ties between Prescott Bush and Nazis as well known. Well, documented. Why should I? That rocket guy be the only Nazi we hire. And the ties between who were in the front brown bird. And the ties between the Bush family and the Bin Laden's is very well documented. And how come still nobody's answered the question of how the Bin Laden's were a lot of the fly out of the country when nobody. And I do mean nobody else was coming or going. I got up. You. I see. Oh, boy. I'm telling you, what a wicked web. How is that go? I'm speaking to that. How is the Bob we were doing? That's such a shame. Channel six. You're at watching. Speak to Nazis. There you go. I think we got a shot man. It's me. Johnson would say 907. Where do you think? What were you staying on that proposed like constitutional amendment to band gay marriage? Oh, my God. Exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself. 907 votes. I'm all for gay stand there right to marry 449. I don't care about the issue. It's divisive 236. I'm against gay marriage but against an amendment 122. And I agree with Bush. 111%. And let me stay to get a few two-in-lates. CNN yesterday. It changed this morning as they are after do. But they had a poll starting, I guess, with that fat of noxious lood dogs. Although lood dogs is really turning against the abushmaster because of this outsourcing a job. He is foaming at them all every night. Good. More so than usual. But at any rate they started to pull on there and throughout the early morning hours they had a poll and the question was, should the U.S. Constitution be amended to band gay marriage? Yes, 42%, no 58%. Out of over 300, almost 100,000 votes. So I think like I said before you make an adiagnic mistake Mr. Presidente, keep doing it. Keep handling those right wing nuts because the fact of the matter is that most of the country like I said before ate a bunch of religious fanatics. Just do when you are a circle of good friends. WQAM, hello. Hey Neil, you must have faced a warrior. Okay. Did you have fished on with one of the balls yesterday? No. The forester? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How can we even tell me the stuff came in? What stuff? The good stuff. I didn't get any of it. WQAM, hello. Neil, how are you today? Okay. Happy Wednesday to you. Happy ass Wednesday to you, sir. Oh, thank you so much. I just got married yesterday. Oh, okay. So, I really don't care about whoever Mary Sue is, long as you're happy with the person. There you go. Hey, do you remember I took us about a year or half ago when asked crossed in the adjustance building, covered up the woman's breast, as I've statute, I was given to us like 200 years ago. Do I remember? That was I think I was ever... Are you serious? Did you have a choice? Have you ever heard of me? I think I was asked for her in my house cross to do that. Yes. I just like to tell you, St. Mary's for a couple of weeks, you love it. Five, six, seven, five, six, deep pound. Five. Six, we're not gonna make any of the other without an outage. Wouldn't you buy that? Five in the past one minute. Five what? How do it is a power we've been sitting in the dark. And I'm not gonna do that. Well, when that's happening, are we going off the air? I know how, how should we know? Hey, how about somebody tell us in there? Somebody in the building for on the air or not? Okay, that would be nice to know. You'll get a few clowns you. I mean, you talk about a bunch of non-responsive goofballs. How come muff a run in? How come Shane's screen run in and said what? It's raining. The sky's falling, you're draining it back. Well, that's not what we're looking for. We'd like to know if we're having on-ear interruptions or what. We've got a very important goal here today. We got 914 votes on a poll. And Josh says that if we don't get to 1,000 by a two o'clock, he's going on strike. And we'll definitely not take over those bedtime stories so that Eric has to continue with his life of whoa. Whoa. You wanna run me? No. So we're trying to do a radio show here on it. And you know, see, if I would never set anything. But what does Hol FCC think? I am proud of this. We gotta continue doing the show. I'm in your case. I mean, I'm still panicking. But I could have continued doing the show. And nobody would have really known that anything had changed. But I don't believe in that because I think that what's good for the goose is good for the gander. So Howard's stern and affinity are getting cut back. And if Bubba Lusbund got canned and tamper, I mean, these are all things that affect all industry and the public has the right to know about the kind of repression and says to your ship and lunacy, let's go on on. Am I right? Absolutely. Even the malmised to agrees. So I mean, you know, the fact that we wouldn't play, who now would even realize if they didn't hear the sofa king bit, you know, and they would even know they'd forget about it. So that one guy keeps your question. But when she says, we would have been notified if we were off the air. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh my god. Oh, I think too much time in the keys is making her into kind of a silly goose by self. 560, I always said he can't pass up a silly gander. WQM, hello. Nice talking to you. Well, maybe they're off the air. Whovers on the other end. WQM, hello. Hi, how are you? Good. I'm very concerned about the fact that this is an arm rate is moving. Yeah. Who's going to be watching the children are not in this movie? No, no. No, one of the big big things on the right wing. You can't go in and see an arm rate in movie. That is correct. Well, it's about Jesus, right? Exactly. If someone's going to be raising a sink or the police is going to be there pulling the kid down. Hell no. Well, I think something should be done. I'm very insulted that children are from being seen in the movie. They had all kinds of psychologists and they've had all kinds of articles saying whatever you do do not take your children. So you know what that means that people are going to take their kids. Oh, of course. Of course, by the way, you're not off the air. You have not done off at all. Thank you so much. See, we have to ask our finalisters because our program director is busy in there, did we in the other guy? Well, that's what he's expecting management. Exactly. That's a lot of didlo. Have a great day. Bye. So we were not off the air. How do you like that? I'm off the air. Definitely running it. Oh, Greg, we're off the air. What do we do? Have been crying. By the way, did the duck get a hold of Troy's rat for yet and get some answers to our questions? I don't know. No, he did not. See, tomorrow's the last morning, I'm going to ask about that. And then I'm going to come right down there. I'm going to pass on my vacation. I'm going to come down there. And I'm going to start kicking some serious ass Troy. I'm going to start screaming. You're just shrieking in that place. Just carrying on like a child, riding and raving. Do you believe me? Nope. I'm going to pass on my vacation so I can come down there and straighten that screw to a place out. No. No. But it sounds pretty good. Come on, Troy. Get where the what-haven to you, man. Ever since he got suspended those couple of days when he was diddling those screw and or somebody at the Christmas party, ever since then, he just ain't the same no more. You know what? He used to be a really good guy. He used to be on our side. Now he just on his own side, like Ken Lee and then the floor back there. Come on, Troy. What's it up a little bit? Hey, if you'd like to butcher a paycheck up a lot, here's the way to do it. Get a career. That's right. And the way to do that is to call our good friends at fast train. Tull free to call one cost you a thing. No obligation, but it might change your life on a really positive way even more than that movie. Call fast train today, tool free. One, eight, six, fast train. You can start a brand new high-paying computer career and it just foreshared months you can be doing it. Get in a big fat one that goes along with having some training and a big paycheck. That's right. The demand for computer professionals is going like crazy. So call fast train today at one, eight, six, six fast train. And don't forget what seven locations fast train is bound to have a campus close by you and very convenient for you. Fast train offers placement, financial assistance for people to qualify and they've even got daynighted weekend classes to no excuses no more. So if you're working like crazy and not getting anywhere in life if your life is like on a treadmill, here's the answer for it. Get out of your rut and call fast train today. Check them out of the web for us fast train.com and then make that call that can change your life in a real positive way. Call tool free. One, eight, six, fast train. Fly and local, here's SportsWideal 56UA, 2am. Enkela. Hello! Who's in my cupboard? It's the gate in my cupboard. Finally, a movie for homosexual children. Gating in the cupboard. Can I shower with you little boy? Gating in the cupboard. Where are you, Gating in the cupboard? Gating in the cupboard. Question. Can we get some shelf paper out here? Like a match answer? Can we shut that crap off? This is one red skin, who wants them shut down! One third, you want them? Of course, the gate needs to cover probably beyond CNN. Several times that I'd end MSNBC in Fox 2 to represent the so-called gay community. Oh yeah. Speaking of that, here's the dear Marything on that website. It says in the spirit of the successful online campaign, move on.org, we're accepting Go Nation Tell published Dear Maryheads and newspapers and magazines all across the country. And there's a website, dearmery.com. But let's you send a postcard. At least it's in the form of a postcard. Two Marychainey, the daughter of the vice president. They just showed on CNN again a minute ago, the 19th of the 2000 president of the vice president should elevate. Okay. So, I'm going to say that with Cheney and Julie Breman and show them again saying that when two people want to wed you on whatever kind of relationship it's not the government's business and he supports it on her percent. And you're just a liar, Cheney, and a fascist. So anyway, here's what the postcard says, dear Mary, vice president and Cheney or father, recently said he was supporting adding anti-gay prejudice to the US constitution, making you and millions of other Americans second-class citizens. As an open lesbian is worked for years as a public advocate for gay civil rights, you are positioned to defend yourself in your community in this dire hour. What you join us in publicly opposing this bigoted, un-American proposal, sincerely a concerned citizen. Says web visitors, please replace all the text in this box with your own public loaded Mary, preferably signed with your first name city and state then click submit and we'll post as many as we can. And you can check out some of the other postcards on that website. Dear Mary.com, some of you some people in the audience who liked it, said a postcard to Mary Cheney. Dear Mary, come out, come out wherever you are sweetheart. And what's that gold wedding band on your ring finger? How what is that thing doing? It's just decorative. Is that what it is? Sure is that been. Well I'm sorry. That was a little close right up against the edge there. Don't. I mean, does that thing been at your nose? Oh, maybe she's headed or they're fingering the old nose. There's nothing pornographic about that. Although there might be, I think that's coming up in a bit of a assertion, son. Haha. Oh. 962 votes. We better get with it if we're going to make that thousand. Or Josh is going to be doing the show all by himself the next couple of months. Could be spitting the hits. 567560. Oh, now speaking of spitting the hits you almost forgot. Guess what station boys and girls is on the verge of going under? And maybe already is. Right. At least financially gone bankrupt. I hate to tell you this. All you classical music, blue noses out there. There were screaming and carrying on with WTMI when Cox is smith candet format. And put on. What did they put on? Is that MIB? Well, no, that's the, uh, what are the. Part party right. I remember a couple of years ago when a schmith candet MI and they put on party. Yeah. We were same 10 songs that were playing over and over again, the rude and whatever. And everybody was having a nervous breakdown all of a sudden. Oh, we have to have our classical music. So WKT because the Haitian melodies didn't do it. And there's nothing else they can put on again. Audience for that horrible single. There's. So they went to a classical music on A.M. Oh, man. What over like? I'm going to have a lot of a and Saudi Arabia. Right. Just like that. And so, well, I'm here and for much more children. This morning is the rumors are that they're either in bankruptcy or they're file under their like of tourists. I do like that. Speaking of tourists and other cold tourists at herpes. Half of the young Americans to get sex diseases. But I watch it, Josh. All the stuff I'm here to about you and it's 80 to 40 40 40 40 girlfriends out there. Well, you better use, uh, get your rubber booties out, okay? It says half all young Americans will get a sexually transmitted disease by the age of 25. Perhaps because they're ignorant about protection or to embarrassed last four to corner several reports. The reports as you guessed today, publicized by two nonprofit sexual and youth health groups said there were nine million new cases of STD among teenagers and young adults age 15 to 24 in the year 2000. Nine million. They said the US government's policy of her offering FD and Sony education would only increase those rates. Oh, yeah, just say no. Does it work? No. No. That's why you just say no because it doesn't work. For the 27 million younger Americans under the age of 25 who have had sex, the stakes are simply too high to talk only about FD and STD's waggoner, prison of advocates for youths and the statement. Given the prevalence of STD, young people need all the facts, including medically accurate information on condoms. Oh, no. The Pope is going to have a nervous crap about that. The reports released jointly by the advocates for youth, a nonprofit group advocating sex education, and the sexual health oriented Alan Goodmacher Institute pulled together information from several different publications. You know, how fast I said pull together. I saw the Includes Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Report and latest issue. The journal perspective is on sexual and reproductive health and the University of North Carolina report based on interviews with teens and your adults. Approximately 18.9 million new cases of STD occurred in 2000, of which 48% were born person aged 15 to 24 almost half. Holy moly. It said three diseases. Genital ward. Oh, yeah. A person confession called Tracamoneases and Plumidia. I'm not pronouncing that right. Tracamoneases? Sounds good. It's bad. And Plumidia accounted for 88% of all new causes of STDs in 15 to 24 ward by which is the major cause of cervical cancer, while Plumidia can cause infertility. Ward virus is genital ward. Oh, man, when somebody walks up to you is his worst new. I'd run like hell. Genital ward. Genital ward. In fact, if you go to see the passion of the Christ, would Mel Gibson you will get Gentile wards. Good. I'm hearing. Chopster. Christchauer. Christchauer. Let's see. Here's the facts from Dan who says, I read a couple of articles yesterday, how they've stepped up the squeeze on Ocema. And they even have a mirror in an area where only so many miles of diameter. Didn't we talk about that? Yes. Dan says that's probably bullshit, but it made me think that even though I'd like to find him as dead as the next person, finding him would make bush look like a genius and probably guarantee his re-lution. And like I said, they're the day, Dan, maybe they got him locked up somewhere already. And they're just waiting for the apps for appropriate moment to like say, oh, look, we just captured Osama Yamama. I don't think it's going to change all that much. No. And you remember the days when they were telling us, oh, well, how kind of finished we've we've disembowled them and they're useless and they can't produce. And now all of a sudden these new threats are coming in and the George Tenet was peeing in his pants in front of Congress testifying yesterday and saying, oh, yeah, well, they're just as capable now, if not more so. You don't think that the attack on a rack anything do with that, dude. Oh, I just mentioned that. The world is a better place. Just in joke, yeah. It was worthwhile. 977, we're going to make the 1000 votes just relax Josh. He was there in the sweat a little bit thinking he was going to have to do the show all by himself. And we're not talking about just doing the show on the year. We're talking about all aspects sitting playing the shots and it's from the call. Screening the calls or answering them and writing facts. Faction yourself the facts. You know, you want facts in the hair because I'm not going to be here. Right. I'm going to be a thousand votes. Take a look at those results, boys and girls. Okay. 977 votes on a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage. One of the most pressing things, not on the minds of most Americans or anybody else in a world. As America continues being the laughing stock of the world in the end of the walls. 977, I'm all forgaged at the right to marry 15.5% for 94. I don't care about the issue. It's divisive 248. I'm against gay marriage, but against an amendment 13013.3%. And I agree with Bush, 107, a mere 10.8% by the way, when he went to hear more about the movie cross. To bear the sin of all of us. And therefore, we all responsible for Jesus's death, not the Jewish people, not French or Spalot, and not Judas. They may have had a pardon all that, but the father gave him up to death. Oh, stop. This is so, oh, it makes my head hurt. The father gave him up to die because the father is a loving God. And he wouldn't do anything so sick and disgusting and grow test for your father. I mean, you talk about, you talk about SNM and the woman that called before about our rated ought to be exrated. Violence, the likes of which has never been seen. That's what the whole Bible is full of, killing violence and mayhem and flesh and bloodletting him. All of us crap. All God orchestrated and commanded by the way. Rapping of young merchants too. Exactly. And by the way, you remember that song by CSNY? Treat your slaves well? No. God liked it. It was his favorite. 21 till 2, we got the mad dog coming up into the Humperate 4. The Hebrew hammer. By the way, I think Hank wants to disavow that Christ going crap. You got the a panther preview of 7. The panther's hosting my Toronto Maple Leaf 7.39. That I'll put you up a little boy as I'm telling you right now. You guys are going to coma. Ottawa lost last night to Montreal got a shot to move back into first place tonight. Boys, crack it up a few notches, man. Let's go. Alexander, let's get with it. How's my buddy doing? Unless he pancaras. Oh, I thought you were going to talk about river. I thought you were going to talk about his sits. Come on, Alex. You're okay in my book. The pony man. I'll let's see pancaraski. See what do you know about hockey. Nothing. About as much as the knees potpan. By the way, did he shut up on the game when you just drive me? Now just shut up already. You idiot. You homophobic frog idiot. Pompano park is holding its biggest night of racing for the season. This Saturday, February number 28. It's the Ileka pre-night headed by the $160,000 final of the Ileka pre-pacing series. But that's not the only action on the track is Saturday's program also has the $75,000 Mac low bell trotting series final and the $50,000 red bow tie invitation. I remember red bow tie and Terry Curr. Remember Terry Hey Terry. I was going. And the first 4,000 fans at the track Saturday starting at 6pm will get a free. A free Ilepage t-shirt. Do you get that? Free Ileka pre-pay. There will be free vacation drawings for trips to the Ileka pre-casinos in both the Luxemys and city and our Lukaia on Granada Bahaama Island. Our free family fun. I did a lot of music. Our Lukaia on Granada Bahaama was that. And a free family fun and live music too. That's on Saturday. Don't forget this Friday, February 27th, there will be a money machine with track. Fans get in there for free to win a chance to grab a $1,000 in cash and betting vouchers all through the night. Just a half mile from both 95 and a turn-pike pump and a park is easy to get to. And best of all, because South Florida loves free, Pompano Park features free admission, free general parking every day. Live harness racing in the fullroom over every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, Pompano Park, poker starts at noon, goes to midnight. Live racing starts at 705 pm, including tonight. Call Pompano Park for the annurescent schedule at 9.722.000 or check them on the way to www.pompanopark.com. Don't forget to jog in a quick and a great racing this weekend, and of course, five nights a week at Pompino Park. Live harness racing in the fullroom over every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Friday, Friday, Thursday, Friday, Thursday, Wednesday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Tuesday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Wednesday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Saturday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Saturday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday now, Thursday or Wednesday, Saturday、 Saturday, Thursday, Thursday, Tuesday, Thursday, Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Monday, Saturday, Friday, Monday, Saturday, Thursday, Saturday, Saturday day, Tuesday and Saturday Friday都 Thursday Friday, Monday, Saturday. Wednesday, Tuesday at Friday, Friday morning, Wednesday, Stay cloudy, Thursday, Sunday Friday, Friday light and Tuesday heat, I love you no white London, oh white London, oh Do they get a swollen gun? While leaning out there gun Whoa, white London, oh white London, oh white London, oh With Christians who were born Do they polish up the dish? On the campaign of their truck, whoa White London, oh white London, oh With Christians who were born Do they get a stand in heat and sit back down and get a juice? And watch it all down with a 12 pack of fruit Live a life of order, up to heaven you go Got only smile upon pouring at home I'm hurt to know, what the blue red London is Yay, I love to know what the blue London, oh white London, oh Yeah, I like what it is Thank goodness, 1947 and 560 WQM we got a 1,4teen vote on that poll I like it read it again because you can take a look at it for yourself I saved the best for lunch today. Remember I started reading you this before the show this morning? Yes About 13 days Be a racky monkey crisis Monkey mark anger or writer based in New York City is a commentator for foreign policy and focus and for the global beat Syndicate he says I have a watch 13 days recently, but I think it's safe to say that if George W. Bush or President during the Cuban Missile crisis we've all be dead In the fall of 2002 on the 40th anniversary of the crisis president bush tried to we've oak john eff Kennedy to justify his impending attack on a rack As president Kennedy said in October of 1962 Bush quoted with brazen disregard for irony The world community of nations cannot tolerate deliberate deception and offensive threats on the part of any nation larger small Of course there's no real comparison between Sodom scheming and the diploma Soviet nooks Assured swim from the Florida coast, but now that the Bush administration mentions it there is a point to Reflecting on the analogy not only does it demonstrate a disturbing level of delusion within the White House It raises frightening questions about what would happen to Bush actually face the serious threat Last February colon pull Paul put on a death leopard-esque melt a media extravaganza at the uin and an attempt to all the other delegates with an irrefutable Undeniable case against Iraq Paul tried to replicate Kennedy or uin ambassador edley Stevenson's presentation of reconnaissance photos at pinpoint and Soviet missile sites in Cuba Reflecting on the beauty of his PowerPoint presentation Supposedly showing Iraqi contamination vehicles Paul boasted this was my Adelaide moment It didn't quite work the spite policy conservative estimate predicting a stock pile of between 105 hundred tons of chemical weapons agents the Iraq survey team discovered zero tons of weapons agent upon sweeping the country Since then menacing stockpiles of deadly chemical and biological men of munitions have morphed via White House Spinsters into weapons a mass destruction related program activities Home work related activities probably wouldn't have gotten you past your third grade teacher on the other hand national service related tiny activities Sounds like a pretty good description of the president's time in the national guard Nala Bama While Stevenson was able to convince the world of imminent danger powerste entrance failed to make other countries hop on a van wagon The White House like talking about the stately coalition of the willing 46 members strong and to start of the war But pull out Micronesian Iceland and not fierce maly's make Lord as Morocco a March 25th 2003 article in the Washington Post reported that according to the U.P.I. wire service Morocco's weekly newspaper plan that Morocco has offered 2000 monkeys to help detonate land mines from official and Official that the Moroccan embassy could not confirm the presence of monkeys in the coalition of the willing Willing monkeys are not when we look at the way president pushed out with a fake threat in Iraq We should all grow the more concerned about the way he would perform if confronted with a real one In recent weeks pushes gone on the air to defend his decisions Seeing the president in action outside of top-gun dress rehearsals and fake turkey deliveries has been less than encouraging Against all evidence he is doggy held the idea that Sanna Hussain was dangerous with weapons Like a woman heavy wood child and with a game on the line president push went with the doctor's strange love defense I'm a war president he said I make decisions here in the awful office in four-man out policy matters with war on my mind Yes, indeed he does But war on the mind is now whatever to they probably on pleasant nuclear exchange in 1962 Let's hope that Bush will earn something from his Iraqi missile crisis gone wrong Unfortunately, I fear if he discovers that Kennedy's approval ratings rose more than 13 points in the wake of the famous late autumn confrontation with the Soviets He may again dry a dubious lesson from history We can't know of course whether G.W. will be inspired to dream up an October surprise But anything is possible as president Bush says in regard to Iraq it's historic times But article yeah, Brazil 2000 muckies huh? I won't worry Wow Oh and guess what what this is gonna get that fat the Lou Dobbs upset again Treasury Secretary John Snowy yesterday defended U.S. corporations right to send U.S. jobs off short of cheaper labor countries And said a more productive source for jobs might be found by breaking down global trade barriers Snow was asked on CNBC the gambling network or they would advise U.S. corporations to reduce the rate of which they're outsourcing U.S. jobs by having them performed at countries like China and India I think American companies need to do what they need to do to be competitive and as they're competitive It's good for their shareholders. It's good for their consumers and it's good for their employees. No said He had it enterprises that don't succeed don't create many jobs Right, it's good for their employees the ones who are collecting unemployment until runs out Right, they're former employees And last but not least She has hit some good stuff for the end, but might could take some of these calls, but this is a little bit more important perhaps maybe not More wait a minute. WQM hello Speaking hello Neil Quick question. Yes Anyone on the road right now You think there's a place where we should be involved taking on a criminal or any years someone that's sad That's bad if we were going to take on all the bad all the bad people in the world man we would have a time-do anything else Okay, but pliers and nine one one Flyer to get involved with what they did to us and then doing what we did Yeah, you think we should have taken care of Osama bin Laden pliers the nine one one We tried we screwed up big time we had the chance when it was ensued and they offered a given to us We screwed up You said that that we should have taken care of Osama prior to right Information that we were given at the time yeah, you're not okay with us taking care of certain things now based on the information that we're given Such as such as what such as what we just got done with an Iraq Wait we got done okay calm in a more let me know what we got done with the day was okay You did accomplish didn't you say we just got done with an Iraq to two more dead American soldiers today by the way You jackass you imbosil you fool you and I took that call instead of reading this thing. Oh, man. What a more on I am Taking care of business man go flex your muscle out there. Okay. Go here a solo flex thing and there and flex it a little bit After all he could have maybe done something to us in the future if he were to maybe that's right He was a bad man. You know, he asked the first question like I just got through some this idea of bad man Such again like you're talking a 70-year-old children like Michael Pearl Throw up already when you used simple them he was a bad man and by the way was a bad man That we put it in their in the first place like most of the people we put in The Oh Uh Now they have only one They take the day Don't forget our shiitan We got it Now we're all hoping and saying We got it We won't attack this tomorrow We got it We're all used to our key We should not allow them It's what they've got to do We can't get any better But our own party could have been You believe in me What they say Like the god of the world We're all full of the human race But still you stay still in war We're all true All the other children We got it We should not end We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it We got it Bye bye Bye bye We got it We got it We got it We got it Our clock stopped