Why do you trust us? Alan Box was a normal man, with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that isn't till just three weeks ago. Hi, honey, how was your day? Un... believable. Terminal! There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Alan Box is suffering from... Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Heraldia? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Heraldia. Oh, no, that's a cop-up. What kind of a Lamex uses that? Just say no to El Heralds, sir. Huh? People are flicked with Neal Rogers disease, have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue Herald bags from femoral pines. You know, big yentres, you're like, oh, no! How can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I guess you're anything? How about those bag boys at Wind Xe? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In... credible. Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic, please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night, you know what that means. Hey, you know what I got, I'm not. I'm not! What's the father got? Three points up, baby? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In care of hot 105. Terminal. Un... believable. I guess I should apologize because I gave boat Neal Rogers disease when he should find a new disease. I apologize a little bit. Well, he should only in apology because he'd like to try to hustle me into that big kissy kissy makeup. Like I said, I don't really wish him now at this point, sir. I'm trying in my own mind to come to what accommodation some common ground. Okay, we're at least at a one at Dancin's grave yet. Happy medium. And ever not only he's pretty sick, he's got the crud or whatever whatever he's got. I'm in fact this! Well, maybe I brought him SARS from the Awakid, the frigid north. Mad cow. Mad cow, SARS. For a combination of all these things. But anyway, all I know is... I'm in fact this! And when he shook my hand, not once but twice. I'm in fact this! That's what did it. So payback is a bitch moan, feel better. No, I don't want him to be sick. I just don't want him coming in here and pitching about the beast about this one and now I'm not into that. That's one of the reasons I'm so happy that I'm not here most of the time. Is I'm not one of those people that like... lives my job round the clock. You know, I'm here. I come in. I show up a little bit early. I get everything in order. I do the best I can every day. And it's too a clock. Bye-bye. That's it! Call the show on the way home. Call up and bitch out somebody at home. I'm not into that. I'm not into that. See, you... Maybe God is punishing him for his aberrant ways. Maybe this is like Ebony's or Screwd. Even though it's a little bit after the holidays. But maybe the Lord... ...is trying to show him the evil of his the arrow of his gateways. And try to get him to like calm down a little. But all I want to do is kid our cogsist. That's all. I'll be more than happy to cogsist with him. Good morning. How you doing? Have a nice life? Get out of my way? Get the hell out of my face? Stuff like that. But I certainly don't want to like bond with him or talk or have him tell me who I should be friends, whether who I should like or who I should dislike and how to beast as a piece of smitten. This one is there. I'm not in that. But he was out against it today. I'm infected. As a second day at a road now, Joe Rose. I'm glad that both finally strained it out because people were... ...people coming up to me. I don't even know it to track last night. Oh is it true Joe Rose got suspended? No. If you want to truth listen to this show. Don't listen to this baby crap you're on the sports shows, okay? Especially certain people we have on a station guilty and bow. Joe went out to visit his dad for his birthday. I don't know what's coincies. He's a California boy. He went out there for a couple of days. He's coming back Monday. He'll be back on the year. Very jackass tells you when his column is forming that the deal is just about done. My de-roomer. My sources tell me. And believe me, it's nobody inside the building. See, it's really sad. And I'm sure the Humper and Mad Dog. And everybody else would agree with me on this. That you have to find out what's going on around here. By way of Greg Reid's Pimp, very jackass. Because not only does he talk to us, but we didn't even get a memo saying, Well, guess what Joe Rose is going to be sad in his deal next week. And we got Joe, he's going to be in there permanent for May to 10, which we're all excited about. And we are. And the forrel people, which I'll give you that pull result from for our yesterday. I wish I could tell all the stories that I just found out about today. Of much of the stuff that he pulled around here. I just don't want to go into it on here. It's just an even even for me. It's too degrading and grotesque. There is no way that anybody would do the stuff that he did here. Forget about on the air stuff. Author and possibly have any chance of keeping a job. Is there none? No, less than none. I mean, stuff that I never even heard of before. Just incoherent. Just there are no words for it. Oh, he was just having fun. Yeah. Wow. I mean, just spastic stuff. So those of you who, if you're missing find, I miss him till it. I only wish there was something I could have said to him. Or somebody could have said him like straightened him out. Come him down just a little bit. Just a few notches. I mean, you know, it's just like my own rice. It's like my minpin, restaurant piece. You know, I mean, that thought was crazy and wild, but at least with in certain parameters. Mm-hmm. And other words, that just constantly running around the house and crapping every room and just, you know, just once a while. No, you know what I'm talking about, I do. But with forrel, it was a man. And it's just never stopped. And it's sad because I mean, there's some real talent there and a lot of people like them. In fact, look at, he has to do these pull. But I think this is sabotage these pork rinds. You're just feeding. Feed everybody pork rinds this morning. In fact, I got a bunch of no carbs in them. You'll get porky about it. No, I'm just getting choked up about it. It's the kind of thing it's like popcorn. It makes you get all the power to have any kernels. Doesn't have kernels like popcorn. It's the part of the popcorn that gets stuck in his sergeants. In fact, it's his own, your no time for sergeants spray this. Although if we had the Warren Cromarty here, the Crowitz spray little sergeants on there. That's what he wears. I used to think it was Cashmoboky and sergeants flee powder. Yeah. Well, I'll keep some fleas out of your system. Keep some pesky critters away from me. So Barry Jackass writes this morning in his QM programming lineup. Isn't this pathetic? This is, this is, this is, this is seriously. There may be a lot of money, so I'm not complaining at all. But I just want you to understand how much more pleasant it could be here. If we had managed, mythic, knew how to communicate with anybody. Instead of running and hiding all the time and running and hiding and playing hide and seek. And then when he wants to say something, always doing it through his, through his pipeline, Barry Jackass, this little putterbacker with the arrow, who said to me, if he appears in their port Toronto a few years ago. You know, a lot of what you write about me is true. Yeah, Barry, you're a little puss. And mommy still brown bags it for you and drives you to work at the harrow every day. And you're a little piece of crap. Couch potatoes and understatement. Couch turd is what you are, Barry. Your Greg's turd. Anyway, he says WQM sets lineup. Dut up. Ratings it one. Well, that's all we're here for today. I'm not going to be anybody else. You should have seen muffin here this morning. She was just running around. But I mean, I don't want to talk to you to get you there. Yeah, give me a crying towel. Give me a crying towel because I can tell you the least there. Then he's porting the towel. There's the least as sport in one and a towel too. And we got his musk right over here. I'll wait till Mo gets back next week. Get better, Mo. We don't want you to die. Now why are you making faces when I said that? WQM General manager Greg Reed said yesterday he's close to an agreement to make Joe Rose. The permanent host from 8 to 10 AM. Reed had considered pairing rose with Steve Goldstein, which guilty wanted badly. Oh, but decided to have Rose work alone. And Goldstein remained with Howard Mohour David in the 5-8 AM slot. Greg Reed said to his boyfriend very jackass. Maybe they got a little something going. The two of them, you think? And then he goes out about, oh, you're killing me with his pork rise. He's supposed to eat him, not in halem. Oh, they get stuck in your throat. Man, there's nothing worse when pork gets stuck in your throat. Even squandered with me on that. Then about the big O'erland who also query in how he's the second straight year, spending money for his airline in Hoh-Trelkroz, to go to the Super Bowl in Mo Biel. And then he's going to be on the Biel and next month scouting your combine in the Indianapolis and doing talk shows from both of that. Hey, he's a good guy to be. Go to good news, is he in on the night? Oh, yeah, that's the best news. Joe and Mark are you in the middle of the night? Do you know that? No, I didn't. 7 to 10 PM. Like you're right. In almost prime time. As opposed to being buried overnight, which is what those guys might real bad. They want a shot. You know, like Jimmy would say, they've got a shot. So 7 to 10 tonight, following the homper, the load. Maybe today's the day I finally see the homper. Cause he's back in the town today. After plunging his guts and probably eating up the storm at the Crystal Palace and Bahamas, the homper's back in the studio today. So we got a fairly pristine line of except that Mo was up sick again this morning. I'm infectious. And Bo was in for a Joe and no Mo. But other than that, fairly pristine as it ever gets around here. Boy, I was sure, how many years have I been saying that we ought to get like a tow back on a ground? But, but I mean, this can't do. We're like in perpetual motion. Oh, we're like a plane that never lands. Anyway, the big ocean says this and says that. But the big nose there in very jackass is anxious column with his little pudgy put a push there in the upper left hand corner. Is that WQM General Manager Greg Reed says, it's a down the old Joe Rose is going to ink the deal. And he probably held up Greg pretty good, which is excellent. Iced on Joe, stick that gun right up his ass and say, hey, because like what choices he got. Who else is he going to put in the big toe away? Boy, as much as we like him is he going in there? No chance. Good guy, but wow. But, you know, he's got no other choice. He has no alternatives left. Right? Well, I'm thinking to screw out with issue anymore. We're not going to change in our time. Ten to two is it. Take it or leave it. And after the ratings come out to snap, no one might want to leave it. But that's okay. I'll take the check. Thank you. So that's what we got going on here. Now, yesterday we asked in our third of three polls. We had, I think, over, I'm not really sure. Close to 2000 votes. Combine with the three polls. So I don't know if anybody's really listening, but boy, you should get a lot of people vote in our, hopin' on our poll. It's one busy guy. Yeah, it could be. 114 votes. Who QM brings for our back? Well, especially after what I heard this morning, that ain't going to happen. Believe me, that ain't going to happen. What a wild child. I'm trying to be in front of a stream myself. Please bring him back tomorrow, 426, 38 and a half percent amount for our back tomorrow. He don't work on Saturday. No way. He sucked. 258, 23.3 percent. I'd love it, but it wouldn't last. There you go. Now you're starting to get a little lukewarm. Now you got your thumb on it. 255 said I'd love it, but it wouldn't last. 22.6 percent. And who the hell is Scott Ferrell? 170, 15.3 percent. Well, he wasn't really here that long, five and a half months. Even though we don't believe that number. Oh, no, he sneaked this in while I wasn't looking. Well, they always mark the facts. You're a great facts. You're a good guy, but this is the third time you've fasted this to me. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. Stop doing this to me. Nine pages of stuff that's all speculation that it's just a rehash of what Michael Moore said. I don't want to do what this stuff, huh? I might as well use it for sure. Let's pay for stop at Mark. Him and all the others. You're going from being one of our best facts, just to be in a real pain in the arece. I've had a cancel that thing three freaking times. Now stop doing it, Mark. Stop. Now. So anyway, 11.040 votes yesterday. And the bottom lines they like for well back, but there are a lot of sensible people out there realize it might how many minutes would that last? I'm not third man. And it would be the end of that. So that takes here of yesterday's third poll. Rating's coming out of one today and the course the one thing I did find out which I wish muffled it told me a long time ago. He just likes seeing me suffer. He's done. I made a bad mistake when I extrapolated it, which I rarely do because I'm pretty good at numbers. I've just had a few of the numbers in my time. But, um, and I thought that they had a five six year and minute in a morning and come to fight out in November. They had a three two. We had a four four, which is a disaster and they have to do it a four nine. I'll tell you one thing, Mad Dog and the load. They are really, they're doing it. I mean, that combo back to back from those hours to the seven. They are just sitting the world on fire. I'm gigantic. They are, they're pitter huge, especially the load. Ten, thirteen, that five, sixteen. In fact, I heard from the Crystal Palsia that a handcat is signing on his back, though. And did say wide load. Come on. I lose them out to it too before you come into the hand. Purgent a little bit. Puk your guts, have it. You know, we're trying to do the best to keep him alive. Right? What are you going to do? Nothing. I listen. I know. If anybody knows how difficult it is. We just all have blown up. In fact, the, like I better do this part. Let's tell you about some great folks at Armstrong's Toyota of Hollywood of homestead. What do I just say? Armstrong's Toyota of homestead. That thought I said that. Locally owned and operated, these guys have been treating people right for a long, long time. You'll find them on US-1. Just 20 minutes out of 836 Armstrong Toyota of homestead is worth a drive for the so I held a lot of cash, thousands and thousands of dollars on brand new beautiful Toyota's. Check out their great lease prices. You can get yourself an O4 to come a two-wheel drive regular camp for just a 169 bucks a month. An O4 Echo is only a 179 bucks a month. How about an O4 SalacogT for just two-one nine a month? And with every car purchased at Armstrong's Toyota homestead, you'll get free sun pass and don't forget these guys with a first dealer in the area to offer your free tires and batteries for a life. If you're looking for an SUV Armstrong's Toyota homestead about a huge assortment of RAF 4's, Highlanders, 4 runners, Sequoia's, Land Cruises, General Manager David Fatt Rich and a staff of whatever takes to put you in a brand new great Toyota today. So, I experienced the Armstrong Toyota of homestead, different, circumitted to 100% customer satisfaction. Their service department is open week nights till 8 p.m. to make sure they can get all the work done that is humanly possible. And it's conveniently located at US-1 in 290-3rd Street in the homestead only 20 minutes south of the 836 or as well worth the drive because of your sick and tired of those mega dealers who over promised and under deliver big time. Here's where you ought to be going. Call David Rich Armstrong's Toyota homestead GM right now at 305-242-3247 for an unbeatable deal. Armstrong's Toyota of homestead drive a little and save a hell of a lot and that brand new Toyota. We are supposed to be in 5th floor. You AM! To your girlie man. Yes I am. One man trapped in a strange world must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird cult thing he's in sir. Elrod over was not a nut. He was the saintest man ever lived. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. It's his legitimate as any other major religion only for sir. The last Scientologist. If you call him gay, he'll sue you for 100 million dollars. But if you call his religion crazy, he'll cut you in half. Lank wise, with a four foot samurai sword. Your call wasn't so good to it, but I'm pretty sure whenever he will be. And if not, he's even willing to die for dionetics. He is the last Scientologist. What do you want from me? I mean, besides my fame, my fortune to break control of my life and forgets my soul. Tom Cruise is the last Scientologist. Unless you count John to Walter and Jenna Elton and if you are the gullible Hollywood parents. The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you. I'm taking a jailo, Ben Applock and Puff Ditty. I think that the three of them just joined the church to Scientology and get it over with already. You see the story a couple of nights ago about while they were in an eye club there. And P did he had to be homes? Just had to be there at the wrong time. And this one did this and her bodyguard got a lot of sorts. Also the crap, who cares? You talk about desperate to get it. And not only that, it won't help anyway because the more desperate they are in a more publicity. Then a few people go and see like, like, glee, they go and see that. And if that like that, nobody, and it just makes them look that much worse because they have no talent. I sure wish Jailo's bodyguard would handle me. Because they're boring. They are so freaking boring. God. Ben Applock and Jailo. Anyway, here's the poll question today. I like this one. Which of these do you care about the most? Once in a while we do one like this. And then we have like let's say three, six, nine, ten. Here's something to keep you busy over the weekend. We'll be set to play off a Puff Appal. Which of these do you care about the most? Sending a man to the moon? Michael Jackson case. Arrangement today, by the way. Michael Jackson case. Scott Lacey Peterson case. The Iowa primary. Four way dead heat. Although carries a little bit ahead. Where did he kind of? Where did he kind of? How did that happen? Well, we were sleeping. Well, we weren't looking. Dean was going to head consistently. I told him his performance in those debates was going to hurt him. Did I tell you that? You did. And then when he admits that he wasn't prepared for that question from Al Sharpen, that'd be bad. And then Carol mostly Brown did nice job of trying to like, you know, resurrect all of that. And then he's going to drop it out and support and Howard, which is nice, but that did its damage, evidently. John Kerry, who's really looking kind of scary. I mean, he does. He does have that presidential look kind of like Thomas Jefferson. The only problem is Thomas Jefferson's now would be like 200 in some odd years old. That's the problem. When you agree? Yes. Yes. Anyway, which of these do you care about the most? Sending a man to the moon? Michael Jackson case. Scott Lacey Peterson case. Iowa primary in his Monday night. Who killed Cockroven? I just threw that in there. Uh, when is for Rale coming back? When is Mo leaving? When is Dave Wandsdale leaving? Hockey or the NFL playoff? That's that covers a lot of it. Don't it? Sure. I mean, I could put on there getting laid, but that's obvious, you know, right? Who doesn't care about that? Getting eating food? Or was afraid what you're going to say eating? Oh. Eating pork. Pork on. Sure. So anyway, there's your choices and a hop on it. Okay. Have a good time. Have a great life. And we're going to take a nap till one o'clock. Ha ha ha. Oh, we're going to have a, we're going to have today. Brain sandwiches. Ooh. I saw that this morning. I'm sitting there and I've got to know breakfast. Fear of mad count as he's hasn't kept Cecilia Cruz. Oh, no. Cecilia Cohen. Maybe he's seen the Cruz die from a few too many brains. I'll tell you one thing about our management here, a QA, and nobody will ever die from having too many brains. guaranteed that. Hasn't kept her for meeting her beloved deep fried cow brain sandwiches in Evansville, Indiana. Ever been Evansville, Indiana? No, do not go. Okay. She's more concerned about what the cholesterol will do to her, than suffering the brain wasting disease found in the cow and Washington state. On by the way, fat-writ stop ordering that sugar-free cake of the track. And then suck at me into doing it too, because I'm weak. Has no taste. Sugar-free chocolate cake. It's loaded with carbs. It has absolutely no- it's as tasty as a big pile of food together. So stop doing it, Rachel. Okay, I'm only here for a short period of time, and quit to try to fool everybody. You're not fooling me. He's eaten the bread, he's eaten the sugar-free chocolate cake. Stop it, Rachel. You're going to be a dead man. I'm going to start getting pissed off with fat people, because they're going to kill me too. What do I need that for? I'm sitting there for a content. Makes them feel better. I made a mess. Nice to meet my close best friend, Mickey McNichol, and Rachel's silver. Nice to meet you, I'm going to start with you. I did it. I've got almost even last night. Right? Is that what I saw about giving people to? No. No, that's bad to say it. I'm so terribly sick. Like I said, I tried. I gave it a shot, and realized I was just getting sucked into a position that I'm not interested in taking. And I don't like him. And I don't like what he does around here. I don't like the fact that they let him do it. That's what bothers me the most. I don't blame him so much. Is the fact that they tolerate it. When you have somebody like that who's such a schmuck to stir over your sit-to-person down, you look at them in the I'm say, listen, you're creating too much havoc too much his stereo. I don't care how many lawyers and agents you got, how about your contracts. The fact that a matter is we have to coexist here and stop trying to browbeat and, you know, bully everybody around. We can't deal with that. That's why it's such a freaking unpleasant environment here. Is that the way it's done? Like in a real place of business? I realized that we're here. Right, a real place of business, which leaves us up. Anyway, getting back to the brains. I think I'll have hardening the arteries before I have mad. How does he said, Cecilia, picking up a brain sandwich to go at the hilltop into your lunch hour? I have some brains to go. Let's get some of that for Greg. Here's some brains to go, Greg. Go where? To lunch? This is a better than snail, better than sushi, better than a lot of different delicacy of things she said. The brains battered with egg, seasoning and flour, puff up when cooked. They pump when you cook them. They're served hot, heaping outside the bun and shows the picture. I'm asking you, soft as well. And it's like they're just oozing out over the edges of the bun. Would it be ill? They're traced back to a time when Southern Indiana newcomers from Germany and Holland wasted little. Oh, that's more of that great Dutch cuisine. I'm wasting some families have their own recipes pass down over to generations. A little mad commentary won't scare this crowd, said Kona Bangsheader who likes her brain sandwich served with mustard and pickled onions. Hmm, there's lunch. She says you're going to die anyway if you die happy or die miserable. Let's the German attitude in it. The local delicacy served in area German heritage restaurants like the Hilltop in, a former state code stop in the Ohio River City, opened in 1837. They're also popular at annual festivities like Evanville's Fall Festival, where they typically sell out at early church boots. So they're eating brains, baby. And I get no smarter, but they're eating brains. They're sucking up big time. Hmm, that's not a great thing. Oh, Jesus, God. I'm just going to start getting a really upset. Mark stop packs of me articles. Okay, you're going to start getting on my shmit list. You're going from the good list to the bad list. Stop bugging me. Not in the mood for all this pages and pages of conspiracies. Talk about obsessive. We're not going to change the world on this radio show. We're here to entertain the public. It's not where I'm going to change the world. Especially in this God for second time. Now my other question is, where is everybody? I don't know. You think they're taking like a long holiday because of the Monday Martin Luther King holiday. I don't think so. Uh-huh. In fact, you know, muff. What a wise ass he is. He says to me, well, you know, Monday's the holidays. So I said, what? I said, well, who's going to be here on Monday? He said, nobody except you talk guys. So now there's will be here. Right? Although we have the option. We cannot be here, but it would be fake. I'm not interested in celebrating that holiday. I am. I need to. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But I see. I like to save that day for another time. That's just one of these people that calls every now. I just won't be into my heart. Why? I just, I don't feel like showing up. I never heard of such a place, but that's the way it works here. So Monday will be here. But there's nobody in town. I was at the track last night at Pompanopark and believe me, we could have a command performance during the clubhouse. If we had a bit 50 bucks on our race, most of it would have been betting against their own money. I mean, that's how it was nobody there. And I'm driving to work every day this week. This is now in date number five. And I'm not complaining about it. I'm very delighted to be honest with you. But the traffic is like, I would say a step above holiday traffic. It's not like complete wasteland. Like during a major holiday, like, you know, for the July, something like that. But it's, uh, one step beyond it. I don't know what's going on. Maybe the rapture happened. And everybody tells me that, what happened here this year is that. The snow birds and some of the other people that came down. Those who were coming anyway. They came for Christmas to nukka new year for the holidays. And then they went back where Vittale came from. Must be because of the warm weather up north. That must be it. I don't, I don't get it. Well, what's happening to this place? Maybe they found a better end. And this notion that I'm missing something here. Oh, okay. Let me tell you right now. The drivers suck. It's boring here. Uh, nobody speaks English. What else? That's it. How about that great local news? That's it. That's all there is. The drivers suck. Nobody wants to speak English. Everybody hates each other. It's boring. And that's it. There's, there's nothing I'm missing. No matter where I am. So anybody that would give me that crap. Well, you're really out of touch. I'm not a Tom touching it. And I'll tell you what you're talking about. The NFL playoffs. Now we're talking, baby. I see the pieces walking around with his like three Tommy Jerry, Tommy Brady, Jersey, so together this morning, old number 12. The conference, championships. I noticed the dolphins aren't in either game. First of the AC championship, which is where they would be if they had a team in a coach. Which of these do you care about most the NFL playoffs 14? The Iowa primary eight, who killed Cockroven eight? When is Mo leaving eight? When is for outcome and back 70's not? When's Dave wants to that leaving three? I'm surprised that isn't doing a lot better. Hockey three. That's what I voted for. Ken? Well, I'm, I'm concerned about hockey. I'm not sure if the primary is Kaka. It's crap. Who cares about your budget, but you're the corner hole farmers out there in Iowa? It's not even an election. It's a caucus. It's do caucus. Seriously, it's not even a regular election. I mean, the whole process is such crap. It's designed to create chaos and the national primary. It's the only way it got to work all in one day. It's like an endurance contest. Well, if you can survive Iowa, New Hampshire. It's like the Electoral College is stupid. Let's, we're talking about, well, we want to make sure they have fair and free elections in Iraq. When we're going to have an America, what's that going to start? You start an up again. You had a guy at one of the election on 2000 for prison by a half a million votes. That, in fair and square, one of the Electoral College, then got job for Florida. Got screwed out of the election by the buddies there. The asshole buddies on the Supreme's. And we're talking about fair and free elections. Who'd now are we, Uschmid Krappen? Well, look at that, mode just past the Cockroven. Wednesday wants that, even five, sending a man to the moon three, hockey three, Scott Lacey Peterson case only two, and a Michael Jackson case only a pair. Also not only Michael Jackson or Raymond today, but Catherine Harris. Oh, he's going to make her announcement. I guarantee she's running. Which makes me very happy, by the way. Because she is a real fucking bitch. And bring back a lot of bad memories. And she's going to get like 80 billion people to go out to vote against the Republicans. This November that ordinarily would have sat on their ass at home. Oh, you're taking Jimmy's any home to show up. No. No. I say we did finally point out, for a ride. Let's send a deep friendly boy number. Cook you up just like a police. We'll be the time to until the phone phone. It's time to deep friendly boy mouth. On the nation, when nation wide news, all along the world, see you in an international. Let's be prime right on there. It'll teach him a lesson. 1032 at 560 WCM. So anyway, Mark, who's been vaccinated me all of the stuff since being able to. And he said, sorry, Neil, I didn't know that long facts had failed to go through earlier. No, he didn't fail to go through. I canceled it. Okay. As soon as I said, saw second page of nine. Cancel, stop. Stop the insanity man. I use the fact service that tries to respond automatically. We send. So that's why I tried multiple times. I'll give you a breather on the facts. Although there was another one already in the pipeline before I sent this. Again, my sincere apologies. Don't do it again, Mark. You're good guy. You sent some good stuff. But enough already. Okay. Enough. Stop. Send the first page. That's all we need. Well, no, no, this particular case, it wouldn't have been anything because it's a lengthy article. And the first page doesn't really sum it up. But it's just, it's a much speculation. And we've already been down that road many times before. About 9-11 this and 9-11. Like I said, Michael Moore said it as well as anybody. Better than this guy. So stop, Mark. And look at this. Here we go again. Here's another one. And it's the same one as the nine page job again. I think I may just kill myself before those numbers come out. Maybe we can have a double, no, me and the old moment. Someone else said, God. Who do you QAM? Hey, are you doing? Happy Friday, sir. Hey, are you doing it? All right. Got a fucking question for you. Yes, sir. Listen, if you know the goal to end the foot of panels, we're a burden. Yeah, Bobby Longo, yes, the best. He's the best. If he had two things prepared. Yeah, is this the same guy that called Gellie this morning? No, no, no. Okay, I think it is. Same thing, Mark. Yeah, yeah. Five hundred minutes, sir. What do you have? Five six seven, oh five sixty, if they scored three goals a period? Five six seven, oh five sixty. Pawn that was so bad. One that was so desperate. He won, you know, get out of the guy wants to program the show he wants to hear. What do you put in your head, don't think? Did they all try and see Lee that stuff to me? Okay, but you all want to have your little show. You're trying to work straight to think we got the one guy in a fax machine. We got the very first caught around the box. But that's okay. It's a good diversion to kill three hours before those numbers come out. What? Take anything. That's all we're here for today. I'm very serious about that. We all know that. Anybody with a half a brain inside the building, which leaves several people out. What's has some sandwiches? Might as well do something worthwhile. What a rest of whatever those brains used to be. Right, Greg. No brother. What a guy. You know how they say water seeks its own level. That's why he consorts with very jackass. Birds of a feather. Consorts together. Trust me. WDQAM. Why don't you go back to? WDQAM, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm still. How are you doing? Okay. Tony, boy. Yeah. I want to talk about it for N. Yeah. The girl thing? You don't worry about girls thing, okay? No, not. No, you think. I don't get about the fact that white people are lost for three or four years. Yeah. The probably is that there's all alternatives. Look at it. If you guys in the 60's up there, please. You're such an asshole. You're like, he's just not the right wing asshole man from that. But another FLA rejects. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure if this is about to lower than the guy. There you go. That's another view. Oh, no. By PD Bullger and David Ross knows the chief panel people. I was watching. I was watching the rest of the evening. I was a some logic in what he said. Does he want to end? When did that start? Must be since he stopped taking impills. They started taking some new ones. But you never leave the claim. Fagman is horrible. Okay. On that for the good news. Thanks for the report. 567 he said it's horrible as what he said. Blend rec on the IOD. Listen, all the right wingers. It's just like the thing with Fagst. They want to hear the same propaganda around the clock. And fine. Have a good time. Bye-bye. With three campaigning days left before Mondays. Caucuses pulls into Kati. Iowa races tied in a way statistical. Four way tie. Between Howard the Dean. Dick the Gabhardt. John Edwards and John's carry. In fact, as I've been pulled, I came up this morning. Shows. And I wrote it down somewhere. But I think I should make candid. Oh, don't do that. Not again. I keep doing that. I keep Schmidt cannon. Don't do it. Why did it? I had it here somewhere. Anyway, it was 24% for Kari. 19 for Dean. I mean, yeah, right. Kari according to Zabby today is five points ahead. And Iowa. And let me say it again. Where did that come from? Who have anybody in the audience? Is it John Kari person? Nope. Who carries it up to send it very best? I don't know. How did he ever do one of the polls we've taken? I'm not going to do it again. Miniscule. Is it was a re-consequential? So where did this come from? I don't know. How is he all the sudden that balloon to head? I think part of that pocket more than he's ballooning ahead. Well, I think the deal is that you're going to see the same thing. Dean is already losing some ground in New Hampshire. And I think you're going to see Clark a very strong second there. And then of course in South Carolina Edwards are probably doing real well. Maybe even Julie Berman. And it'll just, you know, it'll be like a brokered convention. And all of a sudden Clark is going to be demand. I think the fix is already in. Who, by the way, now says he was against the war right from the start. Right. Well, he thinks we have doggy Alzheimer's. We do eat too much deli like he did. We do brains. How long of the brains are a kosher? No. I don't think so. How about trifers that kosher? Is it trifers? Yeah. That's our poll question today is trifers. WQAM. Pretty good. Hey, early this week I was a real mad at your man when you kind of made up with mo. Yeah. They reminded me of the golf. It's a part of the golf. The way they say hey, the old man is living. Yeah. I want to. Well, then I apologize for that and say they didn't mean it. Yeah. I got suckered in. I got suckered in. Well, at least expect it. It didn't be in the old softy like I am. It's okay. Well, why do I have to continue this? But that when he came in here, the very next day for about a five minute bitch session and bitching out this one and that one. And I realized he's not going to change. He's just a cranky nasty old man. Just a little maker. And I tried to call you that day, but I couldn't get through. Right. And I was going to tell you this a matter of time when he tried to blow out our George when he tried to do everything with beef and Absolutely. But all these other people. Right. You can see it. It's not going to change. He's an arrogant piece of crap man. Very well said. I couldn't say it any better. Real quick for George. George is George. I'm going to give a chance to see the preview for Hellboy. Yeah. Looks great. Thanks for the. He said. It looks great. Thanks for the memories. All right. I think it is. I'm even. I'm serious. I got my usual pile of stuff here, but I'm out into it. I know. I know. Because this particular right in the day, we already know the de-stance for when he called a de-day, the de-stance for disaster. And also for Duff. I make doom. And Duff doom and disaster. Duff. Good off. This instantly. Because he's sitting in there like he's probably got the green apple question. He and Clarence are probably like trying to chase. So you can get to the T room first. All I can probably like, you know, use the old side by each. See, I'm a little bit lyria that about people who like are sitting in there and the joining stalls talking while they're doing their ablutions. I don't know. Oh, that's so bad. Unless you're having a really intense episode. Well, you want to have, you want to be a lot of beers. Tenses you need to be. When you sit down, you don't always know exactly what's coming. It's fun to chat while you. You can't say that chat while you're mad. You can't say that. You can't say that. Yes, there is. It's not in the dictionary. Wrong. Go find out. I'll bet you your life on it. We can go in the online dictionary. Yes, I don't want to spell it. Okay, you spell it. You smell it. There's no past tense words. Yes, there is. You look it up. I'm looking. I'll bet you Greg's life on it. I'll bet you his brains for lunch. You'll see. We've already had this discussion. Your doggy Alzheimer's kicking in. It must be that unwanted kiddiers. It's really putting a pressure on. Garentee is mad. All right. We sat and we shmat and gave you to their little pat. Did you find it? I'm going to. Oh, gee. Okay. We'll do it during the break. All right. 20 to 11 at 560 WKM. We got the homper. The whozy. The homper. The bumper. The rumper. My good-toss personal friend. The mad dog at which I noticed. He's getting pretty tired over Tommy Brady lately. Said Tommy's coming down for three weeks. Tommy called him a kind of first name basis. And even though he hasn't spoken to him yet, he said, well, I just can't wait for him to get here. Very handsome young man. Who can't see that? Exactly. Good point. So the mad dog will be along a two with his predilections for the playoffs. The homper, the thumper, the bumper and the allowed will be in it for. Hopefully lost an ounce or two. Joe and Mark tonight for the big. Oh, at seven because he's on his way to San Jose or someplace. Pain is on way again. Who would pay for him? You're right. I'm wrong. Any K. I told you, man, or such a word. Don't be saying it, Mr. Schmat, myster. Past tense of the right. Part of civil. Oh, that is the reference you can click on. Ten to two is any decay. And then we got the sporting news radio from two to six in the morning because, and did we ever find out what station ESPN radio was on? No, well, let's keep it that way. Slide and local. We're sports radio, five, sixty, two, a two, a, yeah. Yeah. And all I forgot that we weren't doing three breaks this hour. My bad. You said we had to do four. I had to take the rejoins out and then I changed my mind. We have no rejoin. Oh, okay. Get me an inch. I'm out. I like it. I like it. Hey, we were busy talking anyway. Okay, so just fuck off, right? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I think I did it again. I got really bombed. Then I'm in my friend. Oh, crazy. I was not when we went. So I don't know if it was come to my tent. I might lose. Hey, my mother, me. Cause I did it. Sign up for me now. I told my lawyers. I got you on the get. I was having the bed. So he was just in. Oh baby baby. I said that I do. You asked for it. You asked for it. You asked for it. I can't hold my lips. I got your gun. That's how I did that. I kissed my gun. Oh baby baby. I thought of you, course. Then I reached the door. I thought and there he is. Oh, no. Bring these bangets from real gross guys. Allegedly. Anyway, people ought to be only hitter. Guys ought to be really pissed off about that. And I bet you they are. Oh, and I guess who I watched this morning for about a minute. I'm this and she is a doc. He puts Jackie Johnson. Oh, by the way, I'll also, by the way, by the way. Why do I keep saying that again? It's been. By the way, the audio on channel 7 on my cable, which is medium one. The audio on channel 7 has been screwed up for months and months. Every time I come home, I turn on channel 7 briefly. If you watch it on the direct TV, the audio is fine. So it's not channel 7. It's the cable. It's mean one. Yeah. So maybe you want you people suck. Get the audio straight now. Okay. How could it possibly be like that? They don't care. They just don't. Right. They just don't care. What do you think? What do you think? Yeah, right. What I'm going to do about it is maybe cancel a cable. How's that? I need like a whole on the head. What do I need that for? 400. I don't know. If you're not. And you get a much better picture on local channels on direct TV. Plus the audio with no screwed up. The only thing is on direct TV. Don't get like the U.A. checks. Like channel, no speaking, and no speaking, ways to. But you have to hook up. Trace, go through, etc. You watch out to the art. No, you. You watch out to the art. No, you. You're so much good. Like what? I don't know. Okay. Pussy, what say? So I think those are on there. 23. I guess. Yeah. So the new Newsweek magazine. This is so sad. What's the date on this? 10, we're 19. Diet and carbs. What you really need to know when I open it up. And first of all, it's all full of crap. They're absolutely. They haven't got any clue. And it says, going beyond Atkins. This man, now that he's in his grave, singing that other tune, this man has become so much bigger than he ever was doing his life. He was always big. I mean, atkins, that was very well known. He was very popular and hated and loved and whatever in between. But now it's bigger than life itself. It's transcendent anything you can name. Although a bonus says he's losing weight on the South Beach diet. Let me say it again. South Beach diet is just a shameless rip off of the Atkins. I don't care what any of you say. If you lose not it great, more power to you, whatever works for you. But it's not I bought that book and I wish I could take it back at a refund. Got a nice glossy cover though. We'll artsy, far too, like South Beach. And all the plugs for his chefs and his favorite restaurants that I'm sure he's eating at free in South Beach. But it's just another Atkins rip off. Just like the Susan Summers. What's her name? I don't know. Whatever it is. Just another Atkins rip off. Oh, low carbs and high protein. Wow, what a concept. We've only been hearing about that for a few years. I've turned him in. Yeah back in early 70s with Dr. Bob and the Dr. Stilman. Or when Maxwell Stilman, he's still there by the way. Maybe they're comparing diet dieting notes and a big what? And that big weight loss clinic in the sky. They're up there looking down and Dr. Bob is saying, God damn bastards. They're making all the cash now that I'm dead. And also shows you just to give you an idea of how to how accurate and valuable this information is in newsweek. You know what? This is like a doctor trying to perform surgery based on an article in the reader's digest or better homes and gardens. Get on a sandal? Yeah. It's just ludicrous. It's silly. Also inside food is medicine. Can tomato sauce help you ward off cancer. Well, how many years have we been hearing that? But third man. And instead of showing like a picture of a tomato. What do they show you? Picture of a slice of pizza. Oh yeah. Well, they're sure a lot of tomato sauce and pizza is in here. Oh no. And additionally, which pizza is here at pure carbs, man. Oh, geez. And all of this other silly crap. So here's going beyond actions and it's showing you this and showing you that. Separating the good carbs from the bed. And instead of having a white frozen bagel, have a hundred percent whole grain bread. Ryan, it's usually the glycemic load free to one of these things. It is so boring, man. Now, now this boring is those perk lines you gave me this morning. Those are bad. What did you give me that for? I was eating that. I didn't even throw them. I didn't even taste. I didn't even taste. I didn't even have a bag there. They have no taste. I told you that. And this one is a tear up your mouth. Maybe years. Here to have a talo coating. Yeah. Man. 560, 560, pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless on the ratings. The fall book is going to be out in two hours and ten minutes. And I'm going to tell you. Trust me what I tell you. It's going to be a gigantic fall. NFL playoffs. They care about more than anything else 38. Which of these do you care about most NFL playoffs 38? When is Moly leaving 25? The Iowa primary 25. Maybe Mokin when the Iowa primary seems like everybody else is moving up. Who killed Cockroven 16? How much of their tears didn't part of that? When is for outcome and back? 12. Setting a man to the moon 12. Especially if we know, well, who's going to be first? There was another level at the editor. I think it'll help this morning about praising the president for the thing about the man in the moon. Only if he goes first. Great letter. Nice going honey. Wherever you were. Uh, when is they want to leave in ten? Hockey eight. Michael Jackson case four and Scott Lacy Peterson only three. I'm so glad for that. Hey Larry, you're an idiot, baby. Okay. Where is that thing? Going interested. So having used that little box in so long. 560. That's what's granted, too. But nobody believe you're. 560, pound, 560. On the AT&T of Verizon Wireless number. Looking for somebody who's a John Kerry supporter. Maybe they can talk as into it. You think so? No. Back, way back in the beginning. I'm talking about many months ago before anybody was even talking about Howard Dean. Because I was one of the early Dean people. Even before that. Right. My choice was John Kerry. And then of course I saw how he waffle on the war and how he was all over the place. And of course how ineffectual he was in like, from being dumped in the old and, you know, I don't like his toad. Is that it? He's sour. Right. See Dean offers optimism. I just somehow can't imagine. As a Ziggins of young people are sorry Wayne. Giggins of young people all over the country. Come it out and getting all motivated and getting on the internet. Like, you know, registering to vote for John Kerry. Prune face. Yeah. Exactly. Even worse than the Celia Cruz. I think it is Celia Cruz. Do you think that's possible? Freddie Cruz. I think it's a apostability. That they shipped off Celia Cruz a little bit of work on that push. And it come to find out that John Kerry. And drag. But anyway, we will find out from somebody. Maybe. WQA and hello. Galaxel Compe. WQA and hello. Hello? Yes sir. This is George? Yes. George is Richard. Hey, where's your real conference room? This is out. You'll got him. And then you'll got. How about your burn? This is Richard from Neil God. What does that mean? Neil I am? Urban Jones. No, no. No, Richard from Neil God's door. Neil God's store? Yep. Or what's that guy? Oh, the website guy. Oh, yeah. Richard right on on the air. Richard on us. We're going to Queen the screen. Oh yeah. We're going to Queen the screen. Oh yeah. We're going to Queen the screen. Thanks a lot, Richard. I'm just working on my mind. I'm going to be here, Richard. Wait. For as long as I feel like it. Well, that's good. Yeah. I had the luxury of coming. I want and I go when I want you. I mean. Get your mug. Yes. Thank you very much. Right here. It's a beauty. Excellent. Excellent. Well, enjoy your whatever couple weeks you're here. Yeah. And I will cloud up your show. Don't cloud me. Great show here going on today. What do you mean by that? All right. That's all. It's a great show. It's a little shot to me. No, no, no, no, no. What's your reach? What's your reach? Nothing today. Read an article today. I think it might be a lot better. I don't want to. Better than what? Better than the callers. I want to take a lot of calls today. Richard, we're just killing some time. Don't you're getting like that mark on a fact machine. I'm going to take it all. You're taking it. I can never be compared to that man. Just relax. Just to ease it back. Just to do some heavy drugs and relax. That's all I'll try to do. Okay. Thanks a lot. Take a bite. He's okay, but just not on the phone. 560, pound, five 60. Got a big hockey game tomorrow. Any interest whatsoever. Tampa Bay lightning. They want to get in last night. Be careful. And so in other nine points out of the panthers. So it makes tomorrow night's game almost an absolute must. Even though he's the long way to go and early half the season. But if the panthers lose the Tampa Bay here tomorrow night to be 11 out of first place in the division. And Tampa Bay started to come back and play well again because they really have an ice team. So it's a big game. Any interest whatsoever. Panthers hosting the Tampa Bay light weights tomorrow night in the macaruna. George will be there. That was on. I'll be there. I'll be at the track. And by the way, Rich, if you order that take, I'm getting up and walking out. And never will come back. If you're to any dessert, no more desserts, no more bread. When they bring the bread to the table, I'm going to tell that's far. It's your god. I'm going to say, hey, listen, you ever bring bread back here. I'm going to stuff those rules right up your ass. Do not bring any bread. No, it's here. You're not fooling me, Richard. You're not fooling me. I've watched. You know, I mean, you've done okay. You've lost some weight. I'm a dead edge of death. Don't keep pushing your luck anymore. Don't you just hate that? I can't stand it. And of course, it's a bad example for me. And I'm taking a look at that cake and looks good. I mean, taste it horrible. Just awful. I mean, if you're not fat, you want a great dessert or a pomper or park try to think with the cheese cake, the whatever those things are. They're like toasted. Toasted little cheese cakes with strawberry sauce. Woo, I'm not having that again ever. But it's the best. So there's a lot of good stuff on there. But don't have that in, oh, it's sugar free. Alright, it's loaded. It's got 8 million carbs in it, man. It'll send your blood sugar up to 8 million. It'll kill you. So just cut it out, Rich. Stop now. I'm going to have your name taken right off that list. Then what do you do? WQA, I'm hello. Yeah, I'm here. Yes, sir. The quarter and the like to tell you why. Go ahead. Okay. Here's a carry person. And I have been since the very beginning. Okay. And I was quite disappointed in the very beginning when he wasn't fairing too well for the honest with you. But I would like to go over a couple of things. One of the main reasons is that I feel, and I've heard this before on television, that he can do a lot of things and work with moderate Republican. And I don't think that being in a couple of the others have the ability to do that. Should they gain me off of it? I think they can work with them. Yeah. I also agree with a lot of what the veteran is saying. He has veterans on his side, which is going to come to be very important down the road. What does that mean? Well, he's a veteran where Bush isn't. And I think I'm a Wesley Clark. Yeah, but now that gets me to my next point. I don't think that in a debate that he has the experience that's contained in the world. I don't think there are any other reasons that can be contained with Bush. Where the air carry has the experience that's been around the block millions of times. I just don't think that Clark can do it. I think Howard Dean would direct Bush or I was fingering on debate. That might be true. But let me also point out, like I said, that in the beginning that I don't think most of the country is going to get behind Dean because he's too radical on some of these issues. Like what? What is he radical about? He's a moderate. He's a physical conservative, a social liberal exactly. You know, somebody called me one day. We need a centrist. We need a cent. Well, he's it. He's the centrist. He's not some waving liberal. I would like the war to have ended yesterday. Right. But I don't think that we can pull out immediately. I think that it needs to be done. Nobody's suggesting we pull out immediately. They're saying we ought to put in like a UN people and international force. And they get that loud and face it out as soon as possible. I agree. Well, I'd say what? And to a certain extent, Dean, although he says that he won't pull out immediately. No, Dean, no, Dean says we're going to be there for a long time, which I don't like that answer. That's what he says, though. Yeah. Well, I think that we need to be there for a certain amount of time to wrap things up. Well, how much is that? A year or two years five? What are you? Thousands of data Americans took down. How many? Let's the number, the magic number that we've reached for? We'll know who we're saying that. That's true. I would hope that the peaking is office within six months. Something like that. Harry? no he doesn't give you what the number would be. I just I just say tell you that he doesn't feel it we could pull out immediately and I agree with that. I also would like to tell you that in my opinion he wants to cut back on the tax cut for the rich and incorporate some sort of a health plan which I do is very important. Right. So I mean you wrap all that up. You listen to him get my eight votes. I guarantee that if he gets a 10 to get my 20 votes. Well like I said, you know, I just feel that the main thing is is that if there's some miracle that he can gain off if I think that he can work with moderate publicans which is going to be extremely important. Yeah. Extremely important. Okay. All right. Buddy. Thanks, Palik. There we go. I asked for a carry person and there's one he was, you know, articulate. Here's the fact is the article you have about skull and bones uses false information. The whole get to plunge your out of my assunkal Toby scene was through a by ABC news to be hoax. Still people will come to plot and give benefits only to those and their circles is pretty nefarious to me. At least enough not for me to vote for them. But it was his Senator John Kerry's a skull and bones member. Uh-oh. That's true. That's the boner. What's true? And I was your story. I was pretty interesting when I was on vacation. You put that on there. Right. Well, I mean, if George could put it on, you believe it completely believe me. No, so you know that, you know, he likes to embellish stuff a little bit like that amazing story. He told me about for out. My life and local. This is for Troy. This is you. Friday you besting. Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the Arab parent, her son, Prince Charles. Hello. Hello, Charles. You. It's it's mom. Uh, mom. What are you calling for? Get mom. I'm worried about your Charles. Mom, you're currently calling me every day. Um, I'm very worried. You call me like 10 times a day, Mom. I've been handed the newspaper here. The Daily Mirror? Yes. I don't read such rubbish. Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it, Mom. I don't read such rubbish. I'll tell you. It says, is Charles' bisexual. Because what? Is it true, Charles? What was his say, Mom? It is Charles, bisexual. What's it mean by that, Mom? It means you like the lashes and the lads. I don't like the lads, Mom. Don't cry, Mom. It's true. It is. It's not true. It's true. It's not true. I knew I should have thought something wrong when I called you listening to Clay Egg. I like him, Mom. He's a good singer. I mean, that's all of this too. And all those Barbara strides, then, movies, and make them lecture now. I love to, and yet, oh, Mom. That doesn't make me buy. How dare he? Very fine. With it? Watching him shower right now. Where you crying, Mom? It's true, is it? What? It's true. It's not true. Your bisexual. I am not bisexual. I don't have any sex. The woman I'm dating, Mom, looks like a horse. I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that. Is that why you go for the men? I don't go for the men, Mom. So, it's not true. I'm going to be the king of England. Yeah, and should I'm worried about it? Oh, I'm worried, Mom. You'll be the king and the queen. You can't do this conversation any longer, Mom. All right, my date here. Your date? The commander? I'm not in early. Who is that? I just have friend. Is that commander? That's early. Ernie, who's Ernie? My friend, Ernie. Who is Ernie? We play your football together, Mom. You don't play football. Oh, we play your games together, Mom. I've got to go to have them. Don't cry. Don't cry. Number three at five, 60. One thing about those British men in a Cuban men, I've actually never figured that most Cuban men in Brits had something in common. No, I never crossed my mind. Oh. There you go. That's why the Brits were in a Killsman. Easy entry. Hello, Brits got 23 votes. And the Brits, Prince Charles, where is the Kills? He goes up there to Scotland. You never saw those pictures? That's right. Prens it around what him silly Killson and long stockings right up to the crack of his ass. Nothing else on underneath there. Just flip that baby right up. Drop the soap. 223 votes on a poll. Which of these are you most interested in, okay? Which of these tickles your fancy? The NFL Playoffs 56. Of course, this is the weekend, baby. Football, give me some smack mouth, football. NFL playoffs. Iowa primary, I tell you one thing, if the Patriots should win again. If they should be Indianapolis, no short order again away the Colson Me, I'm handing your plane. But nevertheless, if they should win and why don't put a Super Bowl again and then win it by some miracle. Man, then the dolphins are really going to be pissed off. They are going to be foaming at them off. They're going to be like picketing and marching up and now with all kinds of placards and signs. Out with one stat, we want one stat and we do bring them to Salami sandwiches. Chicago style dogs. To get him out of first bucks back to Chicago. It's the tick pizza. Ooh, that is good. Yeah, that's not so heavy. I like bread. Yeah, that's what it is. It's that pizza's bread with stuff on it. With a bunch of stuff on it. I like that great tomato sauce. It's great for you. You're lived to be a million years old if you would lot of that. In fact, that's what Jeff Colson was saying yesterday when he was in here telling us about getting laid the night before and leaving the moon. Does nobody said something like that? Oh, he left me a lengthy message last night. I have no idea what he was talking about. Just thanking me and thanking me. I guess he was talking about some problem he had with his car or some, I didn't even hear that. I wasn't paying any attention as usual. And so he leaves a message last night while I'm at the track on and on, I'm the best and I'm the man. Thank God, I'm here. And they got it all straight now. As soon as they heard him on the show, Pronto and he got the thing, whatever. And he owes me. Okay, the NFL play on 58 the Iowa primary 36 hockey 36 get out of here. Go away, stop. Do you believe that? No, no. When is my leaving 30? How many has he got? About 30 man. Who killed Cockroven 21? When is for Ralph coming back 15? He's not. When is Dave wants that leaving 13? He will eventually sending him out of the moon 13. Michael Jackson case five. The ringman said 11 30 by the way. Jackson expected to be late to his arrema. Jackson, but putting a word out if you're out there and you're a victim of life. He's going to be late to his arrema. How many, how many weeks have they known about 20? It is Christ. Michael Jackson case only five and the scottling is he Peterson case three. I don't believe that for a minute. When this arrema thing goes down, they're going to be on the edge of their seats. They're going to be putting on their special Michael Jackson glove. The media people will be. No, I'm talking about the people all over America. This is one of those things they're too embarrassed to admit they care about. They do. They're obsessed with it. That's embarrassing. With the king of plot. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Got only an hour 53 minutes to kill until those numbers start coming at one o'clock. Wow, it's going to be a dark day here at QAM. WDQAM. A vote. I vote. And here's our last playlist called and then nobody on it. That's it. See the one day when we really need them every other day for as long as I can remember they've been there in in droves. You said some about some stuff. You had some stuff you brought in. Some stuff? Oh, you mean this stuff? Yeah, that stuff. I don't want to do that stuff. I just don't want to do that. I want to hear from our good friends out there. Plus, if I got any hotter and here we could find egg on this counter. Did you do it? Did it with that? Oh, no, I'm wearing a jacket. Well, you're crazy. All right, yeah, well. Don't go crazy. They're all to crank it back up. 73.60 degrees in here. It's almost 74. That's way too old. I said it on 71. Okay, yeah, that'll cool a little bit. Too frickin' hot in here. No wonder they don't want to talk to me. Line 9 are very favorite of all time. QAM, hello. Hi, Neo. Yes, sir, pretty good. You're the best, man. Yeah, huh? This is Mr. G. Yeah, man, okay, good. Boat out your eyes. WQAM, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. I was wondering if the great one will be in the speak. The great one? It's not Reverend Jones. That's what he refers to. I know that. When you just relax, you get so emotional about it. Okay, when it calls, just try to calm down a little bit. That's funny that we had those two in a row. You're gay. The two contenders for all time. Do you think? Oh yeah. Even this is Eddie. Huh? He's seasonal. Oh, I see. No, I think he's one of the other people. I always change his act. I think he's either calm back or miserable side of a bit. Or the whisper. Eddie could be the whisperer. He could be. Very well could be. WQAM whispering station, hello. Um, what? See there, now that wasn't there. That wasn't in them now. That wasn't even the right one. You're so, you people have no originality. You can't even be a good crank call. That's the saddest part about this town. Talk about a vacuum. Talk about the end of the universe, man. Monkey C, monkey do somebody says something right away. But if you're repeating it like a bunch of parents, that is the scariest thing. It really disturbs me. I heard on the sports shows too. Somebody will say one thing and then all of a sudden, everybody is perting the same crap. Think for yourself. Don't say something just because you heard some other assholes say it. Just because it sounded good. Just because you never had an original thought in your, what used to be your brain to somebody ate it for lunch. Get with it. And stay out of Indiana. They might eat your brain. Indiana wants you. How Indiana? I told you about living in how Indiana. No. Yes, I did. I forgot. I'd buy the Michigan Board when I worked in Sturgis, Michigan, the WSTR. How was it? Week. Why can't he corner Dell Plectures farm? Good times on the farm? No. And a house farm. Yeah. He attended Dell Plectures was one of the most notorious driver trainers in history of the sport. I don't want to say anymore than that because he might still be alive. But they had actually like, it was all made out of brick. There was no wood like you know wooden stalls for the horses like brick. I mean, you could eat off the floor and I guess the horses were. And maybe Dell was too. WQAM. Neil. Get the sir. You're the man. I just want to take some time there. Take all the time. You want Pally. Take about 30 seconds. You're the best. Yeah. I'll just said that. I just want to say all the time. There's nothing worse that there's nothing more boring than people calling it. Oh, you're the best. Mr. Mad Dog. You're the best. Hey, I'd go. But he wants to hear that. It's correct. I just want to say all the supporters out there. Can I call him personally? Oh, the what supporters? All the bush supporters. Yeah. When out there, listen at the bush. Well, we already know that. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T and he just heard me say that. 10 minutes after 11, we got the hour and 49 minutes and 30 seconds. Exactly. The big countdown is going on. What is that under? Which one? The tip of the ticker. What does that under? Ticker. Get out of here. Telling you. Ticker. Play with these titties. What can be more fun than gathering around the TV and watching Fear Factor with a family? Playing Fear Factor with a new Fear Factor, play at home games. Challenge your friends and family members to do dangerous and disgusting stunts. Just like they do on Fear Factor. Okay, Melissa, I'll put this bag over your head. I take a deep breath. Have fun at your next get together by pulling out home Fear Factor when your guests suggest a little game of Shirei. Shirei is us for old fogeys. We're playing Fear Factor. Okay, Ned, here's the deal. You stand in the middle of the street. I'll come race and towards you in the trusty Volvo. And when I get right here, you jump as high as you can. And I'll drive right under. Now that's it, or Jane, but Fear Factor home game. Fun for the whole family. Hey, someone needs a calm ring one. One. 1150 is 560 WCM. The man dog is two of the loaded for the snap note. Now, did I forgot to tell you that Duff had met at me that it was Greg who facts me that long, uh, facts history ripping me in and it was Greg. I forgot all about it. Oh, I just made it up. Now how many breaks we doing this hour? Three. Three. Three. All right, that means we got time for thousands of calls. Although, a 10 year old boy who made the mistake of writing his go-ped in front of the book of police department on Sunday's learned as stern and costly lesson. The episode left the boy in tears is parents angry and police unrepentant and even more eager to enforce a new policy cracking down on the use of the motorized scooters. We already had one death. We're not going to let it happen again. Officer Jeff Kelly, police spokesman said about a 12 year old boy who died after clodding with a pickup truck while writing his go-ped December 23rd. On Sunday, Alex Fernandez was given $81 ticket for, uh, having a bad arm with a Marlins. Alex Fernandez. Hmm. Does he look a little bit old to be writing the go-ped? And have a big ass too. Anyway, Alex Fernandez was given an $81 ticket for writing his scooter on the sidewalk. Finger-picked and told a go-pushes go-ped home. Push it. Yeah. Don't write it. Push it. Hmm. His parents are furious saying that at least the officer could have done what's called the ticket isn't the point that his mother Tammy Fernandez 39. My biggest concern is nobody called. They never called to say, we have your son. This is what we're doing. My son was crying. He was in tier. We. Officer Ross Bethard, who wrote the ticket, did nothing wrong, police said. Because the boy was ticketed and not arrested, but thought it wasn't required to call his parents. The boy was fingerprinted for ID because he didn't have a driver's license. He's a 10 year old kid. He didn't have a driver's license or a state ID card. It says OP. Wow. What, 10 year old, haven't driver's license? Why not? About a guarantee to be better in most of the old forests that drive down here. Let's I say that's a good idea. Let's not 10 and 12 year old kids drive and take licenses away from everybody over the 80 of 100. Those things are illegal. The parents ought to be in jail. What's your go-pads? Yeah. Well that's George saying that. I'm all for go-pads. Decrease the surplus population like crazy. All right, evolutionary checkpoint. Go-pads, the trademark name for motorized scooters, aren't allowed on public roads police said because they're considered motor vehicles. They need to be registered with the state. However, the state doesn't register scooters so they can't be driven on street sidewalks or in public lots, police said. Under Boca's new policy adjuvant I will get a warning of car riding a scooter in the street. Police will then explain to the parents that the scooters are illegal. If the child is caught again, here she will get two tickets. Driving without a license and driving on registered vehicle. If they get three tickets, they're going to be executed. No questions asked. All right. But, L straight in there, I saw. Get those punks off. Get the message out and I might put it in the street. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We never had the condom in the soup store. I mean, we had it on the website. Never got it around condom in the soup. Condom in soup lawsuit settled. Oh. seafood restaurant chain, McCormick and Schmicks. Monday settled lawsuit brought by California woman to such a suffrautive emotional distress after she discovered a condom in her clam child. She said she said it was a little clammy too. How would I? Yeah. Stop thinking about that. Are you used condom in a bowl of clam childhood? How do you know it was used? The child was a little thick. I see. A little clammy. Was it New England or Manhattan style? Definitely New England. If it was Manhattan, then we had some real questions to ask. The sentiment was reached the day the Portland or Oregon based chain was to go on trial at Santa Ana, California. Settlement terms are confidential. In other words, they paid good. The cases been resolved. The privately held company which operates 42 restaurants nationwide maintained that Lila Sultans claims that she suffered anxiety and depression were frivolous. We still believe that's the truth. But in this day, the agents, the price had been doing business. They said, you have to deal with scenarios like this. Sultans 48 to the trouble began February 26 when she and three companions said they're soup back to the kitchen to be reheated while dining at the Irvine California restaurant. We had the story at the time. If you recall. Do we call? Yes, I do. Solomon says he was treated rudely by the way. When she began eating the soup, she encountered a chewy, rubbery object that she first out was calamari or shrimp. She told local media. She maybe was just a squid. She spit the offending object into her neck and and discovered it was a rolled up condom she said. I'll think how it was rolled out. See, not used. I said, oh my God. And ran into the bathroom with another friend of mine started throwing up. She said, the restaurant chain launched an investigation but had no idea how the cond get into her soup. McCormick and Schmick reported you and Gross Revenue is a $200,000 they can afford it. There's a condom in my soup. Yeah, I do that sometimes. What's the most disgusting thing you ever found in your food in a restaurant? I see a hair in the food. That's the end. What about you? Especially how you got to know that. Oh, it's you know it's great. Do DNA tests? What do you mean it's great? You're a good one to talk, Mr. God. That's great. No, it's not. I see a great hair in my food. I know it came off my head. I see. And what about a condom? Well, that's probably the one you should have used. Yeah, that's right. Didn't come from me. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. An hour and 40 minutes to go until that big moment. Absolutely. It's going to be momentous man. That was in there squeezing it. Hoping like hope. I got no chance to see if I know where they had a 3, 2 and November in the morning and men. I mean, that's that's kind of close. And that was for real. Was still here. October to November. Hey, was still here. So obviously, nobody who speaks English got any diaries in November. No, no, nine. Oh, they were nine. 282, which of these do you care about most? The NFL playoff 73. Which one of those games that he uh? Oh, here's the crap. We got a crank vote today. Well, that's good. Hockey 49. Right. The Iowa primary 43, when is Moe leaving 33, who killed Kopp Robin 22? Was that something real in Robin's shorts? 110. When is for real coming back 20? He ain't. When is Dave wants that leaving 17? He is. Sending a man to the moon 17. The Michael Jackson case 5. Scott Lacey Peterson case only 3. And they won't leave us alone with that crap. Message boards are buzzing over Mariners. Return to the dolphins as CNN. For as a lot of people saying, you know, what's next? Mike, they're gonna come back to the bears. I'm not not not not not not not not not not not. Well, she annoying or what? Oh, so speaking of Jackie Johnson. Yeah. Donkey push. Oh, she's got, she's got big teeth. That's all. Yeah. See, I got to be honest with you. I'm not one of those people. I'm not a um like it's like, it's like, people are attracted to guys with huge shlongs and the same with the big breast. See, I'm sure Rosie probably has big breasts too. Is that make her a track? Uh, no. I'm not. I'm sorry. You're your missing the point. No, not. You have to look at what they're attached to. I agreed. Breasts and penises are, you know, like a appendages. And you have to take a little bit of a look about the retouch. She's got a donkey push. Sorry. I agree. I saw her up close and personal this morning. All right. I just wanted to make sure I crawled within two inches of the screen. I looked. I examined. She ain't that she's nothing. But she has no ass. Skinny legs. So she's right. So that's what I just said. She's got two breasts. Yeah. Why not just tap them off in the market? On a nice, just so-verserving tray. Hmm, would be good. Hmm, as opposed to those brains. How about breast on a bun? I'm picturing that, huh? I'll take Jackie. How about breast on your buns? To near a lot's rosy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Katherine Harris. She's going to make her announcement today. Look at that. Look at those assholes at California. A waiting Jackson's arrival pretty arraignment. They're all lined up there. And they're all going, you go OJ. All wrong case. I mean, you go Michael. I know. And he's going to be late for the arraignment. He has to make a dramatic- I mean, everything that they've done since the charges. Have one word spelled all over. guilty is hell. Sure. What is that? Three words? guilty is all get out. Because I mean, having that big bag, and all these people supporting. Now, did I see something over the weekend? Which I try to ignore that bitch like crazy. But Liz Taylor and how she's like turned on him like a warmer arra-rat? Something about you saw that. I don't know. I don't know. Something about you saw that. I don't know. I did. By the way, I just saw the T's. I didn't see the story. How about that? That drunk is too fast bitch. WKWM line one is working. We're very proud of it. But it never, they never hang onto it. That's OK. As long as we hear the dial tone, that's a little step. One small step. We'll take it. WKWM. Hello. Hey, good morning. We'll throw it. How you doing? OK. Young Democrat here. I'm a little torn between our dean and Wesley Clark. The perfect candidate would be our dean with our shot to the balls. Right. That's what we need. And then two sentences brain or mouth. You got it. You got it. I would go a minute. OK, too. He's just a guy to start right on a man. Howard Dean with an al sharpens balls and a dentist's Cassinu's big mouth. Although Howard Dean's got a big mouth when they let him use it. Right. Let Howard be Howard. Right. We say here. Absolutely. The only problem is here. Howard is being Howard. And I'm so moved. We're not too crazy about it. Anyway, we hope it gets better. At least I had to win away George doesn't. That's what you told me before. 5, 6, 7. Now he's just been too mean and miserable. The too many people. You can't. You just, it's just hopeless. I tried. I really did try. You know that. Right. I do. I just can't do it. And I know I didn't have to say that on a year. I could let sleeping dogs lay. But I can't do that. I felt bad about doing it. Especially for the beast and the other people that he wants me to turn on. Now it's going to be like, I'm going to be his partner in crime. And it's going to be me and mow against the world. I don't want to be in that position. You mow? No. Well mow? Homeau? WQAM? Good one. That was it your buddy. I'm not sure which one. WQAM? WQAM? Hello. Any other? Yes sir. I got from the say. Do you really can have the translate for me? No, no chance. This is one of the few shows in South Florida that's actually English. That's actually an English. So we're not going to say this. There's an any spik talk on a show. I mean, a little bit of a shwie sprinkle in the two for the old Jews. But other than that, none of that crap. Our audience is not in China with all of this. But about that. That's fine. Okay. Got some to say say it. Yeah, just spit it out. Okay. Don't play little games and dance around the edge of the Amerigoan. When it doubt just spit it out like that. Bitch with a condom and a soup. Spit it out. Puk it up. God. WQAM. Hello. Oh. Yes sir. I'm sorry. I got it on number. Yeah, but you do. Don't ever call it again. WQAM. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Um. You know, come talk to the cars. I need a car wash because, uh, uh, but I'm behind those into show last week. And he's, uh, he's through his chocolate moves after hearing you man. Have the one of your colors. Yeah. And I got three games. Chocolate moves. Think all over my corner. I don't think it's chocolate moves. It might be the same color. You man handle your colors all the time. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hello. That was great. It might be the same color. QAM. Hello. Hello. WQAM. Hello. Hola. WQAM. Hello. WQAM. Hola. Hello. Hello. I just said we're not talking that language. Yes sir. Hello. Dan, we're in those close talk. I'm ready. Hello. Proctor. Well, I don't want to get personal. WQAM. Hello. You. I want to come to my book. Yes. Yes. Ha ha ha. On his big toe. WQAM. Hello. Oh, no. How are 34 minutes? Yes sir. Hey, did you see on Channel 7? They're right. I don't want to. I'm so sorry. So Jackie's doing. Do you do the noon? No. The sunny Rosenberg instead of the age of 81. Yes, sure. Howard. Howard. Howard. Absolutely. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 5, 5, 5, that was Howard's boyfriend. Oh, I saw an old lady. He's not ready to sick. He just spending some quality time with that. That was his buddy. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. You're talking about the hair and the condiment. The soup. Another day. Stop the wind these man. I was starving. Grab a little thing of chili. And I saw a hair and I said, what I have to be mine. You know, sure enough I'm eating halfway down. I saw another big, long one. Oh, God. And a hair, too. I should have known. For the first one not to keep eating. I just thought I'd share that with you. I'll show you. For the pick-tail. Oh, yeah. And you're like that. He's got pig tails in his chili. That could be good. Maybe they were from chili. I don't know. Have you been to chili? Send you angle? I need some. Spend a year there. I hear it's pretty nice. When they're not having some kind of fascist government in charge. She was in the mountains with a whole bunch of derby-worn engines. Yeah. And? And that's it? School and her brains out? No. Oh, well, how do you know that? She said so. Oh, that's why she came back. Which of these do you care about most? The NFL Playoff 77. We got 301 votes in an hour. That's pretty good. Somebody's out there. Like all these great colors we got today. I don't really care. We're going to be very honest with you folks. We're just, this is one of those rare times. What we're just trying. We're just hanging on. We know it's not going to be good. We're just hoping for the best and deficit in there. Robin is the legs together like a praying mattress. NFL Playoff 77. They care about that a lot. Go Patriots go. Maybe a whole past. Now, Kixemann. Hockey 51, which is a totally bogus vote. Maybe the one parts, right? That's mine. The Iowa Primary 48. When is Moly even 36? Who killed Cockrobe in 24? When is from outcome in back 22? When is they wants that leave it already? 18. Don't leave Angry Dave. Just get that out of here. They can't stand you. They despise you. Sending Amanda the Moon 17. The Michael Jackson case five. And Scotland, let's see Peter some case three. And look at that. Michael Michael Motorcycle is, is family is arrived at the court. They could be like circus. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right. It's like a pick and only freaking circus. 80,000 people. Yeah, I think it's hard for people to appreciate. Amanda Sanamaria. This is not, this is a very quiet town. Even though it is Santa Barbara County. It's very different from city of Santa Barbara, which is about an hour south. And from the Sanningna Valley with a neverland. It's a three-being, few-consurcus man. I'm so wondering where Michael Jackson might be. You don't think he's going to show up on time the glove one. He's going to make a grand entrance. And then he's going to go like the big V for victory signs. So I'm going to let that, then he'll drop the arm real quick. Oh, that hurts. He's definitely not going to use that tunnel. Vision? You mean the one where he's hiding all little kids? 29 till noon at 5.60 WQAM. 5.00. Our three want to go. 5.60. New South together. New York. Unsparency girls. In American got, who only listened to the message from the Uber ride will have their tables hog flying. As the troops come home dead, they find the comfort of the night. I'd no wonder the bed. I never served in the army. I'm too afraid to fight. So I sit right here near the TV far from Liverpool. I ask hundreds of curvers you'll discover. I'm a big decision. It would prefer to add some other do the fighting for play. Now this country I love is hockey fine. I rack and all the suckers like me whose nicks are bred in the pack. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In Muses big brown eye. The big mouth-hours of the world who gladly follow. Fly. Hey Uncle Sam up to a parade. See if I don't enlist. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the back of my truck. Not gonna any Alexudo Patriotic Dump. And my view of the cold ride world is what I see on Fox News. Yeah I'm an armed care warrior. Soon knows better than you. Michael Jackson, you might as well remain in full of- Ha ha ha! Anybody here? No. There he is. He's stretching it in this stretch one home. I'm an in-bred jerk. Who parrots anything they say? Don't have the readerous or kids so much easier this way. Do watch TV or look at pictures. In Muses big today. With my finger up I ask. As I tickle my brain. Hey Uncle Sam up to a parade. See if I don't enlist. But you can count on me to watch TV and shake my fist. And my flag will fly from the back of my truck. So I can pull on my foot. You proud they show the swastik that tattooed on my nuts. The Saudis are our best friends in the world. Not those Iraqis or Jews. Yeah I'm an armed care warrior. Yes, you know better than you. Kind of great come by pork equipment for the newer times. It's on our west side. I'm going to read it in a minute. How do you like beef? I'm going to read my article. Every weekend the Michael Jackson stuff on is very important. This is a very serious process that will begin. This is now there's Mark Erra goes to a most statute asshole on his cell phone. And there's the stretch limo. It's Roland Roland. Amen. The glove one's going to get out. Hi. Hi everybody. Victory is on the way. Freak, pedophile, piece of crap, Sack of garbage. Look at all that. Look at the crushed these throngs there. How come they don't have that all blocked off? Well I mean they want this. Don't they? Yes. Yes they do. Like I said pick it up. I'm going to say circus. Here is a fact that says accidentally caught 10 minutes of the big last time. But I heard it was Jason Cole explaining why he cheered after the dolphin Denver game. No, wasn't after the dolphin Denver game anyway. Anyway total way in a poll just totally shameless. Like a speech from the gallows. Please forgive me when I actually called from Boston where he was covering the playoff game. And it says John Bajus rules. Although anyway, uh, so goes it. Who cares? Naturally they're going to suck up to Wayne's face. Because that's the way and he's a dictator. And he's going to try to get everybody like you know, bend over and kiss him. Kiss it. Very sad. Michael Jackson arrives for his arrangement. Does anybody care? No good then we'll move on. Are they going to have cameras on the inside too? Inside of the limo inside of the court? No. No. No they are not. But the family is there including Schulis Jo Jackson Daddy. Who's the eternal dron? Dron. Dron. We usually live in the town drug, but then they decided don't sound of it. But we only have one more break to do this all right. Correct. And then it'll be the noon to one hour and then. Oh boy, then they will fear us. We will fear them. Yeah, this is probably the greatest trepidation we've ever had in a book at the distation. When you say, at the station. Yes, because that last November the entire station just got cremated because all the right wingers, all the no speaking English, crowding, all got the diaries. And as a result, we didn't have a Chinaman's chance in the Peru. None. So what they're going to do about that? Nothing. Absolutely right. Very well said. We're just whatever it is it is. You know, I mean, does that all we do? Greg, what are we going to do? Who's we? We them. The brain trust, the brain sandwich trust. Maybe we could get some ding dong school there. They can do that. What a great headline. It fits right away with what's going on here on this radio station. Who gets it? I Paul Krugman. Because here nobody gets it. He says earlier this week, Wesley Clark had some strong words about the state of the nation. I think we're at risk with our democracy. He said, I think we're dealing with the most closed imperialistic nastiest administration living memory that even put Richard Nixon to shame. In other words, the general gets it. He understands that America's facing what Kevin Phillips and his remarkable new book American Dynasty calls a Macia Valley in moment. Among other things, this tells us that General Clark and Howard Dean, whatever they might say in the heat of the nomination fight, are on the same side of the great democratic divide. Most political reporting on the democratic race it seems to me is gotten at wrong. Some journalists do, of course, insist on trivializing the whole thing. What I dread most in an event of an upset an Iowa is the return of reporting about the political significance of John Kerry's hair. But even those who refrain from turning political reporting into gossip have used the wrong categories, again and again one reads that it's about the left wing of the democratic party versus these centrist, but Mr. Dean was a very centrist governor and his policy proposals are not obviously more liberal than those of his rivals. The real division in the race of the democratic nomination is between those who are willing to question not just the policies but also the honesty and the motives of the people running our country and those who aren't. What makes Dr. Mr. Dean seem radical, aren't his policy positions, but his willingness shared we know now by General Clark to take a hard line against the Bush administration. This horrifies some veterans of the Clinton years who have now stowed to the members of elections that were won by emphasizing the positive. Indeed, George Bush's handlers have already made it clear they intend to make his optimism as opposed to the negativeism by his angry opponents, a campaign theme. Money saving suggestion, let's cut directly to the scene where most of Bush dresses up as an astronaut and skip the rest of his expensive pointless but optimistic moon-based program. But even Bill Clinton couldn't run a successful Clinton style campaign this year for several reasons. One is that the democratic candidate no matter how business friendly won't be able to get lots of corporate contributions as Clinton did. In the Clinton era, Democrats still raise a lot of money from business, partly because they're really our liberal businessmen, partly because donors want to hedge their bets, but these days the Republicans control all three branches of government and exercise that control ruthlessly. Even corporate types who have grave misgivings about the Bush administration, a much larger group than you might think are afraid to give money to the Democrats. Another is that the Bush people really are an exonian. The bogus security investigation of Iran's Susskines, the price of loyalty book, like the outing of allry claims, shows the length of willing to go to in intimidating their critics. In the case of Paul O'Neal, the last invitation seems to be working. A mild mannered upbeat candidate would eat eaten alive. Finally, any Democrat has to expect not just severely expanded coverage from the fair and balanced Republican media, but asymmetric treatment even from the mainstream media. For example, some of said that the intense scrutiny of Mr. Dean's Vermont record is what every governor who runs for president faces. No, it isn't. I've looked at press coverage of questions surrounding Mr. Bush's tenure in Austin, like the investment estate university funds with Republican donors. He got a free pass during the 2000 campaign. So what's the answer? A Democratic candidate will have a chance of winning only if he has an energized base, willing to contribute money in many small donations, willing to contribute their own time, willing to stand up for the candidate in the face of smear tactics and unfair coverage. That doesn't mean that Democratic candidate has to be radical, which is a good thing for the party, since all of the candidates actually are quite moderate. In fact, what the party needs is a candidate who inspires the basin up to get out the message that he is not radical, and then Mr. Bush is. Sounds like Howard Dean, to me. Forrested, Clark. That sounds a lot like Howard Dean. I'm just guessing. I won't speak of that bushes at land if visit mark by protests. They were howling. Yes, they were. About 400 protesters lined the street across from King Setterman and land as President Bush laid a wreath at the tomb of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. to commemorate these 70-feet birthday of Slain Civil Rights Leader yesterday. Carrying signs and chanting to rhythms pounded from congreg drums, members of the crowd resisted efforts by police to move them to a designated protest area, about 150 yards from a reflecting pool in front of the simple white marble crypt. King's widow, Kareta Scott King, walked with a present or husband's tomb. She probably was riding her teeth while she was doing her. After Bush laid the wreath he stood head by for about 15 seconds. Although King Settar officials did not invite Bush to join their plan celebration, Mrs. King met briefly with the President. Shortly before Bush's arrival, the line of city buses parked in front of the center, preventing Bush and the protesters from seeing each other, although the demonstrators, gears and slogans were not muted. Their signs indicated the protesters were drawn from a wide coalition, war is not the answer, promote peace, not halibut and, HUD sponsors racism, imputes the liar and no blood for oil were just a few of them. Two people were taken into custody when they attempted to cross the street. Bush laid a ratio to statement marking next Monday as Martin Luther King Jr. federal holiday, Saudi-Audiati. They were pissed off and fired up in Atlanta. They don't want no part of him, just like they didn't want no part of him in England when he was there. And he was afraid to speak to Parliament because he knew he'd get your down. Be afraid. Be afraid. Be very afraid. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T, Verizon Wireless Line, which are these things you care about most is our poll question today? You care about anything at all. No. 342 votes the NFL playoffs kick an ass 89 and of course, the Iowa primary 56 and on Q56. Hockey 53 do we believe that? No chance. When is Mo leaving 43? Who killed Cockrobe in 26? When is the for welcome and back 25? When is Dave Wants that leaving 21? Sending a man to the moon 19. Michael Jackson case. 100 to mile. 6. And scuttleys he put us in case only for. Nobody cares about that Larry. Larry King just got me just stood on and on and on and on. Here's the night's panel. We got a great panel tonight. Here's not Gary goes. It's just enough to make you gag. He's part of that conspiracy. You know something no wonder nobody watches network TV including the talking head networks. If you know there's just too much else on. There are too many other good choices. Like anything else. Right. The food channel. Anything travel channel. Sure. Hey. Hey, any discovery? A games. He ball games. Hmm. What type of a channel? Did this. A log is Zillion choice. Playboy channel. They're playing balls on the Playboy channel. Is it in channels to choose from Jackie Johnson's a donkey face? I don't care what you say. I don't care what you say. Do I have a vest that influenced in saying she. Whatever. She ain't going to pork me. I don't make enough money. Right. And who cared if she did? What you might think. True. Oh, God. You're getting in this Michael. He's late for his reign. But again, look at that. They're doing the medley tech. They're doing their patting them down a little bit. And turn around. Turn around. And do the same. And do the hokey poke. You put your right foot here. Oh, he's casting the stove. Mother went for the leg. Oh, for first leg. Who does? And her smart Gary goes. He's got his arm on him. He touched them. Fort room. From matters. That's the pressure. Hope he won't get no kudies off Michael. From then just a period of time. But the art then all about. So I think it is a straight. Maybe I have something to do with the nation of Islam. Because the armband is white and they be very dark. I don't know. Maybe he's color coordinated. Got a lovely suit on. What's what was that thing he had on his lapel? What was that? What? He's got a it's an emblazoned blazer. But what was it? A crest. Was it? Oh, that was his man from anambla crest. Oh, and he got a criss-dart non-ner. And I stopped criss-dart. You went to what you did. They think they probably will. I think they probably should. They probably will. He and we're doing it. They're in a bigger issue. We'll come later in terms of whether or not to allow a camera into the courtroom during the trial. But there's no preliminary hearing. I don't give a sh** anymore. There you go, Chris. That's what everybody seems to be saying in our crowd. They don't care about this. WQA and hello. Not there. 560560. Town 560. Was that Janet Jackson just arrived there for their frisc and harassed to do a little body cavity search? WQA and hello. He, how are you doing? OK, sir. I was everything. Hey, let me ask you something. Why do we have Michael the weird one and all the channels? When we have lots of little bubbles going on in the world, this year this stuff will on TV cause. Turn off your TV right now man. Turn it off and leave it off. 560560. I was going to do the thing today about it. Oh, I forgot about that. I don't care. About the movie. We'll do that the next week. What? What? What pre 1980 movie? Oh, that one. What must see movie when you recommend that everybody should render by? You know, for like all the punks, if 80 is 23 years ago, so if you were like, huh? No, like if you were 30 now, when you were born, 73 if you're... Bob, third of me. So if there's an 82 movie or 75 movie, you weren't even born some of you know? You know? You better understand? And I'm not talking about the obvious ones like gone with the wind or, uh, you know, song of the South. By the way, if you get a copy of that, let us know because I mean, I got a copy. Remus is on there and Mickey's looking for me. He's got some work around your office to do this weekend. I got a copy because he's a lack of him shot. And one can get a copy by going on when I'm next? I don't say that. No, I, let me take a bite. Did you just say that? Yeah. I would have sworn to say that. Don't say it. Wait a minute. Don't say it. WQM, hello. WQM, Ola. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Um, and have you heard anything? And I know the story is just kind of a foot on the back burner. What is that? Uh, about the, uh, restaurant drug conviction. And they, uh, they still investigating that. I'm going to have to go on getting to know and choir this weekend and see, uh, because they're going to want to tell you anything. I'm going to get to inquire. I don't know. I can't understand. I was getting brushed up with the car. But you can't, you can't understand it. Come on. I saw the cam, but I mean, you know, it's, you, you would think that somebody at the, when right wing is new wrong, you get brushed out of the carpet. When anybody's left of a till-a-hung, you know, crought J Walk, it's on a front page of the heroine. Yeah, I've asked that question to several people how come it is when, when Clinton was getting a little war or a little war, a little war job, yeah. That's, uh, that everybody was after him. And he was, you know, and now it's on page, you know, I think we'll have to the president and- And I will absolutely grant man because the public are a bunch of, uh, midheads. I think that that's the ultimate question for, uh, for this year's election. The ultimate question. Anyway, including Neil. Yes. Wait, I'm south in the land of cotton. Russia's limbo, the addition should not be forgotten. Yeah. I'm going away. Don't look away. Mr. D.E.A. Thanks, Bill. All right, nice job, baby. That was good. See, I tell you, if you take 25 million calls, you're going to get some that really like sticking your crawl, you know what I mean? Would your crawl by the way is right next to your. Back to him. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and for Ryan's, uh, whatever it is. Verizon Wireless Line. We got an hour and 12 minutes to, I bet you're tough is running back. And for these probably doing a green apple crystal, I bet he's got wild diarrhea. Can't you hear the sounds of them little, uh, pitter pad up and down the hall? Yeah, that's, though, that's clearance. I can tell by the, uh, lightness in his right foot. Not, they're running back and forth. They're racing. They're probably sitting in their side by each and they will crap or like, oh, gee, dog, I'm just going to be really bad. And Neil says this. I'm so, I think the record. Yeah, well, we'll see. Whatever it is, it is. We don't, you know, we don't give a flying fuc. W to Q a m hello. Hello, it was just George. Yes, sir. It's George. He just mentioned something about Sonnet of South. I've been looking for that DVD or I've been paid for a long time. But I'm worried that you said you could get it off the A thing. If you didn't, how do you spell that? D o n apostrophe t d o i t. Wait a minute, D o n apostrophe t d o. D o i t. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and for I he was writing it down. That's the best part. He was writing it down. Oh man, he'll probably want to go home now. Yeah, he'll be voting. Oh, my God. You know something. It's clammy in here. Oh, it's clammy. That's because it was so guy named Hotten here before. Yeah, that's you know, it's clammy. I think I think in case the numbers real bad, they're already cranking up a little poison gas. I think that's what they're doing. Maybe that's it. Maybe they put up some in there in a morning because that maybe that's why I'm always so ill. He's a limb. I really don't wish him ill health. You know, I, there's a part of me, not, no, I don't. I don't want to say that. I was going to say I feel sorry. Anything. I don't feel sorry for him at all. But we still do. He just like for me. He had for a while, have one thing in common. They've both made their own bad news. You know what I mean? They're own beds. All the release we'd like for real. You know, he's hard not to like. But this guy, he's hard too like because he just, he just so ornamentary can't take or is he never stops? He just never stops. Just when I thought we had the piece made, then he comes in there, bop bop bop bop bop bop. And the beast is appeared. Look at this email he sent me. And, you know, give it a rest already. Quit what, you know, life is too short. I thought we agreed on that. But he's compulsive. He cannot cut the crap. You think these die of bed if he's under stress? I can't stop. I know it. And that's the problem. I had a, I was thinking about this morning while I was shaving him. I wanted to slip my neck and a lot of people wish I would have, but I didn't. Part of do with one of them raises the safety rate. But no, seriously. I don't give a, wait, my spare time. I'm worrying about the beast and what is this one doing? The clearance and, and Zack, I mean, seriously, if you have any kind of a life at all, you cannot possibly spend so much time see, stop with the obsession about WQM. There's so many people I keep telling them. We want the audience to be obsessed with the radio station. It wasn't to get the diaries, please. That's great. But, but these, I'd like, like, Rimmer. Like Rimmer, he calls me the other day. Two days ago. Wednesday. And he's telling me verbatim what Moe is saying. Oh, he couldn't stop talking about it. Every five minutes you guys made up acid. You were listening. He's always denies that he listens. He listens and his wife is well, who's lovely. I love her, but state they never stop. They can quote you, or even the test pattern. You know, I'm blessed. None of my friends listen to this station. Right. And your family, I'm sure it's not listen. Except your wife went to once upon a time here. Whatever. She just talks me for that. Oh, no, no, seriously. Uh, what we, what is with the succession and the same with Moe? A calling to Beast and this one said that, a calling Joe Rose on the era. Just forget about this place. Come in, do your thing. Walk on to door with a smile on your face. Have a different attitude about life. And then maybe then we can get along, okay? Seriously, I don't know, close that or completely even at this point. I just don't. But he's, he's got to change his own altitude and the academy. Well, you should have told me what your show's all about. But what, what kind of crap is that? Your responsibility. I'm supposed to know, have a seminar with him. First of all, anybody who's been in a business for more than five minutes, whether they did a talk show or not, should understand that if it's between reality and stick, should I have a sense of humor? But unfortunately, the only sense of humor is when it's about somebody else. That's the problem. Moe. So we hope you're feeling better. We don't want you to die yet. We thought he had a sense of humor right up front. But he stood right here. I remember that day because if you wear something like that, you got to have a sense of humor. There you go again. Okay, because you're stupid. You're starting to pick on my good friend again. I wasn't just trying to say before you interrupted me again about his bed here. What do you keep his parents doing here? And Greg brought him in that day because I was up in Toronto when he started. I came down here. He stood right there. I didn't get smigh. We played some of the drop-ins. Oh, you know, he was having a wild time. And then he just started turning slowly on you and on the beast and on this one and that one. And he's not. Well, stop it. Stop, part of my 50s. Probably listen to right now. That's not going to help you get better from whatever. I cried. I was almost at my friend. My colleague. It's not going to stop it. Turn it off and keep it off. I mean, do you think that I ever, ever? Well, I'm at home. Turn on this radio station in the house. Good God, no. There is less. There's more chances I would watch the Rick Sanchez show in the middle of this show than any chance that I would do that. Never. It would never happen. No. It couldn't possibly happen. To what end. What would be the point? Precisely. So the idea that he's listening to this one, I mean, sure when I'm in a car, listen to the man dog on the way home, I love he's great. I, he's a hoot. He's a lot of fun. About 90% of what those people are calling and talking about. I don't care, but I enjoy hearing him. And the same with the load. But other than that, when you get out of that car, just forget about it. Enjoy take the checks to the bank, enjoy life, let your hair down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. And that's for them to convince him. That's what they should have done. See, they just can't work with people. This is the problem. We see Greg can't work with people. They couldn't get it across the forwell. They can't get it across the mole. And then that's where we have the problems in here. You got to be able to communicate. But of course, when you got a GM, what doesn't communicate with anybody, this is the fifth day I've been back here in town after about a couple of months of being out of town in T.O. Or it's freezing like crazy again. And have I seen how to hear that creep? No. No. Have you seen him? This way. Oh, this is there. You go. He's around. Sometimes in the middle of the show. Hey, he's around. What do you mean in the middle of the show? I went to the bathroom the other day. Was he in there? Like I said it. No, he was in the hall. Was he in the bathroom? No, in the hall. Was he squeezed out some big ones? Out here in T, he will be in the bathroom. But he has his own bathroom. How about, wow, what things? So Bob Green. And in fact, Bob Green wants me to let me use his bathroom. Maybe Cheryl, let me use it. By the way, Cheryl, I'm not going to return your call. Just leave me alone for a while, okay? I'm here for a little while. I don't want to be bothered by all these, you know, should probably take that personal. And if she wants to, that's okay, too. She leaves me. Oh, I want to talk to you. I'm going to be back in T, right? Well, call me when you get there. You got my number. Just leave me alone, Cheryl. Right? Okay. No, seriously, there comes a time. And when you're in your life, when you have to start telling people, even if they're your friends, look, enough of this crap already. Okay? Just like remember when I go to Ruth Chris all by, I don't want to go to Ruth Chris. I don't want to go to any big meals. I don't want to go to them food that I don't want. I don't want to. I want my cigarettes ranch it. Yeah, this way me alone already. I'm running out of time. I can't, I can't afford to be going to meals to make you people happy. The story of my life. How about just three? Oh, come on over. Watch some football this weekend. No, I got a very nice TV. Oh, but this is an HD TV. I still want to see it. I want to relax at home. You know, put on my walking shorts, take off my shoes and socks, light around the couch with my diet soda. Right? And just a little bit. That's right. Scratch mine. That's a little bit. Pick my nose a lot. Scream for Tom Brady. That's going to be me. I'm right. You know, whatever I want to do. Bliss. I don't want to hear about it. Watch a hockey stuff. And then he's pop fan is this and this one is that. And all this other crap. I don't want to hear it. It's got nothing to do with not being friendly with people. It's just that just want to be left alone. Okay. Is that so much to ask? Oh, Jesus. Just like fat rich with that goddamn cake. Can you imagine it? I mean, this man's been a virgin death. So many goddamn times. It lies two or three years. And he's still trying to fool himself. You're not fooling anybody, Mr. With a bread. Tomorrow night, if they bring rolls to that table, I'm going to, I'm going to pitch a fit. I'm going to pitch a tent. So what do you take a camera? I'm coming right now. No rolls. No bread. No butter. No desserts. Bradden better. Had nothing for me. Oh, unless it's good. And it's a live-off of it. And you know something if it's good, I'll do it all. Pot. Pot of the oven bread. Great. A tent in restaurant where they bring a nice hot red butter. With a creamery butter. It's like there's one restaurant I go to up there that wants it a while. And yeah, they have, um, what do you call it in the butter that they put garlic butter? Oh, mmm, you ever have that? Sure. Woo. We garlic or butter. So I can't start because if I start, I can't stop. Right. And I just, if you eat it, the kids stop. Right. On and on the goes. The kids stop. What we sure kills in good time here. I'm just rambling on, but I enjoy it. I don't care whether you folks enjoy it or not, but I'm enjoying it. It's entertaining. It's your better than. Chambah. No, nothing's better than that. And Chambah, a jump, a jump, a jump, a juice. Michael, by the way, brought everybody in a courtroom. We brought him some of that, um, Jesus. Jesus, juice. And they said, Jesus, that's good. Freshly squeezed. Yeah, he's frozen himself in the limo. Mark, he ever goes, hey, he said, hi, can I have some of that? He did. He was sipping on it. W, not there. W, Q, wh, hello. Yes, uh, excuse me, guess you're for the poll. And what is that? The, uh, pre 80's, um,imo, what is that, SMX Week? That's new, huh? That is fantastic. I mean, all I did was just mention it. Just keep it in mind, write it down. So she would hope to get right it on your arm like an mental. I'm gonna be a lot of balls. I don't wanna be rude and cruel and rude, but please, that's, uh, that's the next week. We were gonna do that sometime, and I always give the suggestions for next week, okay? Wow, and you wonder why I'm Ramlin? We got 62 minutes to go man, a pressure hit. You can smell it in here now. Believe me, I guarantee it. We are supposed to re-eal 5-6-1. Oh, you a-m. Oh, my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drawnch. And it's time for the moon skills back up lowing. It's time once again for the Neil Ratties 12-0-1 hour. Woohoo! That is important. Listen to me. Yeah. Dave and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny. Oh, from Bokka. I don't know what I mean. Whatever I want, you're all sort of a bitch. Oh, yeah. Listen, well, you just keep an eye on one thing. What brings you man? I'm plotting. Uh, the stench of Kalmanaur. It's hovering over his room. What do you got to add to my buffet? Uh, Dave, he's pretty good. I'm not a bitch. I'm not a bitch. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I want you. I'm a man. I want you. I don't know what you mean. So would you say that a man is stupid? Yeah. You're a man. Don't always think of the man. You're a man. You're a man. You're tough. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. You're a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. Yeah. I didn't hear me. I didn't hear me. I didn't hear me. I didn't hear me. I didn't hear me. I didn't hear me. I'm not sure it's been a while. Wait a minute. By the way, let's take a call here from what about the real important call? Is it low? Yes, oh, we know. Five years, god. They even did. They didn't hear me. They didn't hear me. They didn't hear me. They didn't hear me. They didn't hear me. Here's the room where I'm here and Dan Reno just bought the PPP Park and all the end around it. He's building your organic dome to stadium for the Marlin. He's going to make all kinds of upgrades into PPP Park and then he's coming back and playing quarterback. He's also going to coach the team. He's buying the team from Wayne. What? That's the room where I'm starting. It makes this as much sense as all the other crew. Oh well there's no question within five years he'll be the owner. Based on what? How do they know that? They got crystal balls? Probably. There's never Hank was just doing a show. Speaking of the Bahamas by the way, what a horrible place. Mike says I hear how you're real on everyone for not caring about this unacceptable administration. I can only hope that everyone is simply waiting to address the problem later this year with their vote. No, that's not vote. Mike is votes plural. I'm voting 20 or maybe about 30 minutes. In that vein, it encouraged prime. Well that's what they said in the Mercouham two. In that vein. Mm. Jim. Oh Jim. Hey. In that vein, I encourage everyone to ensure that they're properly registered. Right, good point, Mike. Thank you. No, they're district, place to vote, etc. Now. See, one thing Dina's been doing is they've been getting all kinds of young people, including even like, do you know that? I didn't know this. That's 17 year olds were going to be 18 on Election Day that they can vote in the caucuses in Iowa. If no, I did not. Well again, so in other words, if they're 17 now, but by November or whatever election day is second, I guess they'll be 18. They can vote in the caucus. Do caucus. And so as a result, Dina's been, I still think Dina's the man, but I'm really getting a little bit nervous about watching all this crap that's going on. Real surprise for a Michael Jackson plate's not guilty of them charges. That is shock. Aren't you amazing? Yeah. Yeah. Keep in mind, says Mike that besides potentially being unable to vote, nobody likes the assholes that bottleneck the lines and take everyone's time because they're incompetent unprepared. Especially with those easy to understand Florida ballad. Right. Bring your own butterflies this time. I bet you're speaking of butterflies. I bet you're going to think that's more butterflies right now. Greg, Duff, or Clarence. Good question. Duff. Yeah. He was always the nervous nilly one. Greg, too stupid to have butterflies. And Clarence, he was always the smarter one. Yeah. Like Tessio. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I said, what do you have him for lunch today? Can I say fish? Which of these do you care about most? I know. It doesn't make any sense to anybody except you and me. That's all accounts. You're having a good time. The NFL. And if no. NFL play off, not a 397 votes. You've got 100. 100 people by that's and well taken. Nothing could be fine. And then beat up. I would mind seeing Carolina because I think the Patriots can kick their ass easier. But nonetheless, they're like, they're a Cinderella team. In fact, they were in little slippers. The glass slippers in the pregame. NFL play off 100. Iowa primary 67. hockey 63. You should live so long. By the way, poor Nathan Horton, Rotator Cup surgery and a worse part of it is. It's going to be done at the Cleveland Clinic. All boy. Hey, Nate, you better talk to me before you let them a butcher you up. Like they did Dino a Sicarelli and Pavel. Me. Cleveland Clinic for poor Nathan Horton. That kid's going to be good. That kid is mole leaving 49. Who killed cock robin? Look at how many votes has got? I'm too mad. When is for Malcolm and back 28? When is day wants that leaving 28? Don't leave. Don't wait. 20. It would be great. Bye-bye, Dave. The dolphin fans want to see you out of here. Sending a man to the moon 22. What about the Richter Spielmeister? Michael Jackson case six. He pleaded not guilty to charges and the scuttleys he put us in trial four. Scott Peterson done it. Michael Jackson done it. And Kobe Bryant done it. That takes care of that. And Mark Garagos makes me sick. Do you realize we have 53 minutes and 35 seconds of news counting until those numbers start puking in one o'clock? I think it'll be all right. Not number one. But just not number one. No. No, it's pretty unlikely. Barring some fantastic December. Barring a big, a really good solid month. Doesn't have to be gigantic but a really good month in December. It's pretty unlikely. We're going to get tumbled. Now this will be the will. Now would be will be the first time since I've been on the station. Barring a couple of summers when George was fumbling a lot. But just one. So it'll be the first time when I've been on like, you know, during the regular outside of the summertime that we weren't number one in men. In six years and six years plus now. Assume. No, I'm telling you. And you know what? Assume. I mean, so what are we going to do about it? And of course, that's what happens when you keep yank in the audience. What have I been talking about? I'm not going to be the fall out of the diaries. Don't help either. But when you keep yank in the audience around changing the times. See, this is what happened. Nobody's fault. Hey, Greg had a mess with success. He had a dittler around with that first team. Am I right? Yes. Yeah. Every time we've ever seen it, especially with a morning shows keep dicking around. Move the time on the show that nine to one was a disaster. It was the master of the disaster. And we're still making it try to make it come back from that crap. Starting a show at nine a.m. Anybody ever heard that? No. Just isn't it doesn't happen. It don't happen. See, what's with the rep off? Myster on your web set. It's as I have bought your charity product for yours. And it never been charged tax for it. What is this? Kindly take hold of your online store and make it legit. What does that mean? I don't know some asshole competitor that wishes that they were doing it. It's charity. You see. Yeah, it's a charity. What do you want from us? A donation. Right. Our charge tax also does. I certainly hope it arrives soon and town over one week. Is this guy jerking off all day? Yeah. Of course. I'll allow six to eight months. Right. A lot of 10 to 20 years. Okay. Maybe even about 30 minutes. Just leave us alone. Oh, God. I mean, if you want to donate to charity and then be a pain in the ass. Just relax. What's the big hurry for that stupid moment? How are David and Keatje in anyway? Right. Or whatever he bought. Just calm down. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. Boy, look at it now. What are we in? This log is such a piece of crap today. I don't even know what's going on here. This is three breaks for the rest of the year. For the rest of the year. For the rest of the year. Well, that's going to only three more breaks for the rest of the 2000, four calendar years. So that means we have a lot of time to talk to our good friends in Radio Land. No more spots. Spot free zone. You know how we're all we talked about these spin free zone. On his radio show. He's got something to do. It's called the listener free zone. Yeah. The listener free zone. He's got a point. Oh, nothing. Doesn't even show. Do you know that a 50? See, I can't even keep track. They had an end in the paper this morning. A 50 is WFTL. Did you know that? No, I did not. Well, I knew that the call letters uh, I thought they didn't. Oh, I don't know. Who knows? Because I know it's not the same. This business as bad as it always was. It's turned into just a big smelly piece of crap. It just turned into a big pool of wild ugly diarrhea. Not that there's not that there's pretty diarrhea, but it's especially ugly and smelly. Gross. What are you chewing on? Cut. A cough drop? Yes. I'll get this cold thing. Or I'll do whatever I want. Or I'll drop. Where's uh, 1.30. 1. 1. What? What's an easy to care about? Most rascal on theoroges.com. They better get your vote and it's a very important pool. And maybe somebody who votes on your might win a million dollars. Not from us, but in a lot of real sum. 412 votes. The NFL play Oslo 105. The Iowa primary 68. Hockey 64 about 50 of those are bogus at least. When is Mo leaving 51? Who killed Kock Robin 32? Why you pick it on Mo when he's sick? Wait till Monday. Who killed Kock Robin 32? What is Dave wants that leaving? Not third man. When is for rl coming back 29? Maybe for rl here for rl's going to be the coach. The knee under that hot coach. I heard man cow is going to be buying the team and for rl's going to be the hockey coach. And then uh, and I'm broadcast a game too. Sending a man to the moon 22. Michael Jackson case 7. Pollation of Islam involved, which is certainly unclear. Scott and Lacey Peterson case 4 out of 412 votes. Only 0.9% care about Scott and Frick and Lacey Peterson. Who still did? Did they ever find the body? Yeah, remember body and carcass in the sea? Maybe two. No, I don't. I see it's been going on so long. I forgot about the body. What about Chandra? How's that body doing? How's that body doing? How's Chandra doing? Uh, still looking. Bony. Little boany. 560. Little boany. That's what she said about Gary's conded. 11 pass noon boy. He sure got off of the free pass. He didn't get reelected. So he's he's gone. Oh, poor Gary. He's so weird. Yeah. Who who. The one that was bitching out Clinton for like the stain on address. What a phony baloney. Another fake democrat just like Zalb Miller from Georgia who's uh, making speeches and raising money for the bushmys. And a lever. Yeah, and you'll be. Yeah, that's funny. You should say that because I saw a clip a month for two seconds this morning. And I thought to myself, not only is he obnoxious, but he's not even. He's not even a democrat. Not not in any sense. I mean, when Howard Dean said he thinks the West Clarkson, I scabby. He's a Republican. I mean, you know, you can yack about that and yuck about it. But Joe Lieberman's not even a contest. He's no democrat. He's just a fanatical right wing super orthodox Jew, Thomas wearing a Yamacca sucking. Bony moralist. Fony baloney moralist. Goody two shoes. I would add a gun in there and bomb to me before this. And, you know, idiot. And by the way, uh, Ariel Sherone never stole a freight train. Feminist passed noon at five, 60 WQM, audio horse racing fans and poker players. Pompatopark racing in card room has got the gambling action you're looking for. Just to have mile from both I-95 and the Florida turn. Pipe Pompatopark's easy to get to. And best of all, Pompatopark features free admission and free general parking every day. You can watch a fat rich eating that sugar free cake in the dining room on a six four when I'm not there. If you order it again when I'm there, that's the end. Bye-bye. The nice doughnut. Live harness racing in the poker room open five nights a week, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. Somebody should've told him Thursday because last night there was no old buddy there. Friday and Saturday like tonight. Poker starts at noon till midnight. Live racing gets underway at 7.05 pm, including tonight. Every Monday at Pompatopark there's a two for twenty five dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant. Don't get that sugar free cake, please. Every Wednesday at his dollar night for draft beer sauce, uh, soda hot dogs and lots more. Thursday was ladies and that leads to used to be. Maybe that's why it's not an acopy. They weren't no ladies or anybody else there because it's I don't know what they did about that. Hey Steve, we'll get with it Steve, you're a good guy, but you're messing up. Also every night on the fourth floor players room, there's a seven ninety five. Played dinner special. You know what that means? No, it's a play. Played it. Oh, right. It's played it. Gold played it. Right. There'll be a special tribute on Monday, January 19th. This coming Monday on your Honorary Martin Luther King, Jr. with one race featuring African American drivers. Only plus the annual Lou Williams Memorial Race. You ever Lou Williams? No. Greatest Black Driver in history. Honourary that guy. He was great. He really was. He had a little problem. And then he got to a whole tractor of things. Tractor pull. Pomp and a park is also open for some casting seven days and nights a week. Hey, listen, plunger guts on Brad Kramer at Northfield Trust me for the best in harness Tourbret Highlight action for all across North America. Free to watch and plunge your guts on and the air could del. Pomp and a park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road. Call 9 5 4 and Larry Stallbomb. 9 5 4 9 7 2 2 2 1 for the current race schedule or fight it online. Pomp and a park dot com. What am I in such a big hurry for? We got no spots actually red. Yeah, but it's only 46 minutes away from D day. So we faster don't forget post time 705 2 night at Pomp and a park. I'm on the end. This is for 205. You way. Why the you best. You still rolling up the point. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I was gonna clean my room. I feel like I'm. I was gonna clean up and find the room. But then I got a. Oh, I got a. My room got you messed up. And I know why why. Because I got a. Because I got a. Because I got. I got a. I was gonna go to class before I got a. Come on. I could have cheated and I could have passed. But I got a. I was gonna go to court. If I got a. I was gonna play my child support. But then I got a, though you would. I. And I no. I. Why? Why? Because I got help Because I got help Because I got help Not a lot of stuff What they gonna run from the cops But I was half Oh, I'm serious, man I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was half Oh, no, no, no, no But now I'm a therapy Take it and I know my heart Why? Why? Because I got help Because I got help Because I got help Not a lot of stuff I was gonna make love to you Oh, no, no, no, no, no I was gonna need you Fuck me to Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Now I'm checking out And I know why Because I got help You know, you could not get help I can't get help Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no Go on, this is my entire life You could not get help Go on, go on, go on You lost my kids Why? Because I got help I say we're free, let's play, let's play No, say you've been the only side Walking, I know why Why, baby, come on, go on You could not get help You could not get help Let it it it it Almost stopped singing the song Because I'm hungry Baby, baby, come on Singing this whole thing wrong You could not get help You could not get help And you but don't want to feel one I know why Why, baby, come on Because I'm hungry Because I'm hungry Why, you lied on me Let it it it it it it it You could not get help You should be the one Get your way to skip it Baby Come on Come on 20 pass noon That was our new and improved Our longer buzzer Do you like that? Yeah Anyway, moving in and Iraq Decried decision to curb rights less than 40 minutes in counting now Till day Deadly But the past four decades Iraq and women have enjoyed Some of the most modern legal protections In the Muslim world under a civil code that prohibits The majority of the majority of the majority of the Laboratory Divorce and male favoritism in child custody And property in her and in disputes Do you know that? Yes Well Saddam Hussein's dictatorship didn't touch those rights But the US back Iraqi government in castle is voted to Wipes them out Ordering a late December that family laws She'll be cancelled And such issues placed under the Jurifics of strict Islamic legal Dr. Nona Sharia This week, our waged Iraqi women from judges to Cabinetman is sued the Nonstop decision In street protest and a conference is saying What's at that illegal status by centuries And could unleash emotional clashes among various Islamic Strays that have differing rules for marriage Divorce of the family issues This will send us home and shut the door Just like what happened to women in Afghanistan Said, I'm here on Hassan Abdullah A Kurdish attorney who spoke at a protest meeting yesterday Some Islamic laws she noted allow men to divorce their wives on the spot The U.S. law wasn't perfect But this will make Iraq a jungle She said Iraqi women will accept it over there Dead bodies and she might be right Liar horse on the spot Yeah Well, it's kind of moved to Baghdad and become a Muslim Right, I'm getting me a daughter like that After we hear all that gnashing and mowning about all the Berkas and the women that had a hide behind the Berkas in Afghanistan and all the repression And here we are But don't confuse the American public with the facts Because we're liberating Iraq It's operation Iraqi freedom Why Don't go to work a liberation What I had in the reputation man It works like a charm 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line The Fall Arbitron rating book Those numbers will be puked out in our summer in a building In less than 40 minutes And there's going to be lots of wailing Carrying on gnashing of teeth I bought my harpoon One way or the other A guaranteed is going to be lots of screaming And carrying on in this building Am I right? 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Line WQAM Hello Will you please? Speaking Yes Where you aware that Senator John Terry You remember the order of stolen phone I just got through mentioned that about 20 minutes ago Yeah I didn't hear that All right, well I'll talk you like that now Okay, thank you See you at the meeting 560560 Why do I care about that? One of these people will stop already with that Do you care? No Oh, you move Hahahaha I'll find out WQAM Hello Hello Hello WQAM Hello You said You said that as a bar Rover that's farming red box And red dirt Please deposit 100% And dollars for the government Revenge Jones doing a cute voice You just are so bad Such a hard ass about him, you know But then all of them Who's them? Cranks Cranks The lot of them There's a one of me like Just a little bit Just a teeny little We need no I don't like crazies WQAM Hello Hey, yes But you work here Did you see my course Not a course You calm about Who's that? But Michael Morris, you calm Or whatever is daily writing is Clark And why you know Clark I read that as well So yesterday is why he's in supporting a Wesley Clark right Yeah, because I'm kind of Former between Clark and Dean I still been ABB You know anyone but Bush Right, ABB And he made some really good points Kind of like you'll bushes ABB brain You know what brain exactly Which is a reason why There's not big enough to make a sandwich on it But the whole thing about going to Mars And the moon It's so transparent and so obvious And of course every time I think of George W. The Democrats have no new ideas Well, I could swear We've been to the moon before Where other people that did go to the Mars before Right Just more window dressing Wack in the dog trying to bring everybody's attention From the way that they got us lock in this Quackmire that gas is going to be three bucks a gallon this summer Exactly And I hope for a indication now for you And everyone else has been a kid It's ridiculous Not me, I got like, oh my can't cheese to busy smoking bad weed Have a great day pal Yeah, and you know I'm closing Did you see a psychonesmodgerport.com? Because I mean, it's the treasurer's finicky It's killing me Like I said, have a great day Calm down Calm down, take all doggy downers and calm down 560, 0560 Yeah 560 on the AT&T For else coming back Monday Not Modae, not Pink, I fired, not Mad dog got suspended Not Anyway, if you want to real truth about what's going on here You're going to go on here You're going to listen to the show or read Very Jackass Yeah, because he's got the inside pipeline Man, he's got the bonsai pipeline WQA and hello And there's somebody on there They're not speaking but there are actually what somebody on line one Well, we're taking little tiny baby steps Like this is one small step For line one WQA Hey, no, how are you doing? Okay sir All right, did you see a couple days ago Adjusting timbre like one to a club and got pushed in the face Good, I love it So that's the best you've heard all day Oh, right Then the little bitch comes out and then he leaves out the back Wait, cause he doesn't want to walk up the blue front And push together I heard he likes the back door Yeah, by the way Yeah And also on Celia Cruz I just want to say I just want to say I can't buy a team I can't buy a team I can't buy a team I can't buy a team Okay, thank you Merci beaucoup Top that That was pretty good, wasn't it? See, I'm Tony, if you just If you just plot it, no let these Don't let the crazy people get you so All worked up into a frenzy I don't I just don't know You just what? I don't know why you like them so much I don't like them at all I just, I just, you don't, it doesn't make any difference Each call So I roll my eyes They publishes one thing You know what that is? Kills time Excellent I know There we go Sure Doesn't mean I have to like this So I don't like them I used to do, I used to get Oh, I don't mean it's so no cost I hate crazy people I'm finally made And you're working for Greg Reed? I don't know choice WQM hello Yes, uh, is it you that you're a big faggin? Yes, see what I mean? Okay Yes What? He had a question to ask you He's not a crazy person Oh, he was actually carrying a big fag in the answer Yes, okay He didn't sound angry, or upset, or psychodic, or He just want to rely a big fag, yeah I guess he wants a date Not my type How do you know? Believe me WQM hello Hey, the light is done Are you sure? Um, I'm trying to get hold of you for a like over a week Here I am, man Yeah, man You got it I thought talk radio was dead Except for your show Yeah, but I found on your competitor In this local market At five o'clock on Saturday To the guy I swear Because the guy that has a voice Perfectly suited for Panama and quit Yeah How do you keep turning him off every afternoon? Who's that? It's Lionel Host Oh Lionel, yeah Yeah Lionel used to be on FLA in Tampa right Then he went to WABC in New York And now he's syndicated to Lionel He used to be a collar on FLA in the Bob Lassar He beats up bush so bad I mean, I'm sorry that listen to guy One afternoon I left it on for five accident Yeah, what could a half of him? Well, don't let the chief channel find that out You won't hear a show no more if they find out he's doing that Yeah, I'm telling you I've talked about last week that guy got fired in the Arizona As a Roman So anyway, keep it up man Thanks a lot, say that Lionel I will I will I've never seen Lionel and the Ferrell together Same person Under her Lionel He's got that kind of scratchy gruff voice I hope your car gets stolen Like that For us coming back a week from Wednesday Next up is He is See, we count now He's one In town now He isn't town now Right now How do you know that? I was told He's one And he came back there again Why? Why? Why is he coming back to this place? That's bad, is family down here? Yeah He doesn't want to spend a lot of pretty cold up north you're right There must spend a lot of time here This place is a toilet Maybe Maybe Maybe he's with Mo Good point Maybe he's not sick after all Maybe he's just taking a couple of golfing days That could be it Maybe he's hanging out with Mo This people are evil I can some balls Could be Maybe he's whackin' most balls Now how many breaks are we doing this hour three Just three See 31 minutes and 24 seconds Until the little hand hits the big end We've had some big one to two hours in the past But this today I'm gonna tell you seriously You will hear door We don't have earthquakes in south photo But you will hear a sound That will mimic And the earth will be moving Under your feet I'll get done with the ground The ground your sports radio 560 c8 You ain't any better Pride are you besting? Let me back in the ball game No I admit facing beds It only took me about 14 years To go on TV With crack at I'll tears with don't wait For me to say sorry I ain't taking the blame I've been once twice Maybe three times Out of you ball games Supposed to be into the hall of fame I deserve to be in I'm not really a total crook We're all about it In my brand new book Go I bet on my own team And if I pretend to feel shame I will bet Hey Let me back into the old game Such a bad news Two pieces of bad news Sir about that And of course the numbers coming in about a half an hour So it could be a really dark Friday This could be black Friday I thought Monday was supposed to be the black holiday And anyway here's the first one Guess who's not running for the Senate Katherine Harris Excellent Bad news US representative Katherine Harris Will not let Michael Putney's weeping The attires away from his fly US representative Katherine Harris will not enter the Republican primary If he was sent a GOP source today according to AP Seeking instead to run for reelection We're seat in Congress Harris to former Florida Secretary of State Who gained your national attention during the $2,000 a $2,000 presidential steal Well scheduled announce to the citizen news conference later today So I said Harris of making phone calls to supporters and friends To informer them of her decision In other words they got to her The establishment didn't they want Mel Martinez They figures name in Z Florida What's not to like And they don't want her you know whip it everybody up again Because we everybody in Florida know she fixed the election For and a few other Graham So Katherine Harris is not running for the US Senate dammit Sorry Michael Putney And Why did you see who this fax is from? I'm not going to read it just a bit piece of bad news Let me give you a clue Hi, I'm Pally Is that incredible or what? No it's very credible Jeff Heiz former neighbor and boyfriend just won't stop We don't want you to fang nos anymore We want to talk we don't want to talk he denies making those calls Let's him Send you right what you said before is absolutely right Chronic compulsive people who just they can't stop They can't stop So when I'm talking about Moe Browbeating all the underlings and trying to reform a little bit And you know and just being civil all the people around him It isn't going to happen Through the same people cutting you off in traffic Acting like assholes at the restaurants This is the same branch talking in the theater We'll turn their phone off Anyone on the line And can't stop That's it They're compulsive Compulsive a crap Disturbers 560 50560 560 On a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line Our magnificent pool on the arrogors.com today Pretty timely Which of these do you care about most? NFL Playoff 117 Out of 462 The Iowa primary 78 Hockey 66 anybody buy an ad No That's more that we'll have it the game tomorrow night When is Moe leaving 57 Who killed cock robin 37 Wends for discount coming back 34 When is Dave Lonstead leaving 34 By the way I might say the next week Joe Rose of Sonnennese of permanent deal for me to attend Yes he did Send him a man to the moon 27 The Michael Jackson case he pleaded not guilty Uh Michael Jackson case eight And the scuttle AC Peterson case Still has only four out of 1606 vote Only four is 0.8% Their numbers are dropping faster than hours If that's possible 20 4 minutes less 10 seconds 2350 2348 5 to play the ticker I just want to I just want to WKWM There's actually somebody online one 40 Oh yes sir It's me Ah you're family Do you see There you go That's him WKWM hello Why should there was some spik KWM right Hey now what's up How you doing I'm doing okay Uh I think I know the reason behind Uh Us going to Mars Yeah I think we went there to look for weapons of mass destruction Yeah Somebody said that I think was desk ascension The debate in Iowa 560 560 560 560 Would you condo we got 10 minutes to go And then we got that big one to two hour And then we got the weekend We would call him off I would kick them numbers around And kick them and kick the can around And kick stuff around A little bit kick clearance That's I mean that's not even a challenge Like a wet dish rag WKWM hello Yeah Yes sir Let's set the record straight You're not really a danger You're not a danger You're not a danger You're not a danger I never been a buffalo bills fan ever Do I have to listen to you for 10 years Sure I have never been a buffalo bills fan Was a dog fan for a long time I used to go to the games by my own tickets I got disgusted to the whole organization And long before it was any time he Brady was a pay-fits fan So blowout your ass Let's set the record straight There's just another one these jealousy people Never I'll take that back I was a buffalo bills fan a hundred years ago When they were in the old American football league When I was working in Batavia Used to go to all the bills again There's Jack Kemp at quarterback He sucked bringing Darrell Ammonica We want Lamanica to crowd-ready All they'd bring him in finally Loosez and what are we win again Cookie, go Chris Uh, the whole crowd George Sames For Michigan State I remember it well But as far as the NFL's concert I have never ever been a freaking buffalo bills fan The bills bite WKWM hello Hello Hello new Yes? I'm already new Oh listen I'll just give you a quick call Just to go up track a bit But did you see that goal that Rashman scored last night? No, he did not You didn't see it? No. Just to show you how much ESP and sucks up to these Bachelors with a little basketball That was number three in their top ten Followed by of course A little dung, little dung through there Okay great, thanks a lot of good news 560, 505, 60, Pont 560 on the AT&T And Verizon wireless line Leasing a flyers home in home tonight To my anybody here, Karen Toronto I'll tell you that if they can thought themselves out The windshield last night in Toronto 40 below zero Which when you get to 40 below, third night in Celsius are the same Winchio, temperature was 24 below, Winchio 40 below That's cold enough You can walk outside within 30 seconds You're like you're just frozen Right, just like what's your name used to be? On passions Charity Oh charity If you don't know from charity No, as she's mousey you wouldn't like her How do you know? Maybe I like mousey No, that's your castle Oh, mousey Like Christina Eggler In other words, what we could do is have a contest Put a piece of cheese in the trap and find her both at minceo grabs it first She's mousey But then Miguel, I like him He's got him bald mouse WQM hello Neil Yes sir How are you? I'm doing great With a real quick Let's you know that We on red bones Come on a home set tonight I'll be damned I'm going to be down there for that No, no, you won't be down there for that I can't go that Come on, the guy's going to be 70 years old 110 is what I'm hearing Well that's what I'm hearing Who's to be good when he was not 30 man Not anymore though When he was 30 Well that's a good big name and entertainment you get in the home state You know who don't want to come there Oh come on It's not bad down here Is it? No, could be worse How's that? That's right, could be sweet water you're right You could be sweet water you could be good Could be ghouls There are no ranger You're right Good luck to you, paley Take care, paley I'll see you at the border I'll see you at the crossing All right, bye All right 560, 50560, pound 560 on a year What are we smiling about? What are we carried? Did we do the second break? Yeah, we did Oh, no, we're great, we're golden Right till the top of the hour, school and shower time at QAM I just took one Did you? Can you smell it? I start Oh no, not us, but I do No, actually Oh, let's go, let's go Let's all go to Italy I mean why not the power 96 people get to go Sure, they got to go Except Greg didn't get to go And I scorn for real You screwed up Greg's tripped Italy I'm so happy for nothing else we love for real for that Huh? That's why Greg will crush, show us ugly ass and ear And by the way, don't come waltz and end just because I'm talking about it on ear I don't need to see you while I'm here I have no need to see him It is so obvious It's like when I was the last week in Toronto I made the comment to you about the one to two hour that we done last Wednesday We're actually doing four full hours on Wednesday And working and earning our pay And then I made the cost a comment about how Between our middle management Brain part there Neither one of them had any comment about it I'd like to know what it was And then on Friday morning Duff comes into the studio Oh, Neil, we really enjoyed that Yeah, right Who the hell are you kid When the two of them come in together And that of course that whole dog and pony show Was about Zach getting blow off the morning show If you recall Yeah, which is not even worth It's not even worth discussing It's not even worth farting about He doesn't care He's okay, he's still here He'll just find being the door man at the dial house Maybe sniff him a little bit over there But everybody can get a hold up But boy, talk about a pimple on everybody's ass They're made into a gigantic into a mountain Not just a mole, but into a huge mountain Because there are a bunch of emotional cripples around his place That's the other reason it's so pleasant to be here I'll be gone soon WCOM, hello Hi Yes I like to speak to New Rogers Speaking Hey Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good, how are you doing? Pretty good You were talking about minor Yeah I've listened to this show a couple of times And you know who we were reminds of How are you? How are you? How are you? Who's that? Remember running run? Yeah The Joe Peshiron The Joe Peshiron Right So when that's the one Talking to me Well, what's the crap The morning show Yeah And He is his voice I think he's one of the runs But he changes his name for legal reasons Who's one of the runs? The Lionel No he's not No he's Lionel Okay Right He changes his name for illegal reasons His name is Lionel Whatever it is he was a collar on a bob last That show years ago And FLA and Tampa And that horse ball And then he became a talk show host No wonder it's easy to make stuff up And they believe it But he knew about that Because you can tell them the truth And they don't believe it They're not listening They're not listening Anyway the one thing I want to hear is the sound of their own voices They don't wait to hear You know what I'm saying? Neil Rogers is my lover Yeah Boy was he a beauty Huh? What him deadlocks? Yeah Better deadlocks than Ricky Widdler He was a dreadlocked mullet He was Oh Man And then nasty And nasty strippers They used to have it a hallways there And woo Man You could pull them apart A lot into a sedemars park and spot Searchable and you could smell You could just smell the Pup coming from the Oh I don't want to see what Orifice 560560 That's your one over big didn't it? No He's just talking about me What is that? What is that? He's seen his life He didn't even check it out He was like I saw him and he was limp He never even talked about being a pussy He didn't have the balls to even come over Be on the show That's a real pussy You know Hmm Segar's the Indian Never seen him and I'll go together Same person Segar's the engine He was a little darker Ron Boy In fact he never seen him together with PD Lenny He was PD Lenny on stilts Only the hair was different That's right Who's that? WQAM Any nail Yes sir Hey look Good women is the people going to get tired of spending money Overseas with our tax money And then now we have money to go to Mars But we don't have money to take care of It's a good Indian safe state Right Right Don't you agree? At 100% 400% For 10 times in November pal Just remember Markid down right now Markid on your arm Make a momento To yourself So you haven't seen a movie like in chronological order No I ought It's interesting That's what Teddy said He said watch it from the S&D Bonsada again In regular backwards right You know knowing what was going to happen And got more out of it this time But when you see it like in real chronological order Then you really get something out Because that's it It was very fun watching it with someone who's never seen it before Because the good part of it is the credit still roll back Yeah So in the beginning And you say, yeah I wonder if this is going to work And guess what it works When you have your Easter egg 560560 But then something I don't get it I just don't understand why they do that Something to do It's the almost as good as being in that skull and bones deal W to QA and hello Tell them you Yes sir Which sentana found you like better I don't like sentana I can't stand Carlos sentani Makes me sick to my stomach And you know who I really can't stand Who's the guy that's saying that the smooth what tell us his name? Smooth Robby Robert to robby something Fenson Oh They must have plenty of time So they play that Fuck third man Every station Okay, Santana makes me burp Damn Oh God Yeah Why? Why do they do that? Why do they keep bringing back these This part of the committee that conspiracy To tell you that What is it that the words that it may lay here They want to cancel the Mariah Carey concert Because they're afraid of women with one big breast This is she's a pervert in the bitch And she seems a lot of Louise Miguel songs And he's still the one on no part of her W to QAM Hello Yes sir Yes Yes I'm gonna know I'm the long time of first time with a colon With a phony voice Yeah I'm okay Good W to QAM hello Pretty good sir I'm a fiddled The up to a fake pipe Phone here I'm on 995 Who are women's girls? Yeah W to QAM hello QAM hello Yes sir I'm in the M W to QAM hello I don't know Yes sir How are you doing? I'm doing great Good I want to get in touch with you That is actually when you are talking about that Greg Make you and on long get together And you are such a I don't say Greg I didn't say Greg I haven't seen Greg Heider here Or may I not do that Somebody did say to die I say that to you I say what Say what No no no no no they did not Nobody said that to nobody I came in and he was in a park And lots sitting out there We got into a screaming match And then it all evolved And then I said I thought about I said this is bull crap I still can't stand him Oh I'm so I'm so I'm so excited See for you to assume that Greg would have initiated that Would be to assume that he's really Running the radio station It's a hands-on operation as opposed to Heading and being a coward in the child And believe you me he's a hand on the do with it I'm so I'm sure But I'm so funny and give me the whole I'm sorry I thought it can do that You know I just say what the same Anyway I didn't go to see him Well then I just get through telling you I saw him in a park A lot of I was coming And you see when you come into this building There is a door You know what I mean When you come into most buildings There's a door through which you must enter You can't come flying in with a parachute You have to come into the door He was outside Say Okay Okay Okay see See that's what Greg told you to meet with me last week Five six seven I mean no matter what you tell these people You tell them the truth is about the forlthing Ah no there's something else Okay whatever you say Joe Rose just died in a horrible swimming accident And Mad Dog lost his leg in the toaster And the hump were exploded from being too fat And whatever Whatever you want I don't know anything No make up their own story Right If you try to tell the American public the truth I don't know anything anyway Did much rather hear some wild story Jackson and Court first of all We don't see Jackson and Court he played the gully It's that's it What? I mean not guilty For that it was that a frigging shirt I mean you know Big time I was just wishful thinking What I want to spoil all that fun WQM99 Hello WQM hello That was Greg QM Wow that was exciting It was You had the great one WQM hello WQM hello You're right about Reverend Jones by the way He will die this month QM Hey Neil Yes sir What's going on buddy? Not too much Do I know what? These nuts These nuts and nuts and nuts and you're nuts We know you're nuts WQM hello Yes I'd like to pick with Neil please Speaking Neil I just wanted to reach out to you I know that you're thinking about attending And you're thinking out that You're going to change your colours If you're wardrobe Oh this is the wardrobe guy again I'm not I love my pink outfit That's an excellent shirt by the way Beautiful clothes You're comfortable with it right It's a floor to shirt I would ever wear this in Toronto Or in Amsterdam or in place So I send out a signal flake in the middle You don't have to send out a signal flake in the middle You don't have to send out a signal flake in the middle So you don't have to send out a signal flake in the middle So you don't have to send out a signal flake in the middle Thank you The great R is all over the place WQM hello Oh Can I tuck a Neil? Speaking Yeah Have you tried any of your sir? I said happy Friday to you Oh happy birthday man Okay Ah You're a bald saggy Yeah WQM hello Awesome I heard Q&A Yes Neil Voice of Reason I'm sorry I haven't really listened this week very much But I went on Because I'm a schmuck What can I tell you? It's been quite admitted But what was your feeling on the polo In the interview on 60 minutes You're the night Because I thought it was wonderful I thought okay now the democrats have some great Great ammunition to go out Dennis So this was the only one in the debate They only went up and called it a book It went nuts about it And then take Kennedy the other day Yesterday morning I played it on here He was also quoting Neil book And everybody in the country I had to be forced to at least read those couple of pages But they won't I agree They won't The state has the The SA's factors are stupid Stupid Well the thing that he's an empty suit We all knew that But the other things that were That were revealed I thought We're just unbelievable So now we got some ammunition The democrats ought to go out there Line man And a room full of deaf people Keep it in mind I'm going to flip my wrist I'll see it the polling place pal See it the old pool place Maybe fat boy will be there at the old pool place With a stupid ass neighbor too By the way Dave I'd die Just die Don't go away man Just die Even fat boy H2 Which is you would die Diana Look at us it's 1251 Wow They pressure now if you crack the door Oh man Look at that a big giant cloud Just came see but in here In fact it came out of the door Wow From the direction of Muff and Clorence's office The pressure because they know that this could It could be anything Right We could wind up with a big kiss in the Sember And maybe get Yeah, I'll salvage a pretty decent book We could wind up Yeah about where we were in the trend Which is pretty marginal Or we could wind up with another death Now Month Which would be really really bad And then of course Greg Who doesn't handle those kinds of things well He'll be emotional What would be that in him And stuff? What are we going to do? And that kind of crap Hey it's really In fact maybe we ought to hope for that last part The last choice Okay because it's kind of fun to watch them manage their teeth Especially when you know you're dealing with people Haven't got any idea what they're doing Who's just been Faking their way through and looking away for a long long time WDQAN Yes sir Hey You're a pack of things right? I think you're pardon me yes? Yeah Yeah man I was by the grandson His cell like hopped off there It was why? Yeah it was Yeah it's not like up dog WQAN hello Oh no In this sad how they can't even Well you know yes No this morning I went through this long thing about how Most people haven't got an original thought in their head Yeah And so when they have nothing to say The New Deal is that either take something Somebody else called it And say to them They'll take something from a bit they play like And then they'll try to like either Outdoor or repeated it it's pathetic It's not you understand why the 700 club is on the air Oh I know and Janet Paul Cronch And who's in those other cars and Fox News Network And Channel 7 News All these things And Jackie Johnson She has a Johnson Oh yeah I saw this morning Yes, it's a strap on the stable To strap on she inherited it from Syria 560560 In fact that's what Skippy said to us Go ahead and say what you do with that He says I like the Syria Shut the case Oh poor Brian Highland let's bring Brian Highland what are you saying Come on Brian sing it again WQAN hello Kaka moon get it right goi WQAN hello Yes sir WQAN hello Hey Neil Yes One thing sir about the true thing I think you were a little bit too far with that You know she's a monkey face Why do you say that? Because he was a monkey face What's wrong with that? Look we're Cuban descendants of my family They were sorry Upset at the comments you may Well you know what's upman's rear Look you tell yourself No you know Elvis that's the one you like I don't like it I don't like it But what he does about freaking out She gets too Yeah Fony is there Cool Yeah so fake man Not even Cuban Probably a Reacon 560560 probably a beener Nothing could be meaner than an angry old beener WQAN hello Hello Oh WQAN hello Neil Yes I'll give you one reason why I'm Support of any type of major space project Yes Jobs Great jobs There you go I'm sure Community is there All the importance Big friends they were lucky And bowling all that's great Well also the economies of the various cities Yeah Coco B, Chantville, California Yeah Coco B, the whole state of California Is that a city now? Pretty big city if you ask me 560560 560 560 on the AT&T And Verizon Wireless Line All them jobs That's to be placed in ones That all his big business buddies are sending overseas To the Chinese and every police else All his yeah All that in the all those slave labor Oh did you see the piece was that what show was that on I don't know about the Indians that are answering the phones now Right That's just unbelievable All of the jobs Oh the shipping all the jobs to the cheapest Like four cents an hour kind of being the counter assholes It's unbelievable Wow That was a shock And then they showed that they have classes Where they teach them to speak English like Americans Sure Why can't they do that for the brits 5607 560 560 on the AT&T I'm watching him shower right now On the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line I love that bit And I love him more than you Because you just you haven't had as much experience with the brits as I have over across the pond No they are everything that you hear there and then some It's just there there's nothing I embellished there It's a that's a counter to few They are such a bunch of silly geese man It's not a lovely hear than talk So embarrassing It's pathetic Which in these do you care about that Most I'm glad to see we got a few people out there care about something It's good 501 votes It's not too bad The NFL playoffs 131 care the most about the playoffs Let's go what's their name Oh, pets The Iowa primary 86 Hockey 68 right you should live so long When is Moe leaving 60 Who killed cock robin 43 When is Dave wants that leaving 37 When is for outcome in back 36 Setting a man to the moon is got My co-tax in case nine he completed not guilty by the way And I what is this to find the warrant to be on seal interfere with him getting a fair trial later So that's probably the proper Well media is appealing the gag order right now Michael said he was gagging on it He said it was pretty big for like a nine year old Michael's accent case nine and Scott and lesie Peterson case only four Guess what George it's three minutes till one I see that it's okay to take the plug out now Okay Boy it's the one to two hour Any minute now they're gonna come walks it in here baby They're gonna have a long sad look on those pussy's believe me They probably said that we're like a little more They provided that will be you by the No You say And said It's the one He got Now they have only one They take They don't have Don't put your power shut down We got it Now we're all hoping and say We got it We won't let pack us down We got it Where's my dream All right You say nine eleven is what they got You say You say Can't get any gum or the No one can't get a dream You believe What they say And they said Like the ball I'm a fella Of all As they embrace I still Let's take So they're all We're true Tell me a lecture We got it We've got it We got it Get them on your knees We got it We're all We got it Please, we're like Jesus Maybe kiss boy Chris Bush I said 101 and 560 WDQM We haven't got any numbers yet No We will though Soon In fact, when the trends came out The last trend I don't know why Because you were vaccinated And we haven't thrown But the moment the little hand at the big hand Here came the first page I mean that was that was pretty prompt But now of course there has to be a lot of mass you can teeth And who's going to be a great man Oh Josh Cortis poor Josh We don't know They're probably going to spank him It will probably be dumb But that's as he wants to spank you Josh Don't let him do it Huh? It'll probably be dumb What he wants to take out his frustrations on You know because he's going to be really bad I guarantee a one thing we're not going to be playing today We're number one Dammit Here in T now but you most life on it In case you missed it, Mo is illin He was out last two days again I think God was punishing him for that Fony dog that insincere dog and pony show He tried to pull out See if he would I don't know if he would ease Oh oh oh oh Did you see the look on his face? No I didn't I have never If he could have just If the doctor would have said we have to Appetate both your arms and one leg He couldn't have had a more grim look on his face Do you have any comment? Any commentary? Come on Down That's your target What does that mean? Oh oh we dropped it off that huge September So we had a good look We did? The same word ordered at the Are you sure? You think? He doesn't know yet Because this is twelve years Yes, what does it mean anything But he is he is pulling it so hard Am I just pop off in a second Yeah He is squealingy Listen anything you can do To help us put a hex on it On a machine In fact just crossing out Make up some good numbers How about that? We'll just lie Oh look at that we had a twenty share Oh no! How about this? Number one! Yeah that's very big in his business Especially in this market A lot of people in the bread Any numbers they lie in lie Let's see Oh Jesus WCMQFM is number one Oh this is a spikfast They've never been number one On the history of this This is twelve plus Monday two Sunday One week WCMQFM What are they play? Who's he? Or Siliacruz That's what it was We screwed up You done it I was my fault If you would've just told me Hey kiss her ass Because those spikfast Siliacruz We've got that thirty share Man But no Monkey face my ass Well no monkey ass my face CMQFM number one The five point Oh that's a low number Life dropped from a six one From there almost always number one To four point This is the most FUPA that are Book I have ever seen Where did they go? Power went from a five four to four Six EDR is third power's fourth Radio Romancea went up again So did the spikfast WCMQFMQFMB What is that? Where did that come from? Must have been you It wasn't me I'm not playing anything here It's in there It was in a control I don't put anything on it here That was somebody in a control And put a pot on Okay somebody's doing the old pot See if you can get some Look at that wacky all the spikstations When zooming up I'm M.I.B. I'll do it Oh, Rottio Romancea went from number 18 To number 8 To 6 to a 4 one To spikfast your man Even the shows couldn't handle it We have we have finally maxed out on spikst in this market Where did our lizio D in us? 12 plus IOD from a three four down to a two eight All my precipitous drop I hope that WIOD and we went from a two eight to a two six Over on the station Almost flat Drop it off that big September It means we might not have anything Right But that's 12 plus Zeta From a two eight to a two five QBA Every Spanish language station went zooming up In a sub book Oh, great That is we need an investigation Call up Maybe that's why you're not finding anybody in town Maybe all the angles left The angles are gone in the holios Or even got midday here 12 plus I didn't know that He didn't tell me that He didn't want to prepare me for the shock 3 5 to a 3 0 Oh boy Say 12 plus Not good Not good IOD 4 5 to a 3 6 So 12 plus we took a precipitous drop on a show What about that morning show Huh I don't see it on the first page 6 to 10 a.m. W What's this called? IOD 3 5 3 3 In a morning Down a little bit 3 3 to a two eight Reseta Q m 2 4 2 4 flat 2 4 2 4 Us 3 5 3 0 Down What about the afternoon The hump or the bumper Not on the first page But 3 1 to a 2 8 Down So we need a morning state flat But when you're that low I mean you know what can you do Where can you go So these numbers 12 But again like you said it doesn't it doesn't mean anything Huh Yeah, could mean But the holio fact there is just shocking here And you never seen anything like this They you people must reproduce like rabbits You said it years ago What's that? Where I knew anything about numbers You ever try and doesn't know how to sample this market Right Except when we're number one We're number one In a little bit of a few On to the age of 10 Sure than two feet Michael Jackson paid not guilty by the way Anybody care? No So there you go WCMQFM now What do they play? Who teach you? I don't know. I'll go ask somebody I'm going to tell you Honestly, something to think about Think about changing a format to a hoochie kuchi What can be wrong with that? Right? Why not? Is that a greek? Is that a greek? No, right Is that a greek? Yeah Yeah When the head's in the guamirat I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go I'll go Wait I'll go I'll see you in awesome So there you go There's the 12 plus numbers Don't look too promising for us V5 to a 3.0 Oh! In midday 12 plus 3.0 We've had lower than that In 12 plus We've had like 2.8 to a Sure That's what we have Me and very much Basically what that means is we didn't have any Ponce listening We didn't have any A queen or a school anyway And we didn't have any old farts Or queen They hate me like Poison anyway And the feeling is mutual So there you go So that's where we're still waiting Now I've got all of them I'm not even going to Bobbers stapling this stuff Okay, do up there I'm just making this in a big pile, okay? Okay No, it doesn't mean it's not our bag, okay? It's not our bag Author dies after face lift Best selling author Olivia Goldsmith Has died after her face lift went wrong Oh! She was best known for the first wife's club Which was turned into the 1996 hit Films during Goldie Han, bitmiller and dying Keaton, as three friends who take the revenge on Sheeding has been zoo dumped in for younger women Remember that the first wife's club? No I've never seen her. I've never seen her. The 54 year old writer who's real name was justine Randall Had been in a deep coma for more than a week Cause by reaction to anaesthetic while she was having plastic surgery She died last night in Manhattan How do you like that? Oh look at it look on his face Holy crap man He gave me a look like somebody just farted Right in his face Must have been the beast Jesus 18 to 34 This isn't our bag The next one's cut Your bag is coming My bag is coming I says we'll run Benington Said too So have you seen it? Reoverall Amen Well that's not so bad Well that's not a disaster Huh? I don't see no bonus money come with that kind of a number though For you Right Maybe for anybody Certainly not for you In fact regardless of the number Mr. Forget about it 18 to 30 18 to 34 And this is not our crowd No But we can get a sense of the closer to our crowd What is he doing? They're making an expressway Get out of here Don't be making a project We're not in any big hurry for these okay Oh look at that Oh not good Duff just dropped 100 When you clean it up clearance Get the old broom Give me like a nasty look 2554 And you're running out of a six out of a four eight We're number three But a very very like Luster from a six point Oh In a summer to a four eight That's the overall station WQA Mornings I bet you morning's hit some serious ass QAM 5 3 to a four eight down a half a point That means we're way down there Over number two Well that's better I thought we might be 8 out of a five eight Five eight towards And look who's number one See this is this is this is the most screwed up WCMQFM Four five with six six They went from number eight to number one in men This is the most funny There needs to be a congressional investigation Okay We're coming in a little Havana Hialia Hialia Gardens Sweetwater We're going to like kick your ass This is unbelievable This is worse than the freaking Mary Albo lift 6.6 for see We don't even know what that label He says with each other QAM55.8 Well word We're number two That's the 10 to three number though Yeah What do you have but let's see how three to seven I'm sure they better than we did Guaranteed Oh Seven out of a five one Yeah, but we're still never going to beat the six six No We had a five eight F-9 to five one Well, at least we're back on the king of the hill We're on top Like Clarence says he likes to be on time Because the beast made way 600 pound So anyway Big is number one on the F-9 is that make any sense No This whole thing is all over the place There are stations that aren't even broadcasting They're written this book Boy, I think arbitran needs a big fat lawsuit And a major congressional investigation Call up Ted Kennedy Call up some good liberal Seven of midnight nobody cares Oh sorry, Eddie K. We love you, but nobody cares What's what happened seven of midnight? In fact, what happened? Men 2554 QAM375 That's October November December which includes a little bit of that The World Series stuff I-O-D-4133 That's the heat The heat get beat every single time That's just the games the ratings So why are you standing there What am I going to tell you about this? Is it sucks? So what does that mean men? Well I'll tell you what it means Five eight and twenty four Seven team point four And what we have we had a six five and a four four Oh no, this is 2554 we don't know what that means We had the five four and five two That's what we had ten six That means we had a six eight In 2554 men in December That's good day No, it's not great No, it's not good better than that For whatever Right, no, we didn't have a four In 2554 and I was 18 plus Or we don't do that Okay So that means we make it a comeback in December Both Boy and November really Just stuck it right up our ass And look at this man Since I said stuck it up our ass Look at this my on clearances face Said brought back a lot of great memories So there you go We're number two damn it We've been dethroned by a station And nobody ever heard of that nobody knows what it is It's a spik and spursy man Wow I knew that day would come when he just would be outnumbered You know what I'm talking about I believe Marbert trying No No kidding They don't know where the spik's live in this market Is it 80 Is it 80 Is it 80 What do you mean where the spik's live in this market Is there a place where the spik's don't live in this market That's a point out See yeah In other cities Do you know the MQFN This looks to me like the most wired diaries In the history of the arbitron rating system I've never I mean we don't mind you know Losing out but to them to them in addition to which let's take a puke at what's going on Me I would rush you know what I mean Mm-hmm with rush Find the look at this way five four to a four eight midday and I would be From fourth to fifth We kicked their eyes by full point The only afternoon driven from a seven-old away five one And that's very dolphin season October, November, December all dolphin stuff And still Same result Pretty weak Pretty pretty weak Okay, well we're trying our best okay, we do it in the best we can And the meantime, so the morning with all that hype and all the bull crap Not no big story there Sorry 113 at 560 WQM at this time of the year man You want to be sure you get a good night's say because the ratings might come out You might drop from number one to number two So you want to go home and put your head down on the pillow and just cry And sleep for hours Get yourself a great mattress that lets you get a great night sleep or anytime you want to hop on it From dialometrist celebrate the new year in comfort Where would the great new mattress and dialometrist pick up that phone and call them right now Dialometrist is proud of how it's during the man and his foster there already strong championship lineup Stewards and foster is the finest mattress made in America now you can sleep on one tonight By calling one eight hundred mattress right now And of course they also carry the other top names in a business like surdah Similarly Simmons King Queryl temper peatic choose from dozens of models that lower every day on beatable discount prices And keep in mind as far as deliveries concerned to best in the world Only dialometrist lets you choose that to our delivery window that meets your schedule When you're going to be home when it's convenient for you not just for them Any day seven days week from eight in the morning till ten a night with low prices same day delivery free set of enrollants easy to see By dialometrist is ranked number one customers satisfaction So the smart thing be like us here at QMB smart not dumb like the people at WCMQFM Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES or you'll find them online if you like at mattress.com My And low this is for 23-0-56 Way to way You should know it on CNBC there's a brand new voice in cable news I thought it's been I don't want to go out for the rad here, but it's time for the top stories Okay, it's Dennis Miller Finally a news anchor who gives you the packs in no uncertain terms Our old friend Howard Dane says he can defeat George W. Bush Okay, how we yeah and you know septium as a better chance of jumping ahead of support you Among the periodic table, okay Dennis Miller on CNBC reporting the top stories in a line which you can understand How about that sedan? Just guys borrow brain damage the copayashi up to the uspuko he the contest that the yakuper Pondarosa Dennis Miller playing news and playing talks Don't get left behind like Tom Bumpa Dillon the Lord of the Rings movies Stay informed and watch me Dennis Miller That's the news and I am out of here We are trying for fourth in a morning, but it's a down to before eight Anyway, definitely just saying pop pop pop pop pop like that Once 17 at five six he's trying to make a story out of this. Okay, you're right time for fourth They don't let a bad all the four way. Yeah, it's okay. Is it great? No. No. So we have all these transitions going on. Of course this this was on the heels of a transition right Would not for all evening and Joe coming in although yeah, it was Now what do he just hand me oh I don't want this I don't want this at all Persons 18 plus why do I want that do I want that no No five six seven so we got a whole bunch of ratings here and all you people out there You can say a prayer for us, okay? Just go to show me many team plus is what I'm looking for Oh, oh, I want you to apologize five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and see they're not cried as much We got a little bonus money out of this we squeeze some out right second Who the hell was on our ass oh nobody in a man. No look at this oh this what did I tell you that Say to you there is nobody down here now this fall yeah, there's nobody here magic in men 2554 Went from number 12 from a three seven which is about what they always do to third with a five point. Oh man in midday Magic magic Big is fourth IOD five four to a four eight rush was back and they still went down Life six eight to a four three this is the most caught oh and kiss look at this kiss kiss it Look at kiss two seven or four two a midday Hey, so you got a bunch of nose pickers, but your crackers and Cubans with a dash of hips Speaks and hips you got it and chicks Getting there a kicks and lips I'm probably a few dumb dicks 2550 40 afternoon big five five their number one. I mean, this is just all over the place Some day part some stations go way up other day parts to go way down like big How was steering one from eight one to a ten five in a morning and then ten point five shared double digits again for how he Man Life I think what we need is great to keep my shift in the schedule around again. How about if we do like 11 to three? Okay mad dog in the morning mad dog in like six to eight PM hand can do like one to four in a morning Mo can do like three thirty to four thirty. Yeah, you know, let's just keep shoffin around work for Pete Bolzer not Three to seven boy that's that's quite a precipitous and the light the light the list of ship fell off the edge of the globe See we need loyal listeners we need people listen on and on for and he afternoon a light the list of ship went from five hours a week to three and a half hours ours went from nine hours a week to six the way to safe Yeah, was that the new format we're gonna say everything in Spanish We're gonna say both times and bilingual first we said in English. I'm all I mean So there we go. It's just a real ball of crap is what is that in Jimmy facts is he says And he also says don't forget to check their who we're decurs about to ratings That's right as of today. We never cared about the ratings here. Did we? Oh, no. We never cared about it We still get some money. We still get a little bit of money George gets like a couple of pesos And since the Hispanic factor was so big you will be getting paid in pesos Rick says I'm a pretty much interested in the QAM particularly your show I grew with everything you say about King Bush and his noble men Dean is getting a little soft He needs to think his Viagra pills again Come on get that thing up there again Howard. I'll pick it up in Canada for him. Oh, you can go to Amsterdam Neuronestreet's coke X to see biagra by the way can you tell me what kind of Lincoln was Canon driving? It wasn't a Lincoln. I don't think it wasn't in a mercury marquee That's what I thought I thought also what is the next van hit I money to burn well Rick We wish we'll take your money. We don't have no more van hits because the fundraiser is oh that's right. It's not a van hit But George will be at Bill Siddles. He'll be the Senate to guy in fact Maybe we can get some an understar listening. What do you think no? What what is I want somebody to call it and tell us what the hell is the format of WCM QFM? No speaking in glaze Do you have any ideas? I obviously some kind of a music station. Why is that obvious? Because it is okay. It's not a talk station. How do you know? Because the talk Spanish like with talk stations are on am QBA But isima no wrong 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on a AT&T line Q of Q AM Yeah, sir. How are you today? All right? When these people call you and say well it can't happen here You know what what can't happen here You know this guy savage Michael Salvation. Yeah, not see you More than the rare on the air last night. Why are you listening to that? Well, I just thought I was tuning over but I did listen to it So he came on the air last night or anything about how Michael Powell should it take down by a comic executive in Howard Stern take them off the air Leave it to top of the globe. He said it like 20 times last night. You know, that's not how it still isn't going to happen I understand that but yet again people say well it just you know there's no undercon it can't happen Not just an undercoordance and overcoord I mean, it's we got that Nazi out there in California They were public congressmen and once they like add 4,000 more words on there that we can be fine for and throw in jail and take it off the air Of course there were press nays unbelievable and the public is sitting back with her finger up each other's ass And he called it I mean, you know, he got taken down off them that's empty for because somebody he called some What he called the fact is he said to them you better drop that or something gets some kind of disease And then he went on the air and that's damn said they're trying to take away my library Right, that's right and he's doing the same thing He's a hypocrite just like rush That's all in other words don't do what I do do what I say I mean when he said take them down take them off the air and and people go You know, he said he's a spoon But I hate to break the news to you so the people listen to Howard Stern I trust Mary and I listening to a Michael Savage Don't understand that but but he's talking it he's talking to the sir. I understand thank you just calm down I just you're giving me an nervous stomach Yeah, but 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Well, we got a little bit of an italian couple. We should go. We had a lot of work to do. We got to do a lot more in 2004 For more anti-castro Right more stride net at my lot more celiac-rism music sure and George wants to make a public apology for the terrible monkey face comments He made about Celia Cruz I Sweet you were the best sweet art What she would best For a guy with a strap on 567 or was it a woman with a strap on or a guy with a strap in? I don't know what it was 560560 old gorilla push pound 560 on a AT&T in fact precious on passenger was pretty pissed off Somebody compared her to Celia Cruz and precious was filming at the mouth. How dare you? W to Q a m Q a m 21's W Q a m hello Neil yes, sir 98.3 I think is that station What is it but salsa meringue is so they are cruising all that is in moment Oh, so in other words it was us again Celia Cruz Yeah, but let me tell you let me explain something Zip it Bring something now during the holidays you know all the spics gathered together and they're happy in Jolly and right out like probably the three kings parade and coyote and all that stuff They started to enemies of the state between each other and they all drop So you have not been a worry about what does any they'll drop they are not they all hate each other You know, you know, they fight against each other so then like all your sister slept with my brother and all that stuff and then they make up like in November And they all start listening to you know happy music that they you know I actually saw that was the Permanent of the gay spirit but that's what I'm saying. Don't you worry about it you start kicking by again right up All right, amigo. All right, okay, that made me this yeah All right, he said he likes that that Jesus juice. Oh Here's parents with some even more numbers. He's got kind of that same like you know, he's like a look on his push like well He's you know full of software about it now. No, no, we can do can't change him now We're up against the man Cilia Cruz all day Oh All right, I told it was a guy Many team plus let's take a puke at this George. Oh look at that We fall from first to second Damn it But tie for second. Oh, and look at what's the top two stations in man. This is overall that this is criminal If you people at arbitron up there in Beltsville, Maryland if you can't find a few people speaking in glaze Then we know but he's got a Chinman sense if you've heard that expression even at the laundry Number one, WCMQFM from from 4.6 number 4 to a 5.6 number one number two Radio Mumbi wacky from a 39 number 10 to a tie for second 4.8 tie with us overall It's hard to feel bad about that though. Why it's like your wife leaving you for a lesbian. What are you gonna do about that? I mean with people that speak that language are gonna listen But the fact that man raised that between the summer book when we did so well and some of these stations did okay, but not great Like your QA radio mom be going from 10 to second No angler got diaries Because there were no anglers here. I've been telling you then all known you and you wrong I told you that I saw it on a website in November I saw it and we still see some of it. I don't know where they are. I saw that the track last night did I come in on that earlier I don't remember to hell everybody went and we saw it again last year to at this time There's something that goes on in this market that's asked backwards from what it used to be Used to be when a weather would start getting cold up north November December That's when the snowbirds would come down as places to be packed congested everybody was here now And they come down December for a little bit for the holidays and then they van moisten till February again Just for a quick brunch. Yeah, that's it quick meal at the Amal Coast and they're out of here This is just a strange place in case you haven't noticed Magic 13th to 4th in men you talk about a bunch of wire diaries man Woo Magic from a 360 or 4th three from number 13 and men 18 plus to number four does anybody believe it Even my friend Ricky Ticket. I'll believe it. Oh chance kiss two seven in other words We're talking about stations that were way back in nowhere all of a sudden zooming up is there any way that ever happened? Oh, no, it don't happen Kiss goes from number 16 and men to number five from a two seven to a three nine From seven point from seven and a quarter hours listening wait to 10 hours They must have some good. That was in the anti-dixie jiff crowd. That's that Toby Keith. Oh The Toby Keith crowd, but in a meantime I O.D. Goes from a 4 8 to a 3 8. They suck wind While in a meantime we're doing a 4 8 so we beat them in men anyway So take that put that in your pipe and smoke it bored you piece of crap you ax murder you grave robber you you scumbag Anything else I should end to that loser Neanderthall. Trog with I What Just like you under a lot of stress I can see in your face life is too short together by the way We sucked no no actually we did we did okay If you if you were to take this book and rejig I can say that readjig or We do it and take that ethnic waiting and straight into the way it ought to be we'd be right on topic. We'd be fine But this if you look look at that look at that bomb doing the spot take a puke again At that overall man at the top two stations there and see if anybody believes that and look at where they're coming from look at magic on it See where they're coming from that's enough to make you want to craft your pants I'll have to make you want a flip over he took his cap By the way, lose some weight. Wait a please rich show good friend of ours 40 years in a business he is ballooning up everybody's catching it I think he's getting some of the hump or sloppor He's got some of that extra meat that was 29 past one at five 60 WQM. He had the new years is here speaking of fat people a lot of us are and If you're on one of those low carb diets, whether it's the adkins Whether it's that the South Beach side. It's a rip off, but yeah, whatever any of those sugar busters Here's the story of an alum because it's got everything for you. It's the license was Boka the number one low carb store in the universe And the vet of worth thousand low carb products for you to choose from other with things with some taste and variety Including breads and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies Trucklets ice cream pasta sauces that are out of this world by the way catch up cheese cakes and lots more and Delights you'll find a biggest selection of low carb items anywhere in the universe and they're open every day Seven days a week from ten to ten. You can try anything the store before your buy and they got the biggest lesson of atkins products Western peace anywhere in the world are on sale today next to kiss in every day So if you're on any of these low carb diets, which are becoming more and more popular by the minute head for the number one low carb store in the Universe the lights of West Boca you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed and 441 right next to Boston market or column toll free at 1 877 low carb. That's with a W L O W C A R B 1 877 low carb or check them on a web at low carb dot com there's only one the lights of West Boca Your official atkins retail says From rustic may vary RFD he went on to become progressive rocks greatest and best groomed artist and now all his best Luz songs are available on one CD. It's the very best of pink flight the barber Oh Welcome baby, who welcome to the she Every pink flight the barber song has been digitally remastered in this CD box set that's a cut above the rest Money Get away Get a good job and good name You're okay The very best of pink flight the barber contains all your favorites like have a cigar Oh, be it if we tell you the game again But we've because ride the green train As well as this pink flight the barber classic run like Hey, buddy, who they catch you with a vaccine try to pick him a lose lost Oh, Eddie Eddie's gonna search you back a beat a cardboard boss Very best of pink flight the barber is not available Installed call On he six till two at five sixty WM the mad dog is coming along at two the Humper is an institute for he's in the building the load And what we got tonight Joe and Mark from the seven attend in actual living and breathing time when somebody might be awake Joe and Mark tonight and then Eddie K follows that overnight sporting news radio Touches it is we still don't find out what this station got a SPN radio. No. Oh good probably one that's not even on here I mean you take a look at this and it makes you want to just scream Makes you want a gag I mean we don't mind getting beat out, you know, especially when you've been on top so long But at least let us get beat out to a station that might actually be accurate. This is just all you know what it's like It's like they took a bunch of I had they took a big hat Took a bunch of little pieces of prescription paper wrote down stations at numbers on it and just put it all in a hat and shook it up That's what they did I mean Howard Stern all of a sudden is just on fire man, Baba buoy On fire and if anybody thought we were kick in some serious ass and more we were doing okay But nothing nothing spectacular Right right do and fine number one in the morning. Oh What are you talking about? Five six what about this many 18 plus where is our number? Oh 72 to five six. I can tell you right off the bat with that means if we're going in the right direction or not, okay 16 point eight six why I'm four four Follow me come on five nine five nine five nine and December Not good How can it be good when you got to November and December the whole book all three months heavy duty Holy Oman you're almost smell the olive oil and stop from a towel idler either Five six seven oh five sixty in fact they got to brought these in here was wearing a choir bear W-a-m-hello Hey, I do this nap at the sternum my savage by the way, but it got somebody called you listen to Michael Savage Yeah, and why is that he's like from New York and he tells funny stories about himself I don't believe in his views he's an extremist Yes, he is but he's funny here the right person now luckily we can still listen to whatever we want so far at least is at this moment Right, but I think what the problem is is George is on so much with the when you're on vacation And then I never know when you're coming back I'm too in for like the extra where I've been on a fuss since the end of August This is already the middle of January, okay? This this rating is October November and December I've been back to our coupons age by the time this thing starts from all of the end of August all through September October November December it's the middle of January, so have a nice life. What's that? So that means we did a five nine mid days in men in December not too good If we only count the people speaking was we did a 33-year What do we do? Yeah, oh, I have to know ones. Let's say three to seven persons 25 54 I don't I don't know what I'm supposed to do with these maybe what my ass Pile them up. We're the hell are we oh there we are three seven to three points Oh, we just took it all away around because if you look Everywhere else even a coast went up here It's like I said from 11 to second and from one book into another it just doesn't happen it doesn't happen Well, they never know when you're basically mean yeah, just like this guy I know I'm gonna be on said no one to put in the phony rating against me This is just bizarre this all the years have been almost 30 years in this market But never seen such a screwed up book that just got stations all over the place you know all the anticipation we had for this It could have been worse to be honest with you could have been a lot worse Yeah, yes, I know believe me so expect a worse let me tell you what am I looking for men 18 plus I'm telling you what they did in the morning, okay? This would have been Scott and Mo Can I find Scott and Mo? I know this is boring to the audience. You know what to bet it's Friday just relax 4 4 4 4 4 for Mo and For well for the first two months of this book 12 13.2 they had a 6 3 and a 3 2 is 5 9.5 that means they did a 3 8 in December So they got a 3 2 and a 3 8 going See what I'm saying mild Mild I would say tepid look warm Luke Skywalker 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for my survival slime the big story this book is known Not that we got knocked off the big story is known not that magic went up so much or a coast the big story of this youth nobody speaking was no mole That's the story the book. I thought I thought they keep fitness that bull crab of all known you're new wrong as a period of time Goes and people acclimating the agitate and masturbate as that time goes on you'll see well, we're seeing all right and all I can say is Yeah See the cruises gonna be our mascot you know the cow that used to be in front of Dan Dowds of bocampers gone from the Right dealership now. We're stealing it It's gonna be the city of Cruz cash cow Right in further. Yeah right for the Q and then we're gonna like worship we're gonna like get down our hands and ease with our flying carpets Oh, we're gonna have to that they'll think we're Muslims 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. This is outrageous is what this is this is blasphemous This is taken a radio ratings and making me into a mockery. I smell something really fishy here, you know it or it's grandzard building 576 votes on a pool which almost seems to pale into insignificant's not as it seems like it don't mean nothing Which it is you care about the most the NFL playoffs 149 the Iowa primary 106 hockey 74 Yeah, you should live so long no chance. That's the phone. He vote do sure When is mole leaving 67 who killed cock robin 50 Wednesday wins for upcoming back 43 what is Dave wants that leaving 41 sending a man to the moon 32 Michael Jackson case. He pleaded not guilty 10 and scotlissie Peterson case still still only 4 wow Beenly disappointed although perhaps you know in a way to make up for it That's might be the reason why Michael Jackson's fighting cars handed out that invitation to a span's to go to a spotty or get together didn't have another party We're having a party in their pants little boys all welcome invited to attend WQM hello Yeah, you know the bomb is your little stick front next to you. Yeah, that must be it Yeah, well, I'm listening I'd come to say but go ahead and say spit it out. He can handle you can he's got broad shoulders for a little guy That's a big robber ship from there I'm See I think the gal was talking about the circle of friends he hangs with you know the Fidelah to hell Crowd the obsessive one dimensional crowd there are the ones who are really foaming at you because of the city Now I'm taking this guy's around taking the heat for it. I'm sorry because next to Luis Miguel She was my favorite singer. She was performers that you don't care for No, no, they're all good every one of them. They're all fantastic What's his name Larry on HBO Larry David Larry. Do like Jerry Seinfeld sign philtaghan stand Oh, there's a minute of him for quite a lot with David David David David David with a thin face the tall thin Jew comedian Oh, they would be either with the Larry Sanders show yeah And then yeah, and then the other handling right Gary, but that's not what I'm talking about Gary Shandling is what I'm And there's another one with the thin face just oh man. He makes Jerry Sanford look Can't look at the room and change the channel. So what are you talking about? You beef Grab a bunch of leave of it. I can't stand here How about the Myerlansky her insurely temple can't stand how about bugsy Siegel? I'm other would talk about temple is more those anti-Somantic remarks So I don't have to like Sylia We don't we don't like no we're not gonna suck up anybody we don't like to get crews on show I'm sure she was a crowd and it was for she didn't like Luis Miguel because he was Mexican and Italian He wasn't cute because she's Cuban other than I mean I like her She couldn't look the Luis Miguel's ass even when she was alive. I like to Ricky Martin Ricardo 5 6 7 5 6 4 5 6 George likes Ricky Martin pass it along though. Now when you're gonna be Bill Siles Oh, it's a while oh week from Saturday two weeks from what 24 24 the January Saturday 11 11 to 10 You guy yeah, you got to bring the police on CDs and you can bring all the city accruciities will claim here on here That at the hootsie koji. I mean this is just as an I This is as an I miss is a sir and it's made sound like sour grapes If you lose out of a station that makes sense if you lose out to the stations that make sense and not just us But I mean everywhere look at all these stations just bouncing around like a goddamn bunch of rubber balls even Bobby V never saw rubber ball like this All of a sudden magic after all these years They find they caught on they find it like could build me a buttercup by the foundations. It's a hit. It's a smash Right The right is brothers maybe because Bobby had field died, but on where little coke overdose Maybe that's what it's all about you think simply vote for the righteous for us. That's all they play These foundations and the righteous brothers and The coast maybe maybe Gloria Stefan is in a little bit I was stuck somewhere Probably doing in a parents. Yeah, and they have a close and most horrible music just one bad song after another Benson and I thought what station is this and then they said you're listening to the coast Now look at this morning's many teen plus Howard sperm 64 to a seven point Howard Stern just kicking ass baby For justice, they didn't really do the dealer, you know He was supposed to bring away I did it for a little bit to be getting and then they said wow wait on I think he gave way too many of those goddamn tickets. Maybe they're just you know I beg them don't give away all them tickets. I just got a bunch of free loaders out there kill your showman and they did Wow Radio mom p is number two and this is just it's an insult to anybody who speaks English seriously I think many of you people in the Hispanic community or synopology In fact during the last segment we're gonna give you chance to apologize we will not give it to you No, no, they will they want you to call that apologize Otherwise we're gonna be really pissed off. We'll take away your goddamn salsa and You're glad bear it. Oh, I beg your pardon and you're cool. Oh Five six that what a hell not. Correct them Five six seven and you're a hoochie kuchi and you're to loupez Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Elias, go caraches. We take it into 145 at five 60 this is you know something this is a lot of fun really is this this is this book is like like I said like this You would often it just came down on a page and we should kiss the ground right I'm killing it Money I'm kissing it right now Hey, I want to tell you one thing you'll kiss our friend now. This is yeah. We're just doing one break now, right? If you got a car problem whether it's a big problem a little problem or like anywhere in between Don't just trust your car to any bunch of schmucks Everybody in their brother now claims to be car repair joints trusted the people been around long time and other stuff EF turn out to repair you'll find him at 583 North Federal Highway just to mile on half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pomp and O Beach any Fternaut to repair experience the different that experience makes all are Expo mechanics are certified technicians current with all the latest technology to make a long story short They know their crap most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 years the EF team is got over 200 combined long Excruciating years of experience and O job is two bigger two small for the folks at the F whether it's a blown fuse a Blown engine anything in between from a 73 Toyota to an O4 Bentley EF Tarnout to Repair does it all and all jobs are meticulously and thoroughly and Completely double check the accuracy by the shop foreman every car is clean upon completion of the work to EF on his most extended warranties Alpha's you violate service on most repairs as well EF turn out to repair 583 North Federal Highway in Pomp and O Beach they love seeing it cruise there by the way call nine five four 426 9926 that's nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six when you call our friends at EF be sure and ask about their 90 days same as cash in which was credit card EF turn out to repair and actually recognize is one of the most successful auto repair facilities anywhere in the country anywhere in the Universe and the EF their model is nobody cares more and nobody anywhere is more cardity earn your business It's why they you what I'm gonna I'm riding the children, I'll be your knife forever Keeps riches ain't that clever I'll be your knife forever now, better, better, better Better, better, better, better, better I can't wait for the soldier hit my skull I'll be your knife forever You won't happen to the guy from Chester's room town I'll be your knife forever If it'll mind me, it's for a queen before A queen before Except for that time, it's three, no, it's four, it's three, no, it's four, it's three, four, it's three, four, it's four But in all my mouth, I'll be your knife forever Oh, right, they'll call me a serpent, Chang Oh, Michael means proud If you're right out for the magic love, oh 1,51,55,51, I'll say about here, even though this place has got some serious problem Mostly at the upper level management But at least a middle level management people here, the ratings come in And the guys are wandering around, here you go, look at this And they're at least trying to like sell everybody's wounds As opposed to like an IOD, when boy Gary was the PD And if we had a mediocre book or a bad trend, he would bring them in with an awful look on his face So, we suck Remember that? We suck, no Yeah, he's new then You never saw that? No, he would do that with me, bringing in if we had a bad trend, or bad month IOD We, here we suck I should have said, well, what time's your show on boy Gary? You asshole Who's on all the shows? Yeah, yeah, that was the problem Michael Jackson leaving court after a Raymond and they just they're dragging him through the crowds there They're first seeing a flush look at that portrait What is that? And that looks like what's its name from passions What the hatchet? What the was its name? Whatever its name was Wow, what's your freakster? Well, I'm gonna freak to see a freak 560560 Let's hear from all Julios the last seven or eight minutes Apologizing to us for this incredible turning on us and everybody else Who knows, pick it up on me WDQM Hola What's that idea? What? QM Oh, yeah, I've had a question for Neil Speaking Uh, this isn't Neil Rogers It sounds like me, but no, it's Neil Adams Neil Diamond, what can I do for you sir? Well, I, I, I just thought that you could be a bit a little bit more provocative I thought I'd love it when you're super provocative And you're giving everybody a hard talk Provoke it about what? Well, about like the jitties and you could get into that little bit Yeah, I bought the jitties, Jenny on this asshole Get into a jittiness Yeah, about the jittiness Oh, brother Well, get this guy some metal help WQM, that's pretty provocative, isn't it? QM, Hola Neil has to go in When is top of this? You want to apologize, amigo? Oh, I want to apologize because I'm, we're going to analyze the ratings right now, okay? We're gonna analyze it Oh, we are, babe Okay Do you have no all those big stations that you showed there that are kicking everybody fast? Right, okay 92.3 98.3 WCMQ both FM and anything AM See? And WWC or whatever that thing is Rara, Rara, Rara, you're my B All of those stations are owned by the same guy Suzanne Raul, Alarcon Oh, no Okay, he also owns 95.7 What's that? Is that how that station as well? Yeah, he also owns 95.7 What's that? Is that how that station as well? Get that feeling accrued to the house Is that how the Casana? Oh yes So basically the whole market is owned by wanting to video Wow And all the stations in essence Oh, how about I'm forgetting two more One of the $0.07 which is Romance Rara, you're romantic You never weigh up two of me, go Yeah And one of seven point five amore That you are more awesome enough And the thing that gets me is that for the most part They play the same music Right They're owned by the same guy So in essence You're competing Tag a mic Hey, get someone off me Uh-huh They make cheap channels like a bunch of Piker's Pretty much, pretty much Pretty much So that's a ball of horseman Much as grass used to make a horseman All right, pal I'll see you in the corner I'll see you in the corner with a big bag Five six at on speaking a big bag Guess what Well, the phone's right here But I wasn't going to answer it Why not? Because my microphone was on Yeah Well, I can make an outgoing call It's an amazing thing Oh boy Five six seven Oh five good thing I'm going to be here in another room We're not waiting for a phone call We're waiting for a person Yeah, the phone call means nothing So what does that mean? What are you saying? I think it's called being stiff Is what it's called I think we're getting stiff here Okay, and feel good All right, bye WQAM Good afternoon, how you doing? When is Tarris Amigo? Come on, Star I'm sorry I'm that I want you to be your target audience Anglers Oh, I'm beginning, ladies Well, you know, I heard that last time I used pretty coherent And what makes you think All right, is this clear channel with an accent? Very well, say clear channel A conocento It's a clear channel with an N.A. over the end Right With a real channel It's a real channel But you know the solution In this town when you're starting to lose And the ratings Maybe you're just not hard enough on communism Ha ha ha ha Right What is the anti-communist hour? I think you got your thumb on a minute That's right, if you want it with your thumb Starts Monday, starts Monday, 10 to 2 Communists are coming east of the two hell with the hell We're going to rip a gig of our new ass You got it You got it All right Most of the classiest Amigo has to kill me Look at both selfies All right I think this guy's got it We're going to alternate Senior crews Right Okay, with I'm getting there I'm getting there I'm not sure What else you call Why not what is called? Senior crews who is there I'm with something Yeah There you go Our talking baby They've been crazy Like they've been crazy Like they've been crazy Like they've been crazy Like they've been crazy Like they've been crazy Like they've been crazy Yeah Yes No I look at the top of you That's a weird look We just can't be used Yeah Oh You've been around Wait Who knows Oh Yes Yes It's stereo baby You are clean Senior in the left channel Who knows We don't want to lift you See you on the middle part of the right channel And we on the right channel Who have we feed out Should have No one close them It's a pity Like they've been there You make me sick You're getting out of Cuba Quick Oh You are so God Damn rich You and me go Son of a bitch Based on We know you like Are you behind the strike That's the glue Where were you in Fixed three Take you to the See you You're going to throw it Where the Where the Where the Where the Where the We got to see your climb So you can get up You're going to get your pounding Henning from the bitch And he's just throwing you all down Please The embargo Cuba will become Another killago USA And you're going to be like the USA You turn Returning all the rafts and boats away Losers Stop the gas So get out of Cuba We just can't use your fuel Been around way too long Oh yes So you ugly past And along you last The pay attention that works I'm happy You're sick You thought of Cuba Quick You are so goddamn rich You are me go son of a bitch Based on we know you like Are you behind the strike Where were you in Fixed three The two killjons and Kennedy What the What the What the What the What the That's now in The United Nations are you in The national nation If there will be The embargo Cuba will become A killer USA USA We're the normal crafts and boats away You're sick You're sick You're sick Oh Okay we surrender baby How do you know You're a ghost We surrender or wave any old white flag We lost Okay You guys win Your people man Your people If you would cut up and someone And told you about the conspiracy Didn't know To buy floor to back after Spain sold it to America That sounds like a really good idea One grid at a time We might let you stay Anyway We should have seen a cruise on there Got her We still put her what? That's pretty obvious We're number two Damn it and we're pretty happy about it actually We suck And it felt like I was 154 The Iowa primary 11 hockey 76 Yeah When is Mo leaving 71 Who killed Cockrobe in 50 When is for Rale coming back 48? Guess what he's not When is they wants that living for a long time? Yeah What is that living for? What is not? When is they want that living 44? Setting a man to the moon 36 to the old Cockrobe moon Michael Jackson case 11 He's not guilty by the way And Scott Lacy Peterson case 4 We're gonna like get that thing ready for Monday Man we're gonna kick some serious ass And that's funny all right here on Monday I am silly as rules in the end Now I don't remember when nine was alive I will need to go to the movie With it the way We're gonna go We're gonna go We're gonna go Bye bye You just pound it silly and then whatever comes out Absolutely Absolutely