There's a little bit of a T-Line KSUC-KSU. Oh! On the next day, they've been milking the world west. When Cowboys were smelly and used 500 cursewits for a sentence, there's a new gunslinger in town to avenge the death of his friend. Wild Bill, he's f***ing... What do you mean, he's f***ing a bunch of parks, stranger? Yeah, who did you f***ing you? I'm a f***er, little bearer. Mommy. He's a... Ted Blify is a phlo Bill. You sure are f***ing a f***ing draw? I really f***ed if I didn't put the lotion in a whole stir. A little stir. I f***ing stranger. I've been through the terror for my low-speed and you sure. That's about as close as we can catch the problem. The guy left the dead boy only on eight. The old. Ten or one at five, 60, WCOM, happy Monday, Tia. Two more dead soldiers in Baghdad just in the moments where I can't even keep track anymore. Although we don't have any names or any identities or any other stuff like Pat Tubman that's seen in it was hyperventilating about all weekend long. I mean, just odd nausea. So I guess they must not be important people, right? Of course not. Whoever heard of them. Exactly. Anyway, here's the result of the poll. Before we do that, guess who died? That's their lotter? That's the Shiraz брacity for a long time. Did we slow our��도 windows completely? He's still screaming? Huh? Who did those?? Aw. Even when we talk about the largest estonian old age, we'd not have gained half January or less. First top 40 hitsong of all time that was our pull on over the weekend and amazingly after trailing look at this final total here wow It was neck and neck between two songs macarana and of course Neil you went out over the weekend and bought these records in it. Oh no Well, I'm sure that they expect me to be doing that because well, I mean if you're gonna talk about these things we want the There you go. That's what you need to know that Yeah, and aki-bricky heart neck and neck nose to know is macarine edge did out Low still real 244 aki-bricky heart Billy Ray Cyrus 242 genetically challenged another nose-picking country ahu 244 to 242 heavy-duty nobody else even close to those two Feelings though by Morris Albert the cat 91 I'm so proud of that that was good choice This go duck 87 also Debbie boon you let him my life 87 speaking a Debbie boon and a boon family boy We got something exciting for you on our website today coming back after 18 years in limbo is the boon in the box I was so excited when I found it again. I'll just about peed my pants. No not for that reason 86 hustler magazine the anxious Larry Flint found an old college photo of Pat Boone Sticking his penis to record board box you know kids in college they do wild and crazy things All the most of us never did stick our penis to a box, but anyway A cardboard box Just careful now just be kidding. Oh, this cuz it's Monday don't start using no excuses that you forgot about this forgot about that Anyway So we made a whole bunch of our copies of that from a hustle magazine and we sent out hundreds and hundreds of copies Of course that was the glorious I guess was black and white and I don't Maybe some is the gal one of those Fluckers item maybe we can sell him on eBay and So there's an article on the drug retort not the drug retort of course because missfudge I'll I'm sure missfudge right now is frankly checking our website for that story See a pad boom with his penis sticking through a cardboard box I just mentioned it so called it the boon in the box and then hustler magazine got wind of it They got all bent out of shape and they said I don't say any of those out again and for whatever reason Anyway, so Debbie boon you light up my life with a lot your penis sticking to a cardboard box and disco duck 87 who let the dogs out Tipto through the tulips time with 72 Haven't my baby and don't worry be happy 58 I size baby 46 evity and I re 37 we built this city 35 See that was number one in the Was it the blender maximum blender pull see the way down list and ours seasons in the sun by Terry jacks 34 butterfly kisses 33. I'm 231 MMM 23 Hanson May 2021 717 don kachane 17 What do you give one about Still back on the boon in the box, huh? We are the world 16 turn between two lovers 16 these boots are made for lock and antsy Snotra 16 wait me up before you go go now that should handle a lot more votes. They are who wham as I'm just and discussing as he is individual George Michael right when he was with that other scream I mean uh, wham was just the worst the all to yeah wake me up before you go go oh brother Rico Swabe McCarton Park and Margaritaville and they're coming to take me away all head 14 And after that who cares right? Right so there's the worst songs of all time according to our astudalty some of whom are actually In town it's amazing to me What is it a that's a 26th of April and about 30% I would say Of soft float at least is just vanished already have the snowboards are gone everybody's going on vacation They're just bailing out waiting for that first 97 degree in the shade day Four school children were killed by gunfire and Baghdad yesterday shortly after roadside bomb trip A breakthrough a US military vehicle Some of the said that children aged around 12 were shot dead by US troops who had opened fire randomly after the blast on canal street and He's doing Baghdad at least five of the people were wounded I just mentioned that in passing more of the ravages of war We got bigger fish to fry that we got a very important facts here to start off our morning a typical soft float of facts When you say this is very typical very typical yes, let's start out your week with a real Still yeah, let's stick it our foot deep inside your back home see how hard we can twist it and of course We're appointed the shoes What spurs here's the fact sent this morning from JJ in pepper pines with a pio address I and I can see what I wouldn't want to put the real address Dianiel I'm writing to ask you to explain what the hell happened to the neo roger show because if you think you even close to what you were not all that long ago You not be speaking the same language Understandably so we cannot agree all of the time, but that was once what made your show great The fact that you pissed me off at the percent of the time all you do now is bash bush and run polls on topics that are so Inconcentre question. There's no entertainment value whatsoever Recently I heard a call or ask you that when he goes to your website to vote and doesn't see a choice He liked he asked you to include a vote for not interested you blew him off period are you just marking time? I mean getting a paycheck is one thing but earning it is another Have you ever seen a poll where they and because there's every website now's got polls Have you ever in your life seen a poll where it had a choice not interested in this only in South Florida where they're so negative Would they want a choice? Oh, we don't like this poll. We're not interested if you're not interested Don't vote on it, schmuck anyway It says you can dissect this all you want you can be rate my thoughts on you, man. However the fact remains you know it I know what many list is out there. No it too They're all alternative 610 850 on a am dial popping up out there in your time slot now that do compete Yeah, 850 they got like a point Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, one they don't even show up and 610 if you want to hear all right We will day be my guest. Have a good time In the past there was only you it is a new day many years back Are when in you when a duff son pines Boulevard? I wonder if they were coming their food? All the food was soft and mushy for people who had their teeth in the glass I ran into you when a duff son pines Boulevard one was just about the only business out there I just wanted to say hello you were eating alone I imagine you were on your way to work you were very gracious and not the radio nail I appreciated then just as I do now Give me back the real meal sincerely JJ would last name probably phony and pepper pines At least the first name's phony. I knew like that to start off the week Typical like you said now if they're all these other great choices out there JJ I just for the life of me can't imagine why you haven't chosen one yet Why you'd rather inflict upon me? Especially since I was so nice to you while you were coming your food out there a duff son pember pines I can't imagine why you'd want to inflict to start off my week a sour nasty Stalk in a back okay because there ain't nothing wrong with his show Within the parameters of what way or course we can't you can't do that we can't say I've had anymore, but I think under the circumstances we're still doing swimmingly well, okay? Oh man The one thing I always have loved is people who threaten to turn off the show We don't like what you're doing. It's not tailored to me. I don't care about your stupid and concept Once upon a while It's not anywhere near what it used to be so There are other choices well, there's so many great choices. Why could you possibly? I mean look at the length of this thing I know What kind of person? Seriously. I have no life would take the time other than a self-librity of course What other kind of person would take the time to spew with such crap here? It's just amazing to me You will in fact probably this is the person who called and suggested that we put the knot interested on the pole you think Right they're they're very vehement about their apathy I see But how come you're not listening all those other alternatives like a 50 on the dial from Palm Beach County Which is gonna have at least when the book comes out Thursdays a point zero zero two maybe didn't move in on up And you got your what's the guy that they put on the morning out that schmuck That who puts on IOD the right wing from Tampa another one. Oh, I don't know I don't even know what his name is he's so famous and you got your rush You got to Bill O'Reilly and you got all these other great choices. How could you possibly be Subjecting yourself to this? Especially since I was so nice to you put up with your crap in dust a hundred years ago Where people were gumming all that soft food Well, I know he's gonna change it. I've heard you pardon any minute now. He'll change the station Right now now these hurt me react and dissected and get all bent out of shape. Which quite frankly? I don't give a fly and uh how do you like that JJ? I do the best I can and I own humble way and that's it Nobody here is taking their way through if we wanted to take our way through we could just play music every day They couldn't do anything about that Nothing says we got to sit here and put up with a bunch of cranky clowns Cranky ant holes Here's today's pool which really ought to frost their ass by the way pet dillman Atillman died in Afghanistan Who's that? Some uh football player. I Oh, again, I don't want to diminish you know the fact that he made a sacrifice and all of this other But I mean how come he's so much more important than everybody else who's dying over there And we don't even get most of the names I see that must be it. No the word you're looking for celebrity He was famous. He was well known as supposed to all these other anonymous mugs who also see There's no draft right now and I'm the ender line right now So all the people are in a military putting their lives on the line they volunteer They won't probably expect you to go over there and be there quite so long But nevertheless they volunteered nobody held a gun to their head. They're all volunteer military all right So should be kissing all their ass. I'm getting the giav bail And this is the the sick obsession with celebrity in America and the rest of the world too It's just pathetic tragic as if somehow his life and his sacrifice was so much more significant than some Puts from down the street named Tom Smith or whatever's name might have been Caterina Vitt There she is a figure skater. I mean I look for the bio one here and I'm not gonna go through I spent eight minutes trying to find a biography on caterina Vitt just to find out how old she is And I can't find it Vitt over out So there she is without clothes caterina fit behind a beauty curtain so if you're over the age of 400 And you got several pieces of ID we would like to do a little to take a quick peek that's it that's long enough The worst TV show of all time is see another inconsequential pool Now I know it's gorgeous fault and heels fault both of our fault. They're your fault the South Florida audience only really responds to this show And any show whether they're not talking about either light bulb radio or sports With lists they like that they like having a list and we don't want 10 we don't want to I got a couple for you No, you don't have a couple you have one Okay We're gonna start based on that facts that you see me that I just read I'm gonna start being a real real hard Huh a heart Prince Prince at least the first four letters are right three letters. What are I don't even know can we say that Prince no prick no that was not on the list No, what that was not on the list. I'm gonna start being a real prick. How do you like that? 10 13 what do you mean starting you've always been okay at five 16 w away I felt like a Think about it for a virtual company this is seed without any storefront locations means Meeting the competition on every dimension even the fifth dimension That's what dialometres has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years when you call 1 800 Mattress you'll get better prices better delivery times better customer service better everything dialometres won the 2004 better business bureau local torques of work for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to Worn your business before during it after the sale just like our sales department not When you call 1 800 Mattress and speak with one of their expert betting consultants You'll rest assured that you're getting the best possible mattress and they got all the top names that you know and love Celi service Simmons King Quill temper Pete experience of an analyst foster At 1 800 Mattress you'll discover this never neck to charge for same date delivery either dialometres takes same the orders all day long From Kendall a steward from Palm Beach to Ford Myers Remember when you call 1 800 Mattress you picked the date into our delivery window you want when you want the mattress delivered and guess what they show up when you want When you're gonna be home they're probably delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time I'm one of the bus Indians of satisfied dialometres customers you will be too So do what I always do when the old mattress is headed make that one easy call 1 800 mattress a log out of mattress.com dialometres 1 800 M A T T R E S the easiest possible way to get you a great night sleep for years to come I'm local this is for trivial by six Only on the banana republic baby only in Miami announcing the show you've been waiting for America It's Tonya hiding ice cafe use a lintical marvelous category of it. Yes skating to the classics. Oh nice split jump there Come to take off into a double lap Oh She's down. She's an agony now it's Brian, but I know attempting a dribble South car You wear my guy I perfectly execute a triple chin assault by Tonya Harding see the precision team of Tonya Harding Gip Gullily and her that guy bodyguard wipe out skater after skater Oh now christy out of Gucci It's fun bubble whole family Especially if you're the Corley owner gotty family order your tickets for Tonya hiding ice cafe He said we'll cross accepted. That's our only bit with Katerina vid and Time we right? What's not to like Speaking of timely speaking of duff's restaurant where all the food tasted the same where you could gum it the macaroni and cheese tasted like the roast beef and a spaghetti taste Just like the mashed taters. I'm serious about that. It's the only place where ever had the a mashed potatoes in a glass a Couple on a low carb died. We're kicked out of a buffet restaurant after the manager said they'd eaten too much roast beef This is in Salt Lake City, yeah, but I know it'll go up And he ain't no band leader See a mama I'll make it up as the guys name sweet a mama you can get fine for that Well along with his wife have been on the adkins die for two weeks was asked to leave after he went up to the buffet at the Chukkarama and Suburbant Taylor's will you talk for his 12 slice of roast beef and they said yamama It's so embarrassing actually said is it Beliaota a mama's wife? I don't understand there just seem to be more and more people now. I don't have the same last name with her or a wife Right we went in the have dinner We were under the impression Chukkarama was an allicated establishment not so said jacked your handson the restaurant changed district manager We never claimed to be an allicated establishment. He said our understanding is a buffet is just a style of eating The general manager was carving the meat to his baby king concerned about having enough rather patrons and asked a mama to stop you Hanson said offended the couple as a refund the manager refused and call police when they wouldn't leave the couple said they've eaten a Chukkarama Is 89 but failed least twice a week, but did not plan to return It's kind of like that JJ in Pember Pines when can we be turning to the new Rogers show because it just ain't the same and who am I kidding? It's said we're so on right Right In fact take a look right now with that phone we're doing a pull the worst TV show of all time now We don't have any to start I didn't want to play that game. We got one by facts. I told Josh about it already and then I added one Okay, we got the facts of suggested survivor and I added doctor Phil Okay, well, I at least that's a current. I mean, this is of all time, but there's a lot of swirl on right now and you can't say swill without doctor Phil 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon or this line Howard Stern gigantic ratings in New York and Los Angeles getting millions and millions and millions and dollars are free publicity from all those detractor out there Our ratings come out on Thursday. It's gonna be real interesting to see not so much what we do What the clear channel doesn't do and especially WBGG man old man $4,000 FCC fine for my moustache and a crank called Castro The radio station at crank called Cuban president Fidel Castro and broadcast to be according should be fine for grand the FCC said they're finding everybody It keeps saying oh, we're fine the Spanish speaking host of the morning high jinx Used snippets in an earlier prank involving New Venezuela and present Evo Shaoves moved the call from receptionist up the chain to Castro and a five-minute broadcast June 17 The host of the show on WXD J. Joe Ferro and Enrique Santos Fed pleasant piece to Castro before breaking in and calling him in a sassin the conversation ended after Castro denounced the colors with the stream of all guarantees The FCC concluded Friday the stations have be fine for the broadcast It required this and rejected the station spend that a rule requiring people being notified before their voices are used is not applied to people in Cuba What a cover response that is sure works for the payment of the fine to request the cancellation of a reduction of the fine required within 30 days It was unclear whether the station been defined for the prank involving Shavez by a month earlier. There's fine at everybody inside and fact In a 64 page filing with the FCC infinity broadcast in claim that the commission is abruptly and systematically All did almost every aspect of the indecency enforcement in ways that dramatically undermine the loveliness of the overall scheme and they are absolutely That's so ridiculous yes Last month the FCC announced the would find infinity for references to sexual and eschatory activities in our one children may have been listening if the SEC proceeds with it per proceeds with its fine infinity can appeal to a higher authority to a federal court or Hebrew national 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in horizon wireless line maybe we'll get a call from JJ today. You think WAM hello WQAM hello Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want for your poll that Rick's tank is so no rich That was a great choice. Okay, we'll do very well in South Florida good thing I didn't vote yet I saw about three minutes that one day and it just made me want to cry a product tier to my eye was absolutely Unfeely in a 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T in horizon wireless line 30 that's here. WQAM hello QAM Good morning, Pally hi, Pally hi, Doug All right, this one's really easy for me ours That's show is on forever nothing is funny all the characters Soctif you can still say that all the characters. Okay. Yes, sir. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Say hi to Alice. Okay. Alice Rantel 567 we can the change the poll any tenure is ready you can take this other because he didn't have to do anything at all See about him and then you can add new ones on there. Josh Okay, but I think for that to happen he has to change the poll. We don't really want to Since especially since we started on Thursday at my start pushing the error for the edge since he's so close already I 670560 pound 560 on the AT&T but then again what else is new WQAM hello? Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, how about he? He always perfect. Good one. This is gonna be your long list. Maybe we ought to do this till Thursday Just aggravate JJ and Pepper 5 who still trying to come that food and dust First of all what kind of an ad hole would be eaten at dusk? Well, you were there. Yeah, that's right like I said at least I admit it Almost close by my work. I was on a way to add WINZ Where we originated the old boon in the box. I can't believe I found that again. Man, did you take a peek at it? Oh, yeah You think it well see first of all you got to click on the link to the original story So it's always gonna come upon that by thank you. How he's by accident Thanks always for that stuff in the box WQAM hello clear box Okay, I'm going JJ my vote is for I share cut by the way. Oh, thank you my My votes for He-ha and buck Rogers. That's too. Okay. That's too. Well, what somebody else said he also buck Rogers is the worst TV show Hey, whatever he says how about Neil Rogers on Wami that was pretty bad We'll just call you buck for sure and the good thing is we can still say we have me God it sucks Yeah, we still say that how loud 560 50 50 50 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line man how they might eat a fall in God Remember those great days when it's show you used to be good. I can't remember that far back WQAM hello QAM It would be a shame for me to like go out of the next one wouldn't it because I know the world what is it hi appalli What do you got? Little house on a I'll say one thing man, or you're whipped up hi appalli. Yeah, do a frenzy. Oh, must be all of my people with the Marlinians You know again, I don't want to do this twice in a row, but I'll do it again It's amazing to me. It's a real tribute to the fascination the desperation of the people that's offered a latch on to something good with those 42,000 people on Saturday Another 28,000 yesterday even though they lost two out of three of the braids But they're just packet him and what was it about 32,000 Friday I think? They had three Matt. Well, Josh would know he's probably was out there with some free tickets They've had massive crowds out there Trying to get a few mongers and especially when you consider that the town is as barren as What's your name Rosie O'Dowell That's my TV show for the pool Rosie O'Dowell, see psychic great lines work like 26 past 10 at 5.60 QAM where we used to be pretty good Come on Tonight an ask on channel one the hilarious new sitcom just shoot everybody Tonight's episode Osama Vayne is on the Dan by the Infidels and starts shooting everybody Salab and clerics begin to smuggle family members into Pakistan in their turban seas That's a magic in your turban. Are you just glad to see me? Josh, shoot everybody tonight on a can channel one followed by suddenly sanctions It's TV do die for Speaking of that thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices. They just showed a clip. Did you see it on CNN? We won there no 247 nine for premium unleaded out in California 248 two and a half bucks a gallon baby. Thank you for those low gas prices And anyway, I didn't realize when I because this pool here and of course we do Brack our brains to come up with something different something we haven't done exactly the same way before how many thousand pools that we don't already Yeah, so it's a little bit different in spite of what JJ says blow it out your ass that kind of thing But I never realized how this could be go on forever because there's so many bad shows But amazingly low what seems to be taking the early lead great surprise The retention show all right they hate you Rick even worse than they hate what's his name Greg you do That's a good QM and that's same a lot QM hello Yes, sir Okay, honey It's a toasted 58 today not too bad wait I got two things wait Yes number one is Gas prices I said all Way before that book by woodward even came out that you know Bush is gonna have to pull a couple of things out of his hat in order to make himself look good before election time Back up, yeah, if you've noticed in the past whether they be in the past whether they be Republican or Democratic Presidents when the to gas got out of control the president's always spoke up about it And this is the only president that hasn't mentioned not one word The exception or maybe like a week or so ago He hasn't mentioned anything about the white horse off his boyfriend Prince Bandar and certainly not Prince Abdullah Well, I think that that Robably Confirms what woodward said in his book is that right before the election after they find Osama of course That's the price of fuels to come down in the public is to say hey see what I did yeah, and he's to do this somebody did all right Yeah, and that other thing is The polls not your polls but the polls like you see in the Washington polls the war CNN right Good question in your opinion do you think that these polls in any way are rigged You mean you're talking about like presidential polls because yeah, because you know if you look at it They say well considering everything that's been happening with the rack war and all the deaths and the mayhem and the money and the deficit All of the I know where you're going with this. Let me just cut you off of the past and tell you this that I think a I think probably 60% of the public I just Dying to find somebody else to vote for beside Bush, but you know what carry so far has been so marginal and so weak Here's me the case but say that's just it because you look at the polls and I don't know who the first of all They've never asked me for my opinion Yeah, I don't know who they're asking but they're saying well 51 or 53% of the American people Still feel that Bush should have gone into Iraq No, I got a better poll than that for you and I don't want to spend all day on this But I got a much better one net that will really get you depressed and you want to blow your brains up 57% this poll was just taken over the weekend I got somewhere in my palm 57% of Americans Continued to believe that son of Hussein gave substantial support to our cutters before the world and What are these people reading where are they getting their information CNN? I love you Neil. Yeah, certainly not news you're the evil empire CNN you people are the crock, okay? Let's see a facts from Jeff. I still need to hear Gellys Ronda when he touches his mose's a bag Please talk about the chorus. Oh, geez Please talk about this please talk about that. Please don't talk about this. Please. Whatever you do. I'll talk about that Do do do do do do do do do do do do do and we can we say do do do? Okay, can't even say do do no more much less do it and whatever you do. Hey, don't don't do it. Yeah, that's right All the instructions all the time 567560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQM hello Yes, sir. Would you marry me? Tell the QM hello Yes, sir. They're gonna over the poll. Yes, the anonico smithia And I call smithokian excellent choice as in Okay See it'll take a lot of a lot of a long list on you before we just start getting much response No, seriously because there's only 54 votes and that's because they haven't seen a one-tay would vote for yet Well, they'd better get busy rich scientist showed 25 Dr. Phil 11 rose. You'll Donald five survivor five He-ha four rose and two buck Rogers one little house on a peri one None yet for Alice lost in space for the love bowl. Where did those come from? Oh Facts is the love vote. That's a good choice. Yes, horrendous grotesque We appreciate that you know, sir nice facts. It just said love vote on the facts and you know That's it right just one not a whole list just right. Oh, I think that went to you because they got artwork also So see the thing with the love vote is they always brought They'd like jacked Jones and all these other washed up old marginal entertainers You know what I'm talking about. I was these people couldn't get any other work in a business So they they would show up on the love vote and he would just pray that it would do another Titanic routine It was to keep the artists working while they were on hiatus from other shows or on hiatus rojox W to Q and hello You're sir Speaking what about the magic jumps and chat show Magic Johnson Chet Show with a muckshass Thank you. Thank you so much Cheers 567.056 deep part of the chat show. The the Brits do call talk shows chat shows. You know that. Yes, I do I see they also say Don't see it. I'm not whatever they say you can't see it. I don't anymore W Q a oh man that was an extra loud bone out good one or what man. Oh, I hear W Q and hello Yeah, hi This is W Q a M Great listen. I'm calling that Q stands out queer Yes, I fact you I am stands for queer as me Me me Me How I got it. Pretty good. Oh Go ahead I got it by the way the show is good as it used to be before we got the facts from JJ, but we're trying to put you up Go This is real What's the name of the muffin that you recommend for tickets? The one oh you talking about the the ticket defense team right 1-800-741-A32-6 1-800-741-TM Don't do it again, Kelly. All right, buddy. Go down slowly. Rashed down. Are they gonna drag it away? 567.05. Haven't heard from JJ yet in Pemberg Pies He or she or it or whatever it is is probably just twist in that dial twist in the day away Just reaching praying to find something really entertaining like the Clark Weber show But what is that guy's name that they piped in from my Tampa from FLA? I can't even give his name another right wing another rush clone W Q a M hello Pretty good. Hey, I got one for you. How about you picture life with Grautrel Mark? That was the worst, however Even when the duck dropped out you didn't like it Okay Wow You guys seem like George Speneman How could anybody not like Grautrel was a good show was fun was I mean did the prizes were like fifty dollars Of course as a long time ago back in the day one fifty bucks was worth like maybe fifty five you know But how could anybody not like that? But again, we're asking you your opinion the worst TV show of all time is you bet your life He said with Grautrel and Grautrel here no more Speaking of that jack-o-sacco we got that story about jack-o-s-new lawyers now. I'm so sick and tear to him. You know It's Lana group six firing of radio host in Boston Preestard's in 1980 killing of none see I'm just reading headlines from some of these ahead of time before I ever get into them So then that way they won't waste our fast paper with more of the same crash I know we're going to then one of the same audience and beautiful tell us honey Hollywood California The scariest by the enjoy Jackie yes mom are you having that not so fresh feeling But you know mom's know these things Hello come on from John Frischmein Yes You've been dusted by an angel. Oh, mom. Oh, Kathy. Oh, Delah. Turn it back straight and find out what happens when Delah agrees with Mr. T from the age of eight. Wait, you want us to get my own old next week on CBS. Well, it's a good thing we knew the context of that because that sounds sounded awfully like something else that we can't do no more, you know? I don't think. You did what? I don't that sound. That wasn't the sound. That wasn't what that sound was. That was not a fart. I know. But it sounded like one. No, no, no. See, that sounds like one too. All right, well, I didn't want to have anybody. Oh, my God. Are you sorry? You shouldn't have met me. I have no doubted off. What are class whole? You don't. All right, play it again. No, I'm not going to play it again. And there are some such test findings that I went through all the faculty of play and I wish I had a life I've been. Delah agrees. Mm-hmm. And you dumped the part where the, the dooshing sound went out. That's you. You know, the kind of reaction that would have a kind of reaction. I don't care what kind of reaction. In fact, that's one of the reasons I wanted to play it just to get listed that kind of reactions and to cancel me the toothbrushes because the company's too cheap to send me those radius toothbrushes. You got me. I'm going to tell that story. Multimillion dollars stock exchange listed company. Beesley broadcasting. Okay. Now, every few months you're supposed to replace your toothbrush. I'm one of those lazy slabs who doesn't do that. And of course, you know, it's just not good idea. Right. Now, for years now, I've been brushing my teeth with the radius toothbrush. If there's any one product that I enthusiastically recommend. And it's so good that's probably why you can't find it. Right. You go into like your Walgreens or records or anywhere. And you look for toothbrush. Where's the radius ones? You know, they make a right hand at one. The left hand one's got like the big head with a lot of bristles on it. And it's great. Can't find it. No. 80 million toothbrushes. Is there now I did find one at Walgreens when I was home. I should have brought it here with me. But I left it down here because, you know, I got all the stuff in my M&E and all the stuff here too. So I'm going to have to slap it all around. I figured no problem. I'll go to a shopper's drug mart here to run. I'll buy me a radius toothbrush. Did I find one? Oh, can't find it. So then I thought, well, I'll be a little more creative. I'll go online and see just per chance if maybe from Amazon.com or eBay or somewhere. You can buy a radius toothbrush online. Yes. But do they ship to Canada? No. No. So I told Georgia about it. So George was a kind enough to like order from was it Amazon.com? Is that right? Got me not one but two radius toothbrushes. And I still, I don't know what the one. Because QIM, QM, QM, M-E and a white one. And a white one. Oh, white one. And anyway, I get to deal with it. We're going to ship it up here to me. And he figured since Dup don't really have too much to do since he's busy sitting around. Let's do the show on and that's his idea of a job. He might as well do something constructive. Making feel like he really put in the good days work. We'll give the toothbrushes to Dup and let him send them up there to Neil and Toronto. What do you say? So this morning, you gave him the Dup. I heard the conversation. We have got to have a think in the advance. Five minutes later, it comes back. Oh, well, they won't go for it. Why? The company won't pay the shipping. I might cost 50 bucks to send you. Now keep in mind that since I've been here these last two years, doing a good percentage of the time, I've spent probably $18 dollars out of my own pocket. I'm surprised on the fast paper, on the toner, on the drum, all of these things. You know, $1518 or bucks never ever charged them a dime. Follow? Not to mention the millions of dollars that this show is making them, so that Greg can be a sportshold of rest of the day, 20 other hours. But no, 50 bucks to, and I don't think it really would be 50 bucks. But whatever would be, and I said, I'll reimburse them. They can deduct it from my pay. I can't do it. Brought in accounting, said, or, yeah, the accounting bar can't do it. So we're making other arrangements. So we're going to smuggle the toothbrushes in somebody's dome, right? Wow. I'm telling you, man, you people in that company, you are at this scratch. You just had joke, you're an industry joke. Now, this thing is speaking to jokes that you just asked me about Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, and Torus, transferred. I guess it's their driving miniature horses at Pompito Park tonight. That's all I can read. I can't read any of this. I reckon, come meet former blah, blah, blah. Come meet former players, Kimbo, Kimbo, Kimbo, and Torus, transferred, and Woody Bennett. I thought, do you know who Woody Bennett is? Josh? No. Woody Bennett. I know Woody Allen. Woody eat it. Woody, Grayberg. How big are your pardon? Huh? As they contest the compete, I can't read. It's a bad real dark. Let's see, how about adding their all irrelevant to people with a life 22 year-less nerd first time fashion. Don't keep knocking the brits. Without them, you need to be a bar sop or we don't be speaking English. Oh, yeah, right. The brits you made the ones we have to keep bailing out every ten days of world war. We, I'd be a bar sop, my ass, man, who you can. Graham. British by birth American by choice. Well, now you're talking, although lately, and not a good choice. I think you're funny, you're now. You've brilliantly invented new naughty words. When we must go to satellite radio, if John A. Croft and his cone is no kittier first. Well, there you go, Graham. Tattoch. To lose let's wreck. Let's wreck. Here's the fact that says you've got to watch deadwood totally adult redacting out sopranos, the sopranos. Ask Croft will hate the show and take it down. You're going down. It is that good profane nudity history and reality. Great acting great lines. Casted characters is unbelievable. Aren't? Feelable and despicable, which makes it great. Watcher, why you can't be clearly taken off. Good wood. Haven't seen it. Have you? No. No. No. What a sworn. I just played it. Oh, that's the one you dumped. Just before you dumped the, the degree. I can't believe you did that. All right, play to get a one touch it. I'm not going to play it again. That would be ponderous, but the idea. I mean, we know what that sound was. It's within the context of the bit. And you're crawling that a farting sound? No, no, I'm not calling it. How about the guy that puts his hand under his armpit? It makes those sounds, you know, is that a farting sound? I don't think you've farted through your armpit. At least I never have yet. Although I've met some people who smell like me. Maybe they were doing it. Yeah. See there we go, Josh. Mark it down. That's pit music. Yeah. It's the pits all right. WQA. Yeah, the gong show. The gong show is tragic. It was tragic. Thanks. It was tragic on purpose. Probably, but she's just saying. Yeah, I was supposed to be tragic with both of you. We were saying, but Chuck Barr has killed him 33 people. I mean, it was with the CIA. The thing I loved best about that thing on biography was that even his best friend say, well, we never know what he's been serious. We don't know whether he just made all of that up or, well, he really was a CIA an agent. You know, little shrimpy guy. Those are the dangers one to little shrimpy guys. Telling you. That's what Anna Maria used to tell me. If he had vase. Look at this. Here's somebody keeping track of the attendance 38,000 Friday, 41,000 Saturday, 28,000 less than 107,000 at the Marlon Games, not too bad for weekend series. We even got to see a couple of goldbergs, sub signs. What does that mean? I don't know. Can you explain that to me? Not me. What goal we're going to be talking about? Not the Humper? Is that all it says about? It says we, you should have seen Krispy cream on PBL, a pomade slice, pomade slice before our West Palm on Sunday morning. Three dozen donuts with a ticket stub. What, what a zoo it says. You think that if they reinstate the draft people, we'll finally start to show some real protest. Thanks and best of you and George. Love you both. Has Jani West Palm beat. All right, go. See it Krispy cream. Not. Well, I do love those. But you can only three. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. The worst TV show of all time. Rick Sanchez show 41. You're making an impact. Rick. You've got him talking. Dr. Phil 20, survivor 14, and in the cool 12, Rosie O'Donnell show eight, and eight, and eight, he hall five, Roseanne four, the low, boat three, magic Johnson show, and two. Buck Rogers one, little house on a peri one, touch by angel one, and then a bunch with none. Out of 112. WDQA, and hello. QAM. Hi, and cool. How are you? Pretty good. How you doing? I'm good. I have a name for your highly irrelevant poll. Yes? And it's a fight in with the sports team of QAM. The magic Johnson show. Oh, I would have sworn I just read that one. Is that one, do you have that one? It's got some vote, yeah. Oh, my god. That thing was off. What about our senior hall? He was right behind us. Our senior hall definitely deserves to be on there. He was the real hoot. Yeah, he was the real hoot. I love you to pieces, and have a wonderful day, and don't come back too soon, because it stinks here. I know that's what I'm here with. Thank you. Bye. I can spell it all the way up here. Ooh, man. That must be coming from a range. That's the swap gas. The swap what? What did he just say? Gas. No gas. In fact, we've gone ascrothed so I've been out of shape about that whole deal. That pretty soon, it's going to be mandatory. They're going to fit you when you're born with a cork in your ass. Correct, though. That's right. That's your quitting meeting. All of those nasty gaseous sound. He don't care how much it smells too bad. He didn't care about that. Because I'm sure that he's don't stink. WQAM, hello. Yeah, happy days. Happy days. I agree with you, man. That was a sticker. To show that was so tremendously popular, almost every character under was just obnoxious, including the funds, and especially Tom Bosley. Yeah. Man. Tom Bosley. He was just highly irritating at best. 1056 at 5.60 QAM. We're supposed to be in 5.60. 2.5 QAM. Hello again, everyone, from the Channel 7 News Center. I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal for update. We have some new reports that just came in there. Hard to explain. So let's move to the Middle East Warmap. We're going to be in the middle of the world. If you will, and I'll try to explain. Rick's world. Hi, John. Hey, Nick. Hurry up. Party on everyone. I'm your most excellent anchor Rick Sanchez. And with me as always, Sally Fitz. Party on sale. Party on Rick called San Pedro lately. Uh, not since I've been back from Houston. People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory. Say, what about that guy you've flattened? Is he still in a coma? I'm so glad you brought that up, Sally. Not. Anyway, who's saying blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank. But those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted. The boom. The boom. As you know, the insane who's saying, Gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what? Yes, poison gas. But as I squat. Uh, And. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. My is well killer right there, you know? Like nowhere near. As your hope you dumped it, because I didn't. I didn't dump anything. What? Not after that last true when I got. I think we need a seminar as well. You know, you dump that. You'd be better to tell me that you didn't. All right. You didn't? No. Josh didn't. No. Oh, boy. Who are you, man? I can just see right now. I was just spending the sentence. Wow. Change Mr. Yeah. So raspberry. Right. He got raspberries in his ass. That was your credit. Tell me. Houseberry. Yeah, it was an assberry. I never thought about that. That's probably what it was. It was just an assberry. This thought was dropping. Anyway. So glad I played that. Not. Bob and tell I has to say that I can post fantasy island as the worst television show all time. Very good choice, Bob. Thank you so much. Fly. We just can't take any chances. No more. You know, I'm just dumping everything. See, I just dumped it again. Not for a reason. Just just going to keep it in the button. Just in grace. Just periodically every few seconds. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. We got the mad dog at two. The a hover at four now. What was that thing about Goldberg sucks? What was that all about? It was not about our hang. Was it? Is there a player? There's a wrestler? I don't know what that means. Anyway, Hankl be a chulestate to him. I mean, like, so tell you whether or not he sucks. 7 o'clock. It's the crow. Oh, my goodness. As the crow flies, the crow is unlike on a weekday. You got to be kidding me. That's got to be. I got to crow by the try here, homeboy. And then, of course, the Marlowe. I see that's the reason because it's before the Marlons. It's the pre pre foreplay game show. 8 30 got Marlons on deck. 905 the Marlons at the Colorado Rockies in Denver. And then after that, we sign off to everybody. Take a rest. How many QAM? Hello. And how are you doing? Pretty good. I know that didn't get dumb. It's not a more like a dumb fact, like. Well, you leave someone, almost made it get charged. There's the N last night. They stink, man. I'm carrying right over. Stinky. You can't win any games unless you score some goals. You got to put the biscuit in the basket. They don't score any goals. Hey, for one thing like time of the flyers, we actually have a goal. It seems to be able to make a few stops. He's unbelievable. He played phenomenal last night. He was spectacular. It's great to see that. No, it's enough. Maybe you guys get a chance next home. But I doubt it. I think we took it away last night. I think it's all over Pell. All right. You can type. Good luck to you. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Good times. Good times for Esther role. She still be dead. But somebody picking says, definitely. Bob says it was definitely bad times for anybody who's tried to sit through five minutes of that. It's awful. Here's another really bad one. Again, some really good suggestions now for this poll. Welcome back, Carter. Even the music makes me want to up Chuck. Welcome back. What's up guys, name with a mustache. Don't tell me. It'll come to me. A capulum, Gabe Kaplan. Very good. Yeah. Why is this one of those things? You know, I take a couple of seconds. I don't like Gabe Kaplan. I hated that shoe even worse. Oh, no. Welcome back, squatter. Careful when you go with that. Anyway, another dead soldier in Follinger, which makes three today to a bag that one in Follinger Americans at is. We don't know the names, though, and we're not interrupting regular programming to put on some breathless reports because this one, ever known it was not another famous football player. There were nobody's. Okay. So let them lose their souls. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line celebrity man. That's what those all about. If you're famous, your life is worth something. If you're not so famous, who cares? That's the message. Come to QAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how about this one? One day in the life called one day at a time with belly bird Nelly and the Phillips Girl and the Abonni Franklin. Girl, tell us what? We are sir, good choice. One day at a time, you got it? We got it. That's what the, I'll present. They want to eliminate one gate of time. 5 6 7. Gabe. 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line. Almost a million people. Maybe more than a million. Marching in at women's a march. Yesterday I was pretty impressive. Yeah. If not getting nearly as much coverage of courses, the fat that the Pat Tillman died in Afghanistan. You do understand that, don't you? Well, they weren't paying. Well, they were paying this woman there, too. Well, they don't care about them. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. How about a, go ahead. Go ahead. Good choice. Especially with that, what's your name? Don't tell me again. I can see him. Mm-hmm. He's a good choice. I can see him. Mm-hmm. He smells like a bad burrito. Give you hit. Yeah. Same first name as our website guy. Eric Estrada. Ooh. What a lady. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Oh, three's company. That's, and now wait a minute. I thought that was the one with Bonnie Franklin. She was one day the time. The first time. The first time. John Ritter. Oh, John Ritter. He's a better rest in pieces. Huh? That was another horrendous show. In fact, I think that's what put ridder over the edge. Baby, Bob, I mean the Lord works in mysterious ways. And I think that's what the happened to him for doing. Yeah, another annoying thing. Let's do a theme song show. Oh. I think we had to think that in the other one. So wait, just a piss off JJ and Pemper Pines. Well, you know, it's still glued to its radio. WQAM, hello. WQAM, hello. Good. New. Yes sir. Uh, what do you think of the Duke's of Hazard? Well, I have my own reasons for liking it. You're asking a wrong guy. Bad show, you're right. All right. Thank you. Bad show. Duke's a hazard. We'll put it on air like John Schneider or Lato. Although, you know, something. I'm going to tell, I've said this before. That show was so bad that even as good as he looked, I still didn't watch it. Right. And that's as a lie. Likewise for Daisy Duke. She was a guy. There were some hot people on that show. And they were all dressed in that real provocative of the real real tight tight clothing. Back at a 70 style. But didn't watch it. Didn't watch a minute of it. You know, just a Tamil surfing when you go through like Nickelodeon's stuff. Oh, look at that. They always had car chases. There you go. It's the Duke's a hazard. It's still on. Nice here, saying, he haul, which kind of says that. I don't know. I want to, I wonder what channel I got on here. That's, uh, let's say. That's got you on it. Hope you enjoy your suspension, by the way. Uh, the rockers file. A rockford files is on. Look at this. There it goes. Oh, okay. Listen, I'm going to check it out right away. This one thing we know, not because any dirty words on a rockford files. But we will fight out. Ha ha ha. Not the way things are going. Somebody QM, hello. Hello. Can I tell you two of them? No, one. Thank you. Green acres is a fabulous choice. You can never do that. Thank you so much. Green acres. Now you like that, sure. Because I guess you like to pick or something. Yeah, I've had the hots for the Arnold the pig. That's right. You have the hots for Arnold. Somebody QM, lie nine. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I think it's working, Mindy. More can Mindy. Somebody bad shows in so little time. You got it. Thanks. Thanks, Pally. Every time I hear another one of these, I think, That's the one. No, that's the one. They all suck. No wonder we're like, well, we're like that. Television is right at our brains boys and girls and kids. You haven't found out. What happened to the golden days man? How do you do that? I mean, how do you? Yeah. Care can't say that no, Mo. And Mr. Bluster. Fini is T. Bluster and Princess Summerfall would Aspring and Care are clear about. The worst TV show all time, the Rick Sanchez show. They're not going to touch your Rick in a course who would want to. 51. Dr. Phil 29 and in the cool 24 that's Smith. Or is the show that will Smith was on. I was a horrible show. Which one? The fresh prince of Bell Air. That's the one. Oh, man. I think you just named it. The fresh prince of Bell Air. Hmm, not too fresh. I can smell that all the way up here. You do spy and angel. Survivor 22. Rosie O'Donnell 14. The magic Johnson show our show our show 14. The love boat seven and then single to just from there. But the list is building. You'll find one you hated like poison. Trust me when I tell you if you haven't already. The love boat. Just the way that the announcer at ABC said that. The love boat. Oh, man. I was getting. Maybe you want to just go over to the. Pup over board. Hello. Yes, sir. Meal. All right. A meal. I got something for a four here. Okay. Rota and Teddy Cote Junction. That sounds like a pair to me. You know, it's how he slipped those in there. I said, yes, give us one. But we'll put them both on there because I'm in a good mood now. Why am I in a good mood? Because I don't know. Because I just got through orphaned abeslies for what a bunch of cheap bastard they are. Man, it's. I mean, can you even imagine. Oh, it's good to cost us 50 bucks to send you that stuff. And by the way, try straffered your responses on there on my emails is very, very unacceptable. Man, that is so well, it'll be there any day. And it was sent there. Yeah. It's in the mail. It's like a check. It's in the mail. Very weak try. Typical QM sales hole response. Not acceptable. Un. Feel it. Or maybe just un acceptable. WQM. Hello. Yeah. How you doing, buddy? Pretty good, pal. I'm going to show that I'm going to score a toll. How about around the horn? What is that? It can be a P and show. It's like the worst day. Is that a show with Dave Van Horn? It's kind of like Dan Horn. Yeah. I've seen George enjoy your suspension for the raspberry, buddy. Ha ha ha ha. I got plans. Now, we don't get suspended for raspberry. It was just a what a delirre Greece dropped the raspberry as what she did. She hangs out with a lot of fruit. It's what I hear. It's 11 past 11, but that was right on the edge. Man, what we're doing the best we can. Okay. It's very difficult. We're like pressing buttons and reaching and grabbing stuff like that. Because that's the QM way anyway. Just ask me to be a lot of reaching and grabbing. That's what I hear. Is that what you heard? Yeah. I heard that. I'll tell you one thing you want here. No more. That's about eating. Well, hear that. Someone George fills in the summer. Those of you who are grossed out by those disgusting shows like eating. Well, hear that. Right. Lot of the else pretty peoed about it. And you certainly won't hear that taste like a any more either. If fact now we got one called taste like his silver dollar. That's does favorite. 11 at 560 WQA. Let's face it. We hear me talk about fast train for a long time. Now, I'm probably wanted to make sense for you. The facts are simple. If you have the dedication fast train can provide you with an training and capability of you. You're new high paying computer career and just four short months think about it. In just four short months it's let's see an equal May June July. Before the end of the summer, you can be on your way to a real career. Fast trains got day night and weekend classes financial assistance for people who qualify once you complete your classes. Fast train will even help you in obtaining that new computer job. So what's not to like. It's really that easy. Just call them today. 1 8 6 6 fast train. 7 locations for you in Florida including Miami Kendall for Lodderdale on prestigious Pembroke Pines where J.J. lives. They're sure to be a fast train campus near you. So call them today. You can check them on the web if you like. First at fast train.com. But then make that life changing call. I could really do some things for your wallet. Call 1 8 6 6 fast train and tell the Todd Drak to do the call. You're my girl. This is for you in place. You weigh in. Another thing. You're the most annoying one of the big stars. My little bit sweet voice. I didn't expect to get anywhere. A little cute. We say cute. I can't change this. I don't want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. I want to go. Yeah. What about? So why, hey. You. What do I do? I want to go. I want to go. Okay. I want to go. I want to go. You have picked a green. No, no, no. You have picked a green. No, no, no. You have picked a green. You have picked a green. Why, you. Why, you. I knew I would smack you. Thank you. I know my smell attract you. Thank you. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And what you need to do with them? That's why you're so not buying. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. I wanted to know that was you In a cute way We do it all day All right, that's enough. 11 18 at 5 60 W.M. happy Monday to you. Big Arne says worst TV show ever. The Adon I'm a show. And it's the boring. That's what Arne says. It says who wants to watch that when you wake up. Hey Arne, who wants to watch that even at any time? In between. Before. Pretty. 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Horizon. Wireless line. Hello. Yes sir. Walton's was. Yeah, it's moments. Nice lap, Alex. I keep thinking of that mole on John Boyce face. Yeah, that's the mole. Was that where the grace been looking for that mole for a long time? I think if you look on John Boyce, push you'll find a mole, Greg. Okay. You'll elaborate on that, but right at the moment. I think probably especially the way things are going. Probably not. 5 6705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless line. Well, we're fine. Did it. WQM. Hello. 2M. Yes sir. I don't want your poll. I don't remember the name of this dog. It was on. WME had the folding by. Black Disney 60. Oh yeah. This gave me a great job. Thanks. See you, pal. Yeah, we can put that on there, but we did that one other time. No, I'm not putting that. We're talking about a network TV show. Showed that somebody actually watched. Not that horrible abortion. WME. Got it sucks. Oh yeah, but they know their stuff, man. At the very dealer, Philistiller, whatever his name is. He really knows his crap. Yeah, that's especially his crap. There's another one of you lucky is people on the face of the globe. And that whole entourage there from WME. Oh, we're going to like re-asshape. They were going to retool it. We're going to read the outright. They really didn't impact on it. And I was speaking in English. When you look at the succession of garbage that they had out loud. What was his name, Bill? What? Oh, come on. Bill Tash? Tash? No, it was. Bill Tash was not. And Bill Tash was the one that tickles on the piano. You're an ET guy. Bill Tash then. Something like that. That's it. Bill just think of times. Right? Out loud. Ha ha ha ha ha. Man, that was something. We can't, of course we can't say. Yeah, that's what it was. That's the word. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a show for your man. All right. 18. 18. Pretty bad, eh? Oh, I'm not on. I'm not on. I'm just in the bin. I haven't made it to the net. I'm not on. I'm not on. I'm not on. I'm just on. We're not on. 5, 6, 7, the 18. Mr. He's a fine. Yeah. Hmm. He went to hit the other side. He said, eh. No, that's right. I forgot about that. While when your Canada's not unusual. WQM, hello. Hey, Neil. Maybe Henry Wincler's Canadian, but I hope not. Yes, sir. I got another show for you. More to the Indian. More. Yeah, I think somebody beat you to it. But it's a good show for you. Thank you. I don't think so. It was pathetic. No problem. The worst TV show all the time. The Rick Sanchez Show 15. No problem. The first TV show all the time. That's more people than actually watch it. I'm sure glad you're sitting on that end. And to what? Yeah, the end of your career. The end of your mediocre career is flashing before your eyes. The Rick Sanchezio 57, Dr. Phil 41, and in a cool 36, Survivor 26, Magic Johnson Chacho and Chacho is 23. Oh, there we go again. Don't that? No. Rosie O'Donnell shows 17. I said, chat. Chat. Chat. He taught 12. The love. I sure hope you'd love that other thing. The love votes 7, test produced by Angel 6, Roseanne 6, the Gong show 5, our city of Hall 5, Little House on the Prairie 3. Why am I reading all these ones? Would like a 1 and 2, like a Lawrence O'Donnell show. What happened to the long zone there? Ooh, yeah. One not a 2 one. The Lawrence O'Donnell show. And that's so wonderful. And here's the lemon sister. That one the phone. On the turning line. WDQAM. Hello. Little House on the Prairie 3. QAM. Hi. Hi. Got a one for your poll. Okay. It's actually made me rout the other day. Yes. I'm listening the morning. Oh, I'm listening the morning. What a concept. I'm a sister for a ring. Exactly. Thank you, Paul. He's trying to say, I'm a sister for a ring. Who are we to disagree and and coherent. Last few days boy, he's been really just because just for a young guy 수� yoga. Excuse me. I think we're. We have enough loses. So. Yes sir. One for the Paul. Okay, it's not the oracle. Oracle. Is that the name of the show or what thing? What is the name of that show? Family matters. Family matters. Well, that's that one then. Okay, thank you. That one. The one with Oracle, you know. Right. Family ties, family matters, family splatters. All of these things. Five, six, seven, so many bad TV shows and so little time, at least until two o'clock. The Islamic Group seeking to fire radio host. A National Islamic Anti-Defamation Organization called Friday for the firing of Boston Talk Radio host, Jay Severin. After he allegedly suggested an exact noon talk show that the U.S. should kill all Muslims. The statement made during Severin Show Thursday and WTKKFM was allegedly part of a discussion about how Severin believes Muslims want to take over the world said, To be an Osmite, a spokesman for the Council on American Islamic Relations. She then said he remarked, I've got an idea. Let's kill all Muslims. The Council was notified of the statement by a caller Osmite said, This type of hate speech impacts everyone he said, adding that she spoke or she said, adding that she spoke with WTKKFM as your own Friday, because they downward spiral of hostility toward interfaith relations and our society should not tolerate it. Matthew Mills, the general manager of WTKK to climb the comment on Severin's alleged comments on what they deserve Saturday. But WTKKFM reported that a WTKK representative said Severin would apologize on a show today. He's going to apologize. Osmite said that on Friday, Mills told her that organization at the statement was taken out of a context. He said Severin wasn't talking about American Muslims. He was talking about Muslims outside the U.S. But I don't know how a statement like, Let's kill all Muslims can be put in any type of context that would be okay Osmite said. We recognize the importance of speech, but people need to be responsible. Yeah, be responsible. If they're involved in you, learn at this, you may need to ask you. You preverts. Hope you run away with a cardinal, whatever an cardinal, pushing. Cardinal, Kushmer and Tuhus, pushing. Yeah, he had a Kush job there for a while. And then Cardinal law had a Kush job to tell everything about he or came flat out of the closet. But they're little boys. Well, Spade little boys. Jack O'Wakth is too late. Laura's office in St. Kity's Setskort case. And the urging of his radical nation of Islam and vises and tops were said, Yes, they wanted to I tell you. We were discussing this before the show and I said, We must be that nation of Islam crowd, talk them into this deal. And George said, huh? Out our celebrity lawyer is Mark Erregos and Benjamin Braffman and in is Thomas Messero. Another famed legal defense legal who would recently represent, Representative and represent actor and murder suspect Robert Blake, who candid by the way, a well-play source said, Erregos and Braffman were dumped by the belieger king of pop of the urging of the nation of Islam leaders who are tied to Lewis Ferrican. In Braffman case he was battling people around Michael Jackson three stride Muslims, a source said, these people have no real interest in Jackson. They have interest in control being up there showing who they are and where they can reach. And of course they're going to do everything they can to turn into a racial thing. You do understand that, don't you? Oh, yeah. The nation of Islam. Since of course he's been always so big in a black community. And he kind of pasty, pasty, pale face black community. As her name Sheila Jackson is that the Congresswoman out there that's always shown up to these correct conferences within now. I'm always at her black, we do. Hasn't done squat for black people as entire life and all of a sudden, it's a racial thing. Everything's sooner or later in America turns into a racial thing. 27 after 11 and 5, 60, this is something that is not. It's an anybody thing. It's the lobster fest at the remote coast. It's back right now. If you've never been there you have no idea. This is not just another one of the 85, 100 Asian buffets waiting out there. This is unmatchable. It is positively. Unbelievable. And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids six and under each per free at the airport coast. And additional airport coast still offers you all their sensational mouthwatering dishes. Strip out with any of six different soups or try a few of more all of them if you like. Then sampled dozens of second-le-long phrase. New York strip made awarded their sizzling Asian grill. The brand new Huna on fish. Enjoy main lobster thermator style. Joe McCrab. Oysters on the half shell. And shovel in little bit that handcar primary. They're new Thai specialties as well. They're buffet features of full salad bar, full Chinese food lineup. They're brand new sushi bar and of course fresh. See you cocktail. And if you have any room after all of these things, boy, you must be some kind of a porcupine. But if you do, while you're self over to the dessert station where you'll find Belgian waffles and pies and cakes, pastry ice cream with all your favorite toppings even first fruit and don't forget. No MSG headache because they don't use any crap only the finest ingredients at the most relocations for you. Pembrac Pine sunny Aows and Sunrise. So take the whole family with you. Book your next business lunch and right now. And don't forget to fill out a monthly membership card to us. You can get their monthly newsletter. Let our good friends at the Emerald Coast cookup of storm for you. Take out and live your available to call 9.54, 5.723822. That's 9.545723822 for the un-matable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. Bye and local. We're sports video 560-U.A.M. Do you judge packing? I want a full investigation. The two should be joking. More than I look to you, if you're joking. I'm a full investigation. The two get more than I think you should be joking. More than I could show this. Like the power one and only the food that comes to bow about a gal better if he's packed. He don't want you to ever see that. All the do on the things you want to say crap. And I'm qualified as for you. Have to get you guys to get from his old man. That's what tell you when you hear his intent. Boots that call up round the flashing. It blows their eyes and waves their yucky. They blow their blood from new and deep. That's gay. One can do physics waves. Like the power one and only the food that. And let the fans live beside us that we show that. He has a mind that will find the old man. By the nature of the sexist so bad. He's a great pack of ill-kittin' alone now. Thank you the job that he got from his death. We got a moment as good as he's seen. And we know what the jealousy and do to see. That's your only requirement for jealousy. He and your old man's up to follow me with this. I don't follow the babysit's go kid. Like the power one and only the food that. He and my buddy stole when he's death. On an avoidant with a feeling it's bad back. If you were to name this from a boobie, that's death. I'll just see see that likes to grant death. I can tell one and only the food that. I can tell one and only the food that. Ah! Maybe Michael Paul needs to be douced by an angel, do you think? Oh, go get the... Fuck it. Get the Delegrease. Twice seven till noon American Idol somebody suggests that's a magnificent choice. Ooh yeah. Yes. Piece of crap and that's why it's so big. Just like McDonald's. Just horrendous growth test. It's huge. Now this facts from Michelle. Is this show you about my psychic powers again? Hmm. She says I'd like to submit a two-close for comfort. I don't even know what that show is. What is that? It was the one that had Jim J. Bullock in it. Oh no! Wow. And Michelle sends two spiral ports for his Bob Revers live in kicking. I just... We were talking about it in this morning. I was. Right? Yes, we were. Since I saw him on a commercial for some patio show, he didn't look so good. It's what it says. Well, you would look so good either if you got screwed over real bad by channel 6 by NBC 6, where they created them like crap and they just... Without letting them say goodbye, they unsurmoanously dumped his ass, Bob. We were my good-close personal friend. We were the weatherman. You people at channel 6 are about to ax murderers. That's what Joe Rose tells us. And two articles from the Drung's website were being reported and read on FILLSHOW. Are you sure? How do you like that? He's made the complete turn to right wing a class hole now. FILLHENDRY. A total sellout. So send. S-thedic. Transject. Okay. Un-belivable. Un-belivable. Rexence has so 69. I don't think he's going to win though. I think others will catch him in passing like he's squatting still. I should play that bit. Well, he's squatting over a rack, you know? I ain't saying that. But not anymore than that. There was nothing wrong with that. It was just like somebody brushed his balloon that's all. All this panic about, oh, I heard that sound. I heard a sound, yeah. Well, prove it. Okay. It's got a past a sniff test. Un-ish-o. If it don't past a sniff test, if it's got no aroma, then don't count. Like there's no passion in it. It's like if you front me innovator and doesn't have any aroma. Right. It's an SBD. No, if it's, what's the opposite? Noisy, but antiseptic. You know, the NBA. It's a world-chamberland fart. NBA. Anyway, the worst ever, sing a lot with Mitch. Oh, could that have been the Mitch Miller show? I don't recall that he had a show, but that if it were he did, it was. You're right, Jay. Yeah. Just as sing a lot with Mitch. You know what? I loved about Mitch Miller. And I said, the first time I can't stick. Maybe, he said for me, was from Rochester. He used to do the thing with a hand. How do I do it on the radio? Look at the speaker on your radio, folks. Have a look. You know what I'm talking about? We hit his hands on a company or conducting it. Oh, man. Woo! The good news is Mitch Miller is dead. That's the good news. No more that. Let's see. Chicken soup with Jackie Mason was by far the worst TV show ever. Was it on long enough to qualify? It was terminal. It says chicken soup with Jackie Mason who's still talking like this. He and Mower, the only two people in the world speak like that. Absolutely. Oh, and I'll tell you one person that Moe ain't speaking like that or like anything else to. I mentioned this before, but I'll mention it again. Just to bust his balls. And that's guilty. What about it? They don't speak. Oh, yeah, yeah. You mentioned that. Very little conversation in between the, what's on the ear? They just, you know, kind of sit there and look in the opposite direction. It didn't take, I mean, I'll take quite a while to a couple of years. And guilty. And guilty. That relationship. Oh, yeah. And this, of course, comes right from the horse's mouth when I was there. And he came to me and said, I was like that. Tell me the whole story. But that's, it's you, Moe. The man wants to be like, he wants to be loved. But he just, he's a hard guy to love. Now back in the day, I could have had some good lines about that. But I don't think I will know, Moe. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Don't forget not only have we got catering or with. Vitt no close on on our behind to be decrypt in today. But right there on our website, I'm on the bedtime stories today, is a story with a headline, Pat Boone stands up for censorship. And I guess so we're talking literally and figuratively because if you click on the original story from the Drugs retort that's with two teas, you'll see the old boon in the box. I got news for a minute. Well, I don't want to say it. Not to impressive. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Maybe that's what it used to write those love letters in the sand. W.A.M. Hello. Hey, Pally. Yes sir. Hi, for the poll I got full house. Full house was trapped. It was found with the songs, the deem screen that you have. Right. You guys got a dig up by ATDC, 30 deeds, thunder and cheap. Thunder, cheap whatever it's called. Right up the end. You got to get a concerto. It's like a bunch of stuff with the man. Alright, we'll work on it. See you, Pally. Thanks, Pally. Have a great day. And don't forget. Guys, let's do a poll on it. What you like better? You're like the deem screen? I'm guilty. I don't think it's any kind of thing. The girl he's got him hands down. Howard Dean was the man. The carry people are getting pissed off of me. Look, I said it away. I see it. Okay, I'm not here to pay any money. I'm not here to do a light bulb radio. Oh, the right is all bad. The left is all good. Whatever. And that's crap. It's idiotic. It's garbage. It's swill. The fact that a matter of is that Bush will be, Uh, which carry whatever his name is. It's carried me 20 points ahead right now. If he was running a good campaign. Yep. I mean, a war is a disaster. The economy, gas prices are every day they seem to be eating in all time new high 248 for premium and lighter than California today. Well, I was there. I paid 208. 208 to fill up my beautiful Corvette. Are you ready for that? Hmm. In my life, did I ever pay two bucks a gallon for gas? No. No. So, the economy is still unemployment is rampant. They keep peddling, you know, keep manipulating all the numbers. Well, the market is this, yeah. What's today? Maybe not tomorrow. What is the market doing today? That's take a quick peek. Is it bad? No, not real bad. Just kind of like medium bad. Nah, look at that. It's not just flip flopped. Kind of like Bush and carry. It's doing a flip flop. That will up three points. That's that down 482 cent. Not doing much. But any kind of a candidate that was really one and another campaign. And then, of course, miss speaking of miss Fudge. All the carry tapes, the carry tapes. Maybe she's going to show the carry tapes. How he threw his medals in 1971. Who gives a flying fudge about that at this point, huh? Who cares? If you're anything, they got to be. If all of a sudden they wakes up in a morning. And carry, he's got a pimple on his ass. Right away, we're going to. The drug report is going to have a big report with pictures of it. No doubt blown up 8 million times. Looking, who mongus heal a monster or something like that? Look at this. Look what we found this morning on the. I'm carries a butt. And of course, there are a lot of stupid people out there like this one. Who the personalities are that. We might be looking at or that the Iraqis might be a brother. Oh, brother. He makes me want a scream. Okay. Roll and cool and him and his son, man. Send the two of them on the next mission to Mars. Mike and little worked up here to tell me to come down. It's only run. They were just. They just said we're just taking our way through. Want to paycheck. That's all. Just want to paycheck. We're just taking our way through. And this week we're just taking our way through to another Thursday. Thursday morning when the book comes out and then. Then they will hear you. My. And look. Or not. This is for three of my six. Two way. Two way. Yeah. And birth. This golden get served. One. Wonderful. Double you. Kill. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hey. Hey. Oh. Yeah. Yeah Oh. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. I'm 46-14. The Lunar 5-60WQM, the worst TV show of all time, is Bridget Love's Bernie's own. Please charge the 1980 Killing of None. This is a lovely story. Another one of these isolated incidents, Toledo, Ohio. A Roman Catholic priest was charged in the 1980 Killing of a None whose body was found in the chapel of the hospital where he served as chaplain police said the Reverend Gerald Robinson 63 was arrested for out eight five months after police reopened the investigation into the death of sister Margaret Ann Paul. Chief McNavaro said. All 71 was stabbed about 30 times. But third man. And strangled April 5, 1980 police said her body was found in the chapel of Toledo's mercy hospital where she was the caretaker. At a news conference Friday night Navarra said new technology later Robinson's arrest he wouldn't elaborate what to link with Robinson. Nobody talked about evidence or motive. Police started up the cold case based on a tip provided the Lucas County Prosecutor's office. The Reverend Michael Billion spokesman for the 19 County Dicee, Toledo said. Church officials will cooperate with police. And certainly saddens that I see he says, lot of sad stuff going on these days in the Catholic church, you notice? Yeah, I noticed. It's sad. But then again, just pass the plate, please. I'll pass it over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Howm 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Let's get a list of about 20, 30,000 names. About 30, man. I've really bad TV shows so many in so little time. Line 9, WDQM, hello. Deal. Yes sir. Okay. The 700 club with Pat Robertson. If we want to consider that a show, what your really is, but who wants to be picky at this time since it's been? Okay, I mean to thank you. The 700 club. Is that really the name of a show? Yeah. It is? Sure. Not a show. Okay. Show not. The 700 club of the obnoxious smearing, smearing, grinning, oh man. Too bad about the Charles Taylorian on Africa. All those deals he had going. Sport all his plans. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. WDQM, hello. What happened? How you doing, Pally? Just my choice. What happened to me? Oh, I think, okay, what happened? Okay, I thought he would give me like a greeting, but it's what happened. Was that really the name of the show? Yes. What happened to him? Who was on that show? We run. He died. Or was it an original? What happened to him? I just vaguely remember that. How long ago was that? Not long enough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line. WQM, hello. How you doing, sir? Do you know what's the way I'm in guy? Your name is back. He's at the right wing guy in the morning. Right. Right. Build tech and blend back. Right. And then show that I handle probably the worst one day at a time. That Schneider guy was in the closet. You know. Okay, thanks. Now, one day at a time, I thought, did we do that one? I thought we put that on there already. Well, let's take a look. That was the Bonnie Franklin, right? See. And the guy, the janitor was a pad Harrington, correct. From the Steve Allen Show and Valerie Bertnelly. And Valerie Bertnelly. She was QC. Sure. And she left to save the show done. No. If I was a horrible horrible horrible show, it was bad. It was annoying. And how come it is that somebody these annoying shows, I guess, they must add some kind of a good deal for the putting it in the syndication because these shows keep coming back. Here's another one the most watch show in the world. Now, you already know because you already just saw me the facts. The most watch TV program in the history of the world is they watch. What does that tell you that there's no chance for you to erase? There's a best use for that even though I didn't watch. Had the you know the oaksus. Okay. Now let me see if I can remember his name Billy Basson. Billy, don't tell me. The little kid with a black hair, the short kid that turns. He sure looks better in the panel of the leave, but then you need to do with anybody. Look better in panel of the Billy. Babbit. Bibbit. No. I don't know what his name is. Are you doing talking about the surfer? Yeah. Kelly. Now, not Kelly slay there. Kelly slay there was like a real surfer in real life. This was on the show. He was a surfer. He was a surfer. Like I was a surfer. Billy Warlock. That's it. See how easy that was. Just look right off your tongue. You know I can earn this to say I've never watched an entire episode of that show. Really. Really. I've watched it, but only in Europe. When it was no other English language program on, you know, either an Amsterdam or in Germany. It's on just about every country in the world. I tried to watch it and then Pam comes on the street. Then I show you how desperate the world is to show you what bad taste people. I got to really think that David Hasselhoff is like an actor, like a stop, like something as opposed to here where we know him best. And we can't put him almost in the category with the recent. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I got a couple of four events. How about one? Okay. One. One fever. Dan's fever. Bad show. Dan's fever. And I was then Eterio. And it's worth gryph and our Denny's doing these days. Okay. Maybe we're going to be appearing in Denny's. Oh, that's all about your crap. Okay. He was madly in love with Ava Gabor. We know that. Yeah. Come on, Murr. Come out before it's too late. What is my poll question? What a Murr. Griffin Charlie Chris and Norma Lee can't have in common. 560560, Palm 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. So far Rick Sanchez show. 80. And in the cool 58, that cow. Dr. Phil 48, Survivor 35, Magic Johnson Chat Show 29. Rosio Donald 20. Did we get our SINEO on here or not? Not yet. Yeah. We did. We did. I was always afraid he was going to fall right off the edge of that couch. You know. You are a SINEO husher. I don't see it. What's there? You're positive. Oh, there it is. It's got seven votes right under Dush by an angel. Let's play that thing again. Go forward. No. WQM. Hello. Yes sir. I got something for the poll. Yeah. I have six million dollar woman. That was a remake after the six million dollar man. Yeah. Remember that? No. Never saw that. Called the biotic woman by the way. The biotic woman right. I got another one for George. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Are you doing that? He often again. That sounds nice. It's infectious. It's my personal easy. I see. I thought she was under Jefferson's. Which we're not putting on there. What's that? The Jefferson. Oh, I was one of the best shows on TV. Are you kidding me? Man, oh man. But he. I'm infectious. Exactly. Why not do it again? WQM. Hello. Did I hit the gun? I don't know. Yes. Supposedly. Oh, come on. You're a judge. Yeah, you're a judge. You don't know. They're a judge. You don't know. They're a judge. Yeah. They're a vence in your life. They're never forget where you were. Yes. Like when James K. was shot. The 20 hours attack. When John Johnson called the stand major show. When Paul Harvey Jr. made his last call to the New Roger show, right? That's in the popsicle twins came on the Gond Show. Really? Do you remember that? I do. That's what took the show off the air. It's a matter of fact they showed that when they had to check by a check various autobiography thing. I mean, the bio whatever was. They said that you never did on the air today ever. Right. But anyway, I've got to show. I can't believe nobody's called it. It was really popular in Canada. It's a British show. And some of the first and ugly ass actors you've ever seen. Doctor Who? Doctor Who? Do you remember that? Yes. Oh. Does that not the worst show ever? It was in the running. So, I mean, they didn't take somebody like George and we're happening. Have a good. Have a good. That is. The Gond Show was fun. Let's face it. And how come they had so many screamers on that show? J.P. Morgan was a real bulldog and then they had the ripped tailor. Jamie Far. Jamie. Now Jamie Far, do you think is I don't have you on it? Oh, come on. Jamie Far is gay. I have no idea where that dress on that. Yeah, what'd I prove it? WDQAM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Sense of the island. Somebody beat you to it man. Oh, well, just remember George's gay. Okay, thanks. 560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT. Well, we always wanted to have a gay president. I guess we got one. WDQAM. Hello. And, I'm good. No, I don't. Yes sir, all right. And I got it. So, for you, how about family manners and soup circle? Okay, again, somebody left. Let's just I'll figure what. Call in and read a sum from the list. We could just start the show back when we wanted to take. Right. Let's start the show. I could read the facts again from JJ and Pemberp. Why isn't called in yet? I don't think, dammit. Probably listen to that, uh, carry grant you on. I would do whatever is. How does this into the light bulb and some of that financial advice? Maybe listen to the mid-Hershow. 300 and 70 votes. The worst TV show of all time. The Rick Sanchez Show 85. I'm just going to do the top few. The contenders. And the cool 58. Dr. Phil 50. Survivor 35. Magic Johnson's. Chachow has 29. In fact, I think that would be most appropriate. Four minutes till noon at 5. 60. WQAM. The Mad Dog at 2. The Humper at 4. The Safno. We got to find out about those postures at the ball game. And look, this is for 23.56. QA. QA. The smart Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QA-M. QA-M. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. QA. He's an automobile friendly. Back to the USA! Here's the plot to the truth, really. Not me, I'm a queen, but it's not the truth. Now, in the middle of this, you will face a question of doubt. And hopefully, go wherever, wherever, wherever, wherever, wherever. I have to show me when I got her not a poor two feet. Now, in the middle of this, you will have to know. I want to build a place with my take-home image. And then I'm gonna sit back, now I'm gonna back to the USA! You should come out and look me! Oh, back to the USA! You're a means to have a great end of this drama. And I'm gonna start with the drama. You should come out and watch the movies. Oh! Bravo to a five, sixty WQA man, a son of a shinin here at its beauty. Good? Case cashed with Elvis Luston and wants to know the Toronto weather. Let me take a peek to it. It's 48, but it's gonna be 58. And that lovely? I'll take it. I'll take a look at the sun and 50. Nice little breeze. Oh, man. Just a light jacket, you know? Perfect. Anyway, here's the fact that says, After a mash. What does that mean? That was a show. That was the name of the show after a mash? Yeah. That idea. After a mash? Trust me. Okay. How about Monster Mash? Here's one that says, Davey and Goliath. Sure. I have no idea what it was then. Claymation, Christian Shope. How about your pardon? Claymation. Christian Shope. Boy. Let's see. Here's one that says, What's your opinion on most possibly redeeming himself just an ounce? This was his call on WQA's draft book party show Saturday. The dolphins have selected Vernon Kerry from the University of Miami. The crowd is screaming and jumping up and down here. And pro-player. It's like they were just told they can re-vote on the 2000 election. It's incredible. Not bad. It says, but still a whistle. What's so great about that? Like you almost made a political statement and every deems him? Yes, what? No, of course. Ask y'all data, redeem him? No. Still the same classful as you always was. Here's the fact that says last week you talked about that not Tim La Hei, who said that the anti-Christ will set up his reign in Babylon, which is present day Iraq, is it possible that the neocons are actually trying to help fulfill this prophecy? Who knows when you deal with crazy people? If so, they are following in the footsteps of many in Megalomania, dictated in history, Constantine also thought his military conquest and subsequent reign was disdusting by God, and his kingdom was the predecessor of the kingdom of Christ's prophecy. Ironically, Tim La Hei was right about the anti-Christ, isn't the Holy Land word is also in Babylon? There's a website called Yadiya and Sidron's song. Thanks, whoever you are. After Mesh, more thank goodness I missed that and Davian Goliath. I think he's like, he's not so right. He's not so right. He's like, you know, the minor stars like Jenny Far and Gary Bergog. Gary, what? Bergog. Can't say that, no, no, no. He was on for some reason. He was on a match game a lot. Yeah, for some reason. Gary Bergog. And also Richard, the way we want to talk about it. Yeah, with his hand, you know. Yes, he did. Yes, Gary Bergog, yes. Well, I'll be there. No, I don't think he's one hand in a match. That was kept on hand in his pocket or behind the clipboard. I see. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. The worst TV show of all time is the Rick Sanchez show has got about a 30. How many? About 39. 49 vote lead over and in the cool show all she's right on his ass. And in the cool's right, I'm Ricky Tickie's ass. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Is this deal? It sounds like me, yes. How you doing, Alcobillo? I'm doing great. You're not going to believe this man. I don't believe it. I got a picture of your signal on 75 right out of Naples. No one's taken. Can you still set that? No one's taken with your station today. No one's with a, yeah. That's it. So any harmony, no man's lying. The alligator, I just wanted to call say hi and touch him a long time. What about to a sample bay light? The one out of Ontario, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want to say that. I'm sorry. Get it right. We got our own problems with filter. I'll hear me. I think the lightning could wind the cup this year. We mean that. I like that. Yeah, well, you know, hockey more than me. That's for sure. I don't mean that my geography. And their fabulous. Yeah, I'll have a great day. And back to you. Bye bye. Bye bye. Let's see friends. Never funny. Back moving to South Florida was even better says this facts. Okay, Mike. And that says it all. Even moving to South Florida was funnier than friends. Another one of those state of the state of mind things. Kind of like cheese. Cheese. Time jick a like cheese. Wow. No, well, what? Not be knocking our good bald head. Little buddy, Tom. Jacob, I want to be too easy. Write something to make sense. At least you wrote several articles about all this crap that's going on in broadcast. And that which is more than I can say for Glenn Garntsey. I mean Glenn Garvin over there at the Miami-Herald. Oh, can I come in and sit on the show one day? Yeah, that'll be as excuse. When you guys never call me back, column up and tell me's a class whole. Okay. Glenn Garvin. Here we got the most unbelievable series of fines and censorship and all this crap going on. Is the free to see it's just like this March. He had a Washington over the weekend. Women want to make their own choices. Just like listeners want to make their own choices. People read books and magazines and newspapers want to make their own choices. What a concept. That's what it used to mean to be free. Not no more. And yet 50% of the public, I got to do this one again. This I mentioned it earlier, but this just it just grinds my fat old pimple ass. A new pool. Show's that 57% of Americans continue to believe that Saddam Hussein gave substantial support to Volkha to terrorists before the war with Iraq despite a lack of any evidence of that relationship. In addition, if that isn't depressing enough, 45% of Americans have the impression that clear evidence was found that Iraq worked closely with those some of it, law and the work. And a majority believed that before the war Iraqi, there had weapons of mass destruction or a major program for developing them. There is no known evidence to date that these statements are true. Oh, God. For example, among those who say most experts agree that Iraq had banned weapons, 72% plan of OTHERBUSH. So I guess you know, likes to track because he's a moron, then the rest of the people want to vote for a mart. Moron. Which makes sense to me. In the pool taken by University of Maryland's program in international policy attitudes, roughly four in 10 Americans perceived the administration as saying it had clear evidence that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction just before the war. Maybe they just disappeared. Maybe that magic wand thing that sounds you got there. Yeah, just like that. Well, they disappeared. Son of a, this magic wand. Too bad for him he couldn't away this magic wand. He could have disappeared. It didn't work. If his magic wand was working so good. Not just nauseating. And like the guy said before, where is the American public? Where are the people getting their information? Where are they getting their news? Where are they getting their facts? What the hell are they reading? Who's reading it to them besides me? And I don't know, apologize for reading any of these stories on here. Factures was right about that. Gotta be right about something sooner or later. Eventually. Yeah. Like a clock. Right. Like the one on the wall there that thing. 5, 6, 7. Let's just lighten it up a little bit. I won't get all done out of shape and pissed off again. I want to let you get JJ all set and paper pines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I mean, if you watch like I said last week, you watch BBC. And then you watch CBS in any of your over the any of the American. I was and you wonder what more of these people talking about. I think you had to figure out, I mean, it's too great. I'm not sure that. I just think how do you like that? That's the BBC. I don't know what the only just said. I think it was, I think you said. Yeah, you better watch it. I don't that. I think so. He is a game. It could be tight. It'd be really difficult to cure. It was an research centre, similar to this one, but a young woman was infected with this deadly disease. International officials say it's clear mistakes were made. Those safety checks are now being conducted. We are concerned that it is taking a long time. If they put real news on their on a BBC and on the BBC, they are in, there are no puff pieces. If you're watching it, and 80% of what they show are puff pieces, 15% are lies. The rest of it is just about your crap. But anyway, that's what you got. WDQA and hello. Yeah, like the dark and ill. Speaking. You know, hey, how you doing? Sensational. If it's that bad in this country, then leave. Yeah. Okay. If that bad then leave. All right. Yeah. I believe that, you know, what? No matter how you feel about the war in Iraq. You still have to support our president and our boys over there. I see. So in other words, when Lyndon Johnson, live in the American public about the Vietnam, we had to support our president. You're a Quizling man. You're a simple to know. Okay. You're a moron. You're an idiot. You moron. Right. No matter how you feel, you have to support our president. What kind of a simple thing was that? Now, we're, we're, we're, we're the, what kind of a rock that he crawled out from under? What kind of a rock? If we're for people protesting all throughout history, governments would have done. The government's voted done. We know what more kind of crap. Not to mention the crap they already got away with. Just like the two of us, we were just following orders. And just Quizling's like human are responsible for most of the slaughter that's taken place throughout recorded history, including what's going on right now. How could anybody support this madness, this lunacy? So basically, what he's saying, even though we know they lied through their teeth, it was made up of all bunch of crap to justify this, we still have to support our president. You're like a little child man. You're like a little simple thing. Like about a five year old. And my apologies to every five year old out there, who certainly got you under the table. And I'll tell him what to do with you. Man. What a no matter what it is, we've got to support our president. And see, the people like to bush crowd, the neocons, they always like try to lump to, oh, we've got to support our president and the truth as if, as if those people are protesting against the war don't support the troops. Guess what? The troops don't support the president. Guess what? The ones, those of us who oppose the war that sent them over there to be slaughtered, which is going on every day, including five more today. Every single day there is blood on your hand, simple things like usher. There's blood gushing from every finger from every poor in your hands. Go try to wash it off, man. Take every detergent, take air and take tide, take a SOS page, and you still can scrub off the blood from your bloody hands, you bloody idiot. Anyway, like I said, let's keep it light. 1213 at 5.60. Think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any stir-front locations. It means beating the competition on every dimension. And that's what Dalama Triss has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything. Dalama Triss won the 2004 Better Business Bureau located a local torture work for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to warn your business before during an after-the-sale. When you call 1-800 mattress and talk to one of their expert bedding consultants, you can rest assured you're getting the best possible mattress anywhere, choose from all the top names in a business they got them all. They got Seely, Surtha, Simmons King Coil, tempered pt. and even Stearns of an Anis Foster. And 1-800 mattress, you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery either. Dalama Triss takes same day orders all day long from Kendall to Stewart Palm Beach to Ford Mires and don't forget. It's the truth. When you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date and twilight delivery window when you want your mattress delivered and there might be a part of their delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time, almost perfect, almost as good as us. I'm a satisfied telematra's customer for years and when you call the first time, I guarantee you will be too. So do what we always do call 1-800 mattress or log onto their website mattress.com. Dalama Triss 1-800-MATTRES, the easiest possible way to buy you a great new mattress and get on to great nights late. And I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. I'm a little bit more excited about this. Now, So do you want to go back to this? drive you're gonna need more gas it's the greatest country in the world they train us to Louis and anyone who says that obviously and afford to be a whatUAful have you you got a support man loving or leave it all the old cliches brother he must have fought a couple of bumper stickers you know what on his back on the toilet seat twelve nineteen five sixty w q m time in candles got a good point the worse you ever was night rotter starring david hassle hall no that's worse but if it's so got david hassle off it's got to be right in there that was the one with the car the the gay car gay the gay car yeah the car was gay it was gay quite you don't say here's what it says that rather eat worms and hang by my testicles and watch this do do fear factor another one another real piece of turd you know her that naked segment had like to see more out and this the episode fear factor deserves to be on there people eat worms people the humanizing themselves the grading themselves just like they got to call their men to go people show their hands to the universe five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eight tante ah oh this program is performed at legal operation and will be shut down what do i just do i think it must be my CIA tap on my computer you think haha so i guess i better read a real fast the worst TV show all-time Rick says is your one-on-one and a cultural sixty-eight Dr. Phil 55 survivor 41 magic Johnson's chat show 34 Rosio Donald's coach 26 we do have a lot of Brits who listen you know so they must have a good sense of humor Yes, we did They understand what I'm talking about they know exactly in fact if they were so obsessed with all the British stuff and the real family all that crap the batten birds They'd still be over there They'd still be drinking all that scrapy old Can't see no you can't Give me a Q amp hello Yes, sir How about to I don't know if you heard this show, but there's a cook show and he's being too called called pizza terrible. I have heard of it. Yeah, that terrible and by the way Since Jelby doesn't self-promoting more. How about a mo show? Okay, sounds like a winner to me. Thanks, pal. Hey The crow and mo show the jull and mo show the no I have about the no mo mo show. I like that The Owen mo with a call to oh mo show the Owen mo show Put a couple almost I love that 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T the day is gonna come home and you're gonna have to meet your Marvin maker. Okay at Monticello raceway and upstate New York you're gonna have to meet Marvin maker Speak of that Pat boon stands up for censorship this articles in our website today. Be sure to click on where it says link to original article from the drug retort That's with two teas we can say two teas. No, two Well, can't even say mister clean living 1950s Kruna or Pat boon is not a crusade to clean out Hollywood. I don't think censorship is a bad word But it's become a bad word because everybody associates it with some kind of restriction on liberty boom Total group reporters at the right wing Washington times owned by the obnoxious Reverend Sonny on moon boon is in town lobbying for meaning in LA for the 60 plus association they senior citizens group Trying to repeal the inheritance stack, but he's more jazzed about the field censorship has helped he for any society and that goes for arts and entertainment anything said boon at some point Align that has to be drawn between one man's liberty and another man's license By boon standards the US government's become more healthy since Jan and Jackson Pleister by press for a nanosecond during the Super Bowl NFCC cracked on on the in these in broadcast metadata $495,000 fine for the Howard Stern show Stern shows no discipline no self-restrain at all boon told your list Interestingly enough book a give Janet Jackson a pointer about how to expose an organ and then on the next page Which you'll see there is that picture from back in the 84 The old boon in the box from Hustle magazine It says this look what I found photograph has been floating around for years on use net the online network of discussion groups that even turned up on a Frank Zapper produced pictorial in Hustle magazine in 1984 Someone had a polar right and found a polar right and sold it to Larry Flunhurst is publisher queen of one performer since he couldn't use it anywhere I'll see used it here as you might expect Flynn had a field day with this one a field day Go ain't no thing 567 0560 as he just don't use the logic didn't you be okay no engine line 9 2A and hello 9 or 9 or what is it? Can I use a madverb? No just leave it alone don't touch it WQM hello I am real had a show that was pretty bad it was a conno Oh yeah you're right Who you know what is it? How many you uh, I don't know he doesn't know what the name was Emerle Legacy man or she and I can't play those drops anymore no Can't play the sounds that go along with him or we can't do anything in his classes Love it early but then you have to back our president what what kind of a seriously what kind of a durable quote up inside of his body huh man What a lunatic That had to be a put on didn't that didn't have to be a just a bit I can't find anybody could possibly be that stupid that much of a quiz link just to get you whipped up They worked good That's good I may go apologies for bush bashing because I intended to do plenty of a between now and the election man Somebody's got to Or when Jackson showed up late for his hearing because of all the chaos outside of the way they're planning for Friday You know when he's going to be um, they have the thing Or they call it grandstand No, no they're planning another they're they're going to bust people in rush loads of people for another big uh But loads dog and pony show right I'm being a part of bus loads WQM hello Thank you our pop and stuff WQM hello Uh, okay, somebody beat you that was a rhyme with the H&R pop and stuff. Yeah, what right? What but he actually said something almost coherent. Oh, those It's your buddy. Yeah, come on WQM hello I love to meet you. Yes, sir. Have you read big lines by Joe Conifins? No, by got him the other room is a matter of fact Oh, man, it is awesome. I got a whole bunch of books lined up. I got a read I'm turned man I'll stop the stab in his full of great just all the Republican wing if I can see there's no point in my reading any of this stuff because I was thinking about this last night I've read all of these things and they all say this I mean, I know it. What I don't need to keep reinforcing it. I know what the problem is the public does I don't know it one more thing Um, here's the contribution for you I, uh, where did you, you could maybe able to get away with you? Too bad What is it? Too bad To be able to say Toots bag A toots bag I see, okay, we'll work on it. Thanks. We'll tell them the degrees What do you think? Two spag Bracom No You love that. I've got to do the break. Schools rated by FBI and parvading crackdown. Eric was so whipped up about it. He actually emailed me this story over the weekend From the Arizona Republic. All right. Get those bootstop and baby. Fashism is alive and well. They're going to slam your kids up against the wall They're going to first come there. They're going to grab and they're going to squeeze and they're going to search him. Then they're going to send them off to be slaughtered in Iraq or some other 85th World country. You'll see But you've got a lot of man. You've got a lot of America and the president As a Chinese say pal, Zion America Twenty seven past noon at five sixty WC and let's face it. You'll be in her me talk about fast train for a long long time Now probably one of the different makes sense for you. The facts are pretty easy. If you have the dedication fast train can provide you with necessary training And they can help you really achieve that new high paying computer career in just four short months. That's right In just four short months by the end of the summer you can be on your way Fast trains got day night and weekend classes financial assistance for those who qualify And once you complete your classes fast train will even assist you in obtaining a new high paying computer job It's really that easy. All you have to do is make that one easy call one eight six fast train Fast trains got seven total locations including Miami Kendall for a lot of the November Ponce So there's Bonda be a fast train campus near where you live So check them on the web first get a more information of fast train.com And then make that one easy call sit there running your fat ass and make that easy call that can change your life in a big way and get you a big fat paycheck Call one eight six fast train Gambling at the barcada dropping dollars in the slots Mivaling and enchilada when the wheel of fortune slot machine got high When the numbers got a scale She knew deep down in the gut Water loop is started grating and one of the jackpot bigger than her daughters But she knows mom is role living the money They brother a giant paper chair When you stop and think it's kind of funny Talk about your bad luck better Oh my god How pretty to have five sixty WM here's jackfaxes me and says book you want to recommend road state American war with the world By TD almond one of his kindergarten reg almond Mr. Alma gives a detailed description of the players and actions which led the west of this genocide and Iraq I'm certainly a fighter extremely informative read by the way did you see the AFP photo from Iraq where the US soldier is searching A three or four year old little girl with today's hero to that photo as and say what effing insanity this is that I don't know what what does well how about the fact that all these little children got shot at and killed That story that you mentioned earlier. I heard a different version over the weekend on the news Yes the roadside bomb blew up the humby children came out to jump up and down on the humby when the army showed up they opened fire on the child And it was top and on the humby humby right and killed four of them. Yes How's that different from the story? Oh that's just that detail. I see why do you know when things happen Go take everybody out when a doctor takes those little kids out Let me say it again. There isn't one person who has been killed main wounded over there who would be killed They're wounded except for this insanity. It wasn't paradise, but it was you know, we said we'd prompt them up in there And they were doing the best they could of all the Arab countries They were living the they had the greatest equality between men and women Right high standard living decent economy. There you go But no and now we're gonna we're gonna force democracy down your throat. What do you want it or not? Has it we are not doing too good of a job. Now speak it of democracy or what it used to be schools rated by FBI and Perting crackdown. This is from the Arizona Republic. Federal agents in Phoenix and elsewhere in the country rated schools and other targets in a national crackdown on Pirated music CDs and movies. You ready for that? Agents poured to data and records at a computer command center for the dear valley school district of the Northwest Valley This is in Arizona Phoenix and blocked the office from the public. It was among other places in Arizona and quite a few other states Where sealed search warrants were served the FBI be saying The rates came on the same day that the Justice Department officials in Washington announced a creation of a new intellectual property task force to step up copyright enforcement The intellectual property task force Some of the stolen copyrighted material being sought in the raids is suspected this haven't been distributed from overseas sources The raids are reflective of a new effort by the Justice Department of Treat copyright enforcement is a higher priority Something that motion picture music industry officials have been urging FBI agents rated the dear valley district administration services center just south of dear valley high school in Glendale about six a.m. in state most of the day The site houses the district information services and technology offices essentially the brains of the district computer system Said Timothy Tate district spokesman school officials were not warned advance even the district's top officials including superintendent Virginia Mcalley Learned of the search warrant only when computers went down Places were not disrupted but computer use in the district office was limited with no internet access or email We were very much in the dark tates said FBI spokesman Paul Breston wouldn't come in a while the federal government was searching a school district system And he wouldn't identify the other sites in Arizona else where that were served with the warrants Breston refused to comment on the raids at dear valley facility else where and he wouldn't say how targets is where targets were identified Noting the search warrants run to court seal Last year a senator judiciary subcommittee held a hearing on the link between international copyright parisian organized crime And the FBI has said there's strong evidence that organized crime groups have moved into intellectual property crime using the property pay for other activities on Wednesday and Washington David is real light Chairman of the adjusted departments intellectual property task force announced the names of people who would serve with him on a new task force created by a 30 general john as croft The task force will examine how the department of justice handles intellectual property issues and develop recommendations to future efforts The group expressed to issue a report recommendations to ask by the end of year. I think reports going to say just not to go as down and confiscate anything you want books computer records all of these things you know I'm saying All of these things right magazines newspaper articles periodicals etc Portland paper stuff where graffiti written on the T room walls all of these things I just mentioned that in passing as the settlers boots that's keeps getting louder and louder. Lovely with baby 560 pound 560 on the AT and T line the worst TV show look at that it did shut off. I was an impenantitua, but the good news is it came back on or go out better. It came right back. Worst TV show of all time is your choice. WQ and hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. I'm still feeling over that guy that's called you. I think you know part of the country is the series bringer mentality and answer when Neil. No, George said most of them don't want to be there. On Dan Rather two weeks ago they interviewed a gentleman as wife he'd been in Iraq for a year and he said that the president needed to answer to all the soldiers that are there. He's a West Point graduate and he lost three of his best friends and they asked him I guess it's time to serve as a result and he said what are you going to do now? He said I'm going to call the carry campaign and see if I can campaign for carry. So you know it's even Chris Matthews said last week when the conference they showed the two people that were fired. He said how can these people be fired and the people who took us into war aren't fired? Right. You know people. And now they're attacking carry on his war record. You got an A-Wall president. You got a vice president who got a deferment never served one minute. That's right. It's just unbelievable. But you know I listen to you every day I read every book and again I just feel that it's the people who have no clue. No clue they don't read they don't listen to their helpers. They're hopeless. That's why I always feel I'm preaching to the choir. If it hadn't been for you I would never start reading two years ago and you just have to keep on and people are coming around. Believe me they are slowly but surely well we've got a few months. We still got time. Thank you so much. Have a great day. Thanks. Twenty one two one and five sixty WCU have Malavada leave it. You got a little support our president. No, we don't. That's why we got an election. Okay. See in a dictatorship you don't have any choice like him Cuba. You have no choice and by the way speaking democratic elections they're not going to have any democratic elections in Iraq. I'd like to point that out to the US and the US. I'm going to decide who the ruling parties are going to be. They're all going to be really do. I'll make Chalabi and all his other family of gangsters. That's what we're going to be putting in there. But anyway, just drop it and don't let a body. Hey, as your company suffering from regulations that increase labor cost let Oasis outsourcing help you when it comes to the people side of your business. Pay rule administration. Fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services. Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable. Call Oasis outsourcing today for a fee evaluation of one eight six six and Oasis. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven. But more than sixty thousand employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands the many facets of human resource management. Outstressing's been recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice which allows you to focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to Oasis outsourcing. Let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable if you like a free evaluation with no obligation just make that tool free call. One eight six six and Oasis. That's one eight six six two eight six twenty seven forty seven for Oasis outsourcing. I'm a little bit more. This is what you're going to do. She way. This Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rock. You're expected to carry it. How about, the Patrick Wilson World Cup? She got it. Soquisite. Soquisite. Here you are. Welcome to the Mason Blue. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. It's a very big bag. Prof. 45, what's not to like? How come I stopped playing that? I don't know. I give up. It's got a nice good bleep in it. This makes sure. Anyway, let's see. Do you have a theory of questions? How many jobs did you need to get? We know about Bubba. That's another thing. You look back on that sad tragic era. The Kenny Star era. Of course, now we got the Kenny Lea era. That's another story. The Kenny Star era. When a country got dragged through all of this crap overlies about somebody's sex life. That's nothing to do with anything. We had impeachment prisons. We wasted millions and millions of your tax dollars. Overbabs. Which we can't even say the word anymore. That's how much things have changed in just three years. All the words that we can't say. All the bits we can play. All the things we can't do. The Patriot Act. My ass. Just an excuse to bring in the fascism that they were looking to do in the first place. So they can put you under their thumb. Just like Mick Jagger would say under my thumb. It's the National Anthem. We should have under my thumb as well. That's the first bangle banner. That's the fact that I got that here somewhere. We'll pay you back around to hold show every day under my thumb. We'd like a little Nazi of boots marching in the back. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The worst TV show of all time is So far we got the Rick Sanchez show 11. The kid touch your Rick. They liked it with their fist. And in the cool show 79. Oh, that's where we can't play that bit. Dr. Phil 65, Survivor 45, Magic Johnson's chat show 43. It chat. Rosie O'Donnell show 31. 725, he ha 19, Roseanne 12. Little house on the prairie. Ramswood, Mary. 10, touched reduced by an angel. I'm still waiting by the way for the updated memo from Naples for Myers. Did we get one? No. There we be on top of it. I'm a cinema in 10. Oh, do it very well. Our senior hall nine will love boat eight. American Idol six, the Gong show six. Superpena will get it. There was a show that was camp. It was supposed to be bad. They just intentionally camp. More can many five. Three, company five. Doots of hazard five. Friends full Alice four. What are friends full? Fear factor. Petyco junction three. The 18 is got three. A. After Mag Street, Full House three. Green acres three. Lost in space two. That was fun. Yeah. Simple minded people around the horn two. Welcome back. Cater to the Walton's got a pair. Cool pizza to one for the violent equipment. I think of the violent equipment. I think of Lorraine Hobbes and network. Davies. He's got the violent woman. CBS got the six million dollar man. I got Howard deal. Remember that? Yes. She was great. She was a badass comic. You're. Can't say that no more either. No. Who don't even think about it. Anyway, what a great movie. And now more and more you see how even more that's coming to the pass. The deal with the Saudis. Right? I don't remember him. Robert Duval sitting there. I'm a man without a kingdom. I'm a blah blah blah. All the other crap. They're up to their armpits. Up to their. They're knee deep and telegrams. Whatever it was. We want the Saudi deal stop now. That was 1972. I do believe. Over 30 years ago. But at any rate. We got important things to worry about. Like friends. W. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes. I'd like to speak to Neil. Speaking. Yes. Sorry. We want to. Go ahead. Mama's family. Mama's family. Yes. Thank you, Lawrence. As you'll lady. Oh, God. Horrible show. Good choice. Thanks, Pally. Have a great day. Got it. We got it. Mama call you owning. 560, 5060. I have all these other random thoughts. I know what this is all about. Maybe the end is near. Oh my God. The end of the show. No, the end of the show. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. The participant in the fall for Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking to him. Oh, you don't. The 10, 10, 10 is a talk show. That lasted about how many minutes. I've heard him, man. I have a short of live shows in history. Yep. Good choice. Thanks, man. Everybody. See you. Chevy Chase. The Chevy Chase show. They chased that sucker right off the air. That was bad. Really bad. Fackelees are senior still down here for a few weeks. I don't want to say. I don't want to say. I don't want to wear that out. Who don't want to wear that out? W.Q.A.M. Hello. Sir. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, what are the worst programs ever ever conceived the Breed bunch for ready hour? Oh, yeah. Is it for ready bunch itself wasn't bad enough for the Breed bunch or right? Could they say no? No, no. There were horrible. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. They're pretty much ready hour. We're a family. But that's not bad. How about the Robert Reed? He's still there. I think you're part. No, the Brady bunch for ready hour is having a flashback. Yeah. Then they make a movie? I believe they made a movie. You're talking like the actual Brady kids. I don't know. I mean, they made this to Spoon. Well, then they had to spin off. Not to the right air. But they had to spin off the Brady. Oh, there's been like a hundred and thirty movies like the Brady Brides and a. Right. That's it. Oh, man. Wow. Wow. WQM. Hello. Tico in the man. Tico in the man. Tico and a man. Poor Freddy Prince. He's still there. By the way, there's a lot to say for it. Tico and a man. That was pretty Prince, right? See. And the red fox? Nope. Sanford and son. Right. Now, who was in there? Well, don't tell me. That wasn't pretty Prince. That was, uh, was it? What in Sanford and son? Yeah. No, that was red fox. Like you just said. That was in red fox with them. Who else was in Sanford and son with a red fox? And Mont Wilson. Yeah, my there you go. Daman Wilson. He also used to be on Hollywood squares. Yeah. A lot. People are couldn't get too much work to do anything else. They were like in Hollywood squares in the match game. Like Brett Summers. And Amy, a great movie that Brett Summers was in all though. Didn't I tell you a couple of years ago that actually saw her in a movie. Some, I never even knew she was really an actress. Yeah. Some old old ancient, uh, Liz Taylor movie with Brett Summers. Man, what a bitch. And wonder Jack Clugman can't speak anymore. Can you imagine all the screaming you did at her? Don't worry. I put them to QA. Well, not there online eight QA. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, yeah. We're going to talk about the TV show small wonder. Small wonder? Yes. Okay. It's a small. It's, uh, no wonder that it's not on any more. What was that? It was about a, uh, little girl Android. Uh, how cute. Yeah. Not. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. The worst TV show in history of all time. Not just the last couple of weeks. Although Rick Sands here show, which hasn't been on long as just, I think he's got a safely now. And it'll cool us start to creep up on his ass, but then she backed off. Especially when he starts squatting over that map. W to QA and hello. Hey, Neo. How are you today? Pretty good. Sir. How are you doing? How about the worst show ever? Name that flu. Name that tune with the Tom Kennedy. I mean, I can name it song and free notes. That's what I can name it. I can name it in two notes. I can name it one. I can name that one. That was a bad show. Tom Kennedy. In fact, you know something. There ought to be more queshoes on list because there've been a lot of bad queshoes. Man, there've been some bad ones. In fact, I'm going to tell you one of them. I don't even know the name of it. I'm going to tell you one of them. I do know the name of it. Oh. What's the one, uh, with Mrs. Robinson and Robinson? What is that show? The, uh, the something the, uh, Oh, come on. The wick is like, but much worse than that. But that kind of be on there. Put that on there. Please judge the wick is like, that could be the wick is show man. It is so just not noxious. I would love to have seen one of those contests and get up and just smash her in a mouth. Anyway, go ahead. It's no, uh, who wants to be a millionaire. Yes. Much worse. Yes. Millionaire. Name of the show is millionaire. Well, actually, no, actually, was originally who wants to be a millionaire. Right. Yeah, but don't you remember how hot that was. And if it's really how one day a wick, let's put it on three days week. Let's put it on eight days week. Slowest moving game show ever. Yeah, what that dramatic music and every, you're just talking through a sea of okay. Is that your final answer? Final answer. Is that it? And ask them 10 more times. Yeah, and you want to use your lifeline? You want to do it? I got to play that thing. Yeah, I'll play it. The musician, the puppy. I'm sorry to man. I'll play that in the bin. We still can play that. I think. Okay. Well, we'll find out. W w q a m hello. Meal. Yes sir. Meal. Anybody who doesn't know Rick Sanchez. That's unbelievable. But can you borrow the cardboard audience from your body? Which one is that? Joy Reynolds. Yeah, that show was a. Remember you got the joy Reynolds show with a cardboard audience. That was, if you could borrow that audience, he would take the trophy. Because that could easily think it'll be. Then the one. We'll pass it along. Good idea. Thanks, John. Send it over to Channel 6. First sentence has needs joy Reynolds cardboard audience. Remember that? I remember. Yeah. You know, show on Channel 10 and they actually had cut out cardboard. People. To pretend that they had an audience. You know, and they'd put a graph from from along. Long ways away. But on those people, they just eat joy Reynolds. Wow. There was now there was a broadcast. A man. Joy Reynolds. He was. I have my nose up. Neals. I ask get it out of their man. Wow. It is just I wonder what that pain's been all these years. He was. If, if I think of the term radio loser. I'm not sure who comes to mind first. Tommy Cramer or Joy Reynolds. You know, that's the same Tommy Cramer who did not do drugs back when was fashionable in the 60s and 70s. Of course he. He just lost bad natural. He didn't have to do drugs. What a loser. Tommy Cramer. Of course good buddy. I would buddy about. Packs him. Now didn't pass himself. Packs that. I don't know. I do believe. Because if you like douche by an angel man, you'll see. You'll see all of those shows over and over. And over and what was this thing with somebody on 7th heaven was. I'm going to do that story. It was on our website yesterday. I think somebody from the show was busted for beating somebody. I was some crap like that. Do you why all of these things are hate hurting. It's just a TV show. Okay. It's just a big deal. Let me look at something. Well, no. I just did the same thing that I always do. And I tore up my log. Okay. Which is not a good idea. Oh. That's probably not a good idea at all because I got a spot to do here. It's kill at them. Music man. Kill the music man. 1256 at 560 WQM. Spring of the savings right now and saved life. Never before on a great new car or truck from armstrong Toyota of homestead. They're on US one. Fundamentate South of the 86 and it's easy to get there worth the drive too. Because they're going to save you so much cash. Thousands on great new Toyota's. Check out the great leestials waiting for it right now. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. It's a very long time. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. Alright. Pickery, decorate, blank. Is it a doc, the peer, see, marina, or d inlet? Oh, man. Is it $100 question right here? You're kidding me, right? Is it $100? For $100. This ain't the million dollar question. This is the first one. Only $400. It's just a brand. It's just a black thing. Would you like to use a life line? Yeah, alright. What do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Asthy audience, the 5050 and the phone of friend. Asthy audience. Now, how many white people in here? The 5050 ain't gonna help me. Oh, you know I'm gonna phone a friend. Gotta phone a friend on the $100 question. Finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. Alright, who are we gonna call puppy? Oh, my butt all dirty bastard. All dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty with calm. All friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line. And hopefully he can help you. Oh, dirty. Yeah, man. Readjust Filbin from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I got your friend here, puffed daddy. Go dirty, was that? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? All right, all right. Oh, what the? Oh, dirty. Uh, puffed daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first, man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? I, man. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. Why is that? Yo, dirty. Finish this off for me. All right, man. Pickery, dickery blank. Is it a doc? B, p, r. C, marino, or D, in the. Oh, come on, man. I don't got much time. Man, I know this, man. I know it. I see it. P, you sure? I've got 30, man. There's a lot of money, man. I've got 30. All right, man. 30, man. All right, man. Time's off for old dirty. Said p, yeah. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question. You know what we just want to call the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline. I actually know there's only three lifelines you've used. One, you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, you used the 50-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's Doc, it's A. It's Doc. My final answer is Doc. It's Doc. And it's a good one. You got all of it on. Run, you run, you run. Run, you run. You're not going to hit. But, Bird, man. 103 and 5, 60 WQ. Anyway, this article, I just emailed the director to put on a website either today or tomorrow. When you get around to what Eric from Newsweek Magazine, the human cost of the war in Iraq, they were set to fight for the country, but some GIs didn't have all they needed to protect themselves. Anyway, this is a cool. There's a poll that they're taken. And you know these polls. And there's not a choice on here. I don't like this poll either, by the way. Should the military, all the rich policy and allow photos to be taken to fallen soldiers returning home nearly 52,000 responses, 65% say yes, 31% say no and only 4% I don't know. 65% say yes, 2-3rds. But, oh, we don't want people seeing them. Great coffins, man, because it's bad, bad for morale. Most like our people are really actually dying over there besides just bad tillmen. Whose body was returned to the US? It's come back. I just thought you'd want to hear that. Okay. Can't say there's any more bad tellmen you haven't heard yet. Did we hear anything more about the, let's see, there was seven. I can't even keep track of the double digits over the weekend between Saturday, Sunday and today. Did we hear any more about any of them? No, no. Any names? Any addresses? No. Ages? Oh, shoe size? No. What they were doing? I think you were in, hello. Any other? Yes, sir. Okay. Okay. Color and a barrel. Like I said, a collar and a barrel somewhere. That was good. Was that Joe putting on a voice? Yeah, that was him. I'm looking on that schedule. I don't see no Joe, but I do see the crow. Holy moly. Mad Doggot, too. The Humper had four from Shula State, too. And I mean, we still haven't heard any word about those Goldberg sucks, but the placards of the game that could not have been our Humper could have had no chance. And tonight at 7 o'clock, the crow is on because we got late games. They're playing on the West Coast. They're starting to West Coast to trip Colorado San Francisco, all of these things. So the Marlins at Colorado, the Crow 7 away 30, pregame show 8 39, 05, 9 out of 5 to game. Marlins at the Rockies and Eddie Kigets and I know if I guess. Look at that. Oh, all week long. It must be on vacation. Do you see that? Oh, no. No, like I said, all of these two nights long. So he's got a couple of days off. He will plunge his guts out. WCWM, hello. Yes, you. You're welcome. Different strokes, terrible. Yes, sir. Good choice. Thank you. Let's see, family affair. Somebody's got here, Dennis, in the pit of hell, in Tampa says, family affair, awful. Two little kids named Buffy and Jody. We raised by their dad and a butler. It was the butter, right? It's your Sebastian Kedit. Ah, Sebastian Kedit, he's still dead. Yes. That made it come back yet. Well, I'd tell you one thing is if CNN will give us as much information how much really happening in the world is there about the Kobe Bryant case and about Pat Hillman died Friday. We sure as hell, no, I'll be American public might know something. On and on. Who gives a flying? How much Kobe Bryant? Okay. How many women you think are raped in America every year? How many thousand? About 30 men. When you say? Yeah. That was true, exactly. What? I was over by the fact that she had something. I'm a serious but this Kobe Bryant thing. It's a rape case, just like alienity. It's a child custody case. But like I told you back during the alien era, the media will tell you what's important and what you ought to care about. Just like Scott and Lacey Peterson, do I care about that? Oh, I refuse to care about it. No, you will. I don't. And I won't. Is they have they? That's why I stay out of the country a lot. Because I will not care about Scott or Lacey Peterson or the dead baby or any of these things. I won't care. Tell me to QA in hello. Not there. Line one man. It's got a real una porblema Grande. Tell me to QA in hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Connected into your sir. How about the show, Alice? Alice made it. In fact, Alice let me take a look. I can tell you how Alice is doing. Alice's illinism, that's a matter of fact. Alice has got four votes. Not to until baby go vote for it. Thank you. Alice said to Palace. As long as I live, I'll never forget this. You WNWS kind of, this mile of the amusing story. It's one of those. He had to be there to really appreciate the deals. Because what's I star call Allied. Al'xit marks and then finally, she was dragged out of the closet I'm a light bulb euro is a layer start to the lateaved. But, anyway, always called her Alice. Anything with you, instead of that? Wow. One day, we get a sponsor. That both, a restaurant and for a lot of them. Maybe somebody will remember it didn't stick around to the palace. It was on the sunrise I believe on four l. Here you are. Anyway, how we went Nathan one day and I thought I'd go on an ear the next night told us to do about how I would Alice at the palace Yeah, that's him of the story. Oh, I'm sorry. I was not like a big son of ants And I'm sure he went into happy butter, but it just fit in so well. It was so it's a pretty fit if I can say that so didn't he jump back in? When I don't know I thought I heard you tell us rent. Hell is back in the closet. Oh, why he's in and out in and out. Oh, we can't say that Line 9 WQA and hello. Yes, sir. Buenos de Y. Um, a really bad show on the side find that work Red legs Red Well, we accept Well, I'll piece a crap as in Lex Luthor or some other Lex some other Lex And you're a Lex that's the title Why probably do you might be identified by a last name. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I might be anonymous Lex got it. Okay. Do you have you seen it? Yeah, good idea bad show. I see They come like I'm not suggesting this for the poll because if I say a Joshua put it down in our smallville, you know Good concept, but it's just the descriptive gotten weaker and we could haven't seen it a long long time smallville But don't put that on there because it's your ain't the worst TV and had as moments, you know It was okay WQA, I'm hello Big they're good times. Yeah, like we had the got that she still did like I said and JJ Walker when that's the show. He was on Yes, and he was also on Hollywood squares. Yes, you're all time favorite celebrity from Hollywood squares is We never did that poll. No, we haven't how many people in this audience you think watch Hollywood Square Only when this will avoid it the only Hollywood squares. They know is like this new one with wippy goldberg on there and man on man She sends me right to the bull. That's a Martin Mull in the center of these days. It is yeah They don't come no dollar than Martin Muller got that right because that Robert Muller the head of the FBI Love is the Paul in Who was the guy from the wild wild west with the funny here? Which which cares about Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin Martin? I don't know You don't know Marty Allen. I don't know Marty Allen. Oh my you don't know Marty Allen. Oh my god I can't believe this. I think I just hit the mother load here. I've seen every episode of wild wild west Maybe he wasn't in that show he was on some show Charlie weaver. Oh, yeah, he was on their lives. See one thing about almost all the great people Vincent Price he's dead Yeah, sure way lad followers of that them They're not dead yet maybe madam is Erica strata was on your fellow. I think that's on the newer one at the that queen and they always have to put some I Bruce Valanche and I always use the center square since today's of Paul in it's kind of obligatory now the middle squares got to be some flaming queen Okay So I think next time is the strata son at show stick riddle middle where she belongs. Please Cracker please Tony field Tony field she's dead Had her low stop though diabetic baby so he was probably he was probably that the extremes of the famous restaurant with the big pot of daddy Dig whatever's named big daddy nap in his way Is he on his young a phone brave? Yeah, no, we got our chat box. Oh you got your check box Come on, let's keep him going man Hollywood squares He's slow What that was the epitomarcial right Right who's real name I was I don't know come on, but his real name was Pete Lacac I have no idea see Brian's a slow type of son play first base. I think for the Yankees if I do we call some as a major league baseball player All you know I didn't know that while he caught Come on bro, that was bad timing by the way after I just told you that I was gonna type Wally Cox he's still dead he and Marlon Brando had a little thing people see the cock I just got you saying it he was the Okay What was her name from the God Anne Marie rosemary oh Roosevelt Hurhe I rose Marie lived on that for a while bulDerke And what about the road what about the warmecha? The charming not the Sherman the uheti got Tellle theadamente Just die the body lady She was on there. And he was talking. He was to do this. Huh? Mad, just no, no, Mad, was you're soaking in it. You better get our commercials right, man. You sure are screwed up, and don't know who Marty Allen is. Who? What's his name, Rossi? What's his name, Martin? I don't know who Ross Martin. Ross Martin. That's what I just got to say. Well, what's wrong with us? Right. Nobody, he's a different guy. Marty Allen's a guy with a frizzy here. Look like, uh, never know. The issue did. If you saw him, you'd know him, okay? The vocal brine will explain to you while I'll do the spot. 113 at 560 WQM Delights a Westboke is dedicated to providing you the best products for the weight loss phase of your low carb diet. London, London, London, London, Lee. If you're on the ad, can sugar buster, I have no idea who that is. What is that? He's naming all people on the squares. I never heard of that. Neither. If you're on the ad, can sugar buster, soft beach, or any low carb sugar free diet, and the jaw, John Davidson. Not the hockey guy, but the singer, and I used that term loosely. Head forward, do you like the Westboke of the number one low carb store in America? Many of the new Reduced Car products and store shelves right now are geared toward cutting back on carbs, but who wants that? They're not geared to weight loss, but do you like the Westboke's expertise as always been on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting? Do you like to raise over a thousand products and just about all of them have a focus toward the lowest possible carbs that are committed to waste of successful low carb weight loss plan? Milk cream? Milk cream? Who? Milk Cayman, remember him? Uh, Jewish boy? I think he's dead. Their spring sale is in full swing so stop by. They got a staff that reading those their crap inside and out. They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10. The lights of Westboke are there on the northeast corner of glaze in 441. Right next to Boston Market, you can call him at 1-877-LOW-CARB-LOW-W-CARB. Run away of your final in low carb.com. Don't forget for all you dieters out there, you desperate losers only one to lights of Westboke and it's your official Actons retail sales line. And more, this is for Real 560. You ain't a new man. I urge everyone to complain to this station. Ah! No, I'm a writer. Give me the number for 911. This woman has to be got for last little. I'll still get a point. I said pick building patients, but it's not important right now. Do my head size, it's the latest in front of you. I was incredible, you found a blue out of beige in the left. All in Dr. Howard, Dr. Buying, Dr. Howard. If I infect you, you don't have a mix once you've left it. If I had risked to write me the face, you asked with sorrow. If I ain't that hard, you're medically a monster. No one it is, and some people like Ted, it's not in the relationship. I hope it doesn't let them lie in that end. He's a sick man. This is where the people come. Hey! Yeah, wait! Where did that be! It tolerated! It need to spill. Two million stars! Two hundred people got guests in front! Here they are. Thanks for ahora he's gone now. I got a ramen. Two millionaires arrived. Yes, sir. I'll let you guys come back and China by the way. I think they got four cases and the somebody died over there already. They probably back on the Civic Head died again. They would just stop that. Stop eating all in critters, right? Varvets. One nineteen of QAM. Here's the facts from Allen says if you're not using survivors of Keshaw for all bad reality shows which were not. I'd like to know I'm an big brother for your pool. It originated in Europe. I Holland. I think he says that's right. And so the highlight there was always to see people having sex. So it was very popular in Holland, Germany, England, etc. But of course the FCC mixes that over here and you're left all your left with his aboring show people to sitting around being boring without anything actual boring going on. Survivors property here because you can show people being the seatful and manipulative in the name of pure greed is the American effing way. Survivor was a bust in Europe because you can't sell a show just because it has nudity and it's no big deal. So how about big brother, good story, big brother? Did you find out who Marty Allen was? No. He's got the, he looks like, um, hell. Okay. Every driver. Yeah, I kind of liked that. Yeah. Without the mustache. We're very good as well. How do you know what he looks like then if you don't know who he is? I was just imagining a elf, fuzzy headed guy. He looks like Jackie Mason with the frizzy here. Anyway, stuces. I found this on the internet. It might be helpful when describing how Bush got the troops into Iraq. It's Schwarzenegger saying, you cooked up the story and dope this into a meat grinder. Drop this. Well, it's a skull with one p, drop this and drop this into a meat grinder. Thank you, stu, but keep your spelling right next time. Turn that with light. Turn it around time how to would squares all the time, right? Jackie Leonard. Jackie Leonard, big fat Jackie Leonard. He's dead. He was fat. How he's dead. Oh, Rickles. Pretty, and I'll take another one before Bruce Veeleunch replaced the Paul Indenant square. Jim J. Bullock. Oh yeah. That's right. The center square. Jim is Bullock. Who is on one of the horrible shows that was nominated on our pulled today? George Gobble. George Gobble is correct. I just worked that down as a matter. Rich little. Rich little, right? McLean Stevenson. Right. Joey Bishop. Right. Pat Boone. Pat Boone in the box. He was in the Boone in the square. Carol Channing. Carol Channing was on there with a lot. Fight Reynolds. Fill us diller. David Rutter. Right. Oh. George Creek. He makes me anti-Somantic. Parker one of our regular facts who says, those pickers from trailer parks, phony stage fights, sloppy fat, trans flashing their breasts, skinny, toothless, and men's. Oh, maybe. Producing without a thought. Reproducing. Does it get any worse than the Jerry Springer show? Oh, right. There you go. How do we leave him off of it, huh? Carvinesville, but you need me. Very, very popular, but also could be the worst TV show in history. Although I'll tell you one on nominated. Montel Williams. Okay. I just, I'm just tired of him. But what's he got? He's got some kind of a thing. You know, he's got some kind of an illness and horrible thing. I don't know. Let me go. We're supposed to watch it. So we feel sorry for him in his bald head. I'll tell you who else, Rity, and I'm not that this has anything to do with our topic. Dick Clark was on with our good friend, the King Meister. Uh-huh. And they were replayed it over the weekend. And the reason he was on there was to talk about the fact that he's got type 2 diabetes and don't we feel sorry for him? Well, I mean, he was practically in tears. I mean, isn't it pretty unusual when somebody has type 2 diabetes? I mean, how many million people have it? But good man. Yeah, including me. Right. I don't understand the point all of that. Like, oh, gee, I got type 2 diabetic. Yeah. So take your insulin or your pills or whatever you do. And just quit eating all the crap and dump him up and quit eating it. That awful place that you open where you're having all of my legal aliens. Those are work for, uh, make work thing from a bullying for colobine. We hate Dick Clark, man. I'll tell you that right now. Use the lycum. Now we hate him. He's a real class hole. Do you know what? I say regretfully. I have to agree with that. And in fact, I'll give you another one. I can't think of the name of it. What was the show with the woolly ends and Scott Bale? Charles Charles Charles Charles Charles in charge. Man, that was a bad bad show. That was just a bad show. That was a real bad show. Charles in charge. Chadro. Chadro? She was on a holiday all the time. Chadro? John Davison. Buddy heck it. Robert Blake. Yeah, quote by your head. WQA and hello. I got a good one for you. Okay. Hello Larry. Hello Larry. That was out about two minutes, right? Uh, you a Toronto Neil? Yes, sir. Will you be able to get on the ferry and go over to Rochester? I hope not. Why not? They got enough ferries and Rochester. 560560, who do I want to go to Rochester? What is this man talking about? In fact, when they started that thing, they kept saying, about what a lot of Rochesterians have come over and visit Toronto, you know, but who the hell from Toronto wants to go to Rochester? Not this kid. That's just they closed down, Donna Bob's baby. How's their friends at Vick and Irves doing, by the way? Are they still around? I don't know. You know me. I get even when I'm there. I get no input from that sales department. It's like, oh, we can't be bothered. I know what's going on. All they wanted is just grind the money to the QM. They easily money machine. And too bad they don't have for the 50 bucks to send you those toothbrushes. You know what I would like to do? I would like to, when I get the toothbrushes, I think I'm going to put something special on them and send them right to the Viseley headquarters. And I'll pay the freight. I like that. I don't want to tell you what I'm going to put on them. Okay, but it's. As soon as they open the package, they'll have an idea what it is. WDQAM, hello. Hello. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Just mod. Mod was horrendous. She made me puke. I think I got it divorced because of that. Wouldn't blame you. Thanks a lot, clown. What about Golden Girls since we're mentioning B.R. Another walking at for anti-Semitism. If there was one, who was it? Hello Larry. What was his Larry. All right. You don't know that one? I think there's somebody different. That other Jewish community in the one that makes me sick of the son of each B.O. Oh, you're thinking of Gary Chandling. Gary Chandling. Oh, man. Ooh. I get the hippie jeepies. What I see Gary Chandling, you know, that's where that term came from. Like Jerry Seinfeld. See Jerry Seinfeld, get the hippie jeepies. Oh, man. It's a little too Jewish for me, you know. Even an old Jew like me. Okay. Well, it's like when I'm in South Florida and I drive through some rice lakes. Oh, I get the hippie jeepies. A little too Jewish for Neil. 26 after one at 560 WDQM if you're playing. I'm replacing your carpets because they look a little on the rough side. Don't spend all that money. Because all you have to do is call our good friends to drive concepts to the best in the universe and bring back carpet to life. They've been doing it for me in several homes by the way for over 20 years now. Over 20 years. And every time I use them, I'm still amazed because when they leave, you look around on a flooring and think you just had brand new carpeting leave. Even the nastiest, most used up carpeting works just like brand new when they get done with their exclusive pendant, dry cleaning method. They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft at the toughs they smell of any fresh. They're drying a couple of hours. What is not to like? And they give you a guaranteed written price uppricy before they start to work like the other carpet cleaning companies. They always seem to rip you off. Give you all these tack ons at odds at the end of the job. Now with dry concepts. So whether it's your draper, your furniture, your area, your rug, your expensive or handle rug, your carpeting, these are the folks you want to trust. And when you call, not only do you get the guaranteed low price, but if you want, come to put you on their stand by list. You can save an extra 15% of the next carpet cleaning too. So call dry concepts just one time and my job will be done because you'll never use anybody else again. Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071. Or check them on the wicked web at dryconcepts.com. I love the white ant. The bitch I haven't been the same since the book of Guy and Died. I had done with some party quite great through. But think I didn't go much of dancing. Of course it's not easy flying back there from my jell 7. Thank God. I'm here. It's all over for you, push, left stuck on earth. You're president, no, well, well if you're lucky, that crackhead is the last bush to rig an election. Who's on this line? WGM. Mr Rogers. Speaking. I was in the public chocolate today. Sir, and let me tell you the clip about coupons and Thursdays paper on the shaving. I discovered to myself. No, this is yours. I don't know. No, no. It's not too for 99 cents on the contrary. Got him off. It was too breakstone for 99 cents. No, I don't know about you. That's right. I tried to pedal me two breaksstones, but a price at all breaksstone's kind of cheese. When they're copin' clearly stated, they're... Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails. Now who's this line? Sheepin' in nine. Clean on penal colony, hello? I forgot into that. Great time. So, okay, now I got a real negotiate my contract. How about a one minute show, huh? You can fill the other three minutes. I try and borrow, can't you? I need to. George? Bye bye, George. 132 at 560 WQAM. Rick Sances show you can't touch him, and 1206 to worst TV show in history. And in a cool show, 87, Dr. Phil 75, Magic Johnson, Tentshow 55, Survivor 51, 700 clubs 40, Rosio Donald 38, that's great. He hauled 22. I am a sin. The morning is so boring 15. Rosanne 13. Look at that. I'm a sin coming out on top of Rosanne. Touch by an angel 12, our sin, he'll haul 11. Little house out of Purry 10. The love, vote nine, fear factor nine. And the American Idol 8, Gong Show, it's a single digit from there. Marty Allen. How did I get into this? He was on Hollywood Squares. Here's his filmography. Then they can face 84. He's still live, by the way, 82. I can't believe you never even know who Marty Allen is. He's got the real freaking here. I'm sure I know. Can it ball run too? Whale of a tail. Allen raw in the group. The Paris partner was Rossi. See, I kept saying that. I remember what his name was. Allen Rossi. He was a little whole bunch of stuff. All crap. The ballad of Billy Blue. Harrod Summer. First TV appearance, wait to hear this. 1948 toast to the town with the Ed Sullivan Show. Allen Rossi. And of course, 1966 Hollywood Squares, Pothia. This is your life, 1971. Love American style, the Big Valley D Martin Show. Plots my line. I've got a secret. See what I mean? But those are the dark curly hair with their cut-of-receding hairline. Yeah, oh that guy. Marty Allen. See, I know what he's doing. See, I know it come back. Love American style is he all over that. Yes, okay. I know that. And like I told you, all of these people who couldn't yet hear it, love American style playing Fontaine. Not Johnny Fontaine, just Fontaine. At any rate, the people I couldn't get work a much anything else. They would appear on these quiz shows. I've got a secret. Plots my line. Match game. All of these things. Here's the fact, as is Hiopalli. With all the glowing triplets to Pat Tillman, they seem to reflect out in a spare time cancer, performed up in hearts, her dream, and help little ladies cross the bullet-mavage street. The press needs to calm down about this. All the men and women deserve this kind of time. And you're absolutely correct. It was nauseating to me. I mean, just all weekend long. Every time you flip on CNN within two three minutes, here be another piece on Pat Tillman. He did this. But fine, okay. He never stole a freight train. And he was courageous in this. And in fact, they had a thing on this morning. Somebody emailed to the morning show on CNN. That after watching all this feeding frenzy, or we can learn how to understand them. But he made his decision to go join the military and leave the NFL. That's why he refused to talk to the media. Because basically, you're a bunch of grave robbers is what you are. You're a bunch of crazy people you people in the media. You're a bunch of lunatics. The media is sick and they've got badmys. WQAM, hello. Hi, Leo. I can't believe you. You forgot our favorite talk show host. Yes? Joey Reynolds. Now we mentioned him. We mentioned he's somebody mentioned his cardboard audience. Is he on the pole? No, that's not on the pole because it was like a local show. We're talking about shows that somebody actually saw. We'll show it like the interest. Yeah, but he transcends that because at least he was on MSNBC. Somebody knows who he is. Personally, how many people watch MSNBC? About 30 minutes. I wasn't one of them. If it makes you feel better, we'll put Joey on there. Before Rick there was Joey. Okay. Okay, thanks. Are we lucky? Joey Reynolds, show you got it. We got it. Nice job. 560, 560. We got the mad dog Jim Mandis, the world famous number 88. We're coming up from Solano, Ohio. Oh, right. I'll do this afternoon. Hank Goldberg, the Humperer, the thumper, the Hebrew hammer is four. He's a tool of stake to him. I mean, he's probably mind your mind's your right now. You think he's eating? I'm sure. Warren Cromarty, the Crow at seven. He's a little bit more likely because we're back in a baseball season. Jim Sarny, he likes the Crow. Okay. He loves the Crow. We're going to start programming. We program part of our day for Barry Jackass. Why not for Jim Sarny? I'm a rip. Man, man, man, man. There you go. That's what you'll hear between seven and eight. 30 Marlon game. May 30 to pre game 905 Marlon's at Colorado. The Marlon's had a tough weekend against the brave. And the kind of bizarre how they used to own the brave. They just, almost every game against the Nazi opposite. They beat the crap out of everybody else, especially the Philly. But the brave, they can't win a fiscan. They won one or the three. Not too good. WQAM, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yes, it was Steve Rossi from San Marlon. Steve Rossi and Marty Allen. Right. I also, the bounty lady was Rosemary Clooney. No. No. Now she did some spots, I think. But no, she was not the real bounty lady. Okay. Who did the thing? That quick a picker up her. No. And in fact, now that you're saying her name was Rosy. Not Rosy. Rosy. Rosy. Not Rosy. Not Rosy. Okay thanks. But what you're had. Rosy, the quicker picker. But you don't remember her. She was just a nauseous. She had right here. Didn't face. I remember. It's a quicker picker up her. She was on the show Hollywood Squares. Like I said, people I had a tough time getting work doing anything else. They run Hollywood Squares. After Jack Parra went off the air, then he had Charlie. We were, we were, was our Cliff Arcette was on the. And, like, what's your name? Arcette. What's your name? Is it? Rosy and Arcette. She's been on her lap. In fact, maybe she's sitting in Daddy's seat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That was kind of like the low key humor scene. George Goeville, Charlie, we were bottom left. Right? No, left. I never watched a complete Hollywood Squares. Get out of here. WM Hello intro. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey, what about Mike Doug was? The Mike Doug was sure, but was he an interviewer or what? Yeah. Yeah, my grandma liked him. There you go. And what do I ask you? I like to send in the on-fanners as Pat Tom and Spaccau. Oh, that's bad. That was bad. With that better one. That was bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'm telling you that the on-fanners he also gives me the TVGVC and even Jewish. Nancy Walker. Nancy Walker. She was the quicker-precher-precher. She played Rosie. The quicker-precher-precher-precher-precher-precher. Very good. Thank you, Brian. Nice Brian. Nancy Walker. She's dead. Isn't she? Yes. She's dead. She's dead. She's dead. Oh, yeah. Clara Peller. Right. Where's the beef? Probably in Dave Thomas's heart. Probably stuck in there. Just like the guy from McDonald's, the CEO. Oh, died last week. But what about break, huh? That'll teach you all the big max man. There are a clogging your heart. Quitting all that crap, okay? Throw away the bun. At least if you want to eat that garbage. Do yourself a favor. Do a little acquinstell throw away the bun. And a soft beach dicha. What's this guy's name? Agro. I'm revading Mel. I'm revading Mel. I was name is he really just pisses me off. I mean such a flavor and rip off of Ankehens. Let me just outrageous. And you're looking to book and I know I've been through all this before, but I just want to vent for five seconds. Hands up. All these, all these photos and articles of his favorite restaurants where you know he's eating for free on South Beach. I mean, what what is that? If you ride a book in Piori, are you going to be eating in South Beach? Oh, I don't think so. Who gives a crap about his famous eateries in South Beach. Mr. Shmoos and Luz, you know, the soft beach diet my ass. Speaking of your ass, let me tell you about something mighty important and that is Hollywood Diagnostic Center. If you're concerned, maybe you have like bad jeans, you know? Maybe you got a history of heart disease in your family. Maybe you're a lung disease. Maybe you're a heavy smoker. And you wear them. Maybe your lungs are like a bad shape. Maybe just you reach that age like me. Where you're worried about all these things. What's going on inside your body? Because the key to beating disease is detecting it early. That's the key to treatment that really is effective. Hollywood Diagnostic Center and I had to test myself a couple weeks ago. Proud to announce their virtual colonoscopy, coronary heartscoring and full body screening exams that can detect cancer of the life threatening diseases in their early stages while still worthwhile finding. And then, of course, if they won't find anything, you walk out of there with tremendous peace of mind. I walked out there and thought to myself, holy crap, I'm alive over here. A doctor's referral doesn't even need it. For all your imaging exams call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4. 966-3600 for a test like I said that can give you and your family and your loved ones real peace of mind. And Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they operated the imaging equipment with open MRI, high-speed CAT scan, nuclear medicine and much, much more. So take some time. It just takes you a few minutes to totally paneless, non-invasive and we want the most important things you can do for yourself and your health. Hollywood Diagnostic Center, they've been serving soft Florida for over 20 years. Their facility also provides a complete mobile diagnostic service so that like if George's mother broke her arm or leg or her neck, they could come right out to her and maybe find her while at the still time or not as a case maybe. Call Hollywood Diagnostic Center at 9.5.4. 966-3600 that's 9.5.4.966-3600 for your imaging exam, do it today. 566-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 132-40 votes ahead of the end of the cool Smithsville. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health.alt镜- represents regional cultural over 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 1466-3600 for your health. 1266-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 866-3700 if you want to. 1066-3600 for your health. 866-3600 for your health. 766-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 966-3600 for your health. 1066-3600 for your health. 666-3600. 666-3600 for your health. 766-3600 for your health. 866-3600 for your health. Yes. Mel's diner? Mel's diner? You know what's flow? Maybe it shows out. Oh Alice, yeah, it's already out there. Thanks. What was that guy, Mel? Who was that guy? Oh, that guy. He's another one, monkey's. That wound up in TV. He's not with a monkey's, like the thing we just did? I'll be doing it. Oh. WCWM, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I'm at the Ellen's, Ellen's Generate, Rick's Sances. Okay, that's enough. Ellen did generous, okay, Rick's Sances. They were seem together. No. Same person. Five, six, seven. You notice people say, how are you doing? And not that we need to start with that, because it gets really ponderous. I'm still doing fine now. Excellent. Just like the beginning of the show. But then they don't like this guy. This last Brit, a little bit of a twit. It wasn't listening. You know what I'm saying? Why ask the question if you don't really care, sir? You know, care how I'm doing. Don't ask. Do you want to say it? That's all how you doing. I'll check him, I'll see you in the after the break. The Middle Eastern world, will be exploded to dominate people, killed with the gas that we stole him. First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going, now more blood will be spilled. To get that oil flowing, forget about Korean. The North American Ocean and the right queen is drilling it over and over it to our head. That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. 3000 people killed. Our now-port gotten, let's exploit him instead. Hey, they're going to be cognizant. Going after sit down to play Kato's summer. There's no longer mention of the name in law, but no one seems concerned. I'll be in complaints, believe in every word of this cartel of administration. That controls us by fear through the enemy, manipulation and the right queen is drilling it over and over it to our head. That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now, not the ash crop this day and I have nothing to hide. Table partners all are saying that I know Bitty and Kato don't have any reservation. Out of provoke, Babylon, world annihilation, old machines must fall and have a virgin installed with no objection at all. Till the crackstone have the false and the right queen is drilling it over and over it to our brain washed it. Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. Only Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction. And don't you ever forget it man, support your country's important president. Okay, no, we like migration. Congolese allies to her teeth. Never less. That's a form, right? A little bit of leave at baby. Big lies coming through those. Perfect strangers says the worship, whoever sand is says, With Marklin, Baker and Bronson, Pinshot and Volky, it's his social level. That was an old nation, all the producers, all the actors, everybody involved. Oh my god, all gay. Oh my god. You said, we want to be one of our polls. We're going to take this series of polls. Which of these, the one for tomorrow, which of these people best fits the description of two Jewish? Okay, I got to start Gary Shan, and link friend, Richard, Jerry, Sonfield, but there's so many more. Right? I don't want to leave it now. How about you, Pern? Check you, Mason. Stop. Stop, we don't want to do until tomorrow. You got Jackie Mason on there too now. I real sure wrote. Yeah, shut up. We're going to start dumping you if you don't cut the crap. Anyway, Nancy Walker was at the bounty lady. That's what's in it. We got it. We got that. Okay, well, just stop. We got it right. Okay, we want to think about this. We ask a question. We get the answer. And then we get the answer. She had good intentions. She didn't realize. She didn't understand. She's a little bit behind. Got it? Plus, who knows? Maybe that's best. Can't even half an hour. Are you just squeezing it? And anyway, the worst TV show of all time, Rick Sanchez show 134. They hate to wreck. And Nicole Show 96, Dr. Phil 79, Magic Johnson, Chat Show 60, Survivor 54, the 700 Club 52, the Anxious Pad Robertson, and the amazingly fat and obnoxious Rosio Donald 42. So, we're going to have a new producer one. We're going to have a new producer one. Our director is going to be suspended for two or three years. And it'll be a hell of a show. The man dogs coming up next to Humphor, the Hebrew Hammer is full. Bye, bye, bye. The watchers show unpice the season in sway. Play any more learned. Oh, yeah, I like it pretty. Bear.