Oh oh oh oh No no Let's up you some more prisoners make them scream nice and loud Get me some words and a fat trip hack I don't care if they hate from my gratitude he used You'd do to the torture cause they're just playing their game In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who say You turned my name to a big ugly concrete building near you Stomach Noyer presents your true The great conxers with the let's get drunk and puke towards I drink alone Yeah, we know that you We till you see the clean up costs for this one Lost the wagging on the road All right, see my favour since a not the whole life Gotta get a drink man, I'm gonna get gas I'm gonna get high man, I ain't had enough Leave me a trip old shot of that stuff I'm gonna get drunk, all so there's some right here I wanna learn to burn the one who's got to learn to be I wanna burn the one who's got to learn to be I wanna burn the one who's got to learn to be I wanna be I wanna be Spudging my Johnny Walker Johnny Walker Black And Johnny's huge run to stand with no one Trust I check it's available now George, throw them away Doesn't get no time for you I'm lonely The air spins are about to begin George, throw them good Toss it up in your town soon Don't let me ask you let's do the lawn year programming Cause we got eleven minutes before the top of the hour We got two breaks and we're gonna do the first break or not Uh no You sure? Yeah I'm gonna do the last five Alright we can move it We can't move it We're like sold out Oh no I think that we're sold out boys and girls and I got like a little scratch I told you yesterday and I'd tell you right in the middle of the show Yes you did I felt like my mufflinzy allergies were kicking me again And it's sturdy like a little scratchy throat A little bit of a cold But there's nothing like vix Don't you know what you're doing? I love it, you're doesn't like vix I love vix Man I'm gonna sit and sniff it Oh I'm gonna affect I think I'm gonna sniff vix during the entire show today I'm gonna do like the isolated spot and then we'll do like the other break right? I ain't do the on-air programming but with Howard we never know what we're gonna get on And that's fine with us Because huh? Huh? We're starting to like Howard and I'll hell a lot more about every minute of every day You know what I mean? With every beat of the heart That is correct Time to get serious about that show Anyway 1050, 10b411 Let's take a look at that QM lineup today We got a pristine lineup today We got the mad dog at two The hump of it four Hey, stupid We got the big O Rock solid! At seven, any K10, we don't have any, you know what I mean? Everybody else wants to see what you're saying But we, any K, we don't have like a thing yet Where he says, you know The O version, the under is in the ins and the asshole I have to get some pretty K Right now I want to tell you about my friends over at guaranteed mortgage bankers and Dearfield Beach with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is Now recently they helped out a listener of ours They thought he'd be able to qualify to build his own home We're to buy it or whatever he was doing with it Not only were they able to qualify him They were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get And work closely with him to determine which was best And then they made it happen That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and Dearfield Beach Call him toll free at 1-800-734-6616 Would you look for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate? About 30 men Or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages guaranteed mortgage bankers and Dearfield Beach has exactly what you'd be looking for The offer payments is low with 232 bucks for every 100,000 inch of borrow folks Guaranteed mortgage bankers and Dearfield Beach can make it happen for you too That way will they make it happen for you They'll even send you on a cruise that is correct After closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and Dearfield Beach You'll be able to choose one of six different seven-light cruise's compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers Call him toll free right now 1-800-734-6616 Would you want to purchase a new home and investment property or just be finance your current mortgage Call that number 1-800-734-6616 Or on the web it's guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com That's guaranteed mortgage bankers and Dearfield Beach had 1-800-734-6616 Where it would be treated just like family And now we don't have to play the thing right? Just isolated Just kind of like all out there like hanging in suspended air There you go Or we could Yeah, play a little that Okay, let's take a look at the result yesterday is pool But we had a humongous response on a pool, you know it Yes indeed And don't let me talk too fast today because I gotta conserve my throat Because then otherwise you'd have to be on the rest of the week No, we don't want that through No, yes we do Your just been to a spectacular job Let's hear it for George Oh Anyway, what well known person do you think is the biggest phony that was our pool question yesterday 185-0 Holy crap, that's a lot of votes You know what showed up? 185, let's work from the bottom on up Ed Koch, she didn't have any, she had the big Oh, and enjoyed it, too as a matter of fact Ed Koch, former mayor of New York, Democrat turned curg, outturn code bush, or a supporter Morey Pulvichers that Murray published, head up here Leslie's going She had two, Leslie Tucker Carlson with that silly ass bow tie had three Nancy Grace had eight Paul Croch, of Janet Paul Croch who recorded some rumors maybe He had a dozen Lynch Indian Wayne highs and The same person they were tied with 20 of your piece Ed, do you know the interesting part of that? That they both have a gage on her It's going around Give her stop and think about there I have Well, there you go, each head 20 Larry King 21, Pat Robertson had 22 Madonna 23, Tava Donald Trump 23 JLo 24, now we're getting a more serious people Sean had it 25, Miss Matt Drog 32, Tava Dan Koder 32 There's a match for you Phil Henry had 34, he's a move it up there Are you sure in the lack of credibility category? Phony Rudy Giuliani 36, Dennis Miller 39 Can't stand that child Jerry Falwell 45, Grinna Don't let that purple ticky winky gage ass God only goes what he might do with it Oprah had 50, nice going honey I want that free liver The Pope 54, Condolisa had 67 Jimmy Swagger 92, Kathy Lee Gifford 101 But what a great response this was And it came out just the way you'd expect Dr. Phil like her predicted moved up Handsome, 165, a strong turd Second Bill O'Reilly Potty mouth Bill 186 and Leading Look at the difference in numbers there Leading in a class and a league of his own Just off to the races Six hundred and sixty nine votes Winnie by almost 500 votes Rush Limbaugh, Peel Pop and Rush Can you believe that? Showed this Okay, let's take a peek at who's on our beat According to the chasey lane Now back in the day I might have been able to read Some of the titles of the movies that chasey was in Right, she was born December 7, 1971 Which makes her about 32 Right, she'll be 33 in December December 7th, though, was Pearl Harbor day Oh, day after my birthday Well how about that? All things are kind of tight by the way Anyway actress, she was in dairy made, take a jill pill Monsters of With Peter North and it wasn't monsters in the midway either Weapons of Fiction Well I can only read parts of this because otherwise Joyce is going to have a fit Same hand, teachers pet, best of the pivot girls number 30 But third man I can't read any of these Oh, hi, he got game American Dream Girls captured on camera Dirty Bob's excellent adventures GM Las Vegas review Oh, she's made a Zidin movies and a couple of me with her clothes on Not too many So there she is, chasey lane, she's behind a beat of curtain on the rogis.com But take a quick peek on there or along Because long as John Askrothane look him 1056, it seems like I just did a break here tonight But we didn't really do it was just a stomp break It was just a little practice 1056 and 560 WQAM Two weeks from today is election day We're probably here today from some of the people that did the early voting yesterday With some of their ghost stories What? Oh, not that just some of the news footage Oh yeah, especially with the day And the no problems man, Glenn did in the hood She's got a cover, and then of course go to the police Or pour up there and pombies that bitch Hey, IRS tax problems have way of running all the aspects of your life They take a tool on you financially, physically and emotionally You can never really forget about your IRS problems As they come back each morning when you wake up like a recurring nightmare CPA Genie buck walled in the buck wall tax firm Will help and your IRS problems forever Give you back piece of mind too That's why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the buck wall tax firm Well, they have IRS problems One that avoid potential criminal prosecution Get all on file tax returns prepared Even if you lost all your records Suppose you have an IRS lien, a wage-living, a pay-roll taxes and penalties You want to settle for 1,000 less than you owe And need time to pay whatever the situation is with you The buck wall tax firm can help They offer a free initial consultation with no obligation Affordable and guaranteed fees and immediate relief from IRS harassment And best of all you never have to meet with the IRS The buck wall tax from handles all the meetings and discussions You don't even have to get involved So call 954 575-2800 That's 954 575-2800 Whether you're off 10,000 a thousand a million Whatever it is, IRS taxes The buck wall tax firm can help you out Call 954 575-2800 Today for your free consultation or visit them on the web at www.irsfeedem.com And stop worrying about the IRS knockout at your front door It's 954 575-2800 The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out The buck wall tax firm можно to help you out The buck wall tax firm can help you out About 300% Number 37 Number 37 Number 37 five. Dan around it will personally say. I'm sorry. It's 11.02 at 5.16. W.M. Happy Tuesday to a two weeks from today, Election Day. And then of course we got the people out there who couldn't give a flying crap less about Election Day, which is kind of sad. And did the, what do the little, what difference is in my crowd? It's going to make a big difference. This is the, they keep saying it the most important election in my lifetime. But nevertheless, there are those people out there who just refuse to be swayed or moved or they're in the professionally indifferent. So anyway, here's something more exciting and enticing to you. Angelina Jolie, who manages to mesmerize men and fide off robot invaders with just one eye in her latest movie, has been named the sexiest woman alive in the latest edition of Esquire magazines. This is the thing they do over here. Although we do this pull early often, right? Although do we do the one about sexiest woman alive? We must have, we must have somewhere long to land. But long enough, we go that we forgot. So just for ten we never did this before. Who do you think is the sexiest woman alive? And here's their top three from Esquire and we'll start our pull with that. Angelina Jolie, Halle Berry, or Britney Spears, but you're Halle Olwin. No, I'm over Britney Spears. She's been trashed it up lately. Yeah, you'd love that trashed up on that bitch. I'll tell you that right now. Oh no doubt, but still. It anyway. She ain't no chasey lane. And she sure is how wasn't in that f***ing Peter North. Anyway, although I bet. Oh, can you imagine how much would you pay for that movie? Let me see how much I got. Britney Spears and Peter North. Of course, Peter North now is like old and we're not, but you don't care about that. Anyway, here's the facts from Fred C. Our pollster or self-proclaimed pollster anyway, who's doing a fine job. You're doing it Fred. He's got his latest extrapolation here. And he's got Carrie beating Bush 270 to electoral votes to 260. She said, she need 270. That's the magic number. You bozos out there who can't figure it out. And sometimes I forget. Anyway, he's got, well, let's see the changes he made. He says in North Carolina in Virginia, which he still gives to Bush, Carrie is closing in the latest state by state polling. And he's giving Florida Nevada and Wisconsin to Bush and Nevada to Carrie. I think he's, I don't think Carrie's going to win the vatter. And I think Carrie's going to win Wisconsin. How Bush is going to win Florida without a tremendous amount of help from our fat governor and Glendian hood. I have no idea. Because if you watched on your local news, you want, and also on the networks, all of those screaming Mimi's rout to yesterday getting the really voting roll going, the overwhelming preponderance of those people or Democrats were Carrie people. Do you notice that? Right. Because they're taking the message for me. They're voting several times. They're not about to let happen what happened four years ago. They're voting 15, 20, maybe even about 30 minutes. Time's just to make sure that at least one of my count. That's the way to do it. Just be persistent man. Keep going back. I didn't vote before you're full of it. I noticed that Robin had this story at the end of the steering show, so we don't want to spend too much time on it. About Mark Alman. Which was in the $1. Did he? No, not by name. I don't know. I'm not telling you. Mark Alman is in stable terms. In a hospital after motorcycle crash in central London, the singer was injured after he was, what is that word? PIL, I owe in. I have never heard of that word. It must be a Britain. This is the BBC website. Is it pillorate? He was pillion passed around a bite that collided with the car in your same pulse cathedral on Sunday. He was pilliond. Not to know what I mean. Some people get Piond. He got pilliond. Both he and the writer were taken in hospital. Alman had emergency surgeries being treated intensive care. He's going to be okay. Alman had his most famous hit with his group, Softso, with their song. He did love when to number one and 1981. One hit wonder. Yes, remember when we were playing was one hit wonder. That was one of them. And as soon as I saw the story, I said to myself, why I got that this right my drawers here and sure it out there was. Let's see, here's Gary and Weston says, sorry, I'm a little late near the list of yesterday's pool. Oh, here's another good one we should have had on there. Three, the biggest one of them is that whole Chris Matthews, maybe we can have John Stuart on his show and pitch slap him like he did on crossfire. Good choice, Gary, but a little bit late now. He's got a lot of votes. Let's see, here's another one from, what is this? To MSNBC. Gary, I'm a good user last name, our fight of Parkway and Weston. He writes to MSNBC program director, Gearser or Madam. It's unfortunate you've allowed you to never to become nothing more than a shelf of the Republican party. When you have four of the five guests in a hardball where Republicans back to the partisanship, no Schmitt Gary, your network has become so blatantly obvious that it has become almost impossible to watch. When Mr. Matthews makes life of the fact that the president of the U.S. has been wired for a sound for his debates instead of showing the photograph of the president's back and letting the public decides for themselves. The general public is not as stupid as your minions make them out to be. Can't read this one sentence, the facts are screw up. Yes, I did. It says, you're a duplicitous supporter of our selected president as revolting at best. In other words, you and your minions need to take a long look in the mirror and see how it is you can live with yourself to allow this cartel administration to continue to do the American public with what you're reporting to reporters. Oh, we're back at on. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. How's that happening, come on. Another terrorist flight coming into the country. It got bewreded and we went to Maine. Now how I wish I had not gone my turban because they sent the old way. I converted many years ago. That's when I changed my name from catch. Now the terrorist I am on, because my last name is Islam. That's why they sent my blood right back. Oh, no terrorist flight has been interrupted. Nobody wants to see me on our plane. I didn't even try to like my shoe. The Satan no peace train. Oh, there's ain't no peace train. There's ain't no peace train. I'm not sad I'm the Satan. Oh my shoe is not in flames. There's ain't no peace train. I'm dying out of the hair. Twenty-nine till noon at five, sixty-one. We got ninety-one votes on the pool. Such is woman alive. So far, we need to expand that list, you know what? Yes, we do. Angeline Jolie, she'd be having 40. Kelly, very 22. Britney Spears only has 19. I'm amazed at that. Maybe you're right. Maybe she's kind of like old meat. So all that. Jessica Simpson and Vita Gherra has got a pair. So untold. UK Anti-Vosilater Spark Outrage. A pro-Kerry letter-widen campaign by Britain's left-leaning Guardian newspaper targeting undersighted U.S. voters has provoked outrage across the Atlantic. Oh my God. The papers encourage its readers to express their opinions on the November 2nd presidential election to voters in the key-swings-state of Ohio to the fury of Clark County. They're peodin' the fired up. Hey, England's scarlet and whales mind your own business. We don't need we need spined limes. Middling in our presidential election was one of the email ration to the campaign. The Fox National Cable television network surprised surprised her into the newspaper and even John Kerry's own Democrats expressed horror at the campaign. Horror. We feel it's not a good idea. I think it was unwised. It's so poorly thought out said Sharon Manita, spokeswoman in Britain for Democrats abroad. The newspaper, whose cartoons regularly portrayed President George W. Bush's a semi-literate ape, was unrepentant. You don't mean smirking chimp do you? No. What a concept. We did consult a number of opinions that made our decision accordingly. Assistant features editor-palma-kines told writers, it's been an operation to give our readers an opportunity to express their opinions. Ohio is swing-state which Bush won by just four percentage points is in 2000. Clark County's had its heart. The campaign is a bit to sway voters and the county's electoral register who have declared themselves undecided. As of Monday night more than 14,000 people are registered to write a voter-are right to a voter in Cook County which has a population of 4,000, so it's like one for every 10 people. Individuals like film director Ken Lowe's Spywriter John Locari, historian Antonio Fraser and opposition liberal democratic, parliamentary and men's these Campbell have all written in their own capacity, not that the name doesn't necessarily carry much weight in Cook County. The Guardian which simply bought a list of registered voters and extracted the undecided pledged that it would only give out the name of each voter wants to avoid them being swamp violence and male from complete strangers. Nice job. I like a great idea in spite of what all the goody two shoes politically correct schmuck holes are saying. Yeah. 560. Let's get to more names than I'd pull. Okay, and we could like to get down report and stuff. Pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines. WQAM. Hello. How you doing, Neil? I'm just not trying to find out about the voters that are distration to early voterization on registration. This isn't registration. This is early voting. They're not registering the voting. Oh yeah, I can. But where we're not going to work. Can you go to vote, Tom? Is there any like specific things? We should probably put that on our website, you know? We should. Let's start. Call up your record. There's a number on your voter registration card. Call it up and they'll tell you where to go. We should make a list because I came across that yesterday. And I think the Harold and had a list of all the early polling places. But if you're in doubt, just call up your, or you can just call up the Broward County of voter registration officer in Dave County or Palm Beach where we'd had you live. Got it? I roll you off and baby, that's the motto. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I want to put a name on the pole. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Carmen Electra. All right, you got it, man. Thank you. And have a great day. Carmen, let her gut her. We got it. She's had her moments. Let's see, here's a couple more Jennifer Garner and Eva Longoria of Desperate Housewives. That's another one of those stupid ass shows that's on now. I assume. Who the hell's in that show? I think isn't that the one that Miguel is in from passions? I don't know. I don't know anything. So well, how come you don't know? Mr. is supposed to be on top of these days. Maybe it's up. I don't know. I'll be on top of Miguel for a little while anyway. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. And he Verizon, singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello. You know. Yes, sir. Hey, there's I think there's some hope. Florida, even though I'm. I mean, in general, there's been a Florida because I'm I was up in Central Florida when Charlie came through. Yeah. And before the storm came through, I should have said I was up there about four years ago and there were bushes, signs all over people's houses, right? Yeah. You know, friend lives. This time when I was up there driving around with Mark. I got friends up there. I only saw one bush sign and I saw car-wide. There are about a dozen cars with bush. Stickers on them. Yeah. I mean, I at least have the many what carry one. So I think there's a lot of people in Central Florida who are. You know, we're supposed to know where we go. Huh? Especially in the Orlando area. Correct. That was leaning, you know, at that point in Torque, and many Torque carried out and where it was four years ago and so forth. Another thing is Heidi Klug is someone I think is very. Very beautiful. Heidi, are you a club? Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I know what it is. Just relax. Okay. Oh. Okay. Five, six, seven. Oh, six, eight. Yeah. I think Carrie's been a win Florida. I think you're going to be really shocked because number one bush isn't going to get anywhere near the old exileo vote in Dave County that he got four years ago. That's number one. And number two, how could the people not be pissed off and fired up about him stealing the election abroad daylight four years ago? It just would bugle my mind if the people are like, you know, the brains are fried from the sun and all that. But nobody could be that complacent to live the happen again. So if he can win by a big enough margin, they wouldn't even be able to steal it even the fat ass brother governor and what the hell is your name, Glenn, in the hood? Comment prompts plain evacuation. A Northwest Airline commuter plane was evacuated before takeoff yesterday morning after two passengers paying to have overheard someone mention a bomb on a bomb while talking on a cell phone. Guess where this was? This was in Fargo, North Dakota. Told you about that. Great movie. Yep. Sergeant Steve Link said the plane's crew was alerted passengers were told to leave the plane about 530 in a morning. The plane was at Hector International Airport, way to leave for Minneapolis, Saint Paul with 57 people aboard as they were waiting to board. Two passengers over her, another passenger talking on a cell phone, making a reference to bombs away and the flight. They overheard the man say that in the phone. Boms away and the flight passengers were taken away secure area and they were questioned. Police Sergeant Kevin Vultrath said no one was arrested. Authorities found nothing suspicious. He said bombs away. Maybe just cut one. Who the hell is? People are a little bit on the uptives. You know what? So anyway, we already emailed Eric the link, but it's a pretty difficult to remember. Early voting.org. Okay. Why is that difficult to remember? I'm being sarcastic. It's a map. A beautiful little map with the red dots on it telling you all about. Well put it on our website on the Orojo.com. If you want to go to a direct early voting.org, and we'll tell you where to go. And if they want to tell you where to go, call me and I'll tell you where to go. Here's line 9. QA and hello. I have one for the pole. Yes sir. I'm quite pissed with it. Who is it? What does it do with it? What does it do with it? Oh, I don't think so. I don't think so. QA and hello. QA and hello. Niel. Yes sir. Two things. Can you put Kim Smith on your list of hottest women? Kim Smith? Yeah. Who the hell's that? She's in maximum and FHM. She's just flawless. She's the only good thing to ever come out of Texas. Okay. And the other thing is, you know, I did my part. I would stop at a red light at your motto and you asked one and I saw some guy in the bush, shaming signs in the ground and I caught the Louie on him. Excellent. Probably thought it was an orthodox Jew. If you didn't hear that story yesterday, we don't have time to do it. Okay. Just one of the things that the orthodox Jew, then orthodox Jew. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlustline. Don't forget the mad dog at you. To predict now, let's see who the often's playing this week. Who are they going to lose to this week? The Rams. Oh my god, Rams, did the same Rams that beat the Tampa Bay last night? Yeah, it'll be ugly. Wow, wow, wow, wow. Your thing's a meal, Rogers. This is the Christmas Christmas on the classic Easter. You A.M. 560, W.Q.A. You heard... ...Skool, sool, sool, sool. I'm dying off the hand. A.M.E. has the dolphins there, the worst football team. You're... They fluff the ball from gold to gold. Like no one's ever seen. They're on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say, my A.M.E. You're talking toilet holders there. The A.M.E.D.A.L.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. Don't bet on them, you'll always lose. They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block. Their coaches ought to tell them to put their fingers in their chuck. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see my A.M.E. And there the A.M.E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.A.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I Am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am E.D.F. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds number. How many jeans do we need? Fuck, Batman. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. Jacals his signals in Hebrew. The dollfunds have no defense and their offenses at joke. Like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always just a point you win there in a playoff race. With fewer points than fuck marks on high zingos. Ugly face in there. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds number. All want the hell 32. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. I am a dollfunds. Who am I? Oh, no! Come on, Sally! Calm down! Thirty go with us. Five, sixty, every two. I am a woman and six. One of the victorious secret models her name is Adriana Lima. A lovely Brazilian girl with jet black hair in green eyes. I slumber the gorgeous pair of you know what? Pete, you know who that is? I think of Syria. Adriana Lima. Let's get her on there. And it's interesting that our audience are a student audience for once. So far, right in line with the S. Quarapul. None of my is it? Hmm? Who do you think is the 60th woman alive? Angelina Jolie. She came out number one in their pool and she's number one in our pool. 60 on a pool. Halley, very 35. She was number two in air. She's number two in ours. And Britney Spears was number three in their pool. And she's number three on our pool. 22. Jessica Simpson, the dozen. Vita Gareth, nine. Carmen, electro three. And after that, small, small theaters. Now as far as the early voting dates, yesterday, if you remember one, but maybe four election day early voting in Florida. And thanks to a reference to Sin by the way. Hours of operation Monday through Friday, 830 and morning till 6pm, even on the weekend you can vote. There are no excuses boys and girls that's the most important to let you in your lifetime. Some people, I know, you're voting absentee. I mean, do you think I would actually come all the way back down here to vote? Yes. No, some people like us at voting absentee. Monday through Friday, 830 and morning till 6pm, Saturday, 10am to 3pm and even Sunday, 1 to 4pm after you done with church after you go pray that carry wins. And here's a list of the early voting locations in Broward, which I don't want to read all these addresses. But I give you like the rundown. Pay without the exact addresses. Yes. Dear field beats north regional satellite courthouse and Hillsborough Boulevard. It's a lot of Hill Mall in Lodahill, in Plantation, the West Regional Courthouse and North Pine Island. Southwest region library on Sheridan Street and Pemberg Pines, the Tamarack Grants Library West Immersible Boulevard and Tamarack, Oakland Park City Hall, the Pompano Library that's uneased at landing Boulevard in Pompano Beach, Hollywood satellite courthouse on Hollywood Boulevard, Pembroke Pines, the Howard Form and Health Park on Florida Drive. The Northwest region library in Coral Springs, a university drive, the North regional BBC Library in Coconut Creek Boulevard in Coconut Creek, the main library on South Andrew Seven and 100 South Andrews Avenue for Lodahill. The Hall in the Old Beach City Hall, 400 South Federal Highway in Hall in the Old Beach and the African American Research Library on Cisterung Boulevard in Fort Lodahill. I know that's where Georgia's going to be voting. That's right. So that's the list. I'm going to keep hang on a bit. What was that website again early voting.org? Correct. Wherever you may be. Here are some good news for those Pines. Well, they want to do with convinced you. Like I hear some of these people saying, well, I think, you know, Kerry's got a shot in Florida. And good shot. Don't believe it. These even the state by state polls. They're full of crap. Right. I think it's going to take it. Yeah. Polls show tie. This is the very, very latest as of this moment. Two weeks before election day voters hold a sharply critical view of President Bush's record office, but they have strong reservations about Senator John Kerry leaving the race in the tie according to the latest New York Times CBS News poll. I thought everybody liked Fred Gwyn. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. This debate is a very important issue. These are very important issues. This debate is very important. This debate is very important. This debate is a very important issue. We should be surprised if it is the authority of Biden. This debate is very important. We should be surprised if the authority of Biden is the authority of Biden. Recently, President Obama had just worked hard on the issues of Biden with its influence. You and President Donald Trump had designed the policies. We should believe the political system is the people of Biden. We must believe the policy was formed. Our new policy was possible. Again, agencies are behalf, we should be able to check Thank You, stress relief. I'm not lying. I emailed a dumb-a-nit tricks. Now everything is fine. I'm naked in a dungeon-made forest-lades. I get with when I had my speed-hamed. Just to prove that she is not a master. I'm hanging by my chest to go for her. Just to let all heels are painful. When they were up I bought. But that thing is a nothing. When you're hanging from your nuts. I've been hanging from my chest to go for days. Now I'm a boulder-riding at 3K. Just to prove that she is not a master. I'm hanging by my chest to go for her. My stroke of each to be a normal set. Now I can pull and halfway up my back. I'm to prove that she is not a master. I'm hanging by my chest to go for her. Get where's the large and in the bag. So guess what movie I want to get over the weekend? I just have to come up on one of my channels. Solid to the land. What a good guess. I discovered. I think I already had a pretty good inkling. But I discovered beyond the shadow of it. What a crappy, accurate study. Foster. She is brutal. Doctor, Doctor, Doctor, Doctor. I like the scene where he calls her. I always love on TV when you hear the dial tone. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? How are you? Hello? Hello? Are you there? Come like that. Doctor, Doctor. She sucks. Scott and Coco and I greet you. Please add Jessica Albedire. Poor I love that. Yeah. Okay, that's Jessica Alba. I sure like that. Drink that she makes. Anyway, here's one that says my vote is for Tara Banks or for a little bit of local color. Danielle Knox. New who that is? Yeah. She's in. She's at the point. She'll do. Okay, we're building a good list there. Now here's the Mel Martinez thing by Carl Heiss and a few days ago in a hero. From political puppy to campaign attack dog. This is Mel Martinez. This run on for the US Center for Bobby Graham. See it against Betty Castro. And there are people who don't like Betty Castro for this reason. I don't forget about that. Okay, she's the far better or the two choices. She's our only hope. Carl Heiss and I was going to grips. Oh, just did. Carl Heiss and rights to the Jack of the High Transformation of US Senate candidate Mel Martinez is not complete. A once progressive Republican who counted leaders of both parties among his admirers. Martinez has morphed into a nasty right wing drooler. His conversion has been swift and appalling. It began with the GOP primary campaign which Martinez blasted former representative Bill McCollum's anti-family for supporting advanced stem cell research. Anti-family. That's the equivalent of flipping the middle finger at everyone who has a relative afflicted with Alzheimer's and a dearest or hope for a cure. But Martinez wasn't done yet. He offended even more people by running commercials that attack McCollum for supporting hate crime laws. Martinez called him the new darling of homosexual extremists. The absurdity was obvious to anyone would follow McCollum's offer conservative career. More disturbing with Martinez unabashed a stain for hate crime legislation which protects not only homosexuals but Jews, Muslims, Catholics, African-Americans, Asian-Americans, all of us in fact. One would have thought that Martinez and his enumerate himself would display at least a shred of sensitivity on an issue so basic to human decency. His snoring new stance was alarming to some who had known him as a trial lawyer. Orange County chairman and most recently the Secretary of US Housing and Urban Development. But to understand by Martinez suddenly grew fangs, you have to remember how he came to run for the Senate he got drafted by the White House. He had two attractive attributes for statewide race in Florida, number one he was Hispanic. Number two he was not Catherine Harris. The New Secret of President Bush's reelection team Harris was contemplating a run for Senator Bob Graham soon to be vacated seat. For presence of the race would have revived the toxic debate over the non-recounted 2000, the last in the Republicans wanted. As an alternative Martinez was deemed more electable than McCollum who already lost one bruising Senate bid. No sooner had Martinez accepted the Bush camps invitation, but he veered hard to the right declaring he was no centrist. Reading due to flee from the party scripted non-sliberal judges, gun control abortion rights, high taxes and yes, stem cell research. But ever since winning the primary in alienating many moderate Republicans, Martinez has been scrambling to reclaim the centrist image and assure voters that he really isn't a bulliest bug-eyed zealot. Unfortunately he keeps acting like one. An email sent by Martinez staff to Miami radio stations referred to federal agents involved in the alien Gonzalez cases armed thugs. The common inscurated police unions who felt that thugs was a somewhat insulting description of sworn law enforcement officers acting on directors of the US attorney general. Martinez hastily renounced the affinity email claiming it was penned by a campaign worker, perished from your mind and ocean that he would ever invoke the alien Gonzalez case to pander for Cuban votes. Martinez latest attack on Democrat Betty Castro is faithful to this year's core GOP election strategy, which is to monger as much fear of terrorism as possible. A Martinez commercial slamcaster fatally to provide strong leadership in dealing with controversial propalistening and professor Samuel Arian, while she was president of the University of South Florida. Al Arian who ran a campus think tank was suspected of raising money for anti-Israel terrorist groups. In 1996 Castro put the tended professor on paid leave, but reinstated him two years later because no charges had been filed. In fact, Al Arian wasn't indebted until 2003 long after Castro had left USF, Al Arian still hasn't gone to trial. But Martinez would have us believe that Castro is a university president, should have preempted the FBI investigation in fired Al Arian, even though the man had been arrested for anything. And here's the kicker. Guess who post for a photo with Al Arian during your campaign stop and plant city. President to be George W. Bush. It happened in 2000 for years after Castro had taken the professor out of the classroom and six years after his corrosive use on Israel had first been publicized. There's more. In June 2001, Al Arian and other well-known Arabs and Muslims visited the White House to schmooze with none other than Carl Roe of Bush's top advisor. How embarrassing, especially now that Al Arian has been indebted on terrorism related charges. Since Martinez doesn't want to embarrass the guys who tucked in and running for a Senate, he generously omitted the stuff about Bush and Roe from the TV spot featuring Al Arian. When questioned, Martinez acted as if it were no big deal, as if the White House routinely invites future terrorism defendants to stop by for tea. The old Malmartin is wouldn't be slinging such rubbish, but it's too late to clean up his act. Dr. Jekyll is obviously surrendered to Mr. Hyde, or at least to Mr. Roe. Pretty good comb there by Carl Heisen, who writes a really good stuff about three, four times a year. When he's not to talk about the Everglades in the U.S., whatever the hell those things are. You have the demand of the T's. They're quite conical, the ads that Malmartin is running against her. Are they really? Oh yeah, they're ridiculous. Don't forget just because his name ends in Z. I don't get too carried away. Okay, please. Oh, great. Who do you think is the sexiest woman alive, Angelina, of a jolly 87? Holy, holy, holy, holy. Pretty spirits 25. She into wealth all. She's old news. I think you're right. It's because of the barefoot and that guy. Oh, that guy, she married, right? Jessica Simpson, 19, Vita Gettler, 14, Carmerelectre 11, Brooke Burke, Bambling Brooke Burke, seven, Abianne Lima, three, Jennifer Garner, three, and the kind of small potatoes there in the bottom of the list. 560, Town 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lions. W to Q AM, hello. Neil, son. Yes, sir. Have you seen the new channel, Wink TV? No, I am K. No. The new channel is great. They're not partisan. They're unbelievable. They're on direct TV. And it's just a great, a non-partisan TV channel. What a concept. I know. They're like the PVC and they only run off of donations. And they're always showing great stuff out. Just pushes out of control. And the whole deal is just a great channel and everybody should turn to it. Okay. L-I-N-K, Link TV and it's just unbelievable. Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. Love you, Neil. See you. Spinning the BBC. Andrew Simmons, BBC News, Ecuadorian. What did he say? The crisis won the Britain's most celebrated arts awards, but also perhaps the most controversial. Why did they speak like that? What is this? I guess the constipation factor. You know, that factor is in right. What do they do that? Now, you don't say Guinea again for Christ's sake. I mean for crying out loud. I thought with Cori or Guinea. You're going to have joyous all over your ass pretty soon if you don't watch. Right, come. And she might actually enjoy it. Have a seat of picture, ever. It's not good. Probably just as well from what I'm hearing. It's 11 pass no in the mad dog at two. The Humperate 4. You got the big O. Oh, 7 is already now with Jolly. For everybody's watching TV or in bed or doing it with somebody. Doing something night. But boy, that begin with the car with the rams coming up. Now, this is the same rams that pounded that made that great comeback against Seattle. To a week and a half ago. Yeah. And the same rams that beat up on Tampa Bay on the hapless buck and ears last night. I think somebody said that's going to be ugly on Sunday. Somebody did. Yeah. Oh, who say your coupé? So that sounds like 0.7 to me. 0.7. Man, oh man. What are the line is that they won't win a game? Really? I'm interested. Well, I keep thinking to myself, you know, I thought Arizona and that same week that I was thinking that Arizona wound up and kick somebody's ass. I figured who it was. And then I was thinking to myself, 49ers and didn't the 49ers win that game were losing against the giant silver day. The jets they lost, but they, I mean, the jet. That's right. They lost again. But they gave a good battle right to the end. Twenty two fifteen, something like that. So they'll beat the dump. Oh, yeah. Piece of cake. Hey, IRS tax problems have way of ruining all aspects of your life. They take a 12 new financially physically and emotionally. You can ever really get away from those problems in your mind when you have problems with the IRS. They come back every morning when you wake up like a recurring nightmare. CPATMe book world in the book wall tax firm will help end your IRS problems forever and give you back peace of mind. That's why other top CPA law firms refer their clients to the book wall tax firm when they have IRS problems. Why not afford potential criminal prosecution? Get all your unfiled tax returns prepared even if you lost all your records. Suppose you have an IRS lien. Ways, levy, opaque roll taxes and penalties. Want to settle for thousands less than you owe. Maybe need more time to pay whatever it is. The book wall tax firm can help you out. They offer you a free initial consultation with absolutely no obligation, affordable and guaranteed fees and immediately from IRS harassment. And best of all you never have to meet with the IRS at all because the book wall tax firm handles all the meetings and discussions you don't even have to go. Call 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800. That's 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800 with the O-10-1000 or a million in IRS taxes. The book wall tax firm can help you out. Call them today if you're free consultation or visit them on the web at IRSFreedom.com. And stop worrying about the IRS come not gonna at that front door. Here's that number again, 9-5-4-5-7-5-2800. You're listening to the new Rogers X-Coach. That's the new M. The O-10-1000 and 9-5-2800. And so, thousand and nine. I won't do my monologue for a second space. I mean, you gotta look ahead of them. Kevin will be gone too. I mean, think about it. He's gonna be replaced by triumph and some comic dogs. And as to me, if I say, Conan's just this good. Yeah, right. Well, you know, I'm a liar. And I hate to be a bragher fuzz but let's face it. This is so my fuck when I retire. Late at night. Oh, come face it, you won't be tuning me in. Oh, is it that effective you think about it? You'll have to go to Vegas. To date my junk in the gym. And all you have for your molandess. Yeah, well, let's face it. He's gonna get fired. Get through the countdown in about five years. And to me, Jay Leno, I'm a tie, you're... Oh, oh, yes, sweet tie, you're. You know, when you get the family with them with my car. Hey, how's this for a segment? Jay walking away. She ain't linking about the dance. I guess we'll be up to Conan to kick his ass by the zap point, then. I don't know, maybe it's like a double date for Jenny Constain and his current wife. Was it number like 23? So I'm not sure if he's got five days, let's say something funny. You think it's gonna happen? No, let me know if it happens. Because I don't watch. I'll send you a wire. Okay, 2018 at five, 60 WK, I want you to write something down. You know, the calendar that we have there, eight, 20, what was it it's the 18th? Monday, October 18th, 821 AM. What? I'm reaching for the calendar. No, seriously. The great moment of clarity. I was like the dividing line, the moment of clarity in my life. 821 AM yesterday morning. I just mentioned that in passing. Elmer says, please add Sophia Vergara and Rosalind Sanskrit, you're pulling it my every time. Okay, Elmer can't say that because George still have said. Gabriel Union says somebody who has that. Is she part of that mother and child reunion? Gabriel Union says you should answer the phone when I call being that I count for 50% of your African American Muslim audience. Love you, Shows and Silly. Next to that is well thank you Mr. Dennis. Here's a bad story from dear field beach. Bad news, dear field beach. High school student was stabbed in the neck with a screwdriver while arguing with another 15 year old in class and BC 6 report on its new broadcast today just only moments ago. How can we have that so fast, I wonder, you know? Amazing. I'll tell you one thing, the Sun Sentinel website. They do a good job. The Harold website blows. It just is garbage. It sucks. But the Sun Sentinel, for example, yesterday the photo irregularities. Remember I talked about that and how did I have it? How else could I have because it was on the Sun Sentinel website. Certainly that great QM news tab. They weren't quite on top of things. You know the way they might have been? The wounded 15 year old a dear field beach high was taken to Brown General Medical Center for Lauderdale for treatment and other injuries reported. The voice suspected in the stabbing was in custody of the school. Official said a Phillips head scorer. I hate that when news of Phillips head. Right. Phillips head scorer was also taken to evidence. The incident occurred around 11 30 this morning. The classroom that both ninth graders attended was not immediately known what sparked the argument. They're leading to the stabbing. Or probably somebody was pissed off and fired up or anything. I would think. Some kind of a contract on. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Let's not only had names for the poll today, but let's find out if we have anybody out there already voted early yesterday today. Several times. WQAM. Hello. I got one that'll sort of speak shit shoot up your poll and take that big chat lift. Angelina Jolie off the top. Some high. Some high. Yeah. Okay. You got it, Mon. Hey. One more thing. Yes. Don't forget your field high. I got a great football team. I think that's a racial thing. Hmm. I could be wrong. But I'm thinking that's a racial thing. Aren't you thinking? Oh, I don't know anything about them. I don't know anything about them. I don't know high school football is like in my past. Please. Little bit of my past. The candidate. Well, what's that was the name of my high school or the redskins, I believe? I got all the football games. I'm no why. Because my husband's right next to the football field. Yeah. That's what the girls buy. And also like the White Hots. No comments. Yeah. Can you add Serena Williams? Sure. And Ebony Eres, porn star. Very sexy for the poll. P.S. This is Vernon. Excellent choice all the way around. Vernon got all those Ebony Eres. Yeah. On the side of large boobs. A-I-R-E-S. I want to make sure he gets these right. I'm going to hear his. Erase. What does that pronounce? Ah, someone will have to tell you. Because it looks like maybe it's like an ascentee on the E. I'm not really sure he would either like maybe just. Spill something on there. 560560 pound five 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. W-Q-A-M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to keep it. You're speaking to him. Oh man, cold. I think you know you guys are doing this. That's what I'm saying. I'm as cold as it gets. You're about to. How you doing, buddy? Excellent. How are you liking this, Miami? All the crap you're going on down here. Great. Nothing like that. Man, maybe he's going on calming. I'm almost about to get his abortion because I'm willing to vote for carry my white 40 foot. Oh my god. That's great. Time to make sure. I mean, it's just. It's probably the joy. We have, I thought for about a week and a half now. Good. Yes, you've got bush bitch. And I'm not. Well, let me give you a little piece of advice. Okay. Listen very carefully. I dumped the bitch right now. There you go. 560550 pound. How's he doing over there? Here he's doing pretty good Joe. Rose over at an ESPN the ticket 790 from 9 to 11 AM. Have it hurt anything. I have no fear. We don't mind promoting the other shows. Tuss Joe's a good guy. We like him a lot. And he, you know, he's like that long. He's like that long. Wasted people. He got hosed this. And not just once, but no, he may hold the record. Although I think the hump or he's right in the running there too. You know, I think the hopper's got the record for suspensions, but Joe's got the record for host jobs at QAM. 560560 pound 560 on at singular and Verizon wireless loin. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Yeah, let's talk to him. Speaking. Hi. Hi. Pretty good. How are you doing, pal? I need your help. Yeah. I have one of my employees who does not want to vote for Bush, does not want to vote for Kerry. He wants to vote for Nader. Yeah. I changed his mind. Yeah. Feed him up a little bit. Okay. I think he changed his mind. Oh, boy. Then the reason that I have all the answers to all the questions and all the problems. Sick, sick our website, Adam. Okay. Sit him down there and force him to read all the bedtime stories on our website every single day. That might do it. I have some good news for you. Things are looking up today. You know, I don't know what it is. I feel I had this little cold coming on with all of a sudden since this morning. Things seem to be looking in a very positive direction. You know what I mean? No. What do you mean? Don't you feel that way? Things are looking up. Maybe it's that new New York Times poll that shows that even. Yeah. Maybe it's the fact that all these Kerry people are out there voting in gigantic numbers all over the state and all over the country and states where they have the early voting. Molly sends to the pool. How's Molly doing? And here's one also at the bottom of this fact that says, F George Bush, well my goodness, not me, maybe you give it a shot. Wow. What are the disgusting thought? But here's the good news. The Democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand of the battle to sign up new voters in the all importance, swing states and AP analysis suggests. Don't chop up the A and P. Wigman's got to be it all the way around. The AP analysis of the most up to date figures from across the country found that in every state where complete debt is available, the Democrats have registered more new voters than Republicans. They have the age in Arizona, Iowa, New Mexico, Nevada and New Hampshire. How do you like that? Only in Florida is the story different. Registration Tallys from more than half the county show that Republicans have never granted virtually tied in the race to increase their share of voters in the state that decided the election for embarrassing years ago. In those counties, their Republicans have signed up just a few thousand more, in other words, it's like almost even Stephen. As for the two other big prizes among the swing states, Pennsylvania and Ohio, Pennsylvania's members are too scared to join the conclusions that Ohio doesn't register voters by party. I will say this though that it's looking like Pennsylvania is going to carry a rise of right now, those things changed dramatically. And even yesterday, when they were given the song, it wasn't a criminal states. The latest registration numbers could be pivotal. In New Hampshire, a state that busheled by a just over 7,000 votes last time, Democrats have set up 6,800 more new voters than Republicans. The Democratic rules rose by 3.7% compared with a scant 0.2% of the GOP that 0.2% will raise radio share in South Florida. And Iowa Democrats have registered 40,000 more. There's supporters in the GOP, a state that bush lost by just over 4,000 votes. In New Mexico, Republicans have increased their share of voters growing by 9% while that Democrats grew 7.7%, but that Democrats still had nearly 10,000 more voters. See what I'm saying? I said, Nevada's wash-o and Clark counties, that's Vegas, which is conferred 85% of the state's population reported 214,000 new voters. The rise is more than three times the number that's signed up in the month before the 2000 elections. So anybody who thinks that the public isn't whipped up to a frenzy on this is dreaming. Even people who ordinarily don't give a flying crap like young people. They are motivated to highly motivate. We can't afford another four years of fascism. We can't afford the too many where we're already over the 1100 mark in terms of dead American troops plus thousands and thousands and thousands of injured and thousands of dead injured Iraqis. It's the old liberation by the deportation routine. Plus just increasing terrorism in every single day every minute of every day that goes by. Nice job, W. He may not be good at least his consistent. 27 past noon at QAM. If you look at a mirror in your city, gigantic ugly bald spot, just don't give up. Call my buddy Charles Ophieri. Because Charlie's been helping the famous and not so famous look their best for over 25 years and now it's not only 25, but it's about about 30 minutes. This copy's 100 years old. You would even know Charlie's work when you see it because Charles Ophieri is created the best, the most natural look in system in the world and keep in mind like I've been telling you for a very long time, the most critical and port area of any her system is the hairline. And Charlie's new skin like her system is 100% un-detectable because it looks like it's grown out of your scalp. That's the real thing. Charlie's work is guaranteed. You trust just him for a month for about 30 days. Not 30 minutes. After a month if you don't love the way it feels in smells, if you're not getting more action then you can handle, return it for a full refund. Make the call today 1-800-3-124-13. Tell Charlie you heard about it here on the world famous deal. Roger showing you your special QA and $200 discount off the regular $800 price of that natural hereline system. Don't forget the secret to a great heresystem is make sure nobody can tell you where and one. And Charlie's new skin like heresystem is as natural as you can get. Just like that scene in the Assalance of the Lamsway, it peels the skin off the guys face. Yeah. Yeah. Same kind of thing. It's like having that face on your head. I don't want to believe how great you look at the Charlie Tayscarbius of Com. So far, 1-800-321-2413 or check them on the web of Charles Alfie or read.com. So far, it's 1-800-321-2413. Know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. She's on the way. She plays and has left. She plays smooth. And loves she does his scrunch. I'm a king of salt. And so in the heart, well I get this experience from her. She's like a king of salt. But she has no soul. So gay, never wrong. And boy, it seems. She slept with whole hockey team. And peels the skin from her. Weave come out and see if you've enjoyed it either. Great. Whoa. Alright, we believe it all way, believe it in a weekend sure, 1234 or 26 to 1550WQAM. Work from Tamarag says, and according to a holly, maybe that's why I just told you that. You think? Quinted. She gets a vote, and I'm going to take a look at that. Ellen Terrage writes us from spworkingchimp.com, one of our favorite websites. Now, who did you say called you from spworkingchimp last week? No, some lady who posts articles on spworkingchimp. Right. Reposted one of her articles she called on the air. Excellent. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? You have a hypocrisy of Lin Cheney that miserable, uh, phony bitch. Ellen writes, I've never liked Lin Cheney. Years ago when I would see her on television, bashing Democrats with typical Republican propaganda. She seemed as slimy as her husband and other politicians who will say into anything he elected or to keep their man in power. And spite of my personal views, however, I never felt that he'd speak up publicly against her. Now, however, with her true-like speech calling John Kerry and evil man because in the last debate, in an awkward attempt to talk about equal rights for gaze, he mentioned her lesbian daughter. She's given me reason to speak. The die-a-trad by Darth Vader's wife was a brilliant political move because all the right when radio and television stations, and then include CNN the station that conservative radicals like to call the communist news network or the Clinton news network, have spent days talking about poor Mrs. Cheney's plight. Days that should have been spent talking about how and why George Bush lost all three debates and his ruining the country. In other words, the media could have been talking policies, whose rather than about the accusation of a crazed wife and mother, who was so desperate to spend four more years in an undisclosed location with her husband that she cleverly took a non-issue and made it into an issue. Instead, the media either got suckered into talking about something that means nothing, or they deliberately went along with it because in their quest for media consolidation and mega-profits, which will hasten the death of our democracy, they were in on the conspiracy to reelect a man who will help them succeed. I don't know how Lin Cheney sleeps tonight, or for that matter Laura Bush, they're married to the most powerful men in the world, and they know full well what's going on as a result of their husband's policies. They know that tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis have been killed by their husbands, bombs, and bullets, they know that thousands of those civilians have been children. They know about the nearly 1100 now it's more than 1,100 Americans that have died in Iraq as a result of their husbands' quest for domination of the Middle East. They know about the 6,000 plus that have been grievously wounded, most having lost one or more body parts. They know about all the Americans who've lost jobs and health insurance on their husbands' watch. They know all about the increase in poverty over the past four years. They know about the damage to the environment that will cause millions of children here in the US and around the world of sufferin years to come. They know this country's end of the verge of bankruptcy, even as they pad their bank accounts and those of their friends with enormous tax cuts, there has been to give it to those in their tax bracket. They know that the children and grandchildren of the Middle Class will spend a rest of their lives paying for that tax cut. Yet I've never heard a speech either by Mrs. Cheney or Mrs. Bush, expressing sympathy or concern for the victims of their husbands' policies. No regardless of what the conservative commentators would like us to believe. It wasn't Mrs. Cheney's motherly concern for her child who was after all a grown woman openly gay and a seasoned political operative herself that prompted Mrs. Cheney's operas. Mrs. Cheney spoke up because she's a cold, calculating politician who wants to stay in power with her husband and she saw that her husband's boss had blown up once again a national television. If Mrs. Cheney had one motherly bone to body, she couldn't stand to look across the breakfast table at her husband, a man whose policies have been so disastrous to children around the world. If Mrs. Cheney really wanted to show her motherly concern, she would speak about the real victims of the Bush Cheney administration that children left behind by the civil administration's figure to fund the education mandates that children killed and injured in Iraq and Afghanistan, the American children whose parents will never come home from Iraq, the children who cannot breathe the air or drink the water, or eat the mercury-laden fish in this country because of the Bush administration's attack on the environment. Instead, lynchening distracts us from the president's disastrous third debate performance by carefully and angly announcing John Kerry for daring to speak her daughter's name. This is so typical of what Republicans do, they protect their own well, everyone else can simply go to hell. They give themselves tax breaks, they make themselves richer, leaving everyone else with the climbing income, they have buckles to protect themselves while they make it impossible for others even they have adequate shelter. Under the Bush administration, the New York Times reports today, HUD is working to reduce housing subsidies for the elderly poor and poor families with children. They send their kids to private schools and do what they can to undermine the public education system, they get the firmants or sweet deals for themselves during wartime while they send children of others to fight and die in their immoral wars. The president's mother, Barbara Bush, famous for attacking anyone who speaks ill of her kin, said on March 18, 2003 on ABC's Good Morning America, why should we hear about body bags and deaths? I mean, it's not relevant, so why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that? Lynchening probably gets along very well with Barbara Bush. The Roste Book and Remarks as well as theirs, there was one girl at U of M on, they had the first debate and they had her on the next day, and she says, oh, I thought Bush made a dodging fool of himself, but I'm still voting for him because I thought Carrie was worse. Man, air-reed, single issue, people are dying in, and this business of being strong on fighting education, guess what? The environment, tax cuts for the rich, foreign policy, the way America's viewed around the world, all of these things. I mean, you picked the issue, the environment, but we like him because he's a regular guy. He's like, oh, she's stupid, you know, and that's why when you look at the electoral college map and you see all those red states, you know? How many times have I talked about that? Yeah, and I don't think that most of the people listening to me fall into that same categories, those mugwams in Alabama and Mississippi and Georgia and Texas and Oklahoma, Louisiana, North Dakota, South Dakota. They just take a look at that. It's really scary. Basically, the United States is not the United States. It's two different countries, right? The divided states. There's no question about the divided states of America. The red states and the blue states, the blue states, most of the around the edges, all those liberal county pincos in New York, New England and on the west coast in California and Oregon and Washington and way out there in the middle of Pacific and Hawaii, all of you county pincos liberals and then of course the right wing in red red yahu's. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. If anyone watched the vice presidential debate, right? And so the everywhere brought that up and you thanked him for that kind of work. Right. Which we definitely, uh, a Pope by Edward, but there was nothing made of it. So I just just want to, I didn't know you if you had spoke about that. Oh, sure. I'm actually there a couple of times about the inconsistency on it and there's a team he's bought that they're Democrats are running now showing that where he thanks Senator Edwards for the kind words about he appreciates the comments about him and his family. And any had nothing more to say to the question because he didn't want to touch that whole gay issue and gay mirage thing with a ten-foot pole. But then it was okay, I guess, but once Kerry said it, then there was a little bit too much. It was over the line. Exactly. Too many people watching the presidential not an afflotch device president. Yeah, that must have been it. Thanks, pal. Have a great day. I vote early and often, baby. Early and often, at least 20, maybe even. But third man. Time. You're listening to Neil Rogers. You're on five sixty sixty. Q A M. This boy is my This race is my Are you sure? Chag精anaries are where the judge's справ wants the student fine today time The silly eyes are talking to you And when it's time it's time Don't bother them, I'll tell them all for sure They want George to be proud Don't have a home well, let us hear for time to lay They should go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go Don't bother them, don't bother them This boy is part of the sun Don't bother them, don't bother them Make sure that George is wild Don't bother them I don't want it five sixty W W I'm not I was kind of loud, wasn't it? It was all right, wake up the neighbors At any rate, to answer that guy to call before Anybody else who's better friend or relative They did beat on the street court They want to convince To vote for John Kerry Just go out there and rent or buy a copy of Furnit 911 And tie them to which chair and put toothpicks in your eyelids And force them to watch it And with a couple of hours, unless they're totally a dance Unless they got nothing that rolling around between their ears They'll be converted They'll be rationed out there to vote a few times Right Right, right, you can make a deal with them I'll watch one of your fascist movies And you watch this one and then Right, yeah, you know, we'll see who we are And number two, something that they're starting to bring up Only last couple of days, and that is that Because Bush has this huge lead in those mugwom states I was talking about like Texas and Oklahoma and Louisiana And a lot of those states As a result, there's a distinct possibility We may have a replay of one part of $2,000 over again That is the candidate who wins the popular vote Doesn't when he electoral vote Wouldn't that be a shame, huh? Not again Payback is a bitch, isn't it? A distinct possibility I just mentioned it in passing So when you see these national polls like this new Gallup scene And 49 to 45% nationwide for Bush Keep in mind first of all the warped Gallup fact And number one and number two that that includes all the mugwom states as well We don't, and I disagree The electoral colleges and the equities It's ridiculous, but nevertheless that's the way we do it Mm-hmm Gourmet 1 by 1,5 million votes in 2000 Although he still went out there, that seemed from 491 That's what the concoction is like That tragic is in the word for it Wimp, Wimp doesn't cut it But all the other words, finally Gotless, right, carry, Edwards, Kennedy, all of them Trajic Of course, maybe somebody made them in the could review Yeah, I wonder WQAM, hello Yeah, hi, that's a bit scary Speaking Get up to watch the CBS new Black Knights award the end Now watch the first 20 minutes of it And then I switch over, I think Okay, well the end, what the end They didn't order Coloss What the Republicans are trying to do for this year Amen, okay, go for a pal, get out there today and do it Early voting, it's underway right now Is that John Kerry hopping on that plane that is? Conventional wisdom is you win two of those three states And you win the presidency Here it works very, center of carry will be I think he's talking about Ohio Pennsylvania and Florida I could be wrong, but I would assume that's what he's talking about right? I said, last state poll or Ohio show Kerry about four five points ahead there He's a head in Pennsylvania, Florida last poll show bush four points ahead Which is all the more reason that people listen to the show And people are like a little bit enlightened People don't watch fast Nazi news Out of be getting out there and voting like crazy Drag some folks, find some dark folks on a street corridor Drag them when you're making them vote a few times too Not to mention some old Jews WCWM hello Hey, what's up guys? Yes sir You know it's kind of like a little weakness I'm seeing here It's like John Kerry first says I'm back in the president with this war And then the wrong war at the wrong time I think it's more like weaker America, John Kerry, the vote bushman Ha ha ha ha Yeah, get back kind of banana vote, okay sweetheart We'll have to keep the throw you couple for extras, no extra charge That was pretty brilliant, that was one of your people Sorry, when are your crowd? When are your brain washed masses? Even Miguel Escobar is voting for John Kerry, how do you like that? Yes, even the brain washed Cuba obsessed with the Miguel and our staff And our promotion staff is voting for Kerry And I heard the ten or twelve times what I'm hearing How was it taking the wrong country keeping America safer? Are you starting off that crap again? I mean when he started out the first thing Kerry's position on the war has been untenable it's been very weak, very very lame And even some of the things that he says now I mean I watch it very as objectively as I possibly can And even some of the things that he says now are unacceptable Because he's got that thing around his neck That's why Howard Dean to me would have been better kid Dean at this point out of care how many times it's showed the screen Dean would have had by twenty points right now He's because he was against the war from the beginning He's the one that had to fall to out a Tom Ridge in his whole thing with these Red alerts and yellow alerts and purple alerts and pink alerts and all that pink By the way, you know that lynch and he's got a key daughter But anyway, how dare you bring that out? A screamer's out of here. Well that's how we're talking about he's the screen I love Howard Dean We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona And North Dakota and New Mexico We're going to California and Texas in New York We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan And then we're going to Washington and you see it and take back the way down Yeah, but I guess he was a little bit too much on the outside You know they're always talking about well we don't want to eat these Washington and Ciders And they're right like you're they do WKWM QAM hello Deal Yes sir Yeah, you have to do another leg to do something to your pole Okay, sure least their own Surely's the wrong way how do we leave her off of the vest criminal? Okay, and also one quick thing anybody who doesn't realize with 9-11's all about a Fahrenheit 9-11 Get it? Rented my dad is it was an animate Republican that had a force that had in that movie I made him watch it twice Right, a lot of doors are said you got to watch this movie And halfway between the movie he you know he just had a had a change of heart I'm sorry he had a revelation go carry nice job paley Good work. That's what a lot of you people need to do who out there and rent by or steal a copy of Fahrenheit 9-11 Get the DVD and the DVDs and just just black of an enrollment force me to watch it from beginning to end Pretty sad and the whole thing I love these spots that were running our station Now about the bush family and the Saudis those are great Of course a lot you know those people in the red states and a lot of others listening to us right now They couldn't find Saudi Arabia on a map of the world with both of their hands at one of our each of ours Which is pretty weak. More in doubt. I love Marine This column was a couple of days ago, but I never got to read it. I was on our website The good stuff's on our website, okay I'm not gonna sit here and spend all four hours reading like some kind of a school teacher Like we knew a bunch of little school kids my pet goats stuff like that So there a lot of other stories that we never get to that around the new Rogers dot com they really ought to get to it Also print out some of those stories and hand them out to people that like sitting on the fence on the side of our two stupid To get the truth understand what's going on Marine Dowd writes vote and be damned First they changed he said that supporting John Kerry could lead to another terrorist attack Then did his hazards at al-Qaeda would be more successful under Kerry presidency than under bush Now the Catholic bishops have up the eddy indicating that voting for our candidate with Mr. Kerry's policies Could lead to a turtle damn nation Conservative bishops and conservative Republicans are working hard to spread the gospel That anyone who supports the Catholic candidate and one time Boston alter boy Who carries a rosary in a Bible with him on the trail is assigned aligned with the forces of evil In the interview with the Times David Kirk Patrick archbishop Charles Chaport of Denver said no a knowing vote for a candidate like Mr. Kerry Who supports abortion rights or embryonic stem cell research would be a sin that would have to be confessed before receiving communion If you vote this way, are you cooperating in evil the arts pressure vast? Now if you are cooperating in evil should you go to confession the answer is yes As Mr. Kirk Patrick and Laurie Goodstein wrote, Catholics may come about a quarter of the electorate many concentrated in the swing states These bishops and like mine Catholic groups are organizing voter registration and blackheading churches with voter guides An often ignored traditional Catholic concerns about the death penalty and war The pope and oppose the invasion of Iraq while calling abortion gay marriage in the stem cell debate Non-negotiable never before have so many bishops so explicitly worn Catholic so close to an election That the voter certain way was to come to the sin the Times article said What's the part of time without Smith and John Kennedy the church was proud to see Catholics run for president The church was an un-trusive force in 1960 trying to help JFK as it is a truce of now trying to hurt JFK the second The conservative bishops salivating to overturn Roe v. Wade prefer an evangelical anti-abortion president to one of their own who said a Wednesdays debate What is an article of faith for me is not something I can legislate on somebody who doesn't share that article of faith I believe that choices between a woman got an or doctor Like Mr. Bush these patriarchal bishops want to turn back to clock to the 50s They don't want separate in church and state except in Iraq Some of the bishops the shepherds of a church whose hierarchy bungled the molestation and rape of somebody unvoiced by tolerating it covering it up Enabling it excuse again paying hush money are still debating whether John Kerry should be allowed to receive communion These bishops are embryo centric the others concerned with the 1080 kids killed in a ward that the Bush administration wants would lies Or about the lives that could be lost thanks to the presence letting the assault weapons bands lapse or all about the lives that could be saved and improved with stem cell research Mr. Bush deraps his immutability from his faith I believe that God wants everybody to be free he said in the last debate that this was part of my foreign policy And today's times magazine Ron Susskahn writes into the article we had on our website I guess it was on our yesterday in the times magazine Ross Ron Susskahn writes the Mr. Bush is created a faith-based presidency that has risen to Republican party Bruce Bartlett a domestic policy advisor to mom were written on a treasury official for the first president Bush told Mr. Susskahn that some people now look at Mr. Bush and see this instinct He's always talking about is the sort of weird messianic idea of what he thinks God is told me to do He continued this is why George W. Bush is so clear out about al-Qaeda and the Islamic fundamentalist enemy he believes he have to kill him all They can't be persuaded that they're extremist driven by a dark vision he understands them because he's just like them The president's certitude the idea that he can see into people's souls and the god tells him what is right then W tells us if he feels like it is disturbing It equates disagreeing with him to disagreeing with him with a big age God The conservative Bishop certitude the idea that you can't be a good Catholic if you diverge from a certain church to Queen mandates or if you want to keep your religion in politics Separate is also disturbing America is a wash and selective piety situational moralist and cherry picking absolutes says Marine the Queen love Marine yes, go girl 12 minutes after one at five sixty W QA right now. I'd like to tell you about our friends over guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach with over 275 different mortgage programs available to them They will find a mortgage for you no matter what your situation is recently they helped out a listener of ours who never thought he'd be able to buy his own home Not only were they able to qualify him they were able to present him three options as to the type of mortgages he could get and they were closely with him to determine which one was best and then they made it happen That's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach you can calm toll free at 1 800 734 66 16 time of chill looking for whether you're looking for an interest only loan a 30 year fixed rate or one of the many low rate adjustable mortgages Guiranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beach has exactly what you need they offer payments as low as 332 bucks for every 100,000 yv Garantied mortgage bankers and dear field beach can make it happen for you too not only will they make it happen They'll even send you on a cruise. That's correct after closing your loan with guaranteed mortgage bankers and dear field beach You'll be able to choose one of six different seven-eyed cruises compliments of guaranteed mortgage bankers column now at 1 800 734 66 16 Well, if you want to purchase a new home and investment property or just refinance your current mortgage these are the folks who want to call 1 800 734 66 16 Or on the web is guaranteed mortgage bankers dot com that's guaranteed mortgage bankers in dear field beach will treat you just like family column toll free at 1 800 734 66 16 That's what blind rate of the course If the name of the world don't speak one by one what I'll call you all over Uncle you all over Where a where a wall of violence rise That's why we look for trees behind behind and wave our little radar guns at you To harass you for whatever we choose unless of course you're a member of our we have our orders to employ the old What if you go I'm not a contest if you want to go and find a little bit this to stop in the day of the law That we so like with we force I think so is what the speedway is for but if you're a good and I I'm going to go We haven't played in the long time. I just give it that right side by east that stopped the vote count whatever that was it was worth it One 18 I just got a great email from just vote dot org good information here for some of you people that are confused and wondering how to hell and where to hell and what's going to be all about voting It says make sure nothing prevents you from voting vote by mail It's the single best way to make sure that your voters counted and delivered your vote for maximum impact there you go One of the most powerful things you can do to affect this election is vote by mail at just vote dot org Just vote dot org And then unless you're a handful of votes could make all the difference voting by mail is the single best way to make sure your vote is counted All you need to do is request an absentee ballot when it comes in a mail fill out and send it right back To access your ballot right now is waiting when port believe anything to chance simply go to just vote dot org and click on vote by mail Be sure to sign and date the form before you mail it in and watch for your absentee ballot which you'd arrive in a mail surely if it doesn't don't We're even still vote the usual way on November 2nd That's a great idea just vote dot org got it. Got it. I'm saving that baby too 560 505060 pound five 60 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQA and hope Hey, Georgia now yes sir. Yeah, sure guys. I just got both my absentee ballot in the mail today I want to say on both out All right, I'm going to vote twice. Can you hear me this time? I'm going to give you guys don't forget Mason copies do send those in just to make it just to be sure Right, right? Just get that copy machine go down there to what can go through something go to some kinky place You probably running to build on what hearth a station just walk on it. Yeah, there you go. Just use the one a QM for free. Well WQA and hello QA and Yes, yes, I'm speaking. Oh, okay. No, just I am. I want to come out on the edge. I'm a good person I'm running here. You got it delay. Forget about that radio man. This is your moment in the sunshine Okay, dude. I don't know. I think that I'm very high in the 90-level thing. Yeah, I'm seven of us. I don't care who else does anything. Yeah, okay Why do we why do we care about that that you're a moron why do we give her crap about that? Is that what he's telling us pretty well ROL in? That's what it sounded like Of course it always took him 15 times the figure out that he was on the ear because he wasn't here in the sound of his own voice Words of a feather man Like a magnet. WQA and hello Neil, yes sir. How are you doing buddy? All right? Okay, there's a name you haven't put on the list yet. Yes, that would be Nicky Zering Nicky's earring Nicky. I think I heard it on the floor. Okay And what are we going to do to get the polo player off the B to Kurtle? The polo player? Yeah, the B to Kurtle. Oh, where on there? Yeah, we I'm glad you mentioned that we need to do a Current up some of the stuff under some of the stuff that's just under regular site too I think later on I'll email our good friend Eric and suggest a few of those things that are on it because when you go to the poll It takes about a half an hour to scroll through some of the stuff like the sisters, you know, the daughter of the The The one that's horse or whatever her name was. There a lot of hang time in there Oh, I don't say hang that gets a Joyce very very nervous when you say hung especially if you say hung oh God I don't think they do that anymore today. I mean we got rid of the lecture. Do we hang people anymore just a lethal injection I don't think we I don't think anybody gets hung anymore either No, certainly not me WQAM hello Hey Neil, how are you doing pretty good? Hey listen, I see two great coincidences within this administration The first coincidences with all these right Calthin respective people in this country I find it such a coincidence that the only person that can be president is George Bush tune You're I mean the son of a president. What a coincidence. Yeah, and the second one. I'm going to coincident study Surman himself with all these neo-con so where everybody's with the his daddy. There's another one. Yeah, the other coincidences Okay, get this the guy whose life president used to be the CEO of however Yeah, you also used to be the secretary defense for the neo-con's right I'm over you know Neil why I see somebody that Bush supporter the person that goes through my head is what is wrong with them You know anyway I got to go Okay, I echo his sentiment exactly especially the last part there. I mean it just at least you wicked the knees Like what what do we need to tell you how many facts need how many more debates? Does carry have to crush this man and carry's got plenty of his own falls believe me as far from perfect But that's the choice you got to forget about later anybody out there is going to vote for me. Let me say it again We don't want to threaten you. We'll be shot in the kneecap. Okay when you come out of the pulling place There'll be a little short guy. Huh yeah me with an assault weapon is a matter of fact. It'll be George It's a K47 Future the kneecap. I just bought one since the band was left the good choice So just cover yourself as a courting. Okay, all you idiots who want to throw your vote away on later much money Now the good news is that in most of the polls nationally he's like drawn one to two percent Which I think last time it was like I don't know what it was maybe about close to three percent But in states like Florida Oregon all I think carries got that luck up pretty well But they're a new handsher there are several states where he again could be the difference. He could be the trigger in the woodpot So what a hell is he kidding with that ego But if he had any decency whatsoever any common sense any Concern about the economy the environment all these things that he claims to care about so much He would drop out right now. It said remove my name from the ballot good. There was Pennsylvania hand on the ballot I think he's your homestay season. I think about 30 states WQAM hello QAM yeah, I voted for Korean WKG for say oh, good Oh, boy Like I said yeah, my my my yeah, you can come back in 75 years And the same voices the same trolls the same old holes this still be there look out now. Yeah look out now Don't run back to the poll my hopefully 26 after one at five 60 WQAM with all the hurricane mess we had in September Armstrong for the homestead is left in the situation Now where they got to clear out all remaining O4th to make room for the O5s You'll save like never before an all remaining O4s in stock ready for a immediate if not sooner delivery Choose from Ranger Tundra F 150 pickups Explore as an expediation crown picks torsas focuses and Mustangs every O4 on a lot of Armstrong for the homestead has been drastically reduced And you're gonna save thousands of dollars plus Armstrong for it offers more value to whistle customers when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford You'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that's absolutely correct tires and batteries for life The value you get at Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now you get a free floor to Sunpass with any vehicle you buy If you've been wanting a new car, but you've been putting it off weight no longer David Rich and the staff at Armstrong for the homestead will guarantee you the best price and don't forget Armstrong for the homestead is locally owned and operated they'll treat you just like family You won't get a better deal anywhere in South Florida. There's no bait and switch no phone ideals just unbeatable prices all the way around Armstrong for the homestead 307 25 South, 60 highway just 20 easy minutes south of the 836 Check them on the web at armstrongcarrs.com and then drive a little and save a tonne on the new Ford only from our friends at Armstrong Ford of homestead You're listening to me You will be Rogers Exclusively You Just tell me what your problem is are you ready for some football then two minutes to ESPN gate and he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up. Oh, yeah ESPN gate That's a cowboy Vikings Packers you'll get them all on ESPN gate. He's gonna fire into a sky right here He will the switch of course you push your port smell the passion does road impact This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL on ESPN gate And then everyone's kind of flopping around down there and grunts is grown And you know you get mud But I am That was a fly fire ESPN gate where there's never a wardrobe malfunction I don't know where that one came from some days will never be the same That look like it here is the last shot out of the Roman candle call your cable operator now and the man the ESPN gate Look at it What a beautiful Good ESPN gate now that's a mouthful 131 at five so if you do know the chanies have a gay daughter Mary oh my god how cared oh bring it up Well, because I'm an insensitive Bastard wow wow wow Oh Anyway, here's the pull with single digits Thanks from Jim and Pembroke Pines who says I think people misunderstood George W when he started the no child left behind idea thinking that no oil left behind and thanks Mary again Mr President for those low gas prices It says go carry and please play that ESPN game, but that was hilarious We want to play that because Joyce will be upset. What we just did You know what I didn't even mention today because everything is going so peachy and keen and Iraq that Couple hours ago they headed on there and then of course we didn't see anything more about it because it would be bad for the administration Another attack on Iraqi National Guard headquarters kills four and wounds 80 and plus in Iraq today But they were as a people no, they weren't on the start of the story It took the stand but his damaging testimony from an audio tape interview was used British authorities are charging a radical muslim cleric a blue what what is she doing on The outside that has to be filed for the dry. Yeah, not on the outside. Why do they keep doing that? Why not don't they we are on here some people with her schmothes there and they're dovething River that's all right, and that's right those are Muslims well whatever seems same crap Wait until you hear this I don't want to get anybody nervous out there are scared about that draft talk again, but US has contingency plans for a draft of medical workers The selective service has been updating its contingency plans for a draft of doctors nurses other health care workers in case of An actual emergency that overwhelms the military's medical core Keep in mind again the great job redo that flu vaccine And a confidential report this summer a contractor hide by the agency described how such a draft my work How to secure compliance and how to mold public opinion that communicate with health care professionals Whose lives could be disrupted on the one hand the report said the selective service system should establish Contacts and advance with medical societies hospitals schools of medicine and nursing Manage care organizations World healthcare providers and the editors of medical journals and trade publications on the other hand It said such contacts must be limited low key in the street because overtures from a selective service to the medical community We'll be seeing his precursors to a draft and that could alarm the public. Oh my god In the election either reports said very few ideas or activities are viewed without some degree of cynicism President pushes slightly declare that to be no draft presented drunk her suggestion and rightfully So this is a possibility if Mr. Bush's we elect in the course of video comes get their way I said my part Or lead for votes You said you said something I think I was right around the time 90 11 first came out for Right before it came out and After watching the movie a couple times and reading everything I've read in the last three years I really do believe that once you said is absolutely correct 90 11 was a business deal gone bad I believe that No no doubt in my mind that that these people had a business deal with these guys It's something went wrong and I'm gonna repeat what I said yesterday. I think the reason we haven't found was some of in Laudnia is because we don't want to Absolutely not I think ever will I think made yeah, I think they'll probably take and they'll kill them when that whenever they find him But they'll they're never gonna take them alive I don't think they'll find him. I think the deal's been made with the Saudi world family and I don't think you're ever gonna see his as again You got it so well for anybody out there Those 10 or 20 times if you're voting for carry if you're voting for the mental defective just stay home I stop, Ellie Well, there's a guy where I had I think I'm counting the votes where I had like 52 million to six is now what the count is at the moment at least They put me in charge of the vote count because I count real good. Yeah, I can add I can't multiply because I'm just not You know, I doesn't born that wide kind like Mary Cheney. I wasn't born that way, you know? Is that how it was yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon and singular Wireless lines that I'm contributing to the overpopulation of the world with unwanted children George WQAM hello QAM Yes, yep, I got one for the poll, okay? Beyond the odd jeez man. We are more sleeping Or maybe it's never know. Sorry about that. Thanks, pal. Like be on say no, old man She be doing it she be smoking How do we do that? Well, all the way to counting I started with the same three that were the top three in the Esquire poll and I figured I'll be leaving up to these various student horny All right, right there is the deal We find out you're on a way to vote if you got that Harry elephant they look on your face Vote for them Republicans this guy's gonna kick we got a big black eye named Whatever his name is gonna kick your ass, right Unless they want to play dirty tricks we can do the same thing yeah when you need or be like I said I don't want to like intimidate you anything like that, but forget about it just dispense that idea Immediately if not sooner from your brain get rid of it I mean the people who would vote for need are now after four years of this living hell of this insanity or y'all of All of all whatever hell he's eaten Boy, boy nice job on that road map and how's the quint the quartet do in a whatever the semi-davis quartet It's the one in the show see I hate to break the nose to roll in cool and Powell and all these neocons the world is not a cliche Okay, so even all your catering to a lot of really stupid idiotic uneducated people out there the cliche doesn't get the job done You can have all the freaking road maps and pack back in the day you could wrap and you're nearby Texture go a station you get all of three ones you wanted how do you like that? 20 till two remember that what put what was that to pull about to 60s or 70s three road maps at the gas station? Actually used to get the service to the gas station too in your car. It also. Oh Potential legal problems and Pennsylvania to give overseas voters an extra two weeks to mail them back About a would split the nine electoral votes and could also yeah You thought that 2000 was queens on the slowest here that you just facts me that's they're making a joke I understand whole I understand oh how much Shakira Indeed And how about C.C. from Salvador Juante Oh It says C.C. or maybe it's C.C Don Juan now what's his name? Dan Juan de Marco. What is that guy's name? Oh, Doug Francisco. Don for a don for Francesco. He's our he's protecting our freighter tool He comes back to the compound until he says a few Hail Mary 141 at five so I painted a godfather just it is overwhelmed my life. I'm just inundated Irrigated I'm in the shower. I'm thinking to see him from the godfather. I'm like talking to myself Some of the dialogue. I can't stop. I cannot stop with a godfather. Huzorai. You know, I just I don't know what to help it do Smurow I think you're wearing this oh, that might be it Hey, you want to know more about following a low carb diet you want the best tasting largest selection low carb foods at the very best price And hit for a great store that we've been talking about for a long time. I'm gonna show the lights of West Boca Whether you're starting a restarting any low carb diet the Atkins the sugar monsters sound feet any low carb sugar free diet Ever invented the lights of West Boca has always been and continues to be the number one low carb store in town We know you can shop for a lot of good stuff in your grocery store the cheese and the meat and the seafood all that stuff But if you want some taste if you want some real variety and you want to do business with people Can answer your questions about low carb dieting the best in customer service Then for sure or come to the low carb headquarters the lights of West Boca you'll find over 1200 products like carbolite ice cream Reds pasta chocolate brownies cookies and more the open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 You'll find the lights on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market column toll free at 1 877 low carb That's what a w l o w c a r b run webitz low carb dot com. There's only one delight of West Boca and incredible stories your official Atkins retail center You're listening to Neil Roger exclusively Roger you love Shakira's tons and here Now you over new album Shakira's things other people say She already made music history by recording her first English language album and now she's taking her art form to the next level By re recording songs that were already hits an English only this time very English Shakira seems other people's hits I'm 146 at five six to buy my voice just lasted right till almost to a clock today Better hope that I take lots of Three and stop right now to my more props Did I mention yesterday that the Yamaha acrylic Kennedy's that I mentioned it that I mentioned for people to stop sending these up big long ass Stories and multi-page stories yet Not yet all right stop sending those big long multi page We're always there. We know about your carry campaign. We know all about it Yeah, the guy from Sinclair got canned because he told it like it was and Sinclair being a bunch of Nazi said you're fired at it And what's the other one? No, that's it just all day long people sending multi like six page stories that we already have and already anyway The fact that the Sanatua was used to intercede with Sanji and Connor in the 1960 election Which the old man can the got fixed in Illinois See first they'd put the fix in to get into the nomination in West Virginia And they used them out there to recruit the vote and to pay off people to vote and then they in Illinois in the presidential election Which went down to like was almost as close as 2000 in terms of right down to the wee hours of the morning and When those dead people the vote star coming in from Illinois because JFK himself was banging Judith Campbell extra which was Sanji and Connor's ex-girlfriend He was being an atheist. I look at least he had good taste anyway Kennedy and so GM Connor intervened on Kennedy's behalf to fix the election in Illinois in a spring, Chicago and then when a Kennedy's got an office And he made Bobby the attorney general. They turned on the mob and started You just you just know it either in concert with others or vitamins and by their loans You know what leads me into that is the 30s and found the skeletons of two mafia captains Believe to be victims of a gangland shooting over 20 years ago FBI official said yesterday and FBI agents said the two week long a vacuous excavation evacuation and a queen's lot as uncompetive owns a banana couple is fill up fill lucky jacone and Dominic big trend Trincera the big trend Agents from the FBI's banana and gotty squads along with the York City's police departments cold case Why have been digging through concrete and sifting through dirt since October 4th Following a tip by an informant Also when that story about the rat pack and stuff and all that stuff They talked about the fact that gay Edgar Hoover Wasn't he was a too busy fighting communist knowledge so the fact is he never acknowledged until the very end that there was a mafia that That was organized crime because they were busy fixing horse races at Pimico every time he go to the track with his boyfriend They would fix the races form and if the horsey bet on the lost they refund his money. I like a deal like that Yeah, hey dick finds time. I'm a friend of poppin. I feel listen to that. I like a refund every time my horses don't win Jocone is your main is where identified by pieces of personal property found with his bones including a Pajay watch what the hell's a Pajay you tell me rich guy Which meant I don't wear expensive watch my watch cuz 200 bucks. That's more than plenty Which match the description give him my family associates along force beneficial tools You know a third is identified for insurers remains after finding his credit card with other pieces of his personal property with his bones Wow He made his bones with a mafia now they're dig up his bones The discoveries were made in an area that borders Brooklyn and Queens near JFK International Airport How do you like that? See how this all fits it together now like pieces of a puzzle Where Alfonso sunny red and telekato's body was found by children plague in 1981 all the dead that must be O.C. all the time And of course we know that there's no such thing as the mom for sure 560560 pound 560 and the Verizon and cellular wireless lines WCWM hello Yes sir Sounds like it yeah You're speaking to him oh That's okay. Don't be sorry. I'm ringin a lot I want to bring out a some facts about why we're in a rack Yeah, the real reason okay a rack was no threat to us That's obvious now a rack was a big pain to Israel Because some of the weapons of mass destruction Sodom was saying was giving the families of 25 grand right Israel has a plan called greater Israel in which I wrote about five six seven years ago To take over a rack of ran in Syria and make it all Israel some day. I'll be there I didn't think it would happen. I thought I said America will never stand for that Well not only did it happen, but that's the project for a new American century show that's The idea comes there you go show that what they needed was a another Pearl Harbor type event Well it'd be hold we had 911 you had amazing what a what a convenient Coincidence it was that 911 happened just to enable them to do these into they'd plan like years before Are you familiar with Stanley Hilton? No put that in your Google search engine everybody Stanley Hilton has the proof that our own government in George Bush was behind 911 Wouldn't surprise me as well as with the help of the Israeli Massado have their fingerprints all over the way Zyne Merrick of baby. I'm a safe here in Toronto. Good luck to you Okay Well who the hell knows right right I remember article that I read In fact it was when we were doing the seven months with no No calls after we got unceremoniously showed back the 911 in the morning and I came from Prison Planet which is a pretty radical a website to say at least But she had a pretty well document all the stuff and she had pretty much had the same thing I don't think we've seen her since then now Whatever the author was 150 to it five 60 W QA We heard me talk for over 20 years now about dry concepts and guess what after all these years the stories feel the same nothing's changed Because when it comes to having your carpeting your furniture draper your oriental rug You're expensive area of our slain the only name you ought to be thinking about is dry concepts I've been using them in my home strawberry 20 years You ought to be doing the same and don't forget like I always tell you your carpeting is as bad as your sink What it comes being a collector of germs so call dry concepts today and not only haven't dry clean your carpeting But have them really sanitize your home and don't forget no rip off no per room of scams on that crap They give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start to work and dry concepts Use the rapid drying technique so your carpets are drying just an hour and a half You're really honestly can clean today and still entertain tonight So with all these years in town, you know that they must be doing a lot of things right if they're gonna love for me They're good enough for you and they brought in Palm Beach column toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 on a wicked weaver truck concepts.com That's dry concepts making carpets clean just like brand new and so our fortice in 1979 Don't go easy then number them me Please present in some You don't care what it's all you got on me and buy hooker frog The Christian rod knows what does you and I but have no fear We've got a great leader here with president dumb Oh, you want to vote really Would you have a cylinder remember first that even for election day to release from yesterday Just go on to our website and we could link you up or just click on the early vote.org Is that correct? Yes, early vote.org and they'll tell you where to go Okay, here's what we got to the poll so far. We're just stolen because we've eaten for this thing to print out when it Just flopped right out 599 votes. Who do you think is the sexiest woman alive in this time? With the Esquire magazine you're Lee Paul and so far our audience is right there on top of it man Angelina Jolie. She's number one and their pool number one Mars 156 Halley Barry she be number two and their pool number two and ours one away and Brittany Spears was dropping down a few notches 62 she's there number three hours just a consumption 36 carbon electric 26 Brooke Burke 25 Brooke Daniels Is still waiting for the cut Vida Garrett 25 Charlize there on 23 I said some a high act 22 adequate a whole year 20 So fear for garage got 15 Jennifer Gardner 15 Jessica Alba 13 and after that single digits Mad dog coming along. I don't think and right now don't you think that the dolphins in 72 and 73 they got the Super Bowl rings including a mad dog right for the end Of course especially the first half of the perfect season don't you think if they have another perfect season. We gotta give them like a ring sure The best of ring yeah, or maybe maybe like a little ring around the car I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball come out on a one word