We'll Rogers mornings and we did and horse around the clock for five years we can Another break already? I've been going bye by thanks Lord and pretty soon we will be too I'm dying out of the hands Get some Bible hurricane They live up, they live up, they live up Oh hurricane If you choose to stay with me, you must be insane or again You wish the train of pop was born like Noah's heart Okay We'll do it, we'll do it Water train The only kind of thing just the weather Tramping hurricane It says people should leave while he's alive on the scene hurricane He is not So let me ask you, what are you guys thinking? We take any more breaks today or what we're doing here a lot more important than putting spots on you don't you think? Not seriously, stop to think about that I'm excited about the fact that we have much shorter show every day now especially on days when we get a Marlin game like today and tomorrow Yeah, that's right, today and tomorrow Marlin's on Dec at 130 Mom are the Montreal Exposing Against the Marlin's at Josh, you wish cellular? Oh well we were both full of crap on Friday I looked it up and I was sure it wasn't Kymiske Park anymore but Josh had me convinced in the internet and it still says Kymiske Park somewhere But then again if you look on the internet for anything you'll find it especially if it's wrong You had send you to a field in Chicago a neutral side after the Marlin's bomb the crap are the cups it was 11 to 11 yesterday I believe yes, that's right Then we got Mohore David from after the ball game till 7 o'clock and I think the parting mode Possibly well he's gonna need a lot of rehab anyway He's gonna need a lot of time after the dolphin season really gets going here Oh Like he cares Oh Man, what did I tell you are they gonna suck or what? Yeah They have no quote or back they got no running back They can't basically score any points is what a bull's down It was so it's not too easy to win any games when you can't score any points But nevertheless I don't want to pick on those weird dolphins Yeah, we got a shot especially now that the assault band rifle is any of these If you're losing it's rate 847 get your genital blasters Oh sorry Well how are David and after the game go seven we got the big seven It he can't attend a clock that's our schedule for today so far and it still has question marks in the afternoon Wednesday to Friday this week so maybe just maybe How far might we turn this good to the week that was but we have no idea So I'm a little bit off my feed right at the moment because you tell me that see I just don't get it I mean it's one thing we go on and on and on and on four and a half hours five hours five and a quarter hours But because you're so great and because the whole world needs more and more of you, you know we're stern does air everyday That's one thing but when you don't take any commercial breaks. I mean what what's the point? What's the benefit? Well what what is the ideal? Right, what about those people that bought stern spots? Let's go them See with them it's just the opposite of us we want the money just give us the effin money We'll get the spots on come hell or high water no matter what else we've got on the air and that's all that's important So my question to you is since they went an hour with no spots no breaks We don't have any more availability in fact I sneaked in that first break there out of the kind of some I heart So that they wouldn't be crying and crying Carrying unlike but we got no more there's not no more room to do at the end And I thought you were telling me that Robert was gonna be playing our spots so you guys can't get your signal straight now Well they were going to but then right didn't take that break Yeah, so one of the need to play our spots for they didn't We need to play there's no because they didn't take that break But we don't we have no way to play their spots. We have there's no more room We have longer breaks Have you part that's what that that's what Robert said No, we don't have longer breaks. We don't do five minutes breaks on this show I hate to break the news to you boys see it's one thing see right now This could be a very interesting day on WQM because we're not gonna be running 20 minutes of spots an hour on this show, okay? And it gonna happen Yeah, and the fact that they bought themselves into a show that has the most that I wouldn't say bizarre format They don't have any of them before that that's Greg reads problem. Okay, I mean you talk about hoots for this guy Saying when you know we're really paying Neil the new four hours Neil's very happy to do four hours. You know 10 am to 2 pm. That's the time when you Roger show runs So the fact that he contracted for another show that runs away over into this show every day just about That's that's his problem I'm here prepared to do four hours air every single day But I'm not prepared to like hoard this show and have already made it very clear to them So that we have nothing but spots and no show because stir it is so important that we don't have any Commercial breaks that ain't gonna happen So you're telling me that they came in and they made those breaks all five minute breaks Nobody has come in yet Well guess what it didn't bite just as well not because it ain't gonna happen trust me when I tell you Anyway hurricane I've been back up to a category five at the tug toward far-western Cuba early today Scouring the Caribbean the new uh coordinates by the way 20.6 north 84.4 west still 160 mile an hour when strong category five dangerous Dangerous but not for soft floor not even for the west coast pan handle and they were just showing on CNN that they were way down Pensacola some of the places in the pan handle way down on rain this year so probably the good lord Oh good same good lord. It's a killing lot of people who just can't get out of the hurricane's way He saw that they had a drought up there so far this year and he said well let me just get out of your way because you've had enough grief left you weeks And I'll go up there and the kind of sprinkle some on them Kind of spread it around and probably a few more people have died and stuff like that But in the meantime, he'll be watering the lawn making the trees grow all the nice little flower stuff like that right right So anyway the 11 o'clock tracking map will be down anytime now. Oh, and also a Spencer out there now I give Spencer a little poopo there on Friday We're she's seem to enjoy Cock-up yeah, and that website that he Facts after the show I did watch it and I was so impressed by it about that 757 at Allegedly Yeah, allegedly. Yes struck the Pentagon right and they haven't found like a shred of that plane It must have just evaporated hearing about that right after and I didn't pay any Yeah, well, I thought that was more that conspiracy theory stuff, you know, we heard but I watched that and so I had Eric put a link on there I can't I can't get into play in my computer for some strange reason, but George didn't everybody all seems to be able to It downloads okay Huh sell the whole thing and you're right quite riveting Yes, so you probably want to take a look at that the 911 Pentagon strike on your rages.com along with our beaded curtain today who is the Jade bearermore She will on a jaded side Jade bearermore born May 8, 1946 in Brandon bird west Germany She's the mother of jewelry more for reference point. Yeah. I never heard I got to be honest with you I mean of course I never heard of a lot of people because I'm a stuff you'll fart But I never heard of Jade bearermore. My jaded or what I should I don't think she's famous for anything other than being She made she made a few films Did she the lucky ones 2003 funny Valentine well big apple the wedding directing Eddie he ought to be committed Now since here he ought to be committed is that really the name of the movie? Never heard of it. Glam trash the stand in the last days of disco. Oh 1998 intended silent prey and they end up in otherable great and a bunch of other stuff So Jade bearermore is on our website today the mother of jewelry more and luckily that's an old picture I think we got her best work on the website right now That's about as good as it gets with Jade Anyway, we got a whole lot of spots to do here Like I said if they come in try to editing more spots. I'm just tell you right now. Okay, that's the director If they want they show to continue at least with me on it They're gonna be five minute breaks in that next hour once it's a great while to accommodate them. We do that It's not bad enough in the one o'clock hour that we got three four minute breaks in there So I want to clock you folks to don't care about the marlins you can go go fish and or something Oh come on go the beat. Oh, go do anything. Uh huh. Who doesn't care about the lord? I forgot 10 57 at 5 60 WQA. I'm right now Armstrong for the homestead wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining And here's just some of the great deals they have weight on it and oh four f one pick one 50 pick up just a dollar over invoice New oh four explorers just a dollar over invoice Rangers crown vix toruses and focuses all waiting for you It's just a dollar over invoice only at Armstrong for the homestead plus Armstrong for it offers more valued with low customers When you buy a four from Armstrong for you get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program That's right tires and batteries for life the value you get at Armstrong for it doesn't stop there Either right now you'll get a free floor to some pass with any dea for you buy if you're pressed for time like we are Armstrong for those you time is valuable so column at 305 247 51 12 and shop right over the phone believe and deliver that new car or truck or whatever right to your door Armstrong for the homestead local owned and operated a treat you just like family and I guarantee you How bet you great weeds life on it and I'll even throw in robbing quivers you won't get a better deal on a fort any We're no way know how no bait and switch no phony deals just the best deals going anywhere Armstrong for the homestead you'll find him at 307 25 South Dixie Highway 20 minutes out to be 36 check out the web arms drunk cars.com and then drab you with a little and save a ton on it Do for only at Armstrong for the homestead Another break already I'm dying out of here start watching Fox News Their live every day Because every last trip of looking Isn't New York All those right wing dudes With hair that is great They say they want George Bush again New York New York Don't want to shake up Down in Washington DC Because the best president It's still the chanity I've got rape They'll see how much food They can drink in four days Now that the Randall party is here Hello New York Bush is the big apple friend if you don't To Harlem Still here New York New York New York 150 WQAM you were very rushed so we got a hurry station Marlin pregame at 130 we got a lot of spots to play No, no, we don't I mean it just stop and think about how ridiculous this is see Greg read once again Stickening his foot way up inside his ass and even the proctal just can't get it out He just can't stop dittling around man with this radio station and now he's got himself into a real jackpot Because now not only did they lose the spots in the first half hour of this hour which this highly rated 10 to a level of the last hour But also the spots that they were gonna play on that highly weighted Howard Stern show well if you don't feel like taking a break They don't get to run them anywhere See what I'm saying I got the idea run them overnight when everybody's asleep and then you can always say well we ran them right there you go You got to pay us because we ran your spots Not necessarily in the show you wanted or at the time you wanted or when anybody was awake and listening, but we ran them pay us a r else Speaking of that oh now the reason I just played that Yes, who died Frank Sinatra close You never heard of this guy Fred Edb Number Edb tied no way nothing to do with that he wrote the lyrics for such head Broadway musicals as Chicago and cabaret as well as the big city anthem New York New York, New York, out of a heart attack. He died Saturday this home said Dave McCown and Assistant to composer John Canter No relation to Jamie McCown used to play for the leaves It was long time collaborate or by the way speaking at least no hockey seasons almost the 99 and 999 999 10% The lyricist was believed to be 76 although Ebb always was sweetly vague about his age He wrote the scores for 11 Broadway musicals many of them for such leading ladies as Gwen Verdon Cheetah Rivera liza menelli and Lauren Bacol Yeah, it goes on well isn't all far nobody ever heard of them, but anyway, he wrote that everybody knows that song right And 20310 votes on that poll over the weekend regardless of your choice right now Who do you think will win the election who's gonna win it not who you like but who do you think's gonna win? 2300 plus votes bush 980 42.4% carry 903 39% so even among this very very pro carry audience He just he's just aggravating the hell out of me because just now he's like what do you know that she a pet thing? Yeah, where you water it and all of a sudden starts sprouting and growing I think they're watering his Private's okay I'm sure they nuts, but I'm sure that we can't say that call up what's your name? What's your name again on the west coast? Oh, Joyce. Yeah, call up joy see if we can say nuts nuts the oh Joyce you stupid bitch Anyway, he just too slow into they should they're starting to do things now they should have been doing at the convention and immediately following convention by rip and bush And ask about all these lies, but in the meantime maybe too late anyway 90903 bush we are thinks so even a win don't know 323 and don't give a Schmidt 104 The poll from over the weekend from Friday now today's poll and I'm sure that we can add to this Which people ethnic religious or whatever treat women the worst? Yeah, and I I got to be honest with it. I just am amazed as I travel in various places that I've been in Europe and around I just can't believe how craply women are continued be treated sure Like garbage right anyway, it's the shortlist that we got so far Muslims or Thunach Jews Oh, it tidians blacks or the Catholic church which group ethnic religious whatever treats women the worst the most Chabilee like a tenth class citizens. I'm sure you can add to that. Okay, here's the 11 AM advisory on hurricane Ivan And how come like you said before the show today? How come none of those projected tracks those model showed it going Right straight toward the UK ten peninsula which is the Opportunity the right on a right on it. It's on it. Yeah, extremely dangerous not just dangerous, but Extremely oh my god, just but not for you folks. Thank the Lord. Thank goodness. Thank you category five oven heading toward Western Cuba and the UK ten channel which I think on your TV is like vented place A or is a 51 16 earth a hurricane warning man's in effect for Cuba from peanut del Rio to Cego de Avila including the aisle of you a hurricane warning means that hurricane conditions are expected within the hurricane within the warning or It shouldn't within the next 24 hours preparation to protect life and property should be rushed to completion Just like to find job that somebody did on those shutters on my house not that didn't call that didn't show up Just did a fine job on Saturday not a hurricane watch remains an effect of the rest of Cuba Hurricane warning man. I can't wait for Adam to come in say he wanted to do some spots for these guys No, right Anyway, I love to clock this morning the government of the Cayman Islands just continued all warnings for all the Cayman Islands They trap Ostromach remains in effect for the Florida keys From the seven mob bridge westward to the dry tour Tugas Perkane watches may be required for a portion of the north central and northeast and Gotham Mexico Coast later today or night and I love to clock this morning center hurricane I haven't looked at in your letter to 20.6 north longitude 84.4 westers says some people say longitude and I have no idea why they say that About 85 miles south southeast of the western tip of Cuba just west of that Cuban tip I've been his movie toward the north west at about eight miles an hour. They's general most expected for the next 24 hours toward the northwest Next the most sustained winds near 160 miles an hour. Oh my god higher gusts Some fluctuations in traffic expected during the next 24 hours during the past few hours Sand key in the lower Florida keys report an a sustained window 41 miles an hour with a gust of 48 big deal During passage of an hour to rain band of Ivan those of us who survived Francis we we felt bigger blows than that Hurricane force one's extended outward up to 105 miles yati idea a central pressure is nine 15 wow This is a big one baby. It's a good thing. It's gonna get somebody else and not us, you know Like maybe seven of me, oh who's in the pan hell? Eric today fine job. He's already got the 11 a.m photo up there the tracking map nice going air here on top of a baby and Showing that the eye of the storm just just gonna graze In fact, you know something what it's gonna be in the next couple of hours it looks like or maybe maybe sometime this afternoon That it's gonna graze the western tip the Cuban tip and then at eight o'clock tomorrow morning It's like moving to the northwest up into the Gulf And the eye moves up to the northwest actually a little bit and then starts heading to the north and then northeast And curves back up to what I would call the western part of the this again is the central part of the cone Which we're not even close to being in in fact the overwhelming majority of the state of Florida even with that big wide extended cone You know who's gonna feel the ass into the heavy rains from this Jeff Cohen me. Oh yeah Yeah, just like Francis man drinks this place in left two days at the whole northeast would tons and tons of rain and Among and this one's gonna do exactly the same because it goes up over to pan hell Few Alabama with a banjo on its knee and then if it follows the center of this tracking thing up to the northwest part of Georgia and Then into North Carolina right toward Georgia's home up there and then move it off into Virginia Hopefully you make like a nice right turn there and off into the Atlantic although it looks I don't know Could be hit a right forward. I don't want to give you any clues to where my feet are for After it goes to like Philly Delaware Maryland But that's a some rain Okay, today's pool like given a pool right you got it up there. Let's see oh and we didn't give it for you at the other two So I guess Josh can add those on there because he's under a lot of stress and pressure with us I didn't come in there trying to add on spot. Did they Josh? No, I guess they don't need to know okay I mean It's not gonna happen. That's a bad precedent We got a bad president, but we don't want to set no bad pressants you know because that would be really stupid Let them start hurry it's better enough that we have a little show left in the first place But if we're just bad if we're just good. No, seriously. I don't mind that part It like I said if they want to pay me for five minutes that's great But if we're gonna sit here and try to do a show To have nothing but the slap over there. That's a way We're like the mop up for Stern, you know. Yeah, we're like the mop up crew for the mess that he leaves after we decides when he finally Is gonna wrap it up and go home and then now while we didn't bother planning a spot for an hour Well, we're not gonna play him screw you. Okay, Greg As usual, Greg you made the mess you made the bed now sleeping a slap in it. Okay, you idiot you what are clown What people which people ethical religious treat women the worst Muslims Orthodox Jews Italians that you can add in blacks or the camper church If you would got it, we got it. You got it You It's I think the worst of all possibilities you stand next to our in an elevator crab elevator with a big guy from India Who cuts him really nasty curry cheese anyway. It's 1118 at five 60 W to QM God tomorrow's pool. I love this whoever sent this in thank you for few sleep Says I've it is great poorly like the poll today have been in South Florida for 20 years It is expected and accepted that married Hispanic man have girlfriends on sometimes boyfriends two by the way They don't even hide it from anyone here's another pool suggestion This is the one for tomorrow, but I'm not gonna tell them yet. I like don't you like that? Yes, I did I think that's that's tomorrow's pool Thank you so much because that's one of the pains in the S I have it to come in and do these 45 minutes shows I mean he's four hours shows every day Is they're coming up with another pool idea and we just you know, well, what do you keep doing them? Polls work because we like it and the audience likes it. Yeah, it's a thing and if they don't like it They like to bitch about it. Here's one from Steve who says the Japanese and white trash Okay, we added them all in there now. I don't is that true about Japanese cleaning women like a Here is that, but I haven't heard anybody you know Maybe she might be a daughter will tell you when she comes back from her sabbatical We're in contact with her and that was one of the first things that we asked her and she said hey And see no evidence of it there although the fact that she could pick any one of those guys up and throw them through a window might help Right well, plus they're gonna put on a really good dog and pony show for a while And so they are just like you're gonna do for that Japanese nice little girl. You better over us The exchange student you're gonna put on a really good act like you when you're white pretending that well. I don't want to go through that Either either do you whatever, but anyway, what do we got on there so far? Let's see In this great that we got about a five minutes show every day But see that I don't care just this check showed up on Friday and I shop clearance as you know But before huh what they could have should have done yes or hadn't played that Howard break Ah, but you see that's the problem that I'm sure it's in the contract that they can't just be dropping stuff in here Are they're gonna like be in jeopardy of losing the steering show? See this is the problem and you get yourself into a jackpot like Greg always does all over it over again like Some in recent years and then he has no idea what they'll do about it Well, that's your problem. Maybe you finger it out Not they're not gonna keep slapping over to the little bit of time that we got left. I guarantee and damn T of that Anyway, which people ethic religious whatever would treat women to worse like crap 70 votes Muslim 56 How could you be saying that man? Oh and how about the how about the Jamaicans? What about I don't know really think that women like crap. I don't know I don't know about that because the Jamaican women as I've totally had the very imperious attitude man Right, I don't like you the opposite I don't think so Muslims 56 orthodox Jews seven Don't want no women at that wailing wall Catholic Church 2 the Italians 2 his spanic one white trash one blacks one and Japanese none so far I'm not sure about that Japanese thing. Okay. I'm sure the destroy is really tragic from poor sage John Florida Which I never heard of such a place of you poor saint John right never heard of that Absolutely I heard of Saint John Newfoundland and Saint John's a man who was freed after serving 22 years for a rap. He didn't commit Walked out of jail with a few possessions at a plastic bag and nothing else. We heard that story recently Wilton a dead 42 didn't even get the hundred dollars the Florida gets its more gives its most vicious Exxons when he was released last month. He didn't get the counselor job referrals or temporary housing the state offers Parold murderers and rapists. He didn't even get a bus ticket home There was no compensation for the prison term dead's grissie that for a 17-year-old rape victim mistakenly identified him as a attacker the N.A. testing proved his innocence a The system is not set up to deal with exonories said Nina Morrison and attorney who fought for more than a decade to freed Day to be half of the New York based innocence project. I ironically instead of getting more exonories usually get less as in this case Zip but he do don't nothing not a dime Debbie you can and a spokesman for the Department of Corrections said dead was not entitled to the benefits given to parole because he was released from a county jail where he was awaiting the outcome of the DNA test because Florida has no wrongful Conviction compensation law Dead will have to sue the state or persuade a state legislator to sponsor a private claims bill if he hopes to gain any state money even a dime even a Paceau Only 18 states in the federal government provide some compensation to those falsely imprisoned what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? Then that bug bug the hell out of you? Yeah does that's why it's not it? Still dead as we see cards cash a computer feed dental care at at least five job offers from friends and strangers Mother said but he said he spends his nights lying awake my mind just let jumps left and right think it about the people I was in prison and things I need to do dead's totally Orlando Sentinel. I'm trying to get a normal life But I really haven't had time to spend with myself Just disgusting and sick and pathetic tragic unbelevable is what it is on The illegal right on un King on Anyway shorts and egg her out while sex with corpses Aren't you please or should you believe now I've actually quasi motivated to happy about that's good thing that he preceded Arnold Better take the happy sex with huh? I get better take that cadaver back where I got it now some guys out there I think in a corpse will probably even improve and improvement over what I'm doing right now, but that's beside the point we can't get too deeply into that Yeah, we can't Having sex with corpses now officially illegal in California and governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill Varring Necrofelia a spokeswoman said how do you like that? The new legislation marks the combination of a two-year drive throughout La Necrofelia in the state And will help prosecutors have been stemming by the lack of an official ban on affected scoring experts I wonder how that affects that dolphin quarterback AJ Necrofelia Not pathetic. They don't have a quarterback. They don't have a running back. They don't have nothing Oh, what is it 10 this is that game by the way Josh? Did you pay the attention? I did not what why not? Why don't I mind man? Come on you're supposed to be our contact. I realized you're not one of them But you're supposed to be elected pimple like the intermediary with a sports nerd part of the radio station Didn't know that it was you as said you'd or feel the nut come to see parking anymore Man you are really slup in in your old age Don't tell you right then of course work at that place you ladies very rapidly in case you haven't noticed Nobody knows the fullest end of the problem by a handful of instances over the past decade is frequent enough to have a bill concerning it Meaning Necrofelia said Tyler Ochoa a Professor at Santa Clara University School of Law is study California cases involving allegations of Necrofelia Sex with a cadaver with a stiff I'm sorry Prosecutors didn't have anything to charge these people with other than breaking and entering but if they worked in a mortuary in the first place Prosecutors could even charge them with that and he liked that The states first attempt to outlaw Necrofelia in response to a case of a man charged with having sex with a corpse of a four-year-old girl in Southern California Jesus Stalled last year in a legislative committee lawmakers were vied to build this year they weren't able to revive the girl but they revived the bill after unsuccessful prosecution of a man Found in San Francisco funeral home drug and passed out on top of an elderly woman's corpse The new law makes sex with a corpse of felony punishable by up to eight years in prison That reminds me of that scene the movie pinned did you ever see the movie pin Pian? No, no, no Where are the kids go up and the the father is a doctor and he has that anatomic correct dummy Never saw a plastic dummy huh sounds compelling Yeah, and one day a little kid goes in there and he's sneaking a peek at pin or having a conversation because his father used to like good be the right I have to see the money And then the nurse comes in thinking nobody's around me and the kid is hiding behind one of those things You know those things those curtain things and the doctors or okay And kid is science he just lays down on the thing there on the gritty on the head gritty and takes that pin and just Use your imagination a hope that Let's see what are we got on a pool which people treat women to worse Muslims 87 man you people better stop it Orthodox Jews 10 y-trash 7 catholic church three black three a tydian three Hispanic two and Japanese none where did we get that from you Listen to Rogers on Fair Right them Does actually The finally If I could when she realized, she raised more criminal clouds But for a push-up party, they'll remind. And she's missing, holding crab meat, and she raised more prey than that meat. She controlled, and she suffered so heavy while she said they were no more. What's like she's carrying an opponent's wallet between her size and hand. But he fell in her hand. She never paid to go. And if he's always surprised, she'd win the winch in court. But for a push-up party, they'll remind. She gave a huge push, and she pushed, not a bad chimp-y, and rather push, they'll be rich in fat. And she'll just mind so bad and stars, not a big fat. But for a push-up, we'll know this goes on. And I'm not sad, Jay, we'll be tired of it. 33, 27, only with 5, 60 WQ, and months talk real fast. Maybe we can have a little bit of a show today until I'm on pre-game show. What do you say? What do you think? We could talk to the others, but it was for this one. Yeah. Oh, that was really something. That was really quite a deal. It was good news for all of us, and a lot of people are probably so old. You know, when I bought plywood this time, and I got a lot of water and batteries. Well, you know, something this is one hurricane that you didn't want to be unprepared for. Because nobody knows the trouble we've seen if you're unprepared. And especially if your shutters were enough over the weekend, just in case, but mine weren't. I just mentioned that in passing, again. It's the South Florida Fnway. It's just amazing. If you find a business that actually treats you well and shows up when they say, for example, like Dilematra is one of our finds, bounces give them a little free plug, they deserve it. They show up in that two hour window like we always say, and they really show up. Who, by the way, in both hurricane cases have shipped off a truckload of mattresses to both locations? Right. You always do. Yeah. Yeah. Great people. So if you find people like that, stay with them, don't ever read dream of doing anybody else. But boy, there are so many trash-do's down there. Well, and then when they don't even call, they just leave you hanging, leaving the house. And of course, they've already got a 50% deposit on the big, big amount of money that they're going to, well, whatever. I don't want to go through a whole song to dance. Adam, did you see the clip on CNN with the guy with the Batman outfit standing on the ledge of Buckingham Palace? No, I did not. Didn't you see that? We said, what great, what great security they got there for that queen, huh? I think all queens. No, good. I deserve great security. You know, when I'm losing it, the slots, which is quite often, I'm seeing their playing lot machines that audio get as a cherry pops up. And I think of myself, oh, another cherry for the ferry. I don't know why I think that. Just put a snicker. No, I'd have put a smile on my face, right? Wait, you're in the middle of a losing streak for like $78. A father's rights campaigner dressed as Batman as evaded tight security to protest on the balcony at Buckingham Palace, Queen Elizabeth's London residence. Maybe he just wanted to put on a show for the queen. The queen was not at the palace at the time of the protest, as she is on her summer break at Balmoral in Scotland, the palace said, all you stuffy, silly ass, Brett, are you ever going to stop? No, oh, God, they make me puke. This is, and there is an intruder of Palantz, folks from Enthulcina, and Monday, it's a matter for the police. It's a matter for Scotland, yard, and inspectuous strad. The campaign group, Father's for justice and protest, to adjacent hatchet, but not the palace balcony for more than three hours. And here's the picture of them. With a big, not only is he on the balcony, but a big banner. How the hell to get up there and how to get that thing up. There's his super dads of fathers for justice, fighting for your right, for your right to see your kids. And then he's got his website, www.fathers-forjustice on a fathers-daysfore-dashjustice.org. Not a dash. Yeah. The protest, he's standing on the ledge to the right-hand side of the main balcony at the front of the palace on a fruited banner that said, super dads of fathers for justice. Two other intruders ran off after helping the demonstrator penetrate the palace grounds. Police said the men were detected by security cameras as they scaled palace railings. Well, I sure did a good job of stopping at that point. How come they didn't unleash the hounds? The hounds of the baskerville? Yeah, those are the ones. The hounds, man. The needle wasn't. We're all security was reviewed after a daily mirror report. I got a job at Buckingham Palace as a servant before US President George W. W. State, they're doing a state visit to Vember last year. Stand up to meet in Aaron Barcheck. Also, how are they the lack security by gate crashing? I think Prince William 21st birthday party at Windsor last year in June. It's not Windsor, raceway by the way. Where Marty Adler called the races. How you know Marty A? Violence. I thought the mission was accomplished already. Wasn't it? See, I thought everything we had peace in our hand. Like, his and your told us during Vietnam and by the way, I don't know about you. But I'm getting really sick and tired of hearing any more about Vietnam. We shouldn't forget the lessons learned. There are about wars that are being fought for no good reason at all. And that's why it's right. In that case, the Gulf of Talking Resolution be it's all these things. We just keep repeating the same mistakes. But quite frankly, all of this business about this memo and this, and the Disney, which how come CBS didn't have all the information back before Bush was running the first time, huh? So we went ahead and go through this four years of hell as to resahines Kerry Schwarz said, right? Four years of hell. And that's a compliment. That's an understatement. A US helicopter gunship farted Iraqis milling around a burning US vehicle and Baghdad on a Baghdad street on Sunday, one of Iraq's bloodiest days for weeks, in which at least 110 people died in clashes around the country. I bet you they're really ought to be grateful to us, don't you think? Candied brother tremendous peace and tranquility we brought to their country. The health ministry said the worst casualties were in Baghdad, where 37 were killed and calipharned the Syrian border were 51 more people died. In Baghdad, witnesses and officials said 13 people died in 61 wounded during fierce battles in the area where the gunship, the US, the gunship fired. The city also suffered at least seven car bombs in various out-brace of violence, and surgeons fired at dozen mortar bombs or rockets around the US occupied green zone compound. It was one of the heaviest barages in the capital in months. South of Baghdad street polis soldiers were killed, we went to when they were technore villa. And it goes on and on over here on this street, there are not three all over the place. Even though a mission is accomplished, maybe, especially at Abu Gharaib. Maybe we'll get some more ideas for this poll today. Okay, because we probably should take a few calls between now 130, even over here, extraordinarily rushed for time. That's our new deal on this show. It's the condensed neorajas show, kind of like a warden's condensed milk or condensed movies or condensed books things like that. 560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines, which people, which group of people treat women the worst, so far the Muslims have got it. Don't be a jerk, I don't make a word that Berkha, please, enough of that crap already. 148, Orthodox Jews 15, white trash, trainer trash, red next 10. Catholic Church 7, Hispanic 6, Italian 6, Japanese got 4 now. There you go. Hmm, and Blacks 4. WQA, hello. QA, yes sir. I think K-Man, open the book. Yeah, okay, WQA, hello. QA, and by the way, go back to New York, ask like, yes sir. Neil, I was wondering if that's a make-as climbed up on your vacation spot, wish list. Yeah, it's number one with a bullet. WQA, hello. Great read, it's just a QA, yeah. These people have been cooped up for a while now, okay? It's time to let them fly the coop so to speak. See you, everyone. You want to speak to me, you want to go to those schools? No. No. No. Well, the careeers are high. I really dig those heat through clothes. And their eyes are free and those are hair. It's too bad they got their dead snow. The push trends are so smoky. When they make those campings die. Well, they got their looks back and from there my thick-eyed country came from there by. Yeah. I've got a lot of things to do with all of them. Oh, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I wish they all could be by the fish and skirt. You didn't hear that? Well, they were. The actresses and models they just don't do with me. Yeah, all girls, they end the whole wide world. I like you want to live in DC. I wish they all could be by the fish and skirt. They all could be by the fish and skirt. I thought that the evening only forbidden to hear is like on high cook now. Right now because we got very little time. So little. What we got about? I want 45 minutes left. Yeah. Yeah. Didn't you have a chance to say hello today because we had to squeeze in some of those spots because, Well, you understand. I do. And somebody out of past the word along the Robert Creeper. He has nothing to do with this show, okay? There's a little. The only reason he's still in the building is because he's our program director Josh aka Clarence Deros boyfriend. That's the only reason he's still got the job in there. But yeah, we're going to handle that even though he's just so hitting little right winged you. But other than that. So if he thinks he's going to like start trying to pawn spot he ain't the traffic. Don't have with her a log, okay? Robert. Don't mess with her log. By the way, she is about two feet tall now. The water not see what happened to that pitch. Man. That day that Bokebron and I were leaving last whatever the hell was two weeks ago. Elevator Dore opens and there she is. I'm a step-toner. She comes up to your ankle. So I think maybe she just I don't know. Authenticity backed on bush documents is if anybody really cares because this is all such garbage, man. After CBS news on Wednesday, Trump had newly discovered documents that refer to when 1973 effort to sugarcub president Bush's service record and the Texas air national guard. The network almost almost immediately faced charges that documents were forgeries with typography that was not available on typewriter's use at that time. But specialist interviewed by the Boston Globe and some other news organizations say the specialized characters used in the documents and the type format were comment common to elective typewriters and why used nearly 70s when Bush was a first lieutenant. And then of course they got this deal about why all the lieutenant Colonel Jerry Killian he wasn't even in the guard at that time. And the bottom line is that we got a draft dodging prison and vice president. That's the bottom line no matter how you fry it. And that's what Carrie should have been saying a long time ago and everybody else to it the very least, only Howard Dean, maybe if they're not if they're not going to butcher the rest of yeah if they don't have the balls on the rest of those days. Just turn him loose man. Let him get some ass. Just like that day that he unmatched time were just phony tear warning number 725,000. And told it like exactly like it was. Just keep the people on edge keep him scared like Michael Morse said keep everybody peeing in their pants and then of course this business well the main reason we want four more years of Bush is because he's strong on terror. Right. That's why the most grotesque terror attack ever on American soil happen under his watch. That's why they tell us to keep peeing in our pants because we can't control the terrorists that we can't round him up. We haven't found Osama yamama and willable and all those other lunatic schmata heads. But all put him in there again because he's doing just a fine job. And not only is he doing a fine job there but the economy is really swell. Yeah US air files chapter 11. So we got Delta laid off 80,850 million workers. You had united that's hanging on by a thread and now US scare file for bankruptcy protection yesterday for the second time in two years. Sounds like my brother. The chapter 11 filing in US bankruptcy court in Alexandria Virginia came after the airline was unable to obtain $800 million annual cost cuts from its workers unions. The airline head warring during toxic concerns were needed to avoid the bankruptcy filing. Customers should not notice any changes in flight operations are customer service because of this filing the airline said in a statement on its website. All bookings will be honored there are no changes to our ticketing policies they be saying. Bruce Lakefield US airways president chief executive set in the statement that paid to a pay-in-the-meat for the company the 7th largest airline to Conservates cash and proceed with its plans to overhaul the business and become a low-cost carrier. You following that? Yeah, a low-cost carrier like tango like what is some of the value debt? There you go. Oh yeah. How's that clown doing that they paid it on at that's fancy him to work? No. I'm not crazy about planes. I got paid it little clowns on the side. I just am not. You know there ain't nothing funny about value debt. Not anymore. How's national airlines doing that one to fly as to Vegas? Are they still flying the flights on the high? I don't know. I know they're in chapter 85 and 122 and then of course you got the TWDs doing real good and Eastern and all the other 85,000 airlines that have vanished disappeared because the economy is doing so great and because of that great. Thank you for those low gas prices Mr. President again by the way. We keep forgetting to say that every day. Well, I look at that tracking map and it feels me it makes me feel so much better about life. Anyone on another reason? Not only don't we need any more rain and wind and destruction and death. But now they're very little more excuses. Although of course at QAM is always an excuse why we can't do this and we can't do that and this one ain't doing this. But it seems like the whole everything you deal with now for these last three or four weeks. Oh well we can't get around with that because they're hurricane. And we have to cancel that meeting you wanted that because of their hurricane. Why don't you have to come up with some new and innovative excuses? You know what I'm talking about? You said do everything you've been trying to do for these last three weeks. Oh well we can't get to that because of their hurricane. Which people ethnic religious etc. Treat women the worst like crap and it is inexcusable unless of course they deserve it. Right. Huh? Maybe we ought to add that to the poll. I mean there are obviously some women and I was not talking about one this morning. I don't want to go into a whole thing on the air. You're what you wore. Right. Who happens to be the property manager in a building that I live here and does she just happens to be an Asteroid Dijk and she's got a crappy attitude and Scory you know. Like to just attack her with a broom handle. Do I do a what was his name? Abner. Louis Mugh. What was his name? Oh. Something like that. Yeah. In the argument when I'm talking about it. When they attack with a broom handle they assaulted it and assalt it in. That's not right. How come I can't remember that name? Well, because I'm running about 155 miles an hour here. Like a 33 and a 3rd RPM record go to like 172. 270 votes Muslims take the cake on this one baby. 188 what are we going to do about those schmata heads? Uh, guess bummer. White we're doing it. White trash 16 black 16 orthodox Jews 16. Hispanics 13 catholic church 8. He's got a lot of votes. You think we got to put that on there? I don't know. They'll get a lot of votes. You mark my words. They all deserve it. That's what some of you women hating the fast you'll say. And maybe you've got a point. WQA M. Hello. I have to go with hey. He's so good. Okay. Great. WQA M. Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good morning. Good evening. The dolphins I think are done. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Great. The Americans will say that to the Americans. How do we say that? One of the colleagues are there. I'm going to say that one of the colleagues are there. We got his fan. Okay, that cover, that cover's a lot of fish. I mean, we should put a broken down, but we don't have time to do that. Right? Right. We don't got time for Nick or Rob Williams, Puerto Ricans, Cubans, Venezuelans, Colombians, just this fix. Just garden variety. WCWM, hello. The attendance at the dolphin game was $60,000,500. Well, that's not bad. It was pretty good. Considering the circumstances, we'll see if that game wasn't so good, but the attendance was good. We're going to start somewhere. That's a lot of good. They got to start somewhere. There's the dolphin for you. Hope springs eternal in the breast of a dolphin, man. It's going to be great. That's not going to be pretty ugly. It's going to be pretty ugly. I told you that a long time ago, being the football expert that I am, told you that the Patriots were just unbeatable. The Tom Brady is God. And it just keeps on going. It's just amazing to me. I mean, Wayne must be a lot of bottom. Of course, you didn't have to get Mosuled Peace covered up. When you think, I wonder what you got there with. Big ball spot, which is his entire head. He probably have to cover it up with something like a doylier or something. Or maybe he could become a Jewish. He could become more than Xomera Schmoth all the time. Covered up the spot where they lobotomize. Maybe he could get him and Greg a tofer, a package deal. WCWM, hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning to you, sir. Did you have an heard you talk about the ball crowd, actually allegation of the instrument? Your brother was going to George was going to email something about that. They said they were going to. Yeah, John, you have to live it. Tim the L.A. Times actually Howard Stern, or what I'm talking about it. But anyway, just wanted to make sure you knew about that. Yeah, George was told me something we got side practice morning. He had a almost sexual liaison. Oh, no. Paul Krass. Yeah. Hold me, Tim. I think it's time to investigate Paul's crotch. But it's the fence once he was drunk. When it happened. I think they always. All right, later. Thanks for the good news. I'm ready to remind him because you started and tell me about that. Why don't you just facts me whatever you're going to be. I'm printing it up right now, but it's probably already in your email. I don't want to do my email. I'd rather have you facts me. You've got this email finished. Don't you understand while I'm doing the show? Open it up this email and that email and this email. It's just forget about it. It's just a very long. I don't care how long it is. Believe me. Trust me when I tell you. Paul's crotch. Paul's crotch. How do you like that? A homosexual affair. He makes Jim Baker look like a piker. Oh, hey, man. I just think you're right. So I'm going to have a listen. I have a listen. I have a listen. What? This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q 8. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Not the one with the dawn. Come with us. Back to Vietnam. Oh. That was. It's back in the news. We want to know. What did John Perry do? Those swift boats. Now they are making another run. Those swift boats. They could be terminally election. I've got a state of course for conjecture about things more than 30 years old. That was really bad. But it's still better than these negative ads. It's war. This campaign is a war. It's a war. That's the problem. Anyway, we got the Marlin pregame in 130 and then after the ballgame, we got Mo. Well, I don't know what to say. Well, how are they better than the big seven. We have a lot of reputation. You've got Mo in the big. This story is just made my day my week. It made my life because there's another religious colony. Man, all you suckers out there are you fools that fall for this bull crab. What do you got to wake up and sniff the damped hills in the pansies? And the lilac's in Rochester. Tel Avangel is Paul Croch who attempts to keep a queues are quite. Thank you very much for reminding me about this caller. See what's in a way to get a call it's worthwhile. Indeed. I want to review years. Stop. Turn it man. This from the LA Times. What else is started? Tel Avangel is Paul Croch. Founder the world's largest Christian broadcasting network. His wage day fierce legal battle to prevent a former employee from publicizing allegations that he him Croch had a sexual encounter eight years ago. Croch's 70 is prison to the notorious Trinity broadcast in that work based in Orange County, California, whose Christian programming reaches millions of suckers around the world by a satellite cable and broadcast this doesionis. The source of the allegations against him is Enek. Enek La Ne Ford, who met Croch as a, an a TV-an affiliated drug treatment center in 1991 later went to work for the ministry. After four threatened the suit TV in the 98 claiming that he had been unjustly fired, Croch reached a $425,000 settlement with him and returned for to greet among other things not to discuss his claim about a sexual encounter with a TV preacher. But in the last year, four distrended to go public with his story, prompting a Fourier of legal maneuvers conducted in closed court hearings. Sealed pleadings in private arbitrations. In court papers, Croch's denied the allegations and ministry officials have described four to as a history of drug problems and served time for a sex offenses a liar and extortionist. At stake are the public image of one of the world's most successful telepangelists. And potentially, the fortunes of the broadcasting empire that Croch and his heavily made up wife Jan. Oh my God. Over the last 31 years. TV and in Croch, one on the legal offensive after they learned that Ford had written a book manuscript that included an account of the alleged sexual encounter in a dramatic flourish for it appeared at a TV and broadcast through the encostemesa California, minutes before the start of a praiseathon fundraiser and without common headed Croch's a copy of the manuscript. Ford's lured later told men's be officials that they could keep the work out of public, a view by buying the rights. After some discussion is suggested that 10 million might be a reasonable price. Lonegochet and continued Croch sued the win force that 98 secrecy agreement obtained a restraining order borrowing Ford from seeking a publisher for his book. Orch, maybe a very flukken publisher. The paper finds that brought in Texas that Bush knocked up. Orange County Superior Court Judge John Watson also granted Croch's request to conduct the case in secret, Celia Aldochimus, expunging any mention of the suit from public court records. Both sides eventually agreed to let a private arbitrator decide the matter in June. The arbitrator ruled that Ford could not publish the manuscript without violating the 98 settlement, and act that could subject him to monetary damages. This account of the controversy is drawn from interviews with friends of Ford's on sealed court records and correspondence among TV and lawyers copied the arbitrator's confidential rulings. The arbitrator's decision contains details about the 98 settlement and the force manuscript both of which are under sealed. Where does it go on? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? We're the good. Let's see. Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Where do we find it? Did we find it? It runs out. We find it. Where do we find it? This is the new policy putback. Oh, this is a butcher this thing then use the rented studio in Santa Ana, I'm not gonna read anymore this because they know why they want to make the whole thing Yeah I do like that Go on and on with details about who put what where and this and this one Was there any passion involved up? Whoo, that's right there was no passion so then it's kosher, okay? Oh, I see a circumstance So Paul Crochon, other one of course alleged we believe it Jim Baker Jimmy Swagger all these phony's man Ernest Ainsley with that bad Peace that even mold wouldn't wear WQA and hello. Yeah, I know yes, sir So you know, obviously this is the boy that cried wolf syndrome with the you know Mrs. Norcross and Mrs. Kamala on the on the TV So where we supposed to take it the next time they come on and start screaming that doesn't that is a you know a hurricane or for the tip of Africa But what does that mean? Well, I mean they give us an Advisory so far in advance. Yeah, they have 17 different models Yeah, and not one of them whichever this fall west. Okay, well next What what did you talk about this far West? How about when it got to like down there by Jamaica mine? They didn't know where it was going you're an idiot. That's all I can tell you an idiot I mean, I'm not gonna stick up for those to an addition Which if you had any brains if you watched either Don Noah or what's his name rollin stutham and not those two hyperbated li- hyperventilating pansies Man, what an idiot. Well, we're all off the watch today First they weren't even hyperventilating a bottom because we were busy dealing with Francis at that time. I mean, but remember Francis Yeah, our lean Francis watch my line you bet By the way, poker. I think you're just just showed up downstairs. It's about freaking time. Well, the power to hurricane Yeah, oh, it's bigger the hurricane. I want to tell you right now I saw the last the last ten minutes of that abortion on Friday night. That's my look. I was there I'm gonna tell you right now that FSU is the biggest bunch of gagging choking girls It is a girl's school FSU. It's a freaking little girl's school. Yes, it is man They choke in a gag this time. But wasn't wide right it was just uh, well, they all must have left the field a few minutes too soon there What a joke that was and then blow the damn thing at overtime. That was pathetic and I also want to say this Those black socks. I haven't talked about this for a long time Didn't it wasn't one black sock scandal enough when you think for sports on 19 19 the black socks No, that wasn't enough now they hurt coolens. I got those black socks if that don't make those guys look like a team on against the school I don't know what does not really give a damn about what's the name Donna and her shall leave me I don't care she likes it. I'm not I you know what I'm talking about? No, you don't know what I'm talking about I don't I'm not gonna try to educate you you're you're you're sad Even hanging out with at the goofball to much Dave and boring The black socks and the black shoes man take a look at it next time they play some of the girl's school take a look at it When they play like you're Shiva or vansher The exploration that I have a 10 year federal ban on assault weapons means firearms like AK 47 And then couldn't if we got to get the good stuff on here one moment please The exploration that I have a 10 year federal ban on assault weapons means firearms like AK 47 Oosies and tech nine Can I be legally bought a development that is critics upset and gun owners of course, please because America love their guns They polish him. They rub them they squeeze him. They coveted them they filed them 94 banned signed by president Clinton outlawed 19 types of military style assault weapons A clause directed that the ban experiment was Congress specifically we authorized it which of course it did not because they have no balls The exploration of the band is a victory for the National Rifle Association which it made loving against the legislation One of its top priorities remember they were talking about how they were gonna have an office right next to the president Studies them by pro and anti gun groups as well as the just department show conflicting results in whether the band would help reduce crime No, I think it's really a great idea especially who don't was talking about this was it curious today or somebody else About the fact that right in the alkaiahan books that they found Oh, they talked about how easy it is to buy a salt weapons in America. This was pre-94 And about how they ought to buy him and go out and start shooting up schools and shopping mall stuff like that Gun shop owners say the exploration of the ban will have little effect on the types of guns of accessories They're typically sold and trade across their counters every day at the boysy gun company gunsmith just in Davis last We grabbed up a plastic rifle resembling the US military standard issue M16 from a world more than a dozen similar weapons stacked against the wall These civilian version of the gun a call AR-50 manufactured before 94 could be sold last week Just as easily it could be sold this week. It shoots exactly the same animal exactly the same right afar. He said Many states including California master chusets New York and Hawaii have passed their own laws Curving the use of assault weapons some of these are more stringent than the federal ban US representative butch otter Republican or Idaho trumpeted at the end of the federal law President Clinton so called assault weapons ban was nothing more than a stop to anti gun liberals Audissette Friday in the written statement and provided only the illusion of reducing vandalist But it did real damage to our liberties while thank god that the Republicans don't want to do no damage to our liberties right Right damn it What a joke and half of America's buying into it Keep thinking about those goofballs that said well, you know once we get past that magic figure of a thousand American deaths in Iraq Then at that point the a public is really gonna rise up and get pissed off with motion Farah dry They're dying like flies over there right now and a public is going Like that. Oh, he's good against terrorism and he's strong Only the most inept political party with the most inept candidate could possibly be in this position on the precipice of disaster Seven weeks from now from tomorrow's matter effect as the Democrats just pathetic tragic Count on them Toresque us from fascism not Anyway, can't it a certain look pretty good a 12 13 at 560 WKM. We don't have any hurricanes either right now Armstrong for to home to once clear their lots and sell off all remaining O4's here just some of the great deals waiting for you as I speak in O4 f150 pickup You pay just a dollar over in voice new O4 explorers just a dollar over in voice Rangers crowned vicks torsis and focuses are all waiting for you. It's just a buck over in voice Right now at Armstrong for to homestead plus these folks offer you more vetted their law customers when you buy a Ford from Armstrong for it You'll always get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program that is absolutely correct tires and batteries for a life The venue you'll get Armstrong for doesn't stop there because right now you can get yourself a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy If you're pressed for time to bring these hectic days and so photo Armstrong for knows that your time is tight So call this number 305 24751 12 and chop right over the phone. I'll even go over that new vehicle right to you in your storm shelter Armstrong for to homestead locally owned and operated. I'll treat you just like family you won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in town No bait and switch no phony deals either Armstrong for to homestead There are 307 25 South Dixie highway just 20 minutes south of 836 check them on the web at armstrong cars dot com Grab a little and save a ton of cash on that new Ford only at armstrong Ford of homestead 16 I've done the pre the guy who showed you how to make money running small classified ads in newspapers all over the country now I'm gonna show you how to make even more money robbing small financial institutions all over the country I was skeptical but does this really works? I got my kid on Monday and by Tuesday I was one in five states. I'll teach you step by step how to pull off a typical armed robbery from Case in a joint so making a clean getaway to taking the last ditches with done new system I made a ship to make my big income No, don't let me borrow you And it's so easy to get started all it takes is a handgun a ski mask and a desire to succeed I'm a full-time mom, but thanks to Zon the free my mini the inner-stoward getaway car Hold on, it's the fun To get the cash to order time lepreys making money by taking money system Just right a hold-up note for 3995 and show it to any bank teller Probably teens to what about pause crotch? How am I gonna do about that? It was after leaving you about it And now what I said before at near the we might think I said it right. Yes close I double check because I thought that I would add in. I don't know what kind of an English ad Haitian is what it is Don't I was a brum handle? They did yes, they did Maldor they were boys haven't found you know how it is for turnity kind of things. Oh yes, I do New my doom variance could forward major attack the rival of four new variants of the my doom worm and screw-in is Pretty excited about it Within the last few days his anti virus experts word that the virus creator maybe preparing to release a major onslaught George had a good idea what we do with these punks that invent all these viruses and spread them all around and We were arguing debate was aluminum better baseball bad. I say aluminum because of the nice I say I say nice Louisville slugger would be good. Yeah, like the pinging sound in aluminum bat make now it's a head a what sound don't say it again a Sound Thursday afternoon last week my doom You the W and X all appear with a couple of hours of one another None the variants is especially worse and more innovative on its own but taken as a whole that's what they W the release of four versions so close together was of some concern experts said the last time so many variants of one virus Release and such a short period of time was in July when four minor versions of the bagel virus emerged Oh, followed by a major new strain Let's talk about was coming this morning. My baby does the morning strain Anti virus researchers say the my doom author could be following a similar pattern the last time this happened Was with bagel they go or would have a lot of locks and cream cheese and next one was a big one said Sam Curry Never relation to kid curry rest rather than the each press security division at computer associates International in his land in New York plus He says we're getting close to the end of the alphabet lot of times these Z and doubly variants have some extra impact Some extra like yeah like that Well so many worms and so little time Fcc finds another Florida radio pirate good A right excellent on your radio pirates out there should be locked up in the same cell with Sodom And let and and we ought to rely on the commit Sodom on allia Tampa resident Fritzner Simon Fritzner Okay, so like a crowd Exactly Was fine 10 grand by the commission after we confessed to operating an unlicensed FM station in the Tampa area at 87.9 FM megahertz The FCC also detected in the legal radio station operating in 102.1 from a homoir Simon's car was parked But Simon claimed his wife and her friend were driving the car that day and the park car was there for not his ride just a coincidence Meanwhile the FCC canceled a $10,000 penalty of hand imposed against Brooklyn the York based hip hop corp after the company proved that And the not been the operator the Tampa power well good for them Screw you FCC okay you bunch of lunatics go deal with something important okay like murderers and rapists Stop using our tax money to wear up stick the word police in our face okay? The keeps censoring and censoring and butchering the first amendment as only as you fascists can do Democrats Republicans the whole bunch of all five of you lunatics there okay screw you Man do they suck the FCC sucks just keep saying it open up the window like how our bill said yell it out the window the FCC sucks the FCC blows screw the FCC in fact FCC how do you like that? Anyway That get out of my system a little bit So sick and tired of this censorship and I'm already that but the public buys into it Oh, yeah, well, it's a good idea all this disgusting filth on the airwaves. It's bad for our children. What the hell just happened on my home page? Uh-oh How do I have this shop? Now a thing come up there. You know what I just got you talking about it. There it is How the hell do that happen and now I can't get back onto my page again Are you on it? Are you looking at our home page? Yeah, wait a minute I got a kid not be displayed When I tried to what the hell is going on there? Maybe that's the worm I was just talking about. Maybe somebody stuck that wicked worm Maybe we're having issues Well, do you think that's just a coincidence? No, how do you like that? I just get through a redneck story about that wicked worm and all of a sudden Wow How do you like that? I'm gonna go back to my explorer and check that thing out again. Let's see what's gonna pop up here, okay? Because if it's that evil thing I just had on air. It's taking an awfully long time. It's taking a long time Eric what's going on here man? All I can say is Holy moly No, sir, did I speak then some punk out there who needs to be beaten brutally with a baseball bat a low-ville slug or wooden baseball bat Must have unleashed something right up Eric's old Bracom shoot He's checking it out now, but I can't reload the page. I can't either All I got is it's so it's cursing It's doing a lot of cursing but kicking up and that's like only seconds after I got through with this thing. Honey like that Coincidence more in downrights do I have time for the edge sure it on our website if you can get on it He says Westerns and Easteans. It's a remarkable feat but T-Dre tottering John Kerry has even managing to land on both sides of the ambition issue Sorry we couldn't find it a page. It says I might think now For his entire life Kerry was seen as so ambitious to be present as so eager to consort with There was says that it was off putting His same-palk classmates played hail to the chief on Kazooz when he walked by and in the Senate Bob Dull mocked the Massachusetts senators love of cameras by nicknamed me him Live shot, but this summer I guess we ought to call Bob Dull in shot But this summer when that lustre power should have been coursing through his veins Mr. Kerry grew timid and low-key He let the bush crowd and swiftbow character set and stop all over him and for longest time didn't fight back He stumbled into every trap bush ink said Finally the only Democrat who's fined off the wasp call the honies reminded the nominee of the prepschool mantra Pudge the bully in the face and do it in the same new cycle When he hasn't been busy with his quadruple bypass operation bill Clinton has been chatting with John Kerry on the phone from the hospital urging him to juice it up The Clinton posse James Carville Paul Bagelajor law card Mike McHorey staying greenberg landing Davis as Intervene to prop up the sagging leadership of Bob Schrum who headed by Mr. Kerry not to go negative and allowed the once hot John Edwards to vanish without a trace Mr. Kerry listened to Schrummy despite the fact that the strategist renown for his speech writing talents and not even given his candidate a single stirring speech Writing about the curse of Schrummy in the Washington Post Mark Leaver, but said it's common to see him in the backseat of a card room by a young aide and image That reinforces a somewhat regal bearing He loves gourmet food and fine wines and at suits handmade by a Georgetown tailor not unlike Greg Reed Democrats are rolling their eyes at the spectacle of a former president in the hospital bed resuscitating a would be president Howardine had the base all warmed up and now Kerry's turned into a girly man set a democratic insider Comparing it with a scene in the godfather with a singer Johnny Fontaine shows up At the wedding of Donald Corleone's daughter and winds that the studio chief is being mean to him Mr. Bush and Mr. Cheney jumped in the polls because they cast their convention as a western There were the magnificent seven steely odd gunsling semi-riar writing in the save the frightened town Rudy Giuliani John McCain Arnold Schwarzenegger's cell Miller Dick Cheney George W. Bush and poppy Bush Who's on I'm is comparing jimister Kerry with Jane Fonda Device president played up the western motif by giving ABC an interview with his Wyoming ranch the cowboy writing tall in the saddle and holding the reins for a little girl on her pony Could have been Shane wrote all this elicent restamely or TV watch calm in the times After nine eleven Americans want tough guys will protect them from alkata They seem to be willing to settle for an impersonation club guys by mr. Bush mr. Cheney or so busy with their vanity Were an Iraq that they miss critical opportunities to vanquish alkata and spent money on a foreign occupation that could have been used to secure American ports Come up with plans before they'd bezel and tragedy to protect children from terrorists But the White House has cleverly collected the imagery of westerns. They've been mr. Kerry to start in a far less successful movie genre the Eastern In westerns they heroes are men of smoke about edicts and action played out encourages and on their ranches and Eastern's They heroes have windy nuanced dialogue delivered with a lock draw and mansions on beacon hill and on wincering expeditions off man tuck it And eastern's the defeat heroes get up seven or on kind of people join their botan clubs and quibble and the style of late George Appley about the rules when suit jackets must be worn In westerns they hero three women folk with gallantry but tell them to stay back in eastern's to resurried shotgun and cause the opposition idiots There's a reason eastern's never cut on a Hollywood high-tea in a drawing room is just not as compelling as high noon in the town square He's the worst outdoors show of the creek with George W. Bush How to folks I'm George Debbie Bush and today I'm a see if I can't land me a big old large mouth And I ain't talking about my comor Nope Possibly large mouth. I'm talking about fishes or is I call them weapons of fast destruction Get it fast destruction Okay, I got a bite Yep remember fishes is like a Osama bin lot Yeah, you got a real man nice and slow Hey, look here it is what the oh man this is nothing but all boot You know something folks we really ought to do something about cleaning up our lakes and rivers Nah When we come back George trades in his real or a libel Yes, man my bird dog Barney are gonna go hunting her spotted out I'm sorry boy, I don't worry about you guys pretty more late Next on the creek with George W. Bush Okay, it's 133 now I got the thing back here briefly, but now looks like it's having all kinds of problems Yeah, Eric says we're getting attacked by somebody here in South Florida a bail South customer no less Really yeah, they're launching what's called a DOS attack which I just found out about but I had a nice chat during the break about Eric I mean with Eric about what it is Denial of service attack which means that he's flooding our website with a whole bunch of requests on purpose to try to bind it up and cause it to To slow down the or and or crash He did yeah, you came back for like a fraction of a second there. My legs back up. Oh, it is yeah Well, how come my name? I don't know maybe you need to do new medications. Okay. One second Back up yet I'm gonna like restart So in other words some jackass done or you're telling me that anybody can do this kind of crap I don't know about anybody obviously anybody that knows how to do it. Well, isn't that a beautiful thing like I said baseball Batchers take a man William What what what what what what what tell you aluminum Never hear aluminum bat bounce off of somebody's head. Yes. I broadcast you in baseball for a hundred There for our whims man No, you're wrong good hard Louisville slugger all right And anyway, it's a 26 till one we got the mariles speaking of that what a great segue Marlins I'm decked 130 both today and tomorrow From Chicago from US Senator Field a game is boom move over there and of course isn't it ashamed now let me ask you this Of course if they would have done that then they would have been night games It was a really good idea for them to stay there in Chicago They're not gonna change that one tomorrow. Are they gonna come back? No, that would be bad because you never hope that hurricane made a you turn right That's right. It's the lightest thing that you turn an S-turn and come right back. It's off lower than I'm sure the weather theory is trying so pedal lab crap ever says yes anyone can do it Well, isn't to any website I guess yeah, well, that's just a beautiful thing and goes to sure like I said so little time and so many idiots Is yours the operating now? Yes good and what do you do to stop it? I guess that's Eric's job Well Josh ought to be able to tell us he's the computer maven I don't know Excellent answer 567.0560 pound 560 for the Verizon wireless and singular wireless lines wow I'm just one that thing is finished rebootin and we uh hootin. We'll see what's going on with mine. Okay WQAM hello All right, that was it that was our one call made they expired that was a middle of our call Boy, there's something really yeah, I can smell them all away up here WQAM hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay um You familiar with a program I think it's show time or one of the show times Ananteller most bit No, probably about it never seen it It's pretty interesting they pick a topic and basically rated over the calls not unlike something you might do but They got some good stuff to say less and I think they had a 12 step programs for one segment and body sculpting You know basically Religious fanatics and stand-ups now Beauty Okay, well I'll I'll I'll troll for it. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a great day. What do you say? 400 votes on the poll. I got a back Well Eric is gonna have to do a little more strain into what's the name of it? He will uh, you know report them and all that and see what happens He has He's got the IP address he will report them to bell-south and hope they cancel the guys account Oh really sir, we know where it's coming from he does yeah, he has that ability Excellent good well I like I said on Friday what we're gonna do right there on the corner by Chuck Subcenter on the corner of Ivory and 441 right We're gonna get the guy we're gonna tie him to a Poll to the light poll there on the corner vibes dairy and we're gonna have everybody come by take turns your choice Of aluminum bat or a Louisville slugger wouldn't bat would whichever you prefer Whichever would feel I mean the problem with the wooden bat is it might break and I probably get right a Worst thing from in your hands where is the aluminum bat right even if I think that's still a good for fewer wax which people ethnic Religious etc. Treat women to worst Muslims to 78 Blacks 29 white trash trader parked trash 24 orthodox do 17 his spanix 14 14 tree women like crap Catholic Church 13 they all deserve a 10 they all deserve a 10 see Japanese nine and Italians only six mom mommy only six he should be hard net Yeah Titan the women belong in the kitchen pregnant bear put the whole deal at real old fashion crap like like mama call the only what was her name again? I was trying to think about about yesterday Morgana very thank you. She's dead by the way very sad. She's dead love Morgana King too Mama mama jalla Luna that but I said was that was that was so good In fact, I think tomorrow we put a ball game for our short show I just play that whole another wedding scene from the guy father. We'll just put that music And then every now and then just remind people that other story I have you We can place Some drop-ins from the odd father 5670560 pound five's and by the way one o'clock you feel free to go to lunch or do something because we have nothing but spots for Half hour basically before the ball game pregame show comes on one thing we don't be S. Yeah, man Well, we're like when we got nothing to offer you. I'll tell you But be sure listen to the spots and the right And as our fine sponsors one of it might be funny. Yeah, one of my actually have something good to sell come to QM hello Sure go Like who the prep you know like the recording Oh wait a minute. How about Jax? Okay, thank you. Okay, thanks. I think I cut them off guard. No Yeah, yeah, yeah, right Jax and X John just put Jax Always a jack how about fraternity guys This was yeah, yeah, that's what he had mine You know the ones that like to yeah, fret boys that's good fret boys and Jax You know the guys it like to run naked together with each other on the beat Different place people are tense rude and irritable, but now there's hope It's the choice of Heinz Harry book of etiquette Here's your chance to learn from one of the etiquette trendsetters of our day It's someone you would take you take a deep breath smile at them and they ripped the heart out the Theresa Heinz Harry book of etiquette gives you hints on how to handle awkward social situations Oh, just The Theresa Heinz Harry book of etiquette I don't have my broadness Let me think of it I Hello, I am Theresa Heinz County. I know five languages that makes me smarter than you I am a billionaire that makes me richer than you I have been married to two politicians that makes me a whole lot unhappy other than you So just buy my damn book sit down and shut up And if you don't like what I am saying Show that the Theresa Heinz Harry book of etiquette is available wherever fine Amen to get that here dump where to place bitch 1245 at five so kind of tough on the first lady if you're first lady Remember that guy called I'm Rick and all are both in as well the zirp That's sirp the Dido head that's all she's just another dido head especially that thing about stem cell research What a lame ass bitch are for in the guy called pretty tough on the first lady honey? Get lost okay, glones squeeze your piece you idiot somebody passes in says the Mormons now You said before the show today the Mormons and I immediately thought of Marie Osmond And she's had a lot of problems This is true. I hadn't thought of that. Yeah, so figure that out. I didn't know the Mormons were a bad of their women Well, the whole polygamy thing remember which they pretend is not a part of Mormonism anymore right But what's bad about that if the women get to share? Think about it. Our George is running out to join the Mormon church. There's a right down by my house. Is matter of fact right on is more than In your case, yeah 567.0560 pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines Let's get a few really great calls on here this next 15 minutes because after one o'clock I would say well I mean you never want to you know make any preliminary judgments, but oh God about it Yeah I think we just what we ought to do in a one o'clock hour till 130 is just run our regularly scheduled What we got the 12 spots in here and then whatever once we still didn't get from the Howard Stern show this morning That they wanted to stick in our show and we said Anyway, huh, and then just leave well. And then just leave I mean you talk about an abortion man They ought to be getting picketed by the right to life groups out there Erics us yes that he called Bell South got a very nice person on the phone emailed all of the pertinent information to him The guy said that he'd get right on it Excellent right so you lose your out there you schmuck We hope you're having a wonderful time. We're gonna near your ass right to that lamp post neighbor But come and give you a little spiking okay, yeah, you'll be crying your eyes In fact we might even turn muffloos on you. How do you like that? Why your strips start negative that lamp post? WQAM hello QAM Yes, sir Sounds like me yeah I know No, yeah, can I have to go first and um QAM Let me see Hello, yeah, I have an important question if the mowons get well hits today. You still got donuts That's a good question. I don't get it But you don't get it because you don't follow the marlin's name. Oh, you don't restate explain it to me. Tell me maybe Josh can explain it to you Well at the home game right if they get 12 hits you get 12 free donuts from crispy cream Ah, and they're technically the home team Right so good question that's an excellent question and in fact that may be the most important call we've taken this year Because you know what they said crispy cream you can't eat only six Wow, well we'll find out I guess maybe the best way to do is go over to crispy cream and find out because certainly the marlins are gonna be a more in 12 hits against the expose Especially US Senator Field in Chicago. Well, yeah, you need a ticket to get those donuts so if you come back from Chicago with a ticket why not? Yeah Well, what about if they didn't go to Chicago, but they got a ticket How about people that have seasoned tickets, huh? They've already got their tickets. We regardless of where the game is played at through the home team He just got through saying that we know that it's a home game. Let's be played in Chicago Right right well, I demand my damn donuts and I want to write now Mr WQAM hello No chance No, no listen and how come you're not at that game because you're supposed to be at all a home games holding day van boring's hands trying to do some up a little bit It's a home game That's right, but this company is too much of a cheap ass off of the venue of the Chicago George can relate to that. He'll tell you. Yeah, I know about it. WQAM hello Yes, sir Did you see yesterday morning on the meet the press and this week they had metal and all right call them pal He interviewed Did you the difference in the way the madam law bright? She thinks that she has a authority she makes you feel like you know, yeah, she's pretty much man She could she could squawk with her toenail. That's right She step on you nobody ever see again like our cockroach He's for and he's for arms and let it be put above and yeah I was not too happy with that information He's just a show he ought to be ashamed of himself. Oh, he's a Jamaican house boy like how Harry ball is what he said? Yeah But it I don't know. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I'll say how to condolize 567 see doesn't go to just try to stir crap. You're not full anybody pal Just trying to stir up a bunch of crap. I can smell it pound five 60. I and that's doctor rise to you. Okay, pal He's right doctor rise not condolize. I don't think you know where that way. I'd get to be called a buyer first name real condolize Yeah Oh, I do like this one That's doctor rise to you Look at her and I know I summoned him with her Let me ask you something did she have a husband doctor rice? I don't know. I don't believe so. I don't think so no Maybe she's married to her work Maybe W. K. I am hello. Hey, you doing pretty good I want to know what the think is what I would just answer what the guy is bitching about And then I'd be very specific and I'm listening to all that all I don't understand what they're crying about I would turn show, but he's talking about All right, I'm here this is your career doesn't always on the air. What are you talking about your career? Well, I don't think that's where I thought you're kind of about The church shows boss and this is the other thing. I want to what the boy wants a big stick is what the big to do is I have all over you have blow your nose and take a good with okay, what do you be a big thing? smuck Is there a big stink going on all I said is that we're not gonna run the spots in our show We're not gonna allow the station to hoard this show to run spots that don't run during their steering show When he doesn't feel like they're gonna commercial break. That's their problem. Okay. That's part of his show He don't want to take any commercial breaks while they're and so well. I guess okay smuck and by the way go back to New York. Oh, they don't want to take them in A lot of those New Yorkers man They're not allowed back in I don't want mention no name. That's a looted. WQAM hello Yes, sir Niel yeah, hey, I just wanted first from a telegrade phone go back to New York, please. Okay, I want to come back in your previous question Yes, what to ask you question. We're in the Florida Drivers manual Does it say that one is rain and really hard like a torrential down point to speed up to have your flashers on Let me say this to having your flashers on while you're driving his illegal It is absolutely having your hazard lights on. It's illegal and only a moron would do that and there a lot of them there as you know Hey man, they're drower than we're and we're and Pond Beach and all over that stupid ass state. Okay, that that festering swamp That's a good point man. I really frost my ass Vain what that means that means I'm a scared it means I'm a moron. No, and it more or Well, I goes without saying I'm a scared well if you're scared get off the road That's one of the biggest problems with Florida driving which we've been talking about this eight million time Day for the last eight million years, but I think gonna get any better believe me But the bottom line is if you're scared get off the road including if you're over the age of a hundred and you're sitting on 14 telephone books And you're trying to peer over the top of the steering wheel and you're going like about 25 miles an hour in the left hand lane where the speed limit is like 45 And you're causing other people to damn you're wreck each other because they're just desperately trying to get around you because they'd like to get home before Midnight sometime and it's like about 7 30 in a morning you idiots Have your flashers on as this man says why you're driving whether it's raining clear pavement whatever to say I mean, you know have like a flat tire or something like that and you're pulling off the road You can put them on for a second or two while you're two or three or four to alert other people that you got some kind of una problem A carande it means your stops and But it basically means that you're stopped and you got a problem and you're off on the shoulder of the road or off to the right of the road somewhere and that's what hazard lights are for not for flashing them while you're driving You don't have to turn on your hazard lights to let us know that it's raining a torrential downpour and then nobody can see what hell are going We already know that okay, or even if it's not a torrential downpour if it's drizzling they turn the end It is morons Come in you QAM hello QAM hello What is it? How you doing? Okay, you have the people with the hats and lights on and then you have the people with the head lights off We need the light police that's what I say the light police. So can't think we've got a few of those Hey, man, light and a loafer police Yeah, that's that's what we need the light police may come nail in your ass Put your right of slam your right up against the name. We're asking your car hand-cop you take you off Give you like 10 to 20 right? Right take that broomstick and give me an annual oeema that you'll never forget How about you if you give it a broomstick to screw in? I don't want to go into it back in the day. I might discuss the possibilities You might discuss it where she would put it back them and anyway Well most witches have a broom closet. They got a big supply Which people treat and you notice we haven't had one woman call on this poor how many months ago is it since we had a woman call her on his show Right in addition to which for that needle from New York we'll talk about whatever now We want on this show we don't even any instructions about what I say about the steering show about robin about this Whatever we say okay, yeah, blow it out to your New York ass Anyway, which group of people treat women the worst 488 votes Muslims 235? There's the Ivan as this deadly hurricane. Oh, I apologize I had well plus green's voice on there. I thought it was somebody wanted to hear Who knew something he said just another fascist? Muslims 335 blacks 31 white trash yah who's 28 they all deserve it 23 see how fast that's moving up there Yeah, probably Tom like this is sick to the honest or the dog's always 20 yeah 363 Yeah, that the women hitting massage Is a crap Tom though the reason he hates with it. Yeah, I know I don't know what it is Orthodox dues 20 Catholic church 16 Hispanic 14 Japanese 10 Italian seven fret boys two Jocks two and not moments when I will say this a spag three women great one and a why why? Because we don't want a screw on Wow His reality show Is kicking put on TV another break already But his casinos Have gone into bankruptcy And all his debts He just cannot And Go me first He still has his hand, He'll have to fire himself. It's bad news for Trump. It feels like a Trump. He might even Trump Trump. From a tower called Trump. Yeah, he's taking his law. For Donald Trump. He might as well Trump. From a tower called Trump. It's bad news for Trump. What's going on? I'm going to take it right now, boys and girls. People with great talent, then their people with great luck. I would prefer the great luck myself, you know? Yeah, let's work. I was necessarily thinking about him, but you know what? I was thinking about him. I think he's a good luck. A lot of mousel is the Chinese say. I don't see the Chinese on there. Don't they treat their women with great respect? Anyway, I do know about those Chinese kitchen summons. Which people, ethnic religious and set retreat their women to worse? We get a pretty good 522 and now one woman called it on this, which is amazing. Muslim 354, light trash 31, black 31. They all deserve it 25. It's climbing up fast. Orthodox Jews 23, Catholic Church 16, his Spanish 15. Ben Kreebley. Japanese 10, Italian 7, France boys 5, Jocs 3, Mormons 2, that jogging. That's going to move up fast. WKML. I just came back to you. What's the deal with how it's fair? Being on your station, taking away your time. That's a great way for you as Kim. Great. I've been a long time with you guys. I love listening to you, children. Let me tell you something. Haven't struck quite a few times. I am going to call you station. Well, call Greg Reedon, bitch him out, baby. Greg Reedon, you've got it now. Okay, thanks. He won't return to call. He won't return to call. He's always in hiding. That's what Greg does best. Not managing. Yeah, it's the lady. Oh my god. Wow. Okay, I'll give you my opinion on the survey. Okay. It sounds like a big thing. I am trying to find out. I'm trying to find online the soundtrack for that little bit you do that. About 30 men. Is there another name for that? No, it's from a bit, which I guess I'll play it to the puff up. Can you tell me what you're doing? Can you try and get it on the web so that maybe we can hear it? No. I'm not the one that's playing the way you play. No, why can't we do that? We want to put the little bit or just the drop it. What you want to drop? I'd love that because I keep telling it to everybody and they don't know what I'm talking about. Okay, or it says Neil sounds on there. We'll get that on there. Thanks a lot. I love you, Joe. And you know what? Yes. Excellent. I'm ready. Okay. Because we got to do a break. I told you, I warned you. I give you the MSB to straight poop. Just like my good close personal friend. What have I got that under? I don't know what I got that under. Is it under Howard apologizes? What do I have that under? You know what I'm talking about? No. My moment please. Well, I'll find it. Hey, if you're on the egg ends, the South Beach Sugar Busters of any low carb sugar free diet. Head for a deal. I've got to go for years now. The lights are 7000 to low carb batters. And now the lights are focused on the rating of their 14th anniversary. With special discounts up to 50% off on low carb products. The cannabis resource, especially you can still save half off on all Atkins brand's food products and supplements. Don't forget the great selection of low carb break rhythms like delicious cheesecakes, breads, rules, fantastic brownies, and as always, it relates you can try anything in the store before you buy it. Their staff knows low carb dieting like nobody else know where and they're open every day to lights till 10 to PM. Don't forget the guarantee lowest price policy on all Atkins, Carverlight and purity life products. The lights of our spoke of Betts Greg's life on it that they won't be under soul. The lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market are column toll free at 1-877 low carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-I-N-Webets low carb dot com. Don't forget there's only one. The lights of West Boatken at your official Atkins retail center. You're listening to Neil Rogers. You're on campus to close the radio. On 560-60. Q-A-M. Two years later and say it took me a little while. I'm a little slow learner, but Neil, I apologize. It's way deal. You are the truth. Of salute. How? I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. Fuck, heard man. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. I buy jelly. Look at how P1 is 560. I'm just a slip in like one or two real quick things here. Because just don't have no time folks. But I did find time during that break to send Eric the about 30 drops so it'll be on there in about 30 minutes or so. Thank you so much. There you go, man. You ask and you get it. See how wonderful we are here on the Eroir to show a little we have left of it. But that's okay. Just don't try to just don't butcher up the little bit of the show we got left. Okay, Greg. Okay, screw in. You grave robbing bastards you. The Bush administration's three year war on terrorism is mounted away major failure of leadership and makes Americans more vulnerable, rather than more secure according to a new report by foreign policy and focus FPIF. A network of mainly progressive policy and security analysts. The report a secure American and secure world concludes that Washington's invasive Iraq in 2003 has proven counterproductive to US anti terrorism efforts and that the administration has failed to protect likely future terrorist targets at home such as seaporcent chemical plants like Senator Bobby Graham, Kate, Scuman and Yolbott, nobody's listening to him. Not only is Bushbilt a support effective reconstruction at Afghanistan, but is war in occupation in Iraq made the US more vulnerable and have opened a new front and recruiting tool for terrorists while diverting resource from essential homeland security if it's quarterly 50 page report. Not to mention all the resources from Afghanistan where the warlords are back in charge and its eye popping all over the place. Moreover, the administration is undermined to very advantage the claims to be defending by among other steps weakening the rule of both international and domestic law, restricting civil liberties at home and supporting dictatorial allies abroad according to the report, which was issued on the even the third anniversary of al-Qaeda's terrorist attacks on New York and Pentagon on Saturday. In other words, on Friday this becoming out. I like that. We don't. How come John Kerry isn't screaming in the L.U.S. these things? He started to make like a little, a little, you know, like Ripan Winkle after those 20 years were up when he started like stirring a little bit. It was in a deep coma for 20 years. And the same was the Fred Gwyn, aka John Kerry. Same thing. 113 at 5.60 WQA in the O'Dry Concepts for a long time over 25 years. They've been helping keep your carpets in mind clean and healthy. And now the folks at Rye Concepts stand right to help you return your house to normal if you had water damage from hurricane Francis. Rye Concepts is made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services. Help came in from all kinds of northern states with an abundance of equipment to help with the restoration process. So if you need help, here are these phone numbers. You ought to be calling the main number of dry concepts is toll free. 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. If you can't get through on that number, we've got a couple more for you. 3 is a matter of fact. 9-5-4-21-469-24. Or 9-5-4-449-276 or 9-5-4-21-4-6923. Again, if you had water damage from hurricane Francis, Rye Concepts is on call to help you restore your home back to its normal state and look in brand spec into again. Call that main number toll free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. You're listening to me and you go to me, Rogers. Exclusively on 5-6-21-28-50. I urge everyone to complain to this station. All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Pop daddy, sitting in the chair. I'll call you a puppy. Yo yo man, yo yo! Are you ready? Yeah! Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery rhyme. Alright, Pickery Dickery Blank. Is it a dock, B-P-A-C-Marina, or D-Inlit? Oh man, it's a hundred dollars question right here. You're kidding me, right? It's a hundred dollars. For $100. This ain't a million dollars question. This is the first one. Hey, it's only for $100. It's just a black thing. Would you like to use a light one? Yeah, alright, what do I got? What do I got? Well, we have the Ask the audience, the 50-50, and the phone friend. Ask the audience. Not too many white people in here. The 50-50, I'm gonna help me. Oh, you know I'm gonna phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah. Alright, who are we gonna call, Puppy? Oh, my boy, old dirty bastard! Old dirty bastard! Yeah, dirty, we calm. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you. Oh, yeah. Old dirty. Yeah, man. Readjust Filvin from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? Got your friend here, Puppy Daddy. Go dirty, what's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? Alright, alright. Old, what's up? Old dirty? Puppy Daddy's got a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question. He's the first guy, man. First question, and the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question. He'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Hey, man. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. What is that? No. You'll dirty fish this all for me, alright? Pickering, victory, blank. Is it a doc? Be, peer. See, marino or the, illiterate. Come on, man. I don't got much time. I know this, man. I know it. I see it. Pea, you sure? I'm about 30, man. This is a lot of money, man. About 30. Alright, man. Take you very much. About 30, man. I'm up all dirty. Said, peer. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question. You know what, Regis? Want to pull the audience? No, I like to add a lifeline. I'll actually know there's only three lifelines you've used. One, you have two left. No, no, no. I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called Shoot the Host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it Shoot the Host. Puffy, you're the 50-50. What's the answer? Puffy, it's stuck, it's a A. It's stuck. My final A is stuck. It's stuck. And it's a good one. You got all of it on me. Run, you run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. Run, you run. But, you're the man. Once 21 is 5, 60, W if you end boy. Are we sure it on time or what? Yeah, yeah. But, I can't. Expose in a Marlin Z, US Senator Field and Chicago. Expose in a Marlin Z, what? What I say? Exposing the Marlins. Exposing the Marlins and Exposing Paul Crotch. Paul's Crotch. Which people, which group? Which group? Group is worse to women. Treats them like crap. 581 votes. Muslims 390. Man, they got it. Licked. 67% more than 2. 3rds. Blacks 35. They all deserve it. 32. That's climbing up the list. White trash, 31. Orthodox Jews 28. His Spanish 16. The Catholic Church 16. He is 12. 24. 24. So, in 10, 7. Jax 5. Only 5 say Jax. 12. Give me a freaking break. Well, this is your Jax. And if you go to the station, oh, I forgot about that. We can't knock the Jax. And Mormon's a course, too. And it was certainly, a lot of knock to your feet. Oh, he had no business getting benched in that game. What do you think? That's an emotional. Hell, I'm just saying that. I'm just talking out loud. Because it's always the same old neurotic crap over and over and over again. You know, Sanflon Oh, what are we gonna do as opposed to that guy who had the you know had a stomach right And aren't we blessed here in Sanflon and Jim remember that how could you forget? I'll never never really stick my fat old Tubby ass my pimple old ass into a box I could never forget that brilliant call in the mad dog show. Aren't we blessed down here Jim? Oh It's worth it. But I love it. I love it. Give me another beer. Hi. This is old J. Since I've been released from jail I like to keep track of my bitches. So I recommend to you new old J. Simpson bitch jack for women Believe me brothers you won't get jack with bitch jack Just a pass the small homing device to your bitches leg and you can track her all around And just in case she cheated she'll get a beaten you see when your woman be messing around New bitch jack a women let's out an inaudible beef in sound. It only you can hear And once they catch it she's all yours Here's the mr. Simpson we track down your old lady with a white man What shall we do with her? Wow, thank you officer. Oh, handbook is you bitch don't you know I'll track and you with bitch jack I'm gonna cut your throat you bitch Remember your home won't get very far with old J. Simpson's new bitch jack for women Hey just because old J. Freeze don't mean yo bitches got to be free too Here's the real name and that's the city of my size playing Chicago You know what it is it's you cool part Isn't that what they play Marlins and they expose it the US Senator Phil and Chicago is coming up next we got more Howard David It tomorrow won't be back tomorrow sometime between fans and whatever You I have no right