Really when you're sure it starts Monday morning 8 to 10 on 2am Friday you best 10 out to a 5 60 WQ and my friend got around to watch in the South Park the movie last night it was their sensational on the scale of 10 I gave it up on 86 sure and that's been 88 but what's the word of the very timely right that that too timely very biting topical blaming on Canada a you connect that's what it was all about that you say a boot that's what I said a boot anyway some bad news to start and then I got just such a pile of stuff here we went not even take a call today this is just like uh... and it's good at my girls here for the walk as he hates it when I read to bad loser that's a good thing you know the bad news you didn't tell me about any bad news is now yes I did first of all side bomb kill two us all there's a bad dad this was late Wednesday and now an explosion killed in american soldier wounded to others in Baghdad today in western part of the capital so that's three more to add to your list also are keeping track of pending any attention since the media's to busy with other important things to take care of you know right like a Michael Jackson are we got a lot of michael taxis of two that's coming for darkness system the prosecution of ojsonson he says jackson may have waved his right to appear at every hearing that would be his interest to attend you know what else he said that give a sh** me more that was right on red on the money anyway let's get to the important stuff yesterday misfudge aka madrudge aka self-hitting fag put on his website recklessly with a with a spinning gumball on there with a uh... flashing light in a whole deal or desperate big news see this is what you're dealing with when you have a ponder the right wing was being subsidized who's been uh... financed by uh... rich or melonscafe and who's being a fed all the info by Carl roe vinalier the right wing huntie he'll put anything on air for example you remember and one thing you can't complain about his credibility just like telling the world that i'm mine in the lid that i have around a clock to uh... a caretaker and i'm gonna be a nursing home also the crap and about how johnny cock wings gonna be a under the fence team for michael jackson and uh... let's see about how the hour caucus on the day of the caucus the results are going to be very very close and all else other crap it's the old deal about just put enough crap up uh... throwing against the wall and maybe some of it might stick right and of course it's probably pretty busy back there anyway that so when you have time anyway so it puts this whole song and it's about this big sex scandal that's going to uh... explode and destroy john carry it about how we're like Clark said this and how we're being said that and then of course there was that stuff in the inquire which all basically that's it was that carry screw around with a bunch of Hollywood starlets which are who they'll do right me but like you said it always comes back to the same old deal with the right winners and that's penis stuff it's your penis they want to take a look at it they want to take pictures of it they want to see it up close to the wall grab it and feel it squeeze it that's right they want to take a sniff who's it's a flavor it is and so that's uh... what misfudge or was screaming in chowtomio that they the only problem with her is well there's several problems that is that the mainstream media ignored him largely and plus he's been outed by a whole bunch of uh... for example on a bus flash dot com here's one of the uh... postings carry attack update the sleases gone mainstream it says the fillet off the daily news which will get to the minute and the shikago sometimes published articles discussing the carry sex accusations the sometimes however seem to pull theirs off the website the foreign presses all over this big polluter lobbyist uh... it says the foreign presses all over this like big polluter lobbyist on time delay here's one very interesting tip it from the times you can online drugs planned that have it as news outlets when vestigating the allegations against misdemeanor carry but most of them denied it last night Leonard downy executive editor of the washman post mentioned by drug said this is the first we've heard that we're working on a story that we're not working on a reporter with time magazine also said it by drug said that we quickly magazine was as puzzled by the story is the rest of the world the means be media in the u.s. so far not reported on the claims sources when in the clerk camp campaign blame republican dirty tricks and gave warning that it was a taste of things to come they're just throwing mud he said the plot chickens charges little embellishment about who was investigating the story is telling it's obviously decided to have maximum impact on carry and make a look like the stories about telekina major papers and by throwing in all those competing news entities it puts pressure on other outlets to start their own reporting and break the details first clever unfortunately dresha's been busted by the british press this is so roven it just makes my hairline received sources they write a roven and of course john i cockman's gonna be a represent michael's action no not and yada yada yana cause so what i've done even though it doesn't make any difference to him since he gets eighty billion hits a minute uh we've taken the link to the drug report off of our website and we're gonna put on drudge dot com which is the drug retort has supposed to be report and it's a fabulous website a lot's very familiar certain instead of a whiteback route it's got at least a little bit of color it's got a yellow background and the same boring format of misfudges were uh anxious website they write today on the drug retort rumor leads america deep in a john carries pants media observers in political junkies are waiting to see how quickly and deeply the mainstream press follows serious newsman mad drudge into john carries pants this morning drudge pulled out the flashing siren with a gitty clay in the time magazine and other media organizations are looking for a young woman who privately cockest last year with the democratic presidential frontrunner reported drudge and intrigues around the woman who recently fled the country reportedly at the prodding of carry that wouldn't be the only prodding she received from carry according to the completely unsourced story which is reportedly being chased by time ABC news washed and posted the hill in the ap the tail tail first appeared in watch blog and on partisan political weblog that appears uh offers space to liberal conservator and moderate authors the journalism industry publication editor and publisher ponded how long it would take the mainstream press to follow drudge's lead as editor and publisher reported the drug site also declared that general westly clerk and an author record chat with reporters earlier this week predicted that the carry campaign would suit implode to an intern it would seem strange however if he really believed that that would drop out of the race as he did yesterday meaning clerk lending less credence to the story clerk is going to win dorskary this weekend it was constant as we all know so there we go more bs from mlamis fudge and the silly daily news says here we go again question mark the worlds of politics and the media were all a twitter yesterday over report on the popular internet site the drudge report that massachusetts senator john carried the democratic presidential frontrunner maybe brought down by a sex scandal six years ago it was a similar item on the drudge report planted that brought the world's attention the fair between then president bill Clinton and intern monical ovensky sparking the scandal that the declinton's impeachment late last night miss fudge the conservative gossip mice do who runs the site said several leading TV networks and newspapers have been trying to confirm that legislation between carry who is married to ketchup eras terisa hind scary any young woman that started in 2001 and earlier items said the woman had worked for associated press for a short time but there's one huge problem with the story which raised to newsrooms across the country like a computer virus nobody's been able to confirm that it was true this rumors been out there for months and months at nil oxman the prominent democratic consultant based in fili he said there were various versions including several that had carry dating a young woman well before the 2000 election when algor looked at current carry as a potential runny made oxman said there's just no way to judge whether the story is really damaging to the carry campaign until any facts come out even stranger the drug item said that Wesley Clark to be targe animal former candidate spread the rumor by telling a group of stunt reporters that carry will implode over an intern issue but then it was reported last night that Clark is going to endorse carry today indeed other accounts last night said Clark instead was talking about carries reportedly wild bachelor days between the break of his first marriage and his 96 wedding to Teresa Heinz carry carry reportedly dated actress Morgan fair child another starlots as well numerous fingers for the upper reported last night Clark's top aid Chris Lahane was Gore's campaign secretary in 2000 Washington side of Craig Crawford a congressional quarterly said in a widely circulated email that Lahane had been shopping the story to report us for a long time the carry camp has been expected to deal with this and have assured party leaves they can handle it and it also says if the story were true carry would have a harder time handling his wife who was killed uh the widow of Pennsylvania senator john Heinz was killed the 1991 mid-air collision in loramirian she told Ellie magazine that she warned her first husband on subject at what help she warned Ellie El magazine how do I supposed to know that fact it's a fact mag no oh she told Faggy El magazine that she warned her first husband on the subject of an elderly if you ever get something I'll mean you I won't kill you I'll mean you in other words if you ever bought him and I wanted surprise I say like like that chanker when over the shirt lip right so there you go you can then of course the clerk will endorse carry today which seems very strange if indeed he was the one that was saying that if carry campaign is going to come tumbling down because of all this big sexual scandal may uh misfogger and asshole you're an imbicent you're pathetic you nothing but a useless pawn man being used by original escape and Carl roe of an all the other imbicils on the far right just throw a bunch of crap up there and see if it sticks but after all the others a slime and garbage that he's put on there people are starting to be a little bit more suspect if anything that he has on his report which is why i'm not deal with it no more and once Eric wakes up you think that's going to happen sometimes that's what i spoke at him yeah once he wakes up we're going to take off that's uh one of those links we got on there which is kind of like obsolete and he already just did it see that's my second powers again what under move on dot org you'll see in large your blueprint the drug retort which is the drug dot com not to be confused with the course the umstice offer right wing drug report and i know that he's going to be really upset over the eight hits a week that he's going to be losing from our link but that's not the purpose of it we just don't want to be associated with that particular scumbag we don't mind a lot of other scumbags we just don't want nothing to do with him anyway we had a uh resounding response of the pool look at those those results uh after the break and then we'll put up the new pool and I got uh five thousand things to read just to piss off the girl and we got our hot couples contested headline to a clock to saffron for your pictures email them two contested the ararges dot com deadline is two p.m. sharp when the little hand hits the big hand finally got half an hour so there we got half an hour half hours half a rectom is better than none right on 10 13 at five sixty w to come have how about putting your ass in a great new mattress president stays coming up Monday and of course the president say they sales are in full swing with your wedding and department stores all the bs they pedal air v year they double the price then say hey look at this we're giving you if you might real rock bottom prices on the best mattress is going you know what to do call 1 800 mattress like i've been doing for years George and Miguel have been doing it and call them as well bokeh Brian and even fat boy is sleeping on a big gigantic exercise dialo mattress no phony sales no baton swish just every day on beatable rock bottom prices on the complete line of the top makers in the universe they got them all they got silly sort of Simmons king coil temper pt can even now stirrens and foster hewitt choose from dozens of models at lower v day discount prices you can enjoy great night sleep for years to come to sp i make it at one easy phone call 1 800 mattress right now don't give ripped off at a spony ads only dialo mattress also let's you choose that to our delivery window that makes you schedule any day when is convenient for you seven days away from eight in a morning till ten o'clock at night with low prices same day delivery free set up and move let's easy to see why dialo mattress is unbeatable so like i said don't get sucked in by the phony ads do what the smartphones are doing it even some are quite so bright call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mATT RES or check them out online at mattress.com awkward can't keep his packer in his hand cabinets We go to Russia. In the tene of nine. I'm ready. I did minus a pound the honorable pads andوفies from Taeink Kircelan Klunchekat. I'll count the test faster today by enc乐ing teleports. This vs party news. Tune the designation of to work by and stop by for $3 bex in vex lights plus when T-shirts and pantantigots and some other crappy EQM prizes and join both Jo and Mark tomorrow from noon to 2 for Lauderdale BMW at 14,800 Chairman Street, stop by to win more crap and enjoy a free food for our close friend Ira at the unbeatable Atlantic City Subbs. Now here's a result we have 14 every 73 votes yesterday on the question, which do you think is the best recording artist or group to come along in the last 10 years? Uh, Adema didn't have any. Yeah, depressing. Oh well, out of almost 1500 votes, who the hell are they? Err, I'm either. Separate head, one Sam Roberts one, I must have been Canadian, that's what that was all about. Angel does two, survives just two, if I read all of these from the bottom, although nickel back head only five, that's disturbing. And oh well, pod head four, pod rhymes with, oh god. How gang head seven, which at least beat Destiny's child, wed only six? I'm just skipping around Enrique head nine, how do you like that? Yeah, howdy, cornes. System of Down Head nine, Sean Paul 10, Stain Head 10, train 10, pink head 10, as in one of the pink and one in scourine. Corn head 12, Nelly for Tonno Ed 12, she's great. Yes. The white stripes and collective soul and three doors down each head 13, dream theater head 14, Wilco 15, Josh Groben, 16, I have no idea who that is. Though I hear he's grabbing it. Inky of his 17, that's excellent. Limpe is good 17, which is less excellent. Avril Lavigne 17, Lake 182 19, Beyonce 22, oh the goodness is George Savanoot, toxic video with Brittany this morning. Yeah, they must have not put in the new restrictions yet on MTV. Wait till Mel Carmeson finds out about that. He'll probably have me showing it every 20 minutes. Beyonce 22, no doubt 28, Sarah McLaughlin 28, Kidrock head. But third man. Shakira 31, Brittany's spirit's 32. Smashing Pumpkins 35 is Coldplay also 35 matchbox 2037, the counting cross 42, Nora Joan 60, full five or 64 magnificent. Radiohead 65, Eminem 68. Lincoln Park 69, Alcass 75, Shai 287, Pearl Jam 133 and Dave Matthews van, 2012, 2012. Winning. I told you that didn't I? You were listening to me. You're bigger than life itself. I can't tell you why, but they're bigger than life itself. Just like McDonald's is very, very big. And so it's been all ice cream and so it was the Rascal house. And a lot of things are kind of like a state of mind. You know what I'm saying? It's called Good Marketing. Something we don't do with QAM. I'm sorry, I go. Lincoln, how did he say that big budget? He'd have a good budget if that bitch wouldn't have spent all the money in like about two months. What? It's funny because it's true. I don't. That's why I said it. That's why she is there no mold that the green bitch. We have that memo out now. With her fat ass. You get one reason to get a much better mood about things. At least he's not getting chased up and on a halby Dorine. You realize you can't reload a stapler in the building. No without three department had signing up. Now I'm just going to worry about a speaking Carlos. Anyway, this is very disturbing. Maybe we'll have to postpone the William Show starting Monday morning 8 to 10 on QAM. Let me know if you want the other two pages if it's interesting enough. No. A high school teammate who joined Willie Williams on a recruiting trip to Florida, said the 19 year old lineback were appeared to be under the influence of something. During a wild evening that resulted in three sworn complaints being fought against him. He just had a bad night. Somebody slept in a Mickey, okay? Maybe he was under the influence of the Holy Spirit. That might have done it. I've never seen him act like that said a team Robinson and offensive lineman who played with I'm under how offensive he is. Playing with William's last season at Carroll City in Shutter, room with him during official visit to Florida January 30th, 31. I was very surprised to ask him what that is wrong with you. Man. William's aside a little bit of a tell with University of Miami of course has a bond hearing today. If you're spending three days in a Broward County jail for violation of his probation, he's been charged with bad room criminal misjip both misdemeanors and for discharging fire extinguishers a felony in the Gainesville incidents. Robinson said William's wasn't able to recall many events that I January 30. When was it? About 30, man. Or the early warnings of January 31. I only remember Vincent Pesis Robinson said during a telephone interview Wednesday. He just couldn't explain detail what happened. He just couldn't. The 6225 pound lineback allegedly grabbed slash tugged a female you have student against her will. At 11pm January 30 engaged in a fight at local nightclub around 2.30 and discharged fire extinguishers about 90 minutes later at local hotel where you have was housing recruits. And of course he's got those burglary charges again and a whole bunch of these other things he was arrested 10 other times. But he just has somebody's bad days okay we don't know what gets into them but he just has a few bad days. I say give him some slack and let him do the show okay. Because we're looking for somebody that doesn't want to get paid to do it. Joe Rose is starting to get a little bit can't tanker was about that whole thing. Well speaking of cow tanker we'll get to that later. Got a lot of fish to fry here I'll find it at QAM hello. QAM. Hey you are fishing me out? Speaking. Okay. I want to jump off the cliff today Neil on the one that nominated Dave Matthews all those front run and not even like them. So why did you nominated him? I just figured they would hit the top of the pole and I was right I'll tell you they are the worst. Well go ahead and jump on John. I'm going to be a good job. He's wanted to start all here's the appul for today okay I'm sorry let's get this out of the way because once I get rolling here man we got a lot of crap to do. I'm sorry it's just one of those sorry Eric I emailed him 30 stories but good man. I think actually it was 31 because I had the Paul Columns this morning 31 stories which is way too many but you know it's just one of those things is one of those days there is a lot of heavy duty crap going on. No I mean some days there's not much but there was a lot of crap going on and the reason I keep saying that is because I like seeing because pretty soon we won't be able to say it or do it if Miguel's people have their way that's right all your right when you ask fascists people that you love all those batistas all alicgers. He's out of that club. No he's not. In his family you never get out of that club and he's going to be really porked off I hope he hasn't seen that picture seen it cruise bearing her all that is so gross test. He's bearing it and it looks like he's doing something else to it the same time that's called killing two birds with one stone. Wow. I wouldn't be surprised if she had a real one you know it's you had a real penis. Forget about the strap on variety I think the scene to me had a real one it's no one just a gigantic anyway here's today's poll what's you take on the masses stereo all over the USA about filth on radio and TV. We got nine excellent choices now I realize that you have to pick the one that you most of your best degrees with what you think because there are many of these that like slopp over under each other. What's your take on the masses stereo all over the USA about filth on radio and TV as Michael is squeezing his towels about it. I agree clean it all up now let's have more sex less violence. Whatever happened to freedom of speech I'm sorry what happened to freedom of speech. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole it was just one partial teet you morons where do I get my passport quick freedom in America's dead or the Bush government and the FCC are obscene now I realize there's much crossover there right much but that's okay pick one I know it's hard but that is not a good idea to take your finger in their real deep or maybe in your butt you know pick one to okay right so what mode does it is he's down only one day twenty twenty six after ten but I'll forget to a clock deadline for those pictures contest in the arangers dot com if you have any private messages if you want to go cook who could you do what I'm a girl if you'd like to set up a date with Miguel nobody's uh... his wife will never know contest at new arangers dot com from what I'm hearing he that you see lately twenty six pat not that the reen left how to do about a place where they're very choosy about what they cook for you that's the pizza locked in davie they've been going strong for a long time all the others have come and gone over these years i've been around almost thirty years but uh... so for the pizza locked in the course they've been at braward location davie for a long time serving up the best at any good is you'll find anywhere at prices like though is man they give you gigantic portions they cooked everything to order fresh and the prices are so low you can go in over the whole gang over and over again almost as often as the river so we'd prefer your close to it uh... every friday well at sea we got the tons of added tables in their not too soon after we'd online and a week in the middle most restaurants in braward they got the best garlic rolls going anywhere they got combination dinners they got your chicken and feel every kind of pasta ever invented seafood calzone super subs and three different kinds of pizza can't umo dose place and they got taken delivery the cater for those five bucks per person for your next affair you can't be to the stick call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty for takeout delivery nine five four nine one six eighty eighty you find a pizza often that same great spot in davie right through our university drive between grip and five ninety five behind pure one imports in a pizza locked plaza lots of reparking to so this weekend for a fantastic feast at a teeny tiny price head for the world famous pizza locked in davie hello it no there Everything's becoming what we're here It's true that you are everywhere Nobody really cares TV's living games Movie's living games Music's living games Magical songs of games All proofs All proofs All proofs All proofs All proofs All proofs If you look around All more souls around All things just keep getting gayer And if you look around All the spiders and sounds All things just keep getting gayer And each day There's more in my gaze And the balls started with the little man grace Recently My family and break me We're talking face on TV We're just getting gayer Trolls You're getting gayer We're always even gayer And if you take the stick All proofs All proofs All proofs All proofs Truths Truths If you look around We're people around All things just keep getting gayer And if you look around All of a time All things just keep getting gayer He even got a racken Said, let me hear fruits right? Few fruits okay But too many fruits could be very bad for you 1033 we got more onackens later In fact we got some pictures that I'm going to be showing you Or those pictures Ha ha ha ha ha ha Casey Cacens gone Oh this is really great And of course Edgar Lesbys Having to have his breakdown He's the head of the Republic of National Committee He's a Schmidt and his pants Democrat plan Democrats plan dirtiest campaign in modern history Is what he says of course I guess that doesn't count Letty Fudryport smear campaign That already started against Kerry I bought this sex scandal It's penis gayed part 2 baby See when they do it it's okay Anything that comes from the far right All the crap that they want to spew That's fine But When it comes from the other side And happens to be true Like Bush and his military record Or This in this article that I just From Tampa from the Tampa Whatever that is paper is Tribune He's going on about It's going to be the dirtiest campaign Modern presidential politics You know what they're peeing in their pants about? What are they peeing in? I'm sure you recall I mentioned this to you before the show today back in 2000 in the days Just the days before and of course time ran out and somebody got to the woman In the days before the election There was that story circulating about the Bush having knocked up some woman in Texas And then taking their for abortion And personally driving her to the abortion clinic And she was ready to spill the beans and Larry Flint was ready to go on in fact Your close friend Al Ghulstein was going to have Larry Flint calls that one day remember that right? You said they're waiting for the call that never came because either Larry got cold feet Which at least he had some sensation in his feet which is good but or They made her an offer she couldn't refuse So Edgar Lesby even mentioned this the other day about wow They're going to cook up this story that they're going to be relation about the the president Had this woman got her pregnant and the took her for an abortion in Texas and it's just more smir How why would he even mention that? Unless of course they know that Somebody already is onto it and have been for a long time that jig is up now wouldn't you think that that would be a little bit Just explosive for this president to find out that this great moral leader This great religionist Of course I guess that was before he found Jesus He went when you'd be the religious right you can't you can't if in fact they love he even more if you were fallen and then you found Jesus All depending on how far you fell and who you fell on And of course if it was a guy then they don't forgive this we do not forgive Let's see PRR else says happy Valentine's day whistle just put your glips together in blow Is what he says that sounds like a proposition to me Wow we got more crap. Let's take a quick first look at that poll Look at this see it's a difficult choice to be honest with it 72 votes what you take on the man's to steer here all over the USA about filth On radio and TV where all of his is coming on your tube And there's nothing worse than filth coming on your tube The Bush government and the FCC are of scene 23 Absolutely I don't let the government censoring my entertainment 15 it was just one partial tint you moron's nine a teeth nine Let's have more sex less violence nine. I agree clean it all up now five yeah Finna pull up Whatever happened a freedom of speech for Freedom in America's dead three Michael Paul is a grand steady asshole three which I guess you know it's pretty obvious and where do I get my passport quick? Says Uno a soul mate. They Uno with that Speaking of obscene things Here Uh, this from the Prisonplanted dot com website which we have a link to on our on our website. It's a little on the extreme side We have you ever looked at it. It's a little bit over the top but This article isn't something they wrote this is from the London guardian Remember Dr David Kelly Not that he confused with Dr David K who evidently was made enough where he could not refuse We were the committed suicide that Dr yeah like the dog that committed suicide in Jason Williams house right and the driver Right and the limo driver now while the dog did that Since three of us wrote our letter to the guardian in of course it's signed by three public health experts in England anyway since since the three of us wrote our letter to the guardian January 27 Questioning whether Dr Kelly's death was a suicide we've received Professional support for our view from pasticular surgeon Martin Bernstingle pathologist Dr Peter Fletcher and consultant public health doctor Andrew Rouse We all agree that it's highly improbable that the primary cause of Dr Kelly's death was hemorrhage from a Transsection of a single owner artery as stated by Brian Hutton and his report and it goes out with some very complicated medical About this artery and that artery and this transaction and all this other Then it says We believe the verdict given is in contradiction to medical teaching is at variance with documented cases of wrist-slide suicides and does not align It's self of the evidence presented at the inquiry we call for the reopening of the inquest by the corner where a jury may be called an evidence taken on oath In other words, they're not buying at this old suicide theory of Dr David Kelly Who was the whistleblower on a whole thing about sexing up the information on Iraq and then of course The BBC reported that and and BBC very quickly was a full word with a good do they made it off of they couldn't refuse and Whole bunch of them like resigned and ran away because they remember Dr Kelly and if I don't want to have that happen to was Not that that would happen of course Speaking of that death read made in Jackson case. They don't forget I got the vanity fair calm that article It was on for about 20,000 pages on Michael Jackson which is timely because that the second hearing is gonna be today. He could be there But another hearing on Michael Jackson they pedophile Death read claim in Jackson case this ties right in with what say in that article in Vanity fair This is from CBS The comedy club owner who introduced Michael Jackson the boy he's accused of molesting says he's been receiving death threats and that he's not the only one getting them Jamie Masada said yesterday on CBS news is the early show that he's received threats on his cell home and business telephones and an email I'm getting a lot of death threats that they don't want me talking about they don't want anybody to talk about anything He told Coincor Hannah Storm Listen to me Jamie Masada's gonna be over for you your family and your business if you don't stop talking about the king of pop Read's one of the email messages. It goes on to say I'm putting a bomb in your Lath factory his comedy club and your house Masada said he's not frightened and once that's speaking on on behalf of the boy the number one thing I want to let people know he needs a kidney still and his blood is oh negative Oh negative see him fina good if he said so anybody with that blood and if you have a kidney please contact a kidney foundation Masada said I wonder if he's related to isabel de cassada What's that her name is about they Masada Oh The next hearing in the cases today but Jackson won't be their lawyers will discuss it eight for preliminary hearing with the first evidence will be presented And then we'll take up the issue whether to open Corbett hits to the public It's expected today to be a much more low key affair than the image anywhere 16 or hundreds of fans Packed the streets hundreds of idiots and Jackson find a top his black SUV and danced as a song's blasted out Just exactly where you hear it a Here a legal proceeding right He was just excited we don't anticipate many fans coming today There'll be really nothing for them to see Santa Maria police Lieutenant Chris Vaughn said Judge Rodney Melville Brother of Herman has refused to unseal several search warrants today's hearing or include request of news organizations Included AP that the records be on seal the judge will also revisit the gag order imposed in the case He may amended to allow attorneys to respond to an accurate reports the court date comes as the singer makes an F to seize control of his public image He's gonna be more proactive in speaking for himself on all matters outside the trial said his new spokeswoman Ramon K. Bane He's tired of the circus like atmosphere surround again Which of course is why he got on top of that SUV and was dancing in France and like some kind of a silly goose 1984 11 at 560 QA 16 jusquought He's 30 every year so big and so big big so big and so happy don't scream at all every week every week every day always can't love you have a chance to see Angelina Jolie's nip on our website there. We're gonna change it today, but because it's uh, and such great demand. Yeah, right? I want to make sure that everybody has their way with her. I want to make sure you have a chance to see it like 10, 15. 30 times before you're exhausted right? And then maybe Halle's berries are gonna pop up there on Monday. We're gonna try to go for quality rather than quantity with these because they're what it is. Yeah. Yeah, so many good qualities that can really arouse your interest and you can sit there in the gaze and peer at it. And I want your peers gaze. You can get all the gaze. And of course if Angelina Jolie don't do it for your argument, he'll write underneath it is a CDA. What for you that? Yeah. She's whipping it right now. And it's a beautiful thing. Don't let Michael Paul see that. He'd get really pissed off. Speaking of Michael Moore, I got a really good article by him coming a little later. I got just all kinds of stuff here and I know that Miguel is foaming at the mouth. Let's take a couple of calls though because Miguel is working this first hour. And he just can't stand me sitting here and reading a lot of stuff because mostly he doesn't understand it. Huh? WQAM, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Pretty good, sir. Good. I want to mention on this curious thing with the Republican flander and going on. Miss Theresa Heinz, Carrie mentioned that the only way she would dip into that $500 million or a war chest is if they went after her husband. So the Republicans better watch out or you'll throw some money on them that they can't quite put together. One thing you're going to be really interested. I just checked again during the last break. And even the most ultra right wing websites aren't touching that story with a ten-foot thing. They have not a word about it on their. So Miss Fudges just strictly put herself on an limb, which is okay because he being subsidized by Richard Melonskate so we can afford to do it. But just absolute history. Just throw it up there and hope everybody runs with it. And see if we can't do do what Carrie wanted to do to Clinton. They're dead of reckoning is coming and we don't have a whamper on in this time. I reckon. Okay, good luck to us, pal. See there you go. We had a couple of calls today. So far, pretty good calls that got apologize for the Dave Matthews van and this guy was excellent. So what, what's not to like? So far so good. We're going for quality, not quantity, Miguel. Okay, if we set them again, we take about 6,000 calls unless of course he had a screen. Right. Right. Then he'd be all for all or we've null a time. Let's see. Here's the facts that says the freaking Dave Matthews van. You can't tell if he's puking or you'reling he's sucks. Absolutely correct. I didn't vote for Dave Matthews van. I'll tell you that right now. I think I voted for Incubus or somebody. You voted for Lake Apart just like me. Like in Park. And second would have been Incubus. It says like the grateful dead. What was so bit about them? Well, the fact that he's dead anyway. And of course don't forget the fish food ice cream. It says I don't get it. He's pool more titties. Thanks Pete. Yeah. Max more nudity more sex. Less violence. We don't want all that violence. Who needs it? One violence will go see the godfather. At least it was entertaining was great. Just this gratuitous violence. We don't need that. We can open the window and look outside and see the Americans. You all the violence. All the violence you want for free and it's for real. So let's have a lot more sex on TV just to piss off Michael Paul and all the other goodie Tushu's right wingers. And of course, we know that they don't have any sex scandal. Thank god for that like Bob Packwood and like the guy from Bob Bunk. Bob was a name on comey. Okay. Whatever the hell is anyone's livingston. Mr. Livingston I presume. I think he was from Montgomery Alabama or the hell he was from Mississippi Alabama all the same crap. Wow. And of course Henry's hide. How come he got off the hook so easy because he was old and feeble as that in and fat and rich and rich and that must have been it. Anyway, don't forget the couple's contest. We got three hours and 11 minutes for whose counting until the deadline to a clock. This is the last day's 7 year entries to contest in eorages.com. And next week we'll put all the pictures up on our website and you can vote for whichever couple you think is the hottest or whoever you like the most or whoever's paying you off the most whatever. And a couple with the most votes at the end. In other words, a week from today to a clock at the end of the contest wins their choice of one of these two prizes. Either a three night vacation all inclusive with all meals and all beverages. The exemption of airfare and personal expenses at hedonism in Jamaica or if you prefer a two night vacation at the Royal Oasis Resort in Casino in Bahamas which only includes airfare to grand Baham'al and all the other stuff you pay for whichever those you want. So whichever trip is left over the second to run a upgits that one and the third place winner gets dinner for two at the pizza log where can't have for yourself a great time pick out eat as much as you want and the titer away as the rumors continue shubbling it down their push for free. You'll have a wonderful time. Jeff will take good care of your and the food too. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line. Once we finish with a couple of calls it'll be pretty much it. Once we dump and go out of there. WQAM hello. Yeah, you don't buddy. Pretty good sir. Uh, what exactly did you do to that crowd in the on big one of six he was like winding all my last night about you. Who's that? I don't know he kept on saying new Rogers this and new Rogers that. Well, I don't even know what you're talking about who is it. That's one of the nice on these days you just want someone how he was like all four hours of a show. Revolver on one about you every time he came back on the air on big one. Oh six. Yeah, like McClint McClint John or talk or he was kind of about you all night last night. So like what was he talking about? Hey, he was saying F. New Rogers and I've never done this with new Rogers and new I was just. Well, guess what F. F. F. And how you like that? And let's select John Kerry. See you. What do you just say? I like John Kerry. Oh, we don't really care if you like to uncurry, but that's fine with us. Uh, now see, they're not on going to be great McGill. That's why if you push it too far, then you're going to get that. Five six seven, but I want to make sure that why you're there, you're entertained with some of these great calls because I know that's the bread and butter the meat and potatoes. That's where it's at for you. For us, F. W. W. W. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Oh, boy. Somebody just said me. Oh, boy. Oh, yeah. You know, you just said me an email with next year's half time show. Oh, boy. Yeah, yeah. Janet's covered in duct tape. Uh-huh. Head to toe. They a better duct valve. Just sent that new direction. Oh, and of course those Canadians who fart a lot like it to stop park movie, but they're, you were them too. I should put that on a website. Yeah. Yeah. That movie. You know what I think? Yeah. That movie was so great. Oh, and like I said yesterday, it fit right in. You're right. I watched it on the perfect day. I've had that for a few weeks now, but I could have picked a better time to watch it. That's right. Because all of this outrage about the farting horses and the commercial, you people grow up. You're supposed to be adults. And I'm sure that nobody in Congress in America ever farted. Oh, no. And especially now while they're sitting there in your pew. No way. They have a hepah filter. Can you imagine Henry high when you cut one? Oh, God. Or Ted Kennedy? Oh, those beer farts will kill you man. Probably still like wet dog. I love you, Teddy, but Jesus God. Who's an answer to? 87 gay couples went in, pamphletheth go. Are you ready for that? Yes. You have to really, the story kept changing like every five minutes because it started out with a first, the lesbian couple. And then it was eight couples. And then it was 15. And now 87 couples according to the Chicago sometimes, which dropped your story by the way, Ms. Fudge from their website. Daranya. In an open challenge to California law, city authorities performed scores of same-sex weddings yesterday, an issue to stack a marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples, meant it to lesbians were stacked. Jubilant gay couples lined up under city halls gold, dome and exchange vows and two minutes ceremonies. Today, a barrier to two Dutchesses been removed said Gavin Newsom newly elected mayor of the city considered the capital of gay America. No state legally sanctions gay marriage remains unclear what practical value the marriage licenses will have. The weddings violate a ballot measure California voters' approach in 2000 that defies marriage as a union between a man and a woman. And these people yesterday said, Bapongulat to you. The officials began with longtime lesbian activist to less lions 79 and Del Martin 83, who been a couple for 51 years. By the end of the day, 87 marriage ceremonies were performed and 95 marriage licenses had been issued. How do you like that? So I'm thinking like Miguel and Frike Carlos, I can just see it this weekend, huh? Key West? Who's that? Or maybe maybe muffin a giant clearance? Or clearance in the beast? Yes, I think we ought to do that on Monday. Well, that could be a good poll question. Huh? Match people up. Match people up. Which would you like to see is the next gay marriage the first gay marriage in South Florida? Sanction by a QM sanction by Greg Reid. Gridlock and marriage debate in Massachusetts though the state of the boy took about there between a rock and a hard place, there between Tuna Throck and an end tuck it. The state's historic court decision declaring same-sex marriages legal was left in tack last night after a deeply divided hysterical Massachusetts legislature was forced to adjourn its constitutional convention without passing a ban on gay marriage. They don't want the discriminatory to ban Anna. Legislative scheduled the next convention session for March 11. With gay marriage opponents chanting we want to vote and gay marriage supporters singing God bless America in the hallways. The chaotic session ended at midnight. lawmakers were unable to find a majority to support any of four measures designed to overturn the historic November ruling of the Supreme Court. You do. These Supreme Judicial Court which declared gay marriage constitutional and said just do it. Just do it. Shortly after 10 o'clock last night supporters of gay marriage state to fill up us through the decided delay the proceedings until the midnight deadline for the session. Their opponents responded by walking out to focus public attention what was happening in force of vote but Senate President Robert Travellini allowed the filibuster to continue by recognizing only lawmakers who opposed the ban on gay marriage to speak until midnight arrive. Earlier the legislature had defeated a proposed constitutional amendment sponsored by representative Philip Travis that would have banned gay marriage. Gay rights advocates applauded the days of N.C. made succeeded for the moment in their task of keeping any measure that would deny rights to gay's and lesbian's out of the state constitution for the moment. And again, all the hysteria like I told you the other day is kind of a mood point because the Supreme Court in Massachusetts said do it. And they said, well, how about if we just have someone doing it? And they said, no, do it. Right. And that's going to start in mid-May. You think there's a lot of marriage in San Francisco. You wait to see what's going to happen in Provinceton, coming middle of May, okay? And of course I'm sure Miguel's been in Provinceton many times. You know, you can sell like if you're a royal, you can sell your title. Right. Could you possibly sell your marital status? Like you went to buy the title queen. I'm not telling it. No, I'm going to sell my marital status to some gay deserving gay. Oh, I see. To late now. I've been to 125 votes. What's your take on the mass hysteria over the USA about filth on radio and TV? All them titties man. They're popping out all over the place. They're falling out. Oh, it's speaking to falling out. Christina Aguilar on the Grammy. She had a thing. She even made the comment. Right. How to help she keep those things in there? We just unbelievable. Did you see that? Yeah. Blue. The Bush government and the FCC are obscene 62. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 44. Let's have more sex less violence 32. Freedom in America is dead. 26. It was just one partial T. You morons. 20. What's the big deal? I agree clean it all off now. 13. Five and a half percent are outraged and pissed off. Although they will watch it again. Michael Powell is a grand standing asshole 13. What ever happened to freedom of speech 11 and where do I get my passport quick? Say eight. Right. And local. We're sports radio 560's UAM. The mom baby. Come play with these titties. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's here. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's here. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. We're gonna be the best. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Freedom's in. Welcome. Hell. At damn their kiln, 1103 at 560 WDQM, Mitch Lewis, the Great Mage Lewis, most famous for saying. And, uh, he's gonna be the voice on that show. We were talking about yesterday with the Woodward Worse. See. I think that's gonna be great. That's gonna be on. Fox. The other side of Fox. The left wing side of Fox that makes all the money to subsidize Rupert Murdoch's right wing propaganda machine. Which also the Fox news net. Did they put on that the Fudge story yesterday? Oh no. Is it on their website today? No. Huh. Hey, did we already have the story about, uh, No, presidency's driving record. No. No. Okay. On its way. Oh no. Are you starting to be part of the smear campaign? I've been smearing for a long time. Good. Smurring. Smurring. Smurring. Smurring. Smurring. Okay. I mean, talk about the podcast on the kettle black. They've got Miss Fudge on it with a, with a flashing light. Historical. With a old, woolly bird light on there. Just going crazy yesterday. Oh, here we suck. Let's have penis. And of course he does get excited when it's a penis thing. Believe me. Now, it was Miguel still there. No, he would love. Oh, good. And I don't mean that. Well, no, he's got to take care of this contest stuff. Okay. He's got to oversee that because today is a very significant day. We're not going to end you end. Pres yet. Not yet since this morning. Okay. I just want to keep a, a breast of it. I want to keep a breast. Now, uh, I just do this real quick. Are you on official Sunday? It was unlikely elections could be held in before US had June 30 deadline for any part of the Iraqi. And several Iraq leaders said there was growing support for scrapping the entire US blueprint for establishing a new government. UN Special Envoy Locked Dar Brahini mean while warned Iraqis to be aware of the risk of civil war is they try to find an acceptable Formular for sovereignty. And of course, this is go to screw up all the Carl Rose plans for that election. Right? Right. And I like to have you for the presidential election to make it appear that, oh, everything's under control. Look at that. We got democracy over there. Right. And this is why we have all these terrorists that's going on every day. It again, very disturbing that there weren't all these terrorist acts going on in Iraq every day before the middle of March. We're there. It's a don't occur. Although it was also the fact that Saddam Hussein and the devil were having a gay affair in a South Park, I mean, the timing of the whole thing was for me just so special, It was never fixed. That was made in like 98. 99. 99. How per day. Yeah. They were pressure. Oh, no. Bush's driving records disclosed. The White House disclosed information documents yesterday showing that President Bush had been arrested once for a college prank. And was cited for two auto accidents and two speeding tickets before he lost in the national guard. Well, why is this, OIC? The traffic violations are significantly in the context of Bush's military career. Oh, this is great. Like I said. Oh, no. Thanks, Russell. At the time, Bush and listed in the Texas National Guard, the Air Force typically would have had the issue a waiver for an applicant who had multiple or rested driving violations. An officer was served at the same time as the president, former Texas Air National Guard pilot Dean Room was required by the Air Force to get a waiver for a $25 speeding ticket when he enlisted in the Air National Guard in 1967. There is no record of any enlistment waiver in Bush's military file. And I got to story a little bit later on here. In fact, in a moment or two, Bush, a no show at Alabama bases a Memphis guy. Who was there? Probably a copy. The White House described the four traffic incidents as negligent collisions in July of, I can't read that. I can't read the year. August 62 and two speeding tickets in July on August of 64. Bush was a teenager at the time. Well, there you go. It was just a young soldier. McCullum didn't indicate any cause of the accident. She said, Bush paid a $10 fine for the speeding tickets. A $25 fine for the collisions. It was not immediately clear whether the amounts were for each incident or combined. You think the Bush family could afford it? Chief. Bush's military file contained a second document that also mispronounced for any information on any arrest. Pursons of hit that page is enlistment application or blackout. When it doubt they blacked them on. And that's bad. How do you like that? Hmm. And you have more of this pre-stuff now. That's right. Dan Burton and the Love Child. There's another Republican, another phony, phony balloon. There's so many of them. Like how about the guy from Maryland, Robert Baumann, who was a Bible-thump and right-wing lunatic Republican, who was always doing the homophobic thing. And then they caught him soliciting a 15 year old boy for sex with money. And he became a gay rights activist shortly after that. Quickly Republican party and all of a sudden he turned to the Lord. Yeah. Yeah. Don't forget, like I've always told you, the ones who point the thing. They're the ones who point the fingers. They're the ones to run like crazy when you see him. By the way, I lied about those pictures apparently. We have about a couple three more. Okay. Well, I'll get around when we got plenty of time. They're coming in. They're pumping them in. How's the pull coming? We got such a heavy duty thing here, man. Such heavy duty. And of course, Miguel, no. Oh, you got a kitchen calls. I like the calls. The video QA and hello. How are you doing, Juan? How are you doing, sir? Great. Uh, I couple of comments, uh, the week. One is a little story about my child. He's in fifth grade. He, uh, they were going over all the state birds and bees and plaids and all that stuff. And why I was trepid on them. I would always tell him the state bird is the early bird. Well, he's a joke to like his father, I guess. And he puts that down on a test. The principal calls me up and brings me into school to Monus me about him writing that down. Is the state bird being the early bird? Uh, Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me? No. And then the other comment I was going to make as far as the president and all this stuff going on. Be in blackout and listen that. Hey, he had parents that were able to do things like that. Why not just say it instead of, you know, all this stuff. That's right. His parents were loaded. That he was the head of the CIA. All these things and he had the right connections. Absolutely. Have a great day now. You could. Let's see. What's your take on the massive stereo all over the USA about Phil fun radio and TV? I do want to I mentioned this yesterday, but it's very chillin. Okay, for all the chillin out there in the audience. The Bush government and FCC are of scene 84. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 54. Let's have more sex less violence 45. Freedom in America's dead 28. It was just one partial T you moron's 26. Michael Powell is a grand steady asshole 18. I agree clean all up now 17. That's 5.7%. Whatever happened to freedom of speech 12 and where do I get my passport Quick 10 out of almost 300 votes? Now, I did read this yesterday, but I'm reading it every day. Just to make you understand how bad this be getting now. First read it by the profanity and new to the on television that Cominator with Janet Jackson just in Tinkerbell's sexy Super Bowl dance. Angry lawmakers Wednesday raised the prospect of expanding the fight against Indecency on television to cable networks for the first time. In separate simultaneous hearings members of the House and Senate told members of the FCC and the President of the CBS Viacom that finds could be just the beginning of a new Crackdown on profanity and decency on US airwaves. They're talking about increasing by tenfold defines per violation. One maker's including Republicans usually wary of government regulation. A lot of separate is convenient for their goody to choose posturing. Raise the possibility of getting even tougher such as passing a three strikes and your off the air law that will revoke the FCC licenses of repeat offenders. Senator John McCain, favor to suggestion by the consumers union that Converse required cable and satellite operators to offer all a card programming in which people pick and pay only for the channels they want. Let me say it again. Did you people ever hear a parental control of a lockout on TV in a satellite A cable? No. Congress would have to change the rules governing the FCC before the commission could expand its oversight of cable TV because cable is a subscription service that doesn't use the public airwaves and historically has been out of the FCC jurisdiction. Again, that's the opposite part of this whole story. Doesn't go. See, that's always their rationale. Well, you know, they're they're using we're loaning to them. Then the public airwaves and they're putting all this filth on there while cable doesn't use the public airwaves. People willingly and voluntarily subscribe to and pay for a service and they watch whatever it only want. Without any government intervention or intrusion, but. Because of the times in which we live because we have a bunch of posturing phony hypocrites on both sides of the political aisle, all of whom are terrified of, you know, looking like they're endorsing smut. God forbid. Smut and filth and teach man. Oh, no. We would never do nothing like that. Right? Right. Even Ted Kennedy would never look at a teeth. You're right. I'm saving that story. I think I might read it every day. It's just so astonishing to me. Your savoring it and George was just lucky as all hell. It's a good thing with things you saw toxic with Britney's tears this morning at a nine thirty in a morning. That was good timing. That was like because MTV is now making an effect. Then we have the list. I had the list a couple days ago. Right. There list of five videos that they're going to like start. I don't know when they start doing it. After you've seen enough times to tape it. I'm going to start putting on 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. because, well, it's a little bit too racy for daytime. Because children might see Britney. You know, like they haven't already seen her practically naked as a jay bird. But they get enough or off it enough. No, but like I said. So anyway, there you go. But the censorship just continues. The drum beat for cent as we continue taking these not little teeny tiny steps. But these gigantic huge strides back into the Stone Age man. Into the Stone Age. This bunch makes Reagan look like a goddamn progressive. Well, it's unbelievable. From in the central 11 just calm down. Look at all Ben Adeshay. 12 packs to 11 at 5.60 W to 2m to Mad Dog at 2m to the sap known because Willie Williams is busy. The Humper, a Hickleberg 4 to 6.50 at 6.50. To 11. To 11. Gators at Hurricane Baseball is going to be a four hour game. I know the college baseball games are a little on the long side. I broadcast about 10,000. But 60 to 11. I'll one hour to game is over 80 k. I'll be on till 2 in a morning. And then to the 6 in AM, it's sporting news radio. We apologize in advance for that. President stays only a couple days away. It's on Monday. And every year at President's day, the mall stores in the showrooms go nuts. Trying to pivot you mattresses with phony sales. That's right. The ones where they double the price and say, hey, look at this. We're going to cut it in half and give you 50% off. I'll forget about that. Who want real honest to goodness rock bottom prices with no games on the best mattresses all year round. You know what to do called dial a mattress toll free at 1 800 m. No phony sales. No bait and swish just every day on beatable rock bottom prices on the best mattresses. Go anywhere to make sure you and your back get a great night sleep for years to come. They got silly. Sort of Simmons King Coil. Tempered it can even stir in Savannah's foster. Choose from dozens of models at low unbeatable everyday discount prices. Enjoy a great night sleep for years to come by making just one easy phone call. 1 800 m and only dial a mattress. They're the only one still. We'll let you choose the two art delivery window that meets your schedule any day seven days a week. From 8 a.m to 10 p.m when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you. And guess what? They really show up with low prices same day delivery free set up in Mova. It's easy to see why nobody nowhere comes close to the dial a mattress deal all the way around. So don't get sucked in by those phony presidents they adds or any other ones. Do what the smart folks, including George Brian McGill and Petboy yours truly are doing a QAmen all around town called toll free 1 800 m. That's 1 800 mA TTR ES or online you know where to go. It's mattress.com. My life and look all this is 4 20 5 60 2 2 1 2 1 1. Rogers. Absolutely. I picked up the phone in my home case. I was in it so I'll go to hell. I was so damn relieved I just laughed out loud. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn relieved. I was so damn happy. I was so damn Chilling me. I am Profit 2, director of The Science and Science Squad. When it gets to my head, the captain of the rock company's head is ready to talk. Finally. as the 2nd of proton skating As the 2nd ofс 6. twoJack Milets. In a row walker, Prince Mark has fallen, Pussy1. a heavy hit, Haker with a συthase as the 1st of 2016. Oh, right. I just caughtone Dritt, And I ran a huge beast Lampel and all eight, 11.15.60 WQAM Young-Stound-Dice's reports 19 abuse allegations nonetheless 13 years though thank lord for that because it is Friday the 13. 19 Roman Catholic priest in the Young-Stound-Dice's have been accused of sexually abusing servants since 1950 but nonetheless 13 years and uncornely working in the ministry of the Bishop's City yesterday. The allegations have evolved about 2% of the 1862 priest of work in the die-sees over the past half century. Bishop Thomas Tobin said in releasing details as part of a national report due February 27 from Catholic Bishop's Yadiya. Why do you even face that to me? I know just because it's about more bad police. Oh, sex crime case brings indictment for priest. You are your relentless man your brutal can help it. From the Dallas morning news and one may be the first case of its kind a Dallas County grand jury ended at the Catholic priest yesterday on charge involving sexual contact with another adult male. The Reverend John Anthony Salazar, a popular former church pastor in the small panhandle-time of Tugia, is accused of handing on monotony to the church. The priest who was attorney has previously denied that any crime occurred between him and the 18-year-old, the two had known each other for seven years. As of late yesterday, it couldn't be determined whether fathers Salazar have been arrested. He's not to be living with friends in crests, a few miles south of Tugia. Maybe that's why we want to do them. Can I Tugia? He said no thanks. That's peculiar. Unwanted sexual contact with another words rape or what? Mollast, you know, grab another you never heard of them. I'll tell you what, ask Kobe Bryant about it. What was that kid doing in the motel room with him? Sleeping. I say WQAM hello. Yeah, speaking. No. Yes. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. You sure? Have you seen the new Tony Christian playlist? The one? Tony Christian's who worked about the, you know, the guy that's at Asia's an America. No. I'll check it out. He's the right wing if you're up in arms about. He does a thing about law of Bush visited the by an angel and the ghost of the dead Iraqi children. You can check it out at hominations.com. Okay. I'll take a look at him. Thanks. Read the nation every day. We have lots of fine things at our website every day from Katrina, Vanden, Huvall and David, Corn and all the other great people at the nation. Oh, this is bad. Bush, I know, sure when Alabama bases got from Memphis, here they bought them. You ever see Bob, men's? All the time. Ah, two members of the International Guard Unit that President George W. Bush allegedly served with as the young guard flyer in 72 had been told to respect him around the lookout for him. He never showed, however, of that both Bob, men's and Paul Bishop are certain. The issue of Bush's presence in 1972 at Danley International Guard Basin Montgomery, Alabama, or the lack of it has become an issue in the campaign as we know, because Memphian, men's now 63. I remember that I heard someone was coming to drill with us, to drill with us from Texas. And it was implied that it was somebody with political influence. I was young backslurred than I was looking for somebody to prowl around with. But, says, mince that somebody better known to the world now as the President of the U.S., never showed up at Danley in 1972, nor in 1973, nor at any time that men's a FedEx pilot now, and an Eastern Airlines pilot then, when he was a reserve first lieutenant at Danley, can't remember. And I was looking for him, repeated mince, who said that he assumed that Bush changed his mind and went somewhere else to do with substitute drill. It was not somewhere else, however, but the 187th International Guard Tactical Squadron at Danley to which the young Texas FIRE had requested transfer from his regular Texas unit. The reason being, Bush's wish to work in Alabama on the ultimately unsuccessful U.S. Senate campaign of family-friend Red Blown. It is the 187th Minces unit which was cited during the 2000 presidential campaign, as the place where Bush completed his military obligation. And it's the 187th at the White House continues to contend that Bush belonged to, as recently as this week when presidential spokesman Scott McClull and Louise Paywell records, and later evidence suggesting that Bush's dental records might be on file at Danley. There is no way we wouldn't have noticed a strange rooster in the henhouse, especially when we were looking for him in suspense, which poured over documents relating to the matter now making the way around the internet. One of these is a piece of correspondence addressed to the 187th Commanding Officer, then Lieutenant Colonel William Turnip-Seed concerning Bush's redeployment. Mince remembers a good deal of base scuttle but at the time about the letter which clearly identifies Bush's detransferring party. It couldn't be anybody else with requested such a transfer in a Danley. Mince with one time was a registered Republican and a recent year's cash votes for presidential elections for Ross Perro and Al Gore confesses to a negative reaction to what he sees is out and out dissembling on President Bush's part. You don't do that as an officer, you don't do that as a pilot, you don't do it as an important person and you don't do it as a citizen. This guy's got a lot of nerve, he said. Boy, he's got a lot of nerve. I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, we're going to get to all that Michael Jackson stuff. Too bad news for you though. For day? Bad news for you. Florida Supreme Court upholds Canke or eradication program. Oh, it's too late for me. Yeah, but you were going to be able to sue him though. Not now. Oh well. The state's controversial citizen's canke or law is constitutional, he Florida Supreme Court ruled yesterday. The 33 page unanimous decision rejects a Broward County's judges' contention that the law was based on questionable science and said the late legislature was within its rights to adopt the law so George E. Losen saw this everybody else. Wait, you're lovely. Trees chopped on against you. Well, and your property destroyed in the process. Well, now you're just saying, it's a great show. You always say, say, shut up. And issues whether the state was right and destroying more than 600,000 residential citrus trees on nearly 200,000 South Florida properties including another 176,000 citrus trees are set for destruction. The eradication program is built on the theory that all trees in a 1900s put zone among infected tree are exposed to them will become infected and must be destroyed overnight for the spread of the disease. The impact of the decision of big win for the state's commercial citrus industry was not immediately clear, whether the decision just an hour old, a permanent backwrecker culture consumer for a spokesman Terry Macco-Royce said officials that have more to say later on. This is just tremendous positive news for the industry, so Doug Borneak, executive director of the Indian River Citrus League and association of the largest fruit shippers in the state, Jack Harry for lovely old man who had several citrus trees that may now be vulnerable whose lead plant of in the case had no immediate comment. So there you go, you'll lose. Do you want to come in? But I'm being. I don't think you're being struck. Your property? Just shut up. 26 past 11 and 5 and 60 WQAM. By the way, speaking of skipy, is he an answer or what? Huh? Okay. Reason I say that is because I'm going to talk about our good friends at the Amal Coast Chinese buffet. It's another account that's given her an ad when he came in and started bang and screw in. I think. We think. I'm pretty sure it is. And he just need to do nothing for any of our accounts because he's too busy with her, you know, double over on the desk back in our office back there. He's too busy servicing. Not the accounts just screw in. Anyway, the Amal Coast is still going across strong. They got the best Chinese buffet in the universe. They've got all the regular buffet delights that you've come to know and love. You can start out with six different soups, sampled dozens and billions of suckers on beatable on praise at the Amal Coast. They got your new York strip made awarded their sizzling Asian grilled. The brand new seafood say, John oysters on a half shell, a less can stone crab, middle neck clams, jumbo shrimp, scampy every night. They've got handcar, primary of the brand new time specialties. So if you're looking for a place to really pick out, we're talking about fresh delicious goodies. It's always the Amal Coast. Will they promote healthy living, too? Like I always tell you, no MSD headaches because guess what? They don't use any MSD, no cornstarch, no crap, and they cook everything only in the best cholesterol free oils as well. They're buffet features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh from Comtele and if by some miracle your real pig and have remut at the end of all of that, they've got a great desert station, too featuring Belgian mothles. How'd you like you when they're with fat boy and Zank? No. Oh, sorry, we're closed. We're just putting the sign up right away. Sorry, we just closed. But it's only one o'clock. Yeah, but we're close for you guys. Amal Coast features a full desert station featuring Belgian mothles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit, even we have a watermelon all the time, too. Amal Coast has three soft little occasions for you. In sunrise, Pine Island, a 44th street. They run Collins Avenue just north of 160, third-speed and North Miami Beach and at the other section of Flamingo and Pembroke's in Pembroke's. So take the whole family, the gottsamish fahah or book your next business luncheon and let the folks at Amal Coast cook up a storm for you. Man, you can't be did. Take out and delivery always available, too. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. The rest are all imitators that can't even come close to the Amal Coast, Chinese buffet. Amal Coast! This is for 205-60. We're 2 am. Goal? 6. Still known. At 5.60WQ, OBEDNU's president pushes an all-time low-point in public approval. Oh, yes. Terrible news. The press by questions about the war in Iraq continued economic frustration. Public interest in his leading Democratic rival, according to the ABC News Washington Post Paul, pushes and I'll take another one. What was the appell I was reading this morning, which one was that? Oh, that was today in the Washington Post today. Yes. The latest Washington Post ABC poll and, uh, pitting Bush against Kerry shows, Kerry 51% Bush 43. Ooh. Bush's overall job approval rating is fallen to 50% that's why they're starting out with the penis attack. I mean, they are forming it tomorrow, and they wanted to do rail to Kerry campaign before gets off the rails. That's what they want to do. Bush's overall job approval rating is fallen to 50% of career low as rating for honesty and trustworthiness is likewise at a new low he's feeling mighty low. For the first time, fewer than half Americans now say the war with Iraq was worth fighting, 57% disapproval Bush's performance in terms of job creation, and, like I said, only moments to go up over to kept on reading, and John Kerry leads him in a head to head match up 51 to 43%. And you like that? A lot? I just mentioned that in passing. 560560 on a AT&T in Paris and wireless line lots of stuff today, man. Got a heavy, heavy plate. Get out your folk. What's your take on the mass hysteria over in the USA over, filth on radio and TV? That's our pull question on theorages.com. So get out your pull and check it. 400 votes. The Bush government and the FCC are obscene 108. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 75. Let's have more sex. Let's violence. 57. It was just one partial T.U. Moron's 38. Freedom in America's dead 35. I agree. Clean up now. 32. 8% of that numbers rising man. They're parked off about it. They're getting porkey. Michael Paule's a grandstanding ass. Hold 23. What ever happened to a freedom of speech? 19. What do I get my passport quick? 13 out of 400 votes. I'll get ready for the official Clark endorsement of John Kerry to get ready for it. Okay. Well, Judy Woodruff is hyperventilated. Oh, that's pray. Added to an image. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Michael Moore speaking to people who might have been ex-president. Michael Moore and open letter to George Amelwar president Bush. Dear Mr. Bush. Thank you for providing the illegible 0x partial payroll sheets or whatever they were yesterday. Covering a few of your days in the national guard. Now we know that not only didn't you complete your tour of duty, you were actually paid for work you never did. Did you cash those checks? Wouldn't that be illegal? Watching the press aggressively demand the truth from your press secretary and refusing to reset the deceit to dodging in the coverup was a sight to behold something we really haven't seen since you took office. More than one reporter pointed out that those pieces of paper your press secretary waited to me yesterday mean nothing. Even if they aren't forged documents getting paid doesn't necessarily mean you showed up to do your duties as we tarried army Colonel Dan Smith the 26 year old veteran told the AP pay records don't mean anything except that you're in or you're out Sit Smith it doesn't necessarily reflect what duty you've actually performed because pay records simply Becord your unit of assignment and then all of your pay and benefit per pay period. Mr. Bush this issue is not going to go away and I think yesterday's actions just dug you into a deeper hole says Michael more you're probably wondering why the heck this story just won't die. You probably thought that after I brought it up last month and I got signed by Peter Jennings for uttering the D word Deserter the whole matter we just disappeared as fast as a big bag of blow being thrown out the window of a speeding car I need deserted main highway. But your desertion didn't go away and here's the reason why you've sent countless numbers of our sons and daughters in the national Guard to their deaths in last 11 months. You did this while misleading their parents and the nation with bogus lies about weapons and mass destruction and scary phony Sodom ties to Al Qaeda. You sent them off to a never ending war so that your benefactors at Halibut and in your company could line their pockets. And then you had the audacity to prance around in the soldiers uniform on an aircraft carrier for a claiming mission accomplished while the cameras from your re-election campaign ad agency rolled. That is what makes this whole business if you're being a while so despicable and makes the griefster can relatives want to turn away from you and discuss. The reason you're skipping out on your elismit didn't matter in the 2000 election was because we were not at war. Being stuck in a deadly, deadly quagmar now in 2004 makes your military history fiction and your flyboard costume a very relevant. You've still not answered the questions around your national guard service. Let me repeat the miscipleas I can for you. All of them based on the investigative work of the AP and the Boston Globe. One, how were you able to jump ahead of 500 other applicants to get into the Texas air national guard? Let's guarantee you wouldn't have to go to Vietnam. What caused your father, who was then a US congressman representing Texas, make on your behalf for you to get to the assignment? Two, lobby you grounded not allowed to fly after either failed your physical or failed to take it in July 72. Was there a reason you were afraid to take the physical or did you take it in not pass it? If so, why didn't you pass it? Was it the urine test? The record showed that after the guard spent years in lots of money training you to be a pilot, you never flew for the rest of your time in the guard. Why? Three, can you produce one person who can verify that he served with you in the guard during the year that your Texas commander said you didn't show up? Why do you fail to bring forth anyone who served with you in the guard while you were in Alabama? Why hasn't one single person come forward? Four, can you tell us what you did when you claimed to have shown up in Alabama for guard duty? What were your duties you were grounded so what did they have you to instead? Five, where are the sign-ups sheets that would have your name and service number on them for each weekend you showed up? Aaron Brown on CNN told us how when he was in the reserves he had a sign in each time he reported and is getting from the Washington Post said that's right and there would be four copies of that record in the files of various agencies. Were you asked those agencies to release those records? Six, if you were in fact paid for the time when you apparently went AWOL, will you authorize the IRS to release your 72-73 tax returns? Seven, how did you get an honorable discharge? What strings were pulled? Who called who? Look, I'm sorry to have to put you through all of this. I was just goofing around with made that comment about why I'm to see the debate between the general and the deserter. I had no idea that it would lead to this. And there you were having to suffer through Tim Russo on Sunday saying weird things like, I'm a war president. I guess you believe that or want us to believe that Americans have never voted out a command to retrieve during a war. I guess that's what you're hoping for. You need the war. But we don't, and our troops in the National Guard don't either. I know you see the writing on the wall, so why not come clean now? We're forgiving people, although you won't be returned to the White House. You will find this a little bit grateful for a little bit of truth. Answer our questions, apologize to the nation, and bring our kids home. Yours truly, Michael Moore. I have it here. Is he great? Yes. He doesn't pull any punches, doesn't be around a bush. He's got all the facts there to support what he talks about. Just doesn't make up a bunch of crap. Just doesn't throw mud and slink from one side of the other like Miss Fudge. Good, God. That whole thing is just, it makes you want to pute. How can a person live with himself just to be used? Just to be, he's got to be getting paid awfully well, you know? He's got to be way up there on that payroll. Oh, here we go. Chris Leslie Clark and go she's here. He's getting near the microphone way. And we include everyone. Produce him. He's still a pedicative way from the mic. It's a hand-high heat. He's warm. He's getting near the mic. How are Dino so much? He's warm. He's warm. Somebody push the general near the microphone, please. 18 Alunut 560 WQM guys Valentine's Day is tomorrow. Be original this year. Give a rock for Montenibre instead of the same old tired, wilting flowers man. That stuff is so old it's ancient it's passay. For the price of it doesn't roses, they Vermont teddy bear keeps giving and giving it last a lifetime. Two's from lots of great bears like to be my Valentine bear. The chocolate lover bear or the love me tender Elvis bear. When it arrives, she'll be completely surprised. Think of the greatest guy for sending such a thoughtful gift. Then maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping and praying for and haven't had in probably a hell of a long time. Over night delivery for Saturdays guaranteed still. It only takes five minutes to order so just call us number right now. 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear. Council will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine Valentine. Deliver with remember Mr. Valentine? See, about Valentine's. For your Valentine's. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermonttittybeard.com. Don't forget you've still got time. Send your Valentine to creative alternative flowers with an eat little Vermont teddy bear. Call 1-800-829 bear. Make sure and tell them that crusty old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. 5-1-800-829-B-E-A-R. 5-1-800-829-B-E-A-R. 5-1-800-829-B-E-A-R. 5-1-800-B-E-A-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-E-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. 5-1-800-B-R. On the right-hand side, there's a small hallway of about six feet to another door on the left. As soon as anyone comes to the first door and alarm goes off, and the camera mounted about the second door shows on the monitor in his bedroom who's approaching. A visitor first enters a large sitting room, a sort of a throne room, of about 500 square feet, where he has a chair where the king sits with other a chair has grouped around. A group to round. Other chairs grouped around, at least as of the bedroom, nobody's allowed in there, even guests. According to a confidential report prepared for the Chandler suit, electric guys were installed in the ceiling, 10 feet from the bedroom door, and the system was always active when Jackson was at the ranch. The alarm was loud enough to be heard in the bathroom even with a shower running. The alarm was not installed to deter prowlers or kidnappers, the security outside was sufficient for that. Infrared beams planted every 20 feet in concrete beams on 17 feet of the ground. The bedroom alarm was strictly to alert Jackson to the presence of anyone outside his door. Inside the bedroom closet was a special cedar closet built to hold the original owner's furors. The vertical stainless steel panels between the two closets were lower when a five digit secret code was triggered, in case of a security risker ran supervisor would alert Jackson by intercom and tell him, Michael Gaudier room. This was the signal for Jackson to lock himself into fur vault, once things were under control the supervisor would let him out. As for other surveillance, Myeongholi says Michael has a very bad habit of videotaping and recording everyone, his entire house is wired so we can hear conversations anywhere, kind of like Alistair on passions. A similar situation set up on Jackson Tramble's security has a monitoring room with cameras trained on the hallway with hotel suite and on the interior of the suite. One of the largest bills in the expense reports filed in Leeds case was from a local audio visual store for hundreds of thousands of dollars. One time in New York I got a hundred and fifty thousand dollar bill for surveillance equipment as Leeds sister, so young. And her other sister, if too young, who was the chief league officer for Jackson International between 1921. She was up and frustrated because this door's invoice is never specified what the money actually went to purchase, but she thought that was the way Michael wanted it. Once Michael bought seventy thousand dollars worth of merchandise, they were very difficult to deal with because they were very secretive about what it was that Michael bought. I heard it was mostly surveillance equipment to watch his own staff, kind of like Alistair on passions. Young Holy, who traveled over the world with Jackson observed his behavior at first hand. He had a number of guests in the suite for the night. They were always boys in the 10 to 13 year old range Leeds. I've never seen him share a suite with an older teen boy, a girl and or an older female. I thought it was very strange, he said. A family from the Netherlands with two young boys did with Jackson in his suite in the Sun City in South Africa when he was along. The parents stayed just as June Chandler, Jordi's mother had in the suite, but in a different bedroom. Leed paid the bills for the family's first class holiday in Gifts. Jackson's own children often stayed in rooms away from the suite, and security and staff usually slept in different parts of the hotel altogether. For anyone familiar with the Jordi Chandler, case seeing the current boy lovingly lay his head against Jackson's shoulder, and he Martin Bisher documentary was a shock. The boy was very much the same type as Jordi, the same age and repeatedly the same word. Repeated the same words of Jackson once allegedly a told Jordi, if you love me you'll sleep on the bed. Jackson even had the same nickname for both Jordi and this boy, Rubba, the boy made a clear on camera hover over the Jackson's sub to the floor. The documentary aired in the US on February 6 but had been broadcast three days earlier in Britain and it immediately caused the stir because of Jackson's admissions about his habit of sleeping with little boys. Suddenly the grandparents' neighborhood was filled with TV satellite trucks. The mother claims she hadn't even known that the special was being made when either television was produced the special, claimed that it had gotten permission from the maternal grandmother which the grandmother denies. If he did well on the show, Jackson allegedly told the boy he would help him get into show business. The boy praised him on the program soon after the taping with the boy was complete, Jackson took off. I should be that sentence again. If he did well on the show, Jackson allegedly told the boy he would help him get into show business. The boy praised him on the program soon after the taping with the boy was complete, Jackson took off. Then suddenly about the time the documentary was shown on ABC's 2020, Jackson invited the boy to Florida, ostensibly for a news conference which never took place. The mother said she insisted that she and the boy two siblings go along with Chris Tucker on a private jet. According to the family accounts Jackson was peaved and made it clear he thought the mother was expendable. After several days in Miami where Jackson allegedly gave the boy alcohol, everyone flew back together and there was reportedly more drinking of Jesus' juice. Out of coke cans to be continued. It just gets worse and worse and more and more in criminally. There is no doubt how did no doubt are on the poious day. There is no doubt. You have any doubt? None. Good. Also, I just missed that. Damn it. During Kagan just as suspicious as a whole. A whole something. All right. I piss you some propitious. We'll get to it. Down the CNN. Anyway, 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Landoffer. Good join Joe Costello for happy hour today. 430 to 630 to 780 to 780 JP Mulligan's on. Tafron Flingungo and Pembroke Fines. Stop by for three dollar bets and bets lights. Plus when T-shirts and Panthers to get two. Panthers one or third in the row against the halfless pathetic. Shouldn't be and a league no more Pittsburgh penguins last night. 5 to 1. I just mentioned that passing. Please beat the pathetic Columbus forwarder one last night too. And don't forget to join Jo Castello and Mark Eisenberg tomorrow noon to two at Lordaale BMW at 14,800 Sheridan Street Stopped by to win prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs where Iris the best and the food is damn good too Two hours and five minutes of the deadline for our hot couple's contest email was picks contest in order rages.com What just said you another one we got about 20 In by the time all we got 19 or 20 if you sent me one more we got 20 and by the end of name might have about 30 man What is the prize me at all we got 27 now we do yes 27 27 like I said about 30 man five years of the show maybe more Let's see times as if Michael more needed a kidney were long and we're not he has mine anything to keep my life another hundred years. It's tinny gate Yeah, you got a Tom Titi gate and penis gate and body part gate and OG is a bang in this one who care you know I don't think anybody even cares no more see that's the part that's gonna bother them They care if the person was a wall and then prince to be a war hero and since all these kids off to die for war that we shouldn't be fighting they care about that There's a lot of things they do care about but some things they don't care about that much anymore because they've already been thanks to Miss Fudge and then whole a penis gate It can be star they've already been desensitized to that crap and I like I said yesterday, but I really understand the significance of it It's a damn good thing the stuff is happening now right because now they understand the desperation of the Republican National Committee and Carl Roe And the bushmaster because they know that they're really heavy duty stuff has come and Adam this time and there's still several months before the election And so they're gonna unleash every kind of dirt they're gonna stick their nose into carries a back home to his crotch just like drug jury tort says what was that headline it was great What what oh delving into a carolving into carries a pants delving deep in there. I was I think I'll pass on that He might like those Canadians Four minutes till noon at five sixty wqm if you think it'll buy in the new car truck if you want to save yourself a hell of a lot of cash Here's what you ought to do make the trip and visit armstrong's Toyota homestead There on US one it's only twenty minutes south of the eight thirty six and armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth it Drive to save thousands and zillions of dollars on great new Toyota's you can't beat their deals like these and O4 Corolla loaded including air that you own for just twelve nine ninety and O4 canry with air automatic and lots more just 16 ninety need to truck how about this in O4 Toyota Tundra the safest truck in America from just 14 ninety When you buy your new vehicle armstrong's Toyota homestead you get a free sun pass and this was the first dealer in all a south photo off of your feet Hairs and batteries for a life general manager David rich in a staff will do whatever it takes to treat you right and put you in a great deal with a new Toyota today Experience the armstrong Toyota homestead difference locally open operate in the committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction A probably big fans of George arms drawn to the chief their service department and so put a weeknight's late to late to make sure your service work is done and done right Easy to get there like I said conveniently located at US one and two hundred ninety third street in homestead just twenty easy minutes south of the eight thirty six So if you Fed up headed up to your ears with those mega dealers who over promised under deliver called David rich armstrong's Toyota homestead GM at 305 2423247 that's 305 2423247 for armstrong's Toyota of homestead grab a little and save a hell of a lot on that great new Toyota We're sports radio five six 2 a.m Mark Morgan is the twelve to one hour on Q 8 On the next beer factor, also an entertainment approved by the FCC seal of good White Housekeeping We locked at CC chairman Michael Powell in a room with nothing but a screen that flashes pictures of boo Seeing this mic this is a boo micy a boo Stop this filter out by you see this one see this one here my he it's a bumper sticker for the fight again breast cancer It will be wait for me my little sis here's my breath Dear factor with Michael Powell must see TV for the minds of ignorant little babies Brought to you by direct TV now with over 200 cows and garbage is I was born I heard the book of Brian's voice in the middle that break the new Maybe just briefly what about my bad 12.03.560 WCM GM. But he disbrings the facts is this from the fort Myers news press one of America's prestigious papers, but important in Florida and for us Vultures will not be asked to repeal the class size reduction amendment this year because broad subublic because of broad public support for it Broad the public the public a lot of broads in a public and the politics around in the upcoming presidential election The key legislative city yesterday state Senator Bert Saunders Republican and Naples who's leading the effort to ask voters to partially be purely amendment said the plan is not to put the measure on a ballot November 2006 because of the nature of the issue there are a lot of people are concerned that this is not the best year to put it on a pallets on her said Paul show for reading support the constitutional amendment voters passed in 2002 and governor jab bush does not want anything with her fair with his brothers reprop Reelection bid Saunders said yesterday That is not true said jacab dp entry bush spokesman that has no bearing he said bush supports a full repeal because of the multi billion dollar cost But has an endorse to plan Saunders clarified as a marks later after they made him an offer he couldn't refuse to remember Dr. David Kelly The governor has not made any formal announcement he said he's basically been quiet It's my belief that part of it has to do with the national implications as well as pulling information Lee county school superintendent James Browder who loves his toutor said school board chairwoman Jean dozier Who wants with Saunders at the veranda on Thursday said the veram bruh being told that bush didn't want a robust initiative in the election was part of the reason That was a consideration dosures said not wanting anything controversial on the ballot get it Don't want interference with the chance to fix I mean to get his brother or a win in Florida again This November see what they realize is it's not even going to be close this time right because we're going to get all the dark folks are going to get out to vote the revenge factor That's right because they're going to be even without Catherine Harris running for anything except for her right there again. It wouldn't she in that plane. I think I read about that on the sludge report that she was on some kind of a plane. They're not going to be deterred by roadblocks this time either They're going to go right there. That's right. They're going to crash right through those roadblocks affected. They see a roadblock. They're going to floor it is what I think Oh, right. Right. And since everybody says carpooling is a great idea. There's going to be just loads in every car. I'm going to have mine the trunk under their ass under the seat right right dark folks are great pickers. I mean you name it. illegal aliens 498 votes on that poll. Now let's see the one of course registered in What's your take on a massive stereo already west about fourth on radio and TV? I agree clean it all up now 38 7.6% clean it up now like Carl or told what's your name in the godfather? Now what he said? You get a brand clean it up now you get a brand. That's what he told me. 56705. Who would that was your name? Kenoshire. Connie. Connie. I'm so sorry. See, it's almost the weekend. I need to know if we can refresh my brain. What's left of it? 567056. I give the numbers out because once in a while here we'll slip in a call or two just to keep the yellow happy back there in promotions. Right? Right. He's not happy if I read for the whole solid four hours plus I'm just now I think today is the turning point for me. You notice I'm not like gagging and choking and puking. Right clean as a whistle. Oh, and I'm glad I mentioned that mad dog. I'm sure he's not listening to my nubble. Will somebody please tell him he doesn't have a cold. I heard him yesterday. You hear him? Nope. All scratchy and easily completely have happened a cold. He's got symptoms of a cold which is what hand can and what you had and what I've had now three and a half weeks. It took me to get rid of the two m corporate crud a place where we have no exterminator. Of course, if you're going to be exterminated, you don't need one in that building because they do a good job of it already. We got ants up the ass in that building all over the studio the Georgia sit in right now. Josh has probably got ants in his pants. And we got the filth. It's just filth and mung. So there's a corporate disease in advance and that's why everybody more had it. Right? Absolutely. The humper headed said he told me to come over three weeks to get rid of it. Just like me three weeks plus to get this garbage out of your system. So thanks a lot, Greg. Hope you enjoy that sushi man. 5-6-7-0-5-60. Pound 5-60 on it. See, he probably don't even like sushi but he feels that it's very hip and very in need sushi, right? Okay. And talk about sports a lot. Sports. WQM, hello. Hi. What's the tell-leo? If they wanted to keep the social, if they wanted to keep the Republicans up. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Yeah. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Nothing. He means well. He just turned 100 and he is turned up in Serenade. It's just relaxed. It's right in the 13th. He's just to do it the best he can which is pretty terminal but what do you expect me to get to be 148? Was an a thuseless grandpa? WQM, hello. Hey, can I talk to me? Speaking. I know. My recipe. I'm one of your few and proud female colors. Well, I would. I would. I bet it's going back to your Michael Jackson stuff. It reminded me of your Buffalo Bill's kit. Can you play that? Do you remind you the Buffalo Bill's kit? The, the solution in the basket that's got to go. Oh, that's got to go. A little bit. I'll talk about the football team. No. You got it. Sweetheart. Have a great weekend. Thank you. See you, Cynthia. Bye-bye. Yeah. Once you said Buffalo Bill's, I thought she was talking about that. Phil, and now what you thought? Buffalo Phil. Sure. That's immediately in the course to show that we're two and a day with a sports stuff. We've been brainwashed. See, but that's not what we're playing. We're playing the, it puts the lotion in the basket. Pretty, pretty soon we're playing that. Here's an article in, what is this publication? Oh, it's a website. Business 2.0 blog. It's a blog. And it says, is this man obese? See, this whole thing with that, can you? Let me say it again. What, what Miss Fudge is doing with the carry stuff, a throne, all this, all this shmirman, all this crap over there. It's the old philosophy of if you put it out there, and didn't I mention this the other day when they started with the Atkins being 60 pounds overweight, and it started showing up in every major news paper. And then that works. Oh my god, look at this when he died, it was 253 pounds. He was a fat slob, but he know about dieting. Well, guess what? Here are photos. If you look at the speaker of your radio, I guess we could put this on our website. I hold it up to the light and see it. Oh, look at that. Here are photos of Dr. Bob shortly before his death before he had that slip and fall. It says, is this man obese? It's hard to believe Robert Atkins way 258 when he died last April as the Wall Street Journal contented Tuesday. Last February, just a couple of months before his death, I had dinner with a doctor at a French restaurant on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, and was most struck by how frail he seemed. He wasn't thin, but it was hard to see his physique exactly because of the day after a big blizzard. He was wearing a thick sweater. Atkins ordered fish, went without bread or potatoes, had tapuccine with cream. He did say something about wine to take off a few pounds, but we're talking three pounds, not 50. These photos were taken for our story on February 24, about two months before his April 17 death. Does he look as if he's 60 pounds of away to you? Oh, absolutely not. In fact, he don't look like he's really maybe a couple of pounds, but like the guy says, three isn't exactly 50 or 60. So, I close to showing again, it's the big lie, like Hitler said. You know, just keep screaming it, repeating it. Who was Hitler said in Joseph Gearble? It's not like that. Donald Rumsfeld, John S. Croft, one of them. Richard Pearl, one of those guys. Not the one on Waxy, by the way. You jackass, man. So, just, you know, get in the media and have everybody, and that's exactly what they try to do with his carry thing. It's kind of like Lewinsky, Gate, Penis, Gate, Part Two. Oh, and I don't think it's going to stick this time, Matt. I don't think it's going to happen, Matt. You might be something sticking to your echo. You'll go wash it off. Okay, people are talking. God, I'm never, I'm not going to look at that thing again. And I'll say it one more time if you want to have some real good information. And a few lives at the same time. Click on it link drudge.com on our website. Drudge.com for the drudge retort. Where you'll get some real facts. And like I said, a few would lives at the same time at the somebody's expense. And deservedly so. Hope you're proud of yourself, Lynn. Problem is past noon at five, 60 WDQA. Am I in a wrong hour in the log? Maybe. I think I Schmidt can the a new hour to log. That's throughout out. I'm in a war clock hour. I almost done that. Oh, where did I live at George? I already did the 12 o'clock, actually. You're, uh, you know, we're skipping an hour today. Maybe you didn't, uh, pass me an hour or maybe I just Schmidt can. Do you think that's possible? That you did the 12 and I don't think you did the 11. Okay, so what do we got coming up now? You can pass me a during the breaking. Pass me a copy of it. So I have some idea what we're doing. Sure. What are we doing now? I don't know. You have no lives, but right now. Oh, like you said, you have no lives, but right now. So just hit the button dummy. Oh, my. This is what you're going to do. You way, yeah. And in the basket. This is Debbie. Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And somebody can't or I'm in some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if you get some coming talk. And lip augmentation has medical rest, surgery, face to face, all of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering. Oh, you're like, stir it. Well, I, I, I, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, yeah, my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you be breast implants, though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I'm not there. We do right away. The notion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. Your laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip or suction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm looking actually. We can tell you that one would be. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Well, do you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Um. My name is buffer will be on. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I know. It's a lotion in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It works the lotion in the basket. In the basket. Uh, okay. Would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Yeah. It works the lotion in the basket. Yeah. So, would you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back? Yeah. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in thezone relationship. Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the trim, okay? It works the lotion in the basket. No. The 2018 little bit confusion when it's long thing here today because then here today because in Ed Brake Vermont teddy bear was the expan. My bad. Ha ha ha ha. So I guess I'll do it in the next break. Okay, whatever. We're just doing whatever to how we want because it's Friday. It's Friday the 13th. What we bound to have like a little. Oh sure, you bet. I'm bound. Up. You'd like to be. That mode back to normal. Oh, wait to hear this story. A little something, a little levity here in the middle of all this. Teen accused of freaking card reader. I love this from Newark, New Jersey. Where it really stinks all the time. A teenage boy posing as a banker, dupped in Ohio Card dealership in delivering a $123,000 B.M. W.T. To him, at his high school police said yesterday. Excellent. Now great. A second order was never shipped after the dealership became suspicious and the team was arrested. The first car was later found in Rolling North Carolina. He apparently sold a car and it up in a dealership in North Carolina said the tech of Scott Davis of the Deville in Ohio Police no kind of George Davis used to drive it North Philadelphia on. The boy was 16 early January when he were to the 12th cylinder 2004 B.M. W.760 L.I. with black sapphire metallic paint and a heated steering wheel on seats. He told him to ask an auto group that his bank would confirm the wire transfer authority said it was 16. After completing and returning paperwork that was mailed to his home, the team called the dealership were paying to be a banker confirming the transfer. The car was delivered to him at Dickinson High School's January 27th to accept the boy turned 17. Why are you fixing me to hold logging? I got a list of a fund. Huh? Just keep fixing all these. Just to try to confuse me. Okay. I already did this hour. Okay. Trust me. Did that hour. Are you sure? Anyway. I really. The same day he ordered a second car but when they were not a group learned the first payment was never made dealership contact to the police, the boy was arrested at his jersey city home late last month. Police said the team was not to find. He did use his correct name as far as I know Davis said that's pretty smart. The team is charged with theft by the septum. The team was no longer in custody. Authorities didn't release his name because he's a juvenile. They're pretty clever one and he sure drives a fancy car. I'll send it that. Right? Right. At a hard bargain. Yeah. He drives a hard bargain. What's your take speaking of hard bargains? What's your take on the mass hysteria all over the US about Phil on radio and TV? Although I don't think that really is mass hysteria all over the US, I think it's just in Washington, DC with the SEC and a bunch of cowardly politicians. Democrats, Republicans, independents, a bunch of cowards, a bunch of sphineless, phony cowards who are all screwing their brains out, but they have to put on a goody two shoes, uh, act for them because it's an election year especially. I mean, even in any year, they have to act like, oh, well, we were not a favor of that, but in election year, forget about it, right? Right. 541 votes. The Bush government and the FCC are obscene, 147. Absolutely. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 99. Let's have more sex. This violence, 178. It was just one partial T, you moron's 54. That's what started this whole thing. Was a Titi. Freedom and America's dead, 46. I agree. Clean it all up now. You're getting bastard 38 people, 7%. Michael Powell is a grandstanding asshole, 33. Whatever happened to freedom of speech 29. And where do I get my passport quick, 17? We could tell you, but we won't. Right? Right. We won't. I got to get me in my passport renewed, no matter fact. It's starting to get filled up. Oh, how many more pages? Look. It's a lot. Huh? I just had the logic. It's a world mine. God, it's sending me the long page after the long page. I guess we're staying on film midnight. Oh, right. Man, we got to sponsor the win. We're missing. Okay, it's a, we're all said. No more long, please. It's official. And I already told you this little while ago, but just to make you know, let me ask you this question. If Wesley Clark believed that there was any chance that this fudge crap, I shouldn't say that. Easy. That this misfudge stuff was going to stick about carry in the intern and about the sex scandals. Do you think that if he thought there was any chance of that stick, and that he would have endorsed carry today? No. Retired Army General Wesley Clark endorsed his former Democratic rival John Kerry today called him the next president of the United States. That absolutely. Clark appeared with Kerry and Wisconsin and Stanny Far from the microphone. Clark paid tribute to Kerry's military service and Vietnam and said he would do everything he could to help Kerry win the Democratic presidential nomination in the White House. Before Clark made the announcement of Democratic source called Clark's endorsement a significant step forward for the Kerry campaign, particularly with Ross Southern and Military votes to Kerry, who's one trouble the first 14 Democratic contests. There we go. And by the way, he's got many points. Kerry is ahead and Wisconsin. About 30, man. About 30, man. Well, like an echo in here. That's right. That happens to be correct. About 30 points ahead in the polling and Wisconsin. I wonder if the good doctor knows that yet and is a me a swift. Do you think that they know that he's 30 points ahead? The Navy said, sir, a request permission to come aboard the Army's here. That was cute. Wasn't it any big hug? I think a little tongue to there. Kerry stuck his tongue right down the general coat and he liked it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 160, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line, less than two hour deadline for the entries to our hot couple's contest to you. Why don't you have a chance to win one of those trips or dinner for two of the pizza law? Email us pictures to contest at neorodges.com and they must be received by the time the little hand hits the big hand by the time the second hand hits bingo at the two o'clock. Right. Right. Otherwise, two late. You're the most, I must say, look really good. Right. Thank you, Amy. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Pretty good. Listen, I just want to say how everybody now is talking about us to ask you and how he was overweight and all that. They have to, they have to go the ball to say that. But then you got to get a nice, the guy, we just, they have some hope, what's the name so? Film a grong. No, they have some hope. They have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to, they have to. If you're still filming grong, that's what I just said. And he comes out with a title book and this guy is Saturdays an adult in the water. It's an excellent point, sir. We're going to hand you the Nobel Prize for Perspectacacity, excellent point. Thank you. Thank you. And he's right. Mm-hmm. Since when was being slim a prerequisite now, Dr. Stilman, which is before your time, he's to be on a Jack Partial, by the way. The great Jack Part. Dr. Irving Irwin Maxwell, Stilman, he would be right about the time-at-can started, not before them, because just little before I can see, he had the Stilman Diet, which was very similar. It was, but not so much fat. And he was very slim. But there have been a Diet Doctors, and Dr. Phil is a big fat type of crap, okay? Underline the crap part. All there he goes again. See, that's what we're talking about, Phil for America, including on this radio show. We want to clean up each and every piece of that crap. If Neil Ever says, again, that's going to be it. So that's a good point. And, you know, I mean, that kid's diet's been around for many, many years. I'm pretty mad. So what is the point? Was he fat back when he started it? Oh, in the middle of it? Oh, we went to the Sagraste that appearance and sold 700 of his books with him. Was he fat? Oh. But anything, man, to manipulate and twist the truth, it's tragic. Like I said before, just lie and lie and get a bunch of the people in the media to go on TV and lie for you and in the newspapers. And all of a sudden, everybody believes it. They buy it. In fact, a religion bull crap. 26 past noon at 5, 60 WQAM don't forget Valentine's Day is tomorrow. But the good news is, it's not too late. It's not too late to be originally there. This year instead of flowers, which are dead, and they will no time at all. And forgotten about, give her a Vermont teddy bear because it lasts forever. For the price of just a dozen roses, the Vermont teddy bear keeps giving and giving it last a lifetime. Choose from lots of great bears like to be my Valentine bear, the chocolate lover bear, the love me tender Elvis bear. But it gets there. She'll be completely surprised and she'll think at least for a while that you're the greatest guy for sending such a thoughtful gift. And maybe you might get lucky to and get the gift that you've been hoping and praying for on your knees. Over night delivery for Saturday is guaranteed too. So like I said, you still have time. But do it now. It takes just five minutes to order. Just call toll free. 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor who knows their stuff will help you choose the perfect bear for your Valentine. And live it with free chocolate in their famous gift box. And you haven't lived that you've seen their gift box. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. This year do the right things. And you've all the time to create a alternative flowers. A cute little Vermont teddy bear who put a big smile on her push. Call 1-800-829 bear and tell mold Neil Tordy to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. My life is local. We are sports video 560-C-U-A-M. It's a bunch of hoots. Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow. Thank you inside your favorite celebrity's home. It's empty-z crib. Today we're in Chappaclaw, New York. Hey, cribs. Wake up, so soon, gossip. Ooh, watch your step now and I'm tripping on my rubbers. We're new for more rain. Here you go, cribs. Check it out. My pride and joy. My celebrity, cheese-doodle collection. Ooh, look at this one here. Looks like Mr. Spock. See the ears? Over here. It's my boom boom room. Blub bed wall. Oh, Billy. I've been waiting for you. I'm so... Yeah? Stimophilia Mord. Next room. Here is my kitchen. I'll come on over and play with me, Billy. Hot cheeks on the griddle. Next room. This is my TV room. I'll feed you, come on, baby. You're one. Surround, monkey love sound. Next room. You know what? Maybe we should just head outside. Check it out. Here's my pool. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Break chicks in the fountain. Which one will Bill Clinton was? The TV crib. Come on. Come on. Prof. 32 at five, 60, W. K. A Mad Dog at two, the Humperate 4. We got their Hurricanes baseball, Gators at the 90. 10 to 7. I got the great equipment, but you're so I'm going to be busy now. Okay. Wow. He's almost too pretty. You know what I mean? No. What do you mean? Well, to be able to know what I mean. Well, he's just pretty. He's just a party. That a party male. Yeah. And his one picture there is that his brother is that his one of his brothers. Brother. Is that his significant other? No. He's a quarterback for Notre Dame. If anybody doesn't know who Brady Quinn. Just take a Tom Brady and Pat Quinn. And for me, that's easy. By the way, at least one last night. Oh, the Panther. Anybody care? No. Not in that crowd. And there he is with some. Surely. Ugly Notre Dame chicks. I don't want that. I don't know. They're not too good. But anyway, thanks for the pictures. Whoever said that. That just made my whole weekend. Man, I'm sitting here with my nose right on the screen on my monitor. I'm honoring it. 560, 705, 60, pound, five, 60, all the AT&T. It's enough to make me a Notre Dame fan. Not. Like I said, it's a fabulous thing. Notre Dame sucks. And he's the quarterback. So what's not to like? Maybe he sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. Yes, sir. Just a couple of quick questions. And please collect me if I'm lost. You're, I think you might be wrong. Okay. First. How correct you if you're wrong? Wasn't the current administration the one that made a very significant part of their campaign. The issue of the fact that there was too much government involvement in our daily lives. Oh, but that's supposed to be a, that's a staple of supposedly conservative philosophies that big government is bad. Get the government out of our lives. But the only problem is when it comes to sticking their nose into your bedroom, then it's a different story. I'm wondering if I just, I guess that again falls under the category of so we lied. Right. And secondly, I'm watching this whole FCC thing. Yeah. I'm looking at everybody who knew what went, what did less moon, that's no one see that. Has anybody ever invested in what qualifies policy to be the chairman of the federal communications committee? Sure. He's the Secretary of State's son. Oh, that's the qualification. Can't I be it? And he's got a real light complexion too, which makes him a palatable. Well, I was born in the wrong family. Better get with it, man. Okay. See. Thank you. You got it in the garden. He skipped over those 500 other guys who were waiting and why he was able to like take off and have a good time and go campaigning in Alabama. And to whatever it really wanted, Mr. physical, all of these things. Daddy's buddy's gave millions of dollars to invest in the house. Daddy's buddy's just like they put in any oil business, which he failed. Just like Daddy's buddy's helping control of the Texas Rangers and make those millions of dollars. I mean, how can you be in the oil business in Texas? Not once but twice and lose money. I mean, that takes some real special skill. You got to be really dumb. But you know something really really show you speak. I'm glad you mentioned that to show you dumb. Al Gore. There's dumb. Yeah. They had all of this stuff. They knew all these things back in 2000. But of course, they didn't want all the penis-gayed, Bubba stuff thrown back in her face. So they had the liability of that not being able to run on this whole morality thing and about honesty and integrity because if they did that then it would throw all the Bubba stuff. The bubble mice is again in Monica Wood and Black Redwood. Because of the fact that he was, he was the vice president under Bubba. He was a test human to have. Well, he was a parking lot of Monica. How do you know that we know right? Well, who would touch him anyway? Even temporary, typically. But I mean, why do they wait so long? And the thing, I'm just really, I'm positive now. There's no question in my mind that this abortion story in Texas is going to fly. And then it's coming. Think it's got wings. I think it's got wings and legs and whatever propellers. I think it's going to fly this time because if they're already talking about what they try to do is already going to denial. Say, oh, if you hear this, don't believe it because it's just making it. Right. I mean, what is that? That's like saying, if somebody tells you that I killed three people, don't believe them, you know? Right. Give a while, but anybody tell me that. Why don't you just have this feeling somebody's going to make it up? It's just, there's just something wrong. There's something really stinks. Oh, I can smell it now. I thought it was. I was thinking of something. It must be Martha Stewart's fraud and obstruction of justice. Yeah. You know, she's such small potatoes. Just slap her on her wrist and let her go back and make some more cookies. I don't care about her anymore about scott and lazy Peterson. We've got important fish to fry, okay? Now, Brian Dickerson writes, let's pray the present knows better. Son or website. This is from the Detroit Free Press. Now you're going to love the way this starts. Priest. I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities. Reagan has manifested so far this seemed to be three. She's convinced, second priest, there is only one. And experience priest explains the facts of evil to his younger colleagues they prepared a confront a 12 year old possessed by Satan in wooden Peterbladies 1973 thriller The Exorcist. When you're to the invasion of Iraq last March, present in George W. Bush rested his case for war on two fundamental assertions. The first that Saddam Hussein continued to harbor stockpiles of chemical biological or nuclear weapons has largely been discredited. The second that Austin knew Raki Dakeda would diminish the chances of another 911 style attack on US citizens was based on even flimsy evidence. But unlike the WMD argument, his assertion that Hussein's bathest and Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda were two sides of the same terror with coin persists, not what standing the dearth of supporting evidence. As recently as his Sunday encounter with meet the press host Tim Russard, Bush defended his decision to invade Iraq by invoking the context of 911. We were attacked and therefore every threat had to be re-analyzed the president said, every potential harm to America had to be judged in the context of the war on terror. The conventional anti-Bush view articulated most forcefully by Al-Gordia today is that the president's war on terror argument is at bottom a cynical deception. Bush knows full well the difference between Saddam and Osama, the argument runs, but he's not above exploiting the 911 fears of those who don't. But what if the president is sincere? What if he genuinely believes that the 911 attacks provided not just a plausible excuse for invading Iraq, but an irrefutable case for war? What if he's convinced like the veteran priest in the eshesus that efforts to distinguish one demon from another are meaningless? There is only one. There is scant evidence to support such a simplistic model, the US occupation of Iraq has been amagnet for terror is not a repelent, and tells his officials here in elsewhere are preoccupied with the new collection of regional militant groups independent of Al-Qaeda, but quite possibly as capable of wreaking 911's gal havoc. And it appears that a single government scientist in Pakistan would support it to war on Iraq as done more for nuclear proliferation than all of Hussein's lab rats together. In short, if Bush remains convinced that the conquest of Iraq was a significant victory in the war on terror, he's flying in the face of some powerful evidence to the contrary. And if he genuinely believes that the 911 attacks buttress the case for war on Hussein, he's guilty of something more dangerous than cynicism. It's one thing for frightened citizens to want to strike out whatever target avails itself. It's another matter entirely for their commander in chief to mistake that Roya Motion for rational policy. cynicism is an ugly thing in the leader of the free world, but confusion in such a man is downright terrifying. As he continues to play on the Phantom Nexus between Iraq and 911, let's hope the president is just exploiting the people's closeness and not betraying his own. Good one. writes Brian Dickerson in the Detroit Free Press. It's not our prestigious website, TheOrigus.com, or we don't just make stuff up like on the Fudge Report. My life and law. This is sports radio 560. Who am I? Okay. Hey guys, you want to cheer up, have rid me sit on your face. Make that old acting clear all when we're needs to turn your face. Forget about your wife's girlfriend, our meal and sacred. Better shave off that beard and stash their eights pick up the pace. You're really gonna love her when we're needs to turn your face. Oh, I guess love you. What about when we're needs to turn your face. Make over it looks like a crowd. When we're needs to sit down. Read me sit on your face. Yeah, read me sit on your face. Imagine. You're gonna be spears leaving her from all over your door. Knowing it just a minute or two we're gonna score. Wipe off that dizzy beast too. Before a Britney sits on your face. Careful not to bite on you when Britney sits on your face. Stop dreaming and clean up your place. Cause she wants a brand new family. Get your dreams. 1244 at 560WQM. Anyway, here's this website, this is a George retort. George.com is so great. How come it timey? I've seen it before but never paid that much attention to it. This is the best. Here's the latest. This is last one in John Kerry's pants is a rotten egg. Ha ha ha. All you reporters out there. Democratic court runner John Kerry, flatly denied rumors of an extramarital affair that were dredged up Thursday by America's most trusted newsman. But there's nothing to be poor. Kerry told Don I miss on his morning video show also broadcast by MSNBC. So there's nothing to talk about. Spoil sport. For those who are scoring at home, the mainstream press only took a few hours to follow serious newsman Matt Drogge on an undercover mission into Kerry's pants. Thursday morning, Drogge pulled out the flashing siren with a gitty claim that by magazine and other media organizations were looking for a young woman who privately caucused last year with an Democratic front runner, a presidential front runner. Reported Drogge intrigues surrounds a woman who recently fled the country, reportedly at the prodding of Kerry the derogatory court has learned. That wouldn't be the only prodding she received from Kerry according to the completely unsourced story, which has been gleefully picked up by Rush Limbaugh, the Wall Street Journal, foreign newspapers and a handful of U.S. press outlets. Some members of the press mortars enthusiastic about letting Drogge set the nation's news agenda. Ask Joe Conneson is American politics suddenly returning to the bad old days when Washington journalism became frenzy with seats sniffing and keyhole peeping. That seems to be the default program of the right-wing media machine whenever Republican pulled members sink into the red zone. The tail tail tail tail tail first appeared in watch blog where we had that before. And it just goes on a review or we had in the first one. It's a bit of a long time. It don't have any legs. It's not flying. And then we'll get to the Joe Conneson piece in the next hour. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line. Go on. So glad. Thanks, Miss Baj. For getting us to get your stupid ass website to link off of our website and putting on the Drogge Retort, Drogge.com, excellent website. Beauty. Plus it's got a little color to it. Yellow as any yellow journalism. Do you think there's any symbolism there doing the quits at it? No. Okay, let's get back to a Michael Jackson show me. I, well we got a long, this is going to take me in the Monday and maybe even Tuesday and Saturday. Anyway, talking about this documentary on 2020. The documentary we had to maybe read for our repercussions for the boy. His mother called Masada in tears. They've been in the gas station where kids recognize the boy from TV and started teasing him for sleeping with Michael Jackson and calling him gay. Your gay. Masada who would not yet seem to special ask her if she had given permission or sign release for the boy to appear on TV. According to Masada, she said no, adding the Jackson's camp was trying to get her to sign something now. Masada told her to ask Jackson if he had given permission. Then Masada and several insiders claim the Jackson camps swung it away from her number of friends. Principal members of the team, minding the family reportedly were gay porn producer director Mark Schiffel, who would once produce the song for Jackson, is long time hand their Frank Tyson known as Cassio, who traveled when he was a child with Jackson and Vinny M in from New Jersey. The older family had little idea what was going on but they wanted to help Jackson. The boy was very high on Michael said a family associate. They are simple people. Masada tells me. The mother called Masada again even more upset. She explained he says that someone had called the LA Department of Children Family Services that ECFS and they want to interview her because they think she's an unfit mother, allowing her kids to sleep over at Michael Jackson's and they're going to take her kids away what she'll I do. Masada says she went into the February meeting worried to death. He was going to lose her children. According to several sources including Masada, representatives of Jackson's dropper and the children to the meeting and try to sit in on it. When they were told no, Jackson person handled the mother at tape recorder and ordered to tape the meeting but she didn't. At that point she says she's still new nothing about Lesbola State's dream out call and denied any wrongdoing on Jackson's part. Apparently the Jackson person told the agency that the children we put in private schools and the family provided with a home. The boy had dropped out of public school after the teasing and the family was staying at Neverland allegedly for their own protection. Much has been made in the media of this confidential meeting because in early December a DCFS memo dictated on November 26 only days after Jackson's arrest and stating that allegations of sexual misconduct and Jackson's part with the sport were deemed unfounded was leaked to the website to smokinggun.com. It is highly irregular for such a memo to be written after the fact and curious that the official the home it was addressed was revealed by the TV show celebrity justice that the officers just two doors down from one of Jackson's private investigators in the case. The family says they were told by Jackson's people that because of the documentary there were death threats against them and they were in danger. In addition to mother who says she had no idea at the time about anything on toward was put on video to audio tape by Gerro Schrimman investigator and on video tape by Jackson's videographer saying that Jackson was a wonderful man. She says she was told that if she didn't look happy on the tape she would be reported into the ECFS. The latter finally saw the special one was we broadcast on February 17. I watched in this belief he said they didn't digitize the voice face or anything. He asked again the mother how anything could be shown without a permission. She told him she had signed various papers but the mother alleges she didn't know what she was signing. One of the papers with the mother signature on it probably became the bull work of a complaint by Jackson to the BBC the British broadcasting standards commission and the Independent TV Commission. Jackson's people hired British lawyers to help her loudly protest the issue of documentary and attempt to prevent the documentary or any additional footage from being sold on DVD or VHS thereby paving the way for Jackson to meet millions by selling it to our rebuttal program hosted by Mori Povich on Fox. In order to keep her prominently in the complaint the mother claims one of Jackson's lawyers later offered her $5,000 if she would pursue it she says she refused. A source close to the case is that Jackson even tried to get the mother to let the husband team entertainers and girls off as take over lingering legal issues with the boys father another echo of the Chandler case where Bert feels Jackson's lawyer then attempted to intervene for Jordys mother in her custody to spue with his father even though feels represented Jackson and knew that the father may now be able to possible sexual molestation. At the same time the family was asked by Jackson's people for the personal papers including birth certificates so that passports could be obtained for them and for five days they were put up and guarded for their protection they were told in hotel and venture accountys south of Neverland while their passports and visas were being obtained. The family alleges that someone from Jackson's camp unilaterally went to the boy's school and changed the name of the person to be notified in case of an emergency to let a Jackson insider. One of Jackson's people allegedly told the family they should move to Brazil or Argentina to be safe. They charged the Jackson's people had them vacate their small apartment in the East LA and that their clothes and furniture were put in storage by Jackson's people who they claim would not tell them where their belongings were. Mark Jericho was later told representatives that the move had been videotaped and that the mother had side off on it and it acclaimed she'd an eyes. None of Jackson's alleged promises were kept about paying for school or getting the family a new home. The Sodass says that to his knowledge Jackson did not pick up the boys medical bills either contrary to some media reports. In late February the mother says she was saying she was upset that her belongings had been taken that her son was being exploited and complained to Masada who sneaked her out the back door of the apartment of a friend she was visiting. Jackson's people were waiting at the entrance to take her to the meeting to turn a William Dickerman. She said she felt like a prisoner but she wouldn't go to authorities because her son didn't want her to. She was very scared to have Masada. The next two times the mother met with Dickerman were at the Lafactory because Masada claims Jackson knew she was friends with him and allowed her to visit there. All of the families activities were monitored. The mother seemed terrified that she was going to be sent to Brazil and claimed that there was intense pressure around her to move there. Apparently it didn't occur to her that she could refuse to go. At one point she called her friend from a payphone asking that police be informed about what happened. Young Holies says Jackson is very capable of playing rough. Michael is very vindictive of anybody tries to do anything about him. He claims if he has the upper hand he will destroy you. He said to be continued. Okay. Remember the comment by Geragos at that press conference right after the arrest? Anybody else? Excuse anything else? My client, we're going to come down on you like a ton of bricks. Intiminate, harass, intimidate and that's what it's all about. I just mentioned those things in passing. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Take a look at that photo on the pool. What's your take on the Master's Theory of Overly USA about Phil Thunder radio and TV? 616 vote 616. The Bush government on the FCC are obscene 169. Is there any doubt about it? No. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 110. Let's have more sex less violence 90. It was just one partial T you moron. 63. Freedom in America's dead 50. I agree. Clean it up now. Clean it all up now. 47. 7.6 percent. Michael Paul is a grand standing asshole 36. What ever happened? Are you a speech 32? And where do I get my passport quick? 19. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I don't forget cable may also be targeted. Oh man. And CDs and new name and private conversations. Right. News papers. Yeah. Your private letters. Things like that. Your emails. Just for your protection. WQAM hello. It's George question, Ilya. WQAM hello. Yes sir. What? How are you doing? Okay. Did you see the other door by any chance? 60 minutes? I haven't been listening. I don't know if you saw it or not. About one. The interview asked him about, you know, we're interviewing him about his impire. And they asked him about the world of the cars. The other, you know, the type of, you know, you can't think of it now because he's got to come to the off guard. But okay. Well, when you think of it, call us back. Stop catching people off guard. Yeah. I caught him off guard. Okay. He was trying to put all this together. And we're doing screenless this next five, ten years. And as a result, we caught him off guard. There's Dennis Cassinat. Three speech. What do you say? I was saying. Good evening, telegraph. I never credit dating game within the school. Why's got to find somebody who likes him? Okay. I like him. But he's just kind of a silly little coat with, you know, big ears in a bad wig. W to QA and hello. Yes. I'm an old familiar. Speaking. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. How are you doing? Pretty good. As a register Republican, it's embarrassing what is going on here if I can America. Yeah. If this isn't a battle between, you know, the far, far right and normal people, it is beyond me. I mean, how people can even vote Republican this year. It's just crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's unbelievable. Well, we'll be looking for an November man. Believe me. I'll be there. And I've got a birthday party next week. And I'm going to give a little minute speech. Well, my Republican friends. I'm going to break it down for them. What do means to them? And we're going to make a change. Excellent. Nice gone, pal. All right. Break it down for them. And if they don't agree, break their legs. See you. Keep them on election day. Okay. Keep Robert Greeper home on election day. Going to put the beast on ed assignment. Okay. Maybe we can keep him busy. And have him sit on them. There he goes again. Right. So, Connison. Here's the whole article. Matt Druccin. The GOP. Okay. We'll get to this next hour. Won't we? Yes. We will. Oh, I think I just tore a page of it up. Well, you know me. Why do I keep doing that all the time? Because you're anxious to go. I do that all the time. Just. But I got a side. Huh? It's not a story. Everything is hampered. I do that when I finish with something. I don't know why I do that. I shred it. I shred it. It's just that nobody ever finds it. But I got it here. We'll get to it. It's 256.9. My life and love. This is for 256. You're the only one who has been waiting for you. No, this is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one for two hours. Oh. Don't hurt, right, Melon. And Matt was it great. And an airy olla like it. Big dinner plate. Jan is right on top. Grabbed every headline. Wonder if your healthy BS. They define. First she denied it. Said it was a mistake. A costume, malfunction. Set just in timbre late. But now they've admitted it. They flash for the two. It'll be the Super Bowl. Remember the foot of moon. And you have CC. Said it was in DCC. Song for Niagara P. Big Yip. One lip. I'll never forget. That infamous talk. Our member is game for sin. Jan is jug. I let that an hour to go till he deadline. A hot couple's contest. To a clock. He got pictures. Quick hang on. I don't know. Just let you on. Did you really email them too. Contest it. And I don't be a mess around. My great. Quint pictures. Ha ha ha ha. Do you have a bunch of them? Those two. Did you send me those two? Yeah. That pair. Him and his bunk bug buddy there. He looks a little bit off. I don't know. He's like a little something wrong there. Anyway, speaking of something being wrong. Joe Conneson. On salon.com. Here it is. There we go again. Matt Drog in the GOP. Smir machine are back in the Democrats' pants. His American politics suddenly betraying the battle days when Washington journalism becomes frenzy with sheets sniffing and keyhole peeping. That seems to be that a fault program of the right-wing media machine whenever Republican pull number sink into the red zone. Late Thursday morning with George W. Bush's credibility damaged on several fronts as reporters demanded questions to question about his national guard service that should have been asked years ago. The drug reporting court he famed is leading Democratic challenger with a world exclusive smudge of personal dirt. Vagan on-source but height to the match by drugs, the brief item sounded disturbingly familiar. The Internet gossip accused John Kerry of recent alleged infidelity with the woman who recently fled the country, adding that a close friend of the woman recently approached a reporter with fantastic stories. The same item ran an off-the-record comment attributed to retired general Wesley Clark, who was quoted as saying, Kerry will implode over an inter-nissue. Major news organizations from ABC News to the Associated Press warned Drog were all over the story. By evening, however, no major news organizations had run with it, though many were chasing it. Perhaps frustrated, Drog put up an additional item eight hours later with a few more details about the alleged relationship. Unlike the Monica Lewinsky drama which first played out publicly in this space with audio tapes cigar and address, the Kerry situation is posed a challenge to reporters investigate the claims his later item explained. Drog's also quoted a top-sources saying, there is no lawsuit testimony at this time like Clinton with Paula Jones, it is hard to prove. But the kind of proof usually required by national news organizations isn't much drugs these ordered to put any window into circulation. Some are conveniently drugs had earlier posted an item that blamed the sudden smudging on the disgruntled Democratic consultant named Chris Lahane, who had been fired by Kerry before going to work as a communications aid to Clark. That second item was later taken down without explanation. By then, of course, this Drog's drama was already rocking Democrats and the lighting Republicans across the nation, at least according to Drog. The template was Pyromanica, intern has a fair with married politician, is betrayed by a close friend and finally exposed by the client Drog. So far, however, the mainstream media has yet to touch the Drog item despite heavy promotion by Rush Limbaugh and the Wall Street Journal's opinion journal website. Whoever lit this match must have been disappointed when the story that smothered newsroom during the afternoon failed to blaze into a firestorm at early evening. The only exception so far as an alien newspaper in Scotland. Kerry refuted Drog on I'mus in the morning today has done I'mus pointed out that people were actually talking about the allegations Drog was spreading, but no news organizations were actually reporting on them. While there's nothing to report so there's nothing to talk about, I'm not worried about that the answer is no Kerry said. Over the years, Kerry's private life has generated its hero gossip, who was a divorced, socially active single man for several years before he remarried. No woman is so far step forward to embarrass him in any way, and the only published report even remotely hitting at Meritland Fidelity is a six year old unfounded clipping from the Boston Harold. Sources in the Kerry camp insist that the Drog story has no foundation, although they've been predicting since Bush's numbers began to drop, that the White House would suit and up its opposition research on their candidate. It may also be worth noting that the Massachusetts Senator under one surgery and radiation criminalized year for prostate cancer. Was the Drog item a late hit by an angry Democrats seeking revenge or a plant by desperate Republicans hoping to distract attention for the president's problems? Lacking proof, the most pertinent questions are the standards of forensic inquiry. Who benefits, and who had the motive method an opportunity? Drog's allegations set off a chain of speculation, certainly some Democrats wanted to be evidence free item came from a hand, who declined public comment this afternoon. Lacking as a reputation is an often rough operator, and they may provide a pretext for drugs to smear him too. Following the hands dismissal from the Kerry camp, pain some months ago, the tone of his remarks about his former employer occasionally sounded vengeful. If Clark actually uttered the nasty remark is quoted by Drog, the general might have heard such rumors from his sharp age consultant. But then if Clark believed Kerry was about to implode, he might not have dropped out of the race, or decided to endorse the Massachusetts Senator as he did today. A source close to Lacking vehemently denied to me that Lacking had peddle any rumors about Kerry, and turned attention back to the White House's Drog's likely source. My assessment is this is not merely a serendipitous event he said. The Drog item blaming Lacking quoted Craig Crawford, a former Democratic operative, who now works as consultant columnist for MSNBC. With the intent that it's after Drog posted the Kerry intern item, Crawford's in a memo to a superior that said the story was something Chris Lehan has chopped around for a long time. According to Crawford, some of the MSNBC promptly leaked his memo to Drog, but when Lehan called Crawford with a loudly ending in denial, the MSNBC column is quickly issued a public retraction. He said the comments attributed to Mayor from a private email to a TV news associate based on conversations with Democratic campaign operatives. I did not consider any of it confirmed enough to report or publish. I can only clarify that Chris Lehan's rivals, another Democratic campaign, made these claims, and I found no independent source to confirm it, which is why we didn't go with the story. But then someone said my email to others, which is the only reason it got into the public domain. In other words, there's no proof that Lehan circulated the rumor, let alone that the rumor has any basis in reality. Once again, rudge's raised questions, but they may not be the ones he seeks to raise. The first is about journalistic standards. The second is the identity of his anonymous sources. Journalists must ask themselves by the rumor, where a private packet ill deserves their retention and resources in the 2004 campaign. The press faces a more important issue, learning from its own failure, report the false rationale on abused intelligence that drove the nation to war. It's the always great joke, Connison. That's a lot to come today. Got it? Got it. So there you go, Miss Fudge. Everybody's on you. Nice try though. And of course they won't give up. They'll come up with more crap. They're sticking in those deeper and deeper and curious pants. Back to them to let you get a dirty. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCQAM Hello. Yes sir. I'm back on the phone again. I forgot about what that did. Oh, they're coming off good. Anyways, what happened was that the interviewer told them asked the reference of all the gangster rep. So the reference of the sentence says to him, what about our gangster government? Woo! I thought that was a great online I've heard. Excellent comeback. So that was it. Okay, thanks. All right, you. Thank you, Stranger Sophane. He's straightened out. Well, as we met, I'll call by Joe Connison from salon.com. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCQAM Hello. The reading is boring. Yeah, you're boring. You're ponders, but you're still there. You're always there every single day, every single minute you're there with your hand deep inside your back. Oh, have a great weekend. WCQAM Hello. Hello. Hey, now. He has nicely gotten through for a while. I guess he's been busy playing with it. Yes sir. I know. What is it? Oh, the investigation regarding the the leak from the White House or CIA operative. Yeah, Valerie time. Yeah, you know, when there's anybody else, I've know that. Who gave me info? Did anybody ask? Yes, they asked and he ain't telling, right? It wouldn't happen when Susan McDougall wouldn't answer during the White Water. They sent her asked to jail. So why isn't there a bunk waiting for mob? Because he's a good old boy who's on the right side all the time on the far right side. Okay, I got it now. I agree with you. He ought to be in jail. I absolutely agree. That bastard ought to be in jail right now. I mean, don't forget. She should take no longer in the 15 minutes. Tell us who gave it to you or throw it up to Soph. Right exactly. How do you? Although who'd want to touch that? Oh my god. He looks like a bull frog in heat. Bobbie no back. Do you ever notice him? Yep. Boogie eyes. A bull frog in an old, staunchy brown suit with a bad tie. Anyway, 10 past one at five 60 WCM don't forget to join Joe Costello for happy hour today, 430 to 630 to the Zeph known at JPMoligan's on Tafton Flamingo in Pembroke Pines, stop by for $3.00 in Vex Lights. Plus when T-shirts and Panther tickets and a bunch of other Kazurai and then. Join Joanne Mark tomorrow noon to 2 at the 4-Laterdale BMW located at 14,800 Sheridan Street stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food, which is really what you want to go there to do from Elimia City's subs and our good friend, Ira, it's great. Valentine's Day is tomorrow on Pompito Park Racing in Carreum and Pompito Beach has got a great couple special in the top of the park restaurant. For just 79, 99 you get a full course dinner for two including Shrimp cocktail seafood with scampy and a free bottle of Corbell champagne. Plus there will be live musical throughout the evening you'll have great seats to enjoy the racing action. There will be free flowers and prize drawing just for the ladies and for the kids. Fremendent your horse rides from 7 to 8 P.M. on the track Valentine's Day will be the opening round of the $250,000 Alica Prepacing Series with top horses from all across the nation plus the annual sweetheart pace featuring all a women drivers watch out for Marion Tellem she might take out the whole field and tonight the feature of eddby the opening round of the $125,000 Mac low bell, Trotting Series. Just to have them off on both on any five in the Florida turnpike it's easy to get to Pompito Park and best of all they offer you free admission and free general parking every single day with final casting seven days a week. Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday including tonight poker room 12 to midnight live racing 705 p.m. Don't forget a big big card tomorrow Valentine's Day lots of specials going on including that couple special at Pompito Park for more info column at 954 972 2000 or go online at PompitoPark dot com. The logo of the 60s by 60. The radio bill your QA in First it was a hit on mgv then a number one movie now it's coming to Broadway it's Jackass from musical starring Johnny Knoxville Hello Johnny's Red Your Cheap Johnny It's so fun to write there in your goods. Yes all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtunes to create Jackass the musical. Wow the music the dancing the guy eating a yellow snow coat it was better than cats 76 dumb guys patchy couple of cars 76 I it's friends of man Don't miss Jackass the musical with all your favorite Jackass's on stage singing torch songs then setting their hair on fire with them I'm just breaking local I'm hurting my channel to the The great white way has just turned black and blue thanks to Jackass the musical. I don't have a play yet today and now Mr Dan Gernstein campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman presidential campaign. Oh Oh That's the whole price 16 at 5.60 WQAM I see we got a couple more interesting pictures of for our contests Yes See I'm not going to make any comment about any of them this year They're great Yeah they're great they're all different kinds interesting people Yeah They quite how it's back to advisor despite stance on outsourcing this is I see you didn't really believe this did you Nope The White House as stood by a topic and I'm a advisor who critics have accused of Encouraging companies to export jobs overseas A fact of an heavy job loss is during WDS presidency An issue is the practice of growing the growing number of US companies moving all Or portion of the operations to places like Mexico, Indian, China Where labor costs are lowering goods can be produced more cheaply in order to improve Prophets Oh no I think that must be just propaganda, don't you? I'm sure it is With political concern about factory job losses heating up ahead of the November election White House spokesman Scott McClone said any job losses regrettable He brushed his side suggestions that Gregory Manco who chairs the White House council Any economic advisors be fired for pointing out the potential economic merits about Swircing jobs overseas We certainly don't want to do anything that would undermine free trade McClone said Thank you sparked an upper earlier this week with comments that appeared to law at outsourcing by US companies overseas outsourcing is a growing phenomenon, but it's something we should realize is probably a plus for the economy in the long one he said Democrats he's done his comments saying it was evidence the bushwood house was insensitive to the plight of out of work Americans at least one law McReedon suggested the manco We sat over the flap But it anyway Yes, it's really great when it sent all to your jobs overseas so they can get cheap labor and recruit and improve their profits good for the economy And then they make big profits and their stocks will go up and if you if you live long enough it'll trickle down trickle down your leg And get into carries pants Trickle down his leg And then you'll have all those jobs and all that money Right, well all these unemployed people are stockholders right Ha ha ha ha Right, they got gobs In their pants 560 pound 560 on the AT and he's had warned you to be in the show today. I was gonna have a lot of stuff to read I'll do it first if I huh? It's great. I loved it. Oh, there you go again like regular would say there you go again just like water mondayl and look what happened to him WQAM hello Gentlemen Yes sir Green banday if I do a meal okay Appreciate you reading that last article you know misfudges sitting home squeezing himself right now Oh no question about he's probably got to green apple question I'll be able to offensive my mevich condo that the rich and melons gave his pay in for probably Meals great because you know I don't know how you feel but I feel you read that and like I said you know how he listens If anything I know you're knocking him down a couple of bags just because he's such a You know You see really you can't get to him because he's when somebody else is when you're bought and paid for and owned by a bunch of lunatics You really don't care I mean his ears so massive already with his 80 billion hits a week and he's not heard in all 50 states It's really sad But you know something when he's spayed all of that away he's still the same self-hating fact no matter what you say You say You know his little his little shot so many times I wanted to go back down to North Bay you know he used to I don't know if he still doesn't sing it the wonderful I'll do dreams on Sunday night sure he still has this show I mean I can't stand it but so many times I'm glad to go down there and just be waiting for him after his show pal I didn't know he was your type I never got it I'm not saying but not that way, Neil See you Did you read American dynasty? Not even. Do I read wine? American dynasty that Kevin Phillips is looking about the busheets Not yet I got a high level so I've 15 books. I got a read yet I had that to the collection of men Okay, thanks Peace out. Take care of yourself I didn't realize that that anything in common was to maybe they could have a chat Paul Crabman writes in New York Times today the real man. Oh, he is so good, you know it See I don't care what anybody says whether it's Miguel whether it's the mouth breather which of course the fact of mouth breather Or like it indicates to me I'm doing the right thing There's some of this stuff and most people are going to go to our website look at the pictures They're going to see Cine Cruz picking her scaven her nipple there whatever she's doing They're going to take a look at whoever we got naked of the day, you know, and that's about it We have a segment of people that are going to read the stories they'll prove the heli and see if they find But most people either don't have the time or the inclination to do that Right Paul Crabman writes the real man to understand my questions about George Bush's time in the National Guard Our legitimate all you have to do is look at the federal budget be published last week No, not to lie is damn lies and statistics the pictures By my count this year's budget contains 27 glossy photos of Mr. Bush We see the president in front of a giant American flag in front of the Washington monument Coupling an elderly woman in a wheelchair helping a small child with his reading assignment Building a trail through the wilderness and of course eating turkey with the troops in Iraq Somehow the arctic record neglected to include a photo the president swimming across the ANC river It was not ever thus Bill Clinton's budgets were illustrated with tables in charts Not with worshipful worshipful photos of the president being presidential The issue here goes beyond using government printing office to publish campaign brochures In this budget as an almost everything else it does the Bush administration tries to blur the line between Reference for the office of president and reverence for the person who currently holds that office Operation flights who was only slightly more over the top than other Bush photo ops Like the carefully staged picture that placed Mr. Bush's head in line with the stone faces on Mount Rushmore The goal is to suggest that it's unpatriotic to criticize the president and use his heroic image to block any Substantive discussion of his policies In fact those 27 photos grace one of the foremost dishonest budgets in the nation's history The other three are the budgets released in 2001 to and three just to give you a taste Remember how last year's budget contained no money for Port-Ware Iraq and how administration officials waited to lack of the text Got to have been passed to mention the small matter of $87 billion in extra cost while they've done it again Earlier this week the army chief has stabbed us to find that the Iraq funds in the budget would cover expenses only through September But when administration officials are challenged about the blatant assumptions in their budgets or for that matter about the use of pre-war intelligence There we sponsor almost always is to fall back on the president's character How dare you question Mr. Bush's honest do they ask when he is a man of such an unimpetable integrity and that leaves critics with no choice They must point out that the man inside the flight suit there's little resemblance to the official image There is as far as I can tell no positive evidence that Mr. Bush's a man of exceptional uprightness When he is even accepted responsibility for something that went wrong I can't remember on the other hand There's plenty of evidence that he's willing to cut corners when it's to his personal advantage His business career was full of questionable deals and whatever the full truth about his national guard service It was certainly not glorious old history you may say and irrelevant to the president and perhaps that would be true if Mr. Bush was prepared to come clean about his past Instead he remains evasive on meet the press he promised to release all his records and promptly broke that promise I don't know what he's hiding but I do think he's forfeited any right to cite his character to turn away charges as administration is lying about its policies And that is the point Mr. Bush may not be an especially bad man but he isn't to perig on his handlers portray Some of his critics hope that the A-wall issue will demolish the Bush myth once at all at once They're probably too optimistic if we were that easy the tale of harkin energy would have already done the trick The sad truth is that people have been taken in by a color personality a group that includes A group that in this case includes a good fraction of the work and people that are considerably higher fraction of the punty of theocracy are very reluctant to give up their illusions If nothing else that would mean admitting they've been played for fools still would maybe on our way to a election Which Mr. Bush is judged on his record not as legend and that of course is what the White House fears Rights call a courtman that's what the invent will fear you He told the two presidential to me unless you consider double the plan out for the new to the presidential He always has the same be-wildered look on his posts But nevertheless 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's our poll up to the minute What's your take on the mass hysteria all over the USA about fill smut dirt on radio and TV boobies 777 votes the Bush government in the FCC are obscene 190 I don't want the government censoring my entertainment 124 let's have more sex and less violence 98 It was just one partial T you moron 79 Freedom in America's dead 58. I agree clean it all up now 52 that 7.3% you'd go getting you up bastard you Michael Paul is a grandstanding asshole 43 whatever happened a freedom of speech 38 and where do I get my passport quick 25 And for the right price to original cook you two electrodes 26 past one only 34 minutes to get those pictures and you think you're gonna be like a last minute and fear two couple Maybe I wouldn't be surprised if they're like snapping them right now all over town Hey speaking of that don't forget Valentine's Day. We've reached the deadline not just for a contest but Valentine's Day is tomorrow This year be original get her a Vermont teddy bear instead of the same old tired flowers. You know the deal you get beautiful flowers They will they die no time at all and they go in the Schmidt can for the price of a dozen roses A Vermont teddy bear keeps giving and giving him a last a lifetime not just a few hours Choose from lots of great bears like to be my Valentine bear the chocolate lover bear with a love me tender Elvis bear when it arrives She'll be completely surprised she'll be blown away and think you're the greatest guy for sending such a thoughtful gift And speaking of that maybe she'll give you the gift that you're hoping for speaking of being blown away overnight delivery for Saturday is guarantee to you still have time And it takes only five minutes out of your precious day to order So pick up the instrument right now and call 1 800 829 bear and a friendly bear council will help you pick out the perfect bear for your Valentine delivered with free chocolate and their famous gift box 1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear dot com don't forget you still have time City Valentine the Queen of Alternative to Flowers 1 800 829 B E A R be sure and tell me across the old Neil toward you to call The bear will be happy hot but Billy's here to tell you about girl you're not May you still wear makeup and rip away past but when I looked at maybe were under much eyes Wow you put a gift special Wow you put your something So Paula Jones you got a new nose that don't impress me much Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell you they're all well I'll bring your all right but now we're giving me more than a mail For now All right That doesn't impress me much I'm not right Let's move on Shall we I'd like you and my food is one She had a type ring harder that she kept on her phone And after she escaped she would marry the mom She got herself some wife all and a tummy tuck But she's still as ugly as a hockey puck Wow So I think some best Wow She's like she's a fair So when the trip got some surgery That no impress me Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring but if you got the ring but if you got the ring A big chunky girl with a purple meringue That damn gap dress nearly for the airline Well the secret meetings of my car and door I could have told you Well, gentlemen, how does go Wow She takes a special shot Wow She takes you so good So Monica You lost 40 pounds That no impress me You got the ring but if you got the touch then tell me Well you got the ring Well we'll have whose ring Well tell you who memory of him might Well no impress me I'm이가 Sivas Hah I think I've got the right on her car. No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Gettys star. When she gets murdered, I've like her all spring should hatch. Big ol' wings, and then has to match. I come back. She makes a space, huh? I don't know, I'll see things she's up at. So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the art. Matt Bellman, press. Play, march. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You got the prize, but I've got the touch. But I can't be right. Well, I'm a hero, all right. But now I keep that warm, and I've made a love of mine. My heart's all, but love and press, may I? Thank you. That is my state of the women address. Oh, yeah. Justin Graham or what? But 134, 26 still, 2 at 5, 60, WK, Mad Dog at 2 at the Humperate 4. Will they win you and show us, starts 8 to 10 Monday morning on QA, and every day exclusively? I can't get back to the vanity fair thing. Could you? Because I think if I do this right, I can like do some more here this hour, and then finish it up on Monday. And then I'll refer to the whole article, and you can like, you know, tape it and piece it all together or just piece it down the adream. Anyway, it's getting back to where it said, if he has the upper hand, he will destroy your meeting Michael Jackson. One time and mid-marched the mother says she managed to escape him never land by claiming she was taking the boy to the doctor for an appointment before they would leave for Brazil. Once there she and the children sneak out of back door and fled to her friends apartment. After the escape they charged, they were harassed continually, and on monocasion the mother found a Jackson's staff or videotaping the boys' new school. The mother says she was convinced that the phone where she was living was tapped, and as she was being followed in her car, she says people banged on their door in the middle of the night, rocks were thrown at the grandparents home, and a note was slipped under the door telling them to contact the Jackson camp. She asked lawyer Dickham into help her get her belongings back. Dickham and then said her the first 10 letters to Geragos demanding that the family's personal papers, their belongings and all that he would not do tape Jackson people had made of them, be turned over to them. He also asked that all direct threats to surveillance and photography of the children's school, begging on the mother's door leaving her disturbing notes and audio taping to coming to family, be stopped. Since no criminal allocations had yet been made it seem extremely odd that a criminal attorney as famous as Geragos would again have all made a sputore with some garbage bags full of clothing, Geragos didn't meet Spongebobi Pieded phone calls for this article. Geragos asked her a few days to look into the matter, according to a source, most of the harassment eventually stopped. Dickham and his maiden known that he would be away in April 24th, and that they was a, that day a truck full of the family's belongings was unsehermoniously dumped in the lobby of the building West LA housing as law office. Furious Dickham and the Structed Building Personnel not to accept the delivery, and it took four more letters from him to Geragos before the family finally found out where the things were stored in late June. There was never any acknowledgement by Geragos in reference to the missing personal papers, school documents, passports, and tapes, or to the subject of harassment. On a contrary, he called Dickham in history onic. In another eerie echo of the Chandler case, the voice said that his underwear and tap shoes and a few other personal items were missing. According to Michael Jackson was my lover, a book about Geragos' Chandler by Chile and reporter Victor Guideiras. Jackson had a drawer where he would keep the underwear of boys who stayed overnight. Ain't that lovely? And fuzzy? Once the mother told Dickham in the voice to where he asked her if she wanted to sue Jackson civilly, but she would not. She was concerned mainly with retrieving her belongings. However, by then it was known that Jackson had allegedly given wine and perhaps vodka, and any histamine pills to the boy, and had allegedly shown both brothers pornography with naked girls in it. He had also allegedly given the sister sleeping pills. Sounds like a scene from happiness. Dickham and suggested that they, or maybe she like it to the sandwich. Dickham and suggested they all go to see Larry Feldman, the lawyer who'd want a $25 million settlement for Gerardy Chandler in an interviewed several prior special friends of Jackson's. Feldman recognized instantly that this relationship was not the same intense love affair that had allegedly gone on between Jackson and Gerardy Chandler. Gerardy had been very self-confident this boy once so bubbly, had become shy and withdrawn and spoke barely above a whisper. Feldman heard the family story in the same conference room, where he had first listened to Gerardy Chandler in his father Evan. He felt perhaps more had gone on between Jackson and the boy than he was being told, so he decided to send the boy to a top child psychologist who was known to be conservative about declaring whether or not a abusive take in place. According to Feldman, there was no shrink shopping as it had been reported. After several sessions, the psychologist concluded that accusations of sexual malestation were credible. Moreover, the boy's brother claims to have been a witness to some of it. He had sometimes even been in bed with Jackson and his brother. Feldman realized that there were many reminders here of the Chandler case from the allegations that Jackson had asked whether the boy wanted to learn how to masturbate it's really fun to was apparently saying that it was natural and that just because some people say it's bad, it's not. Jamie Masada says the mother never wanted money when I took her to build Dickerman's office he asked her, what do you want out of this? She told me I don't want to make any money, I want to make sure this doesn't happen to other kids. California law states that once an allegation of sexual abuse of a minor has been disclosed by the minor, the professional hearing, the allegation must be reported to authorities. In late May, Feldman took the psychologist and another attorney from his office to the ECFS where the family had gone in February. In the Chandler case, Jordan's report alleging that Jackson had affiliated masturbated him had been sold by someone with tabloid news service. Feldman was therefore wary. Two caseworkers listened to them and asked if the boy was in any current danger. According to Feldman, when they told him no to Feldman's in the psychologist's utter astonishment, the caseworkers declined or received the psychologist allegations, this is at the DCAFS. They appeared not to want to report or deal with this problem again. There has been speculation since that memo leaked by the DCFS last December was a bureaucratic attempt by the Department to cover its backside and Feldman is called for an investigation into who leaked the memo and why his visit with the new allegations of abuse was not referred to, the DCFS is declined to come in of course. Feldman called the Santa Barbara County District attorney Tom Sten who had spent months on the Chandler case, he too was very familiar with allegations of how Jackson had operated in the past but had never charged him. The Chandler said they got tired of waiting for the authorities to act and that they felt so threatened by the high-handed tactics of Jackson's people that they asked for protection which could not be guaranteed. Jordi Chandler declined to testify against Jackson, but Sten and Men present when Jackson went into meltdown while his genitals were being photographed in 1993, which would provide the crucial evidence needed for a civil case. Jackson's slacked his doctor in cursed detectives. Sten and saw the photos as a full cases mean as files. Jackson slacked the doctor in cursed detectives. Sten asked Feldman to give his solemn word that he would not sue Jackson's civilly while the new cases being investigated and tried, Feldman gave his word. On November 18, a forensic van, a petty wagon end, does another law enforcement vehicles rolled into never-land to be continued. Come on, let's have some Jesus do, Sten. Let me show you how to do a few things, you know. Jesus Christ. He's going to grip on life. 20 till 2 or 5 60 QAM. 144. 16.2. The judge wants that crowd wrapped up before the end of the year, you ready for that? Okay. You want to crowd wrapped up and we all want Michael behind bars and having a good time, or somebody having their way with him before the end of the year. Defends wants the gag order lifted because everybody's gagging on it. So we got that latest picture for our cute couple, our hot couple's contest. And what have we got about 30 now? 3DM. Close right on target. You got another 50 minutes and that's it. I'm looking at that Brady Quinn picture again and I'm just, I don't know, he makes me nervous. Okay. He's just too pretty. He doesn't look like a guy. He's just too pretty. I don't think if we're a guy to be pretty, like Tom Brady's pretty, but Brady Quinn is like maybe too pretty. Yeah, too pretty. To be a guy. Anyway, Jerry and buddy this brings again, who's just out of control, but this is thanks Jerry. Why do you know that bullying for column binders on show time to Sunday 8pm? You might want to tell your listeners. Let's tell our listeners, bullying for column binders beyond show time to Sunday 8. Thanks again, Jerry. He's okay, Michael. Okay. Here's some more good news. That's going to get Ms. Fudge squirming and probably start picking seeds out of there. Kind of clean the way for the next visitor. The Senate Intelligence Committee is agreed to expand its review of intelligence on her administration accurately described the information it had on Sodom's weapons. They've agreed to expand its review. The committee will examine whether public statements and reports and testimony regarding a rack by US government officials were substantiated by intelligence information committee leaders statement. The panel is during completion of a report expected to be extremely critical of the intelligence and the collection and an analysis of people were intelligence. How do you like that? They're expanding it. The scope. So let's get deeper in the John Kerry's pantaluni's because we have to take the heat off of that. Right? Right. I wouldn't be surprised if they find these got like not knees. And then what they call them? Yeah. And maybe a couple of skabies here and there. Ooh. And maybe a blotch. Maybe he's got one of them things like John Edwards has on his lip. Maybe like on his uh... Brack them. Or a dry patch of skin. A dry patch? Who do you weigh him? Okay. Where did you get that letter from Michael Moore? It's on our website. It's on the roger's.com. It's on the website. And the other one was letters from Michael Jackson. That's on the website as well. The one? The Michael Jackson letters. Now this is the story that I'm reading about. It's a large vanity fair. It's the whole story. It's a vanity fair magazine. I think it has a new thing. Okay. I guess I got time for a little bit more of it, right? Michael Michael Moore? It's timely. We got the hearing today. And there's that the Sniring Mark Garigos with a mustache boy. Why is it that someone? It's not so much a mustache per se. It's that kind of like uh... Like the one he's got, you know? It's a little bit like a clown like a Sniring clown all the time. Anyway, Jackson's team has made it known that the boys family is sued for money in the past. Well, this is that whole thing about it. I don't even know if I want to waste my time with this. Uh... no. In fact, I'm not going to read no more of this right now because I want to like, you know. Because it just would take forever. Got it? Got it. Whenever Jackson is in jeopardy, his team of defenders rolls into action like a tank. And it's great missions to destroy the credibility of this family by means of cable and tabloid TV and the mainstream media. And December in a widely quoted story, the New York Times The delay in the filing of charges against Jackson said it had prompted someone the Jackson Camp to say, Mr. Sned in this playing a weekend based on a single child's shaky testimony. One of Mr. Jackson's lawyers suggested this week that Mr. Sned might be forced to drop the prosecution before a trial. In January, a highly suspect blind item appeared in Cindy Adams, Gossip Call, and in New York Post. Under the headline, case against Jack O'Receive to be flimsy. Remember that? Yes. Adams reported that the motherboard chopped her case until Ler is returned to town, and he said that even attorneys who would oppose Michael in the first case did one in on this one, because the evidence was so thin that Michael Jackson cannot be found guilty. The fact is that an army of forensic experts took part in the Neverland raid, Coleman Jackson's bedroom for pubic hares, Siemens stains, and they reportedly satisfy they've got plenty to work with. The seal-affirinated in the cases more than 80 pages long, but Thompson then is clearly not good at war-wage than the media, and he appears not to be interested in learning. As for the mother who's out of able for coma, she said to be leaving everything to God. Well, it figures. Of course. Don't it figure? She's leaving it to, so there you go. But there's another example. I mean, every story you go to now. It's the same thing. Whether it's Dr. Mackins was fat, whether it's John Kerry has answered his pants, and he's been banging everything with a skirt on, whether it's the case's film, Thumbs-y and no by a word of it. It's just all spin now. It's all spin all day. That's what life has become in the world. Thanks to the crazy people in the freaking media. What have I always said? For years and years and years, the one thing you've got to believe. The media is sick and he's got bad luck. Amen. We'll leave it in God's hands. He'll take care of all of these things. Why? Sometimes he's busy though. But Vulgan. Sometimes it would Vulgan. She's got to worry about, you know, what the morning line on, John. If we're going to cover this spread, things like this. You'll hear a lot more about that 20 hours a day here on QAM. Who's covering it? Who's spreading it? Well, it's speaking of that. I don't want to say this about screwing, because I love dogs. You know how much I love dogs? Right. But I think in another life, maybe she might have been a dog because she loves to bury the bone. Why? And local. You're sports video 560's you and you A.M. It's Friday. You best is. Screw and. You think black mountains are once or twice. A big black male. A special thing that ends up between your eyes. Screw and. You don't think black mountains are generally small. You'll then know the color of white and white. You need the giant fulcing swell. You'll still smile right. What's wrong with your eyes and eyes? You need to do why you made it nice. You need to do your main eye. You can't stop the things real right. Screw and. You'll be the great job, bang to die. Yes. I'll smack your hair and bruise on your body the way you like. Screw and. You get my phone roll long and strong. If you're a good buddy, you'll get no hair if it's wrong. You've got to do what you want. You don't be my son. You got to do it. You know how to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. What do you say, square and let's bear the catch. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. You got to do it. I got to do it. You got to do it. Why not. I don't see it. I think I was going to say it. I was just going to say it. I was going to say it. Anyway, let's take one or five to look at that poll. All of me will get another call in here. I'll be there. I'll be there. I didn't tell you to cue me and hello. I love Book of Ryan. What was the phone number? Sure no problem. I'm gonna be over about 630. He wants to rub his bald spot. What's wrong with that? 7509. He waaat? Beachwood 5607. What is it? What's your take on the mass hysteria all over the USA about 5th on radio and TV? That's our pull question at the very time. And we got an even 800 votes. Let's hear it. Up there. Up there. The Bush government and the FCC are obscene 12. I don't want the government censoring my entertainment. I want my entertainmentist ratchet. 140. Let's have more sex and less violence. Okay. 112. It was just one partial T-view moron's 91. Freedom America's dead 65. I agree. Clean it all up now. 56. 7% even in our highly progressive crowd. 7% morons. Clean it all up now. Okay. Sanitize it. Wash it off. Michael Powell is a grand standing asshole 49. Whatever happened a freedom of speech 47 and where do I get my passport real quick? 28. Out of 800 vote. It's a beautiful thing. Just one last promo for Joe. Joe Joe Castell happy are they 430 to 630 JP Morgan's on the tap. And from the mango and pepper pines. Stop by for $3.00. Bex and Bex likes plus when those t-shirts and panther tickets and a bunch of other crap. Please join Joe and Mark tomorrow. From noon to two at Saturday, I'll be on WD located 14,800 chair in the street. Stop by to win. Price and enjoy free food from my Ladi city subs and our close personal pie is on Ira who's the best. Bye bye. Bye bye. Thank you. I'm five six. I'm your two-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way. I'm your one-way.