though Who isisms I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the mutant turns me on. I know it's how happy about a food nut. And you win, kid is gone. The string of the chicken bounces full of fun. Dining back for 85. They said, look, they're really fine. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. The deer's searching. Do you remember what was wrong with him? I heard the fox. Cows in th机. shoes. But we still have an hour to have to kill. Somehow we'd out, hour and 20 minutes, going to my clock. Barry University leader retired after 23 years of unconventional leadership big stories in both newspapers today. Sister Jean the dance machine she's hanging up them dance in shoes. When she first got to Barry University in 1981, the small cat-lix school was in deep financial hole, her solution on a bet that none sang don't cry from a Argentine on a yacht. They thought she was like Hindu's Siddha Cruz. While wearing a white dress and a feather boa, a rendition that earned a school of one and a half million dollars, using a ride the runk conventional methods, a lock-lin is helped raise more than $200 million for Barry University over the years. How do you like that? But her most famous intervention came in 2001 she acted as mediator between the Miami relatives of Elia Nito Gonzalez and his Cuban grandma as the abuelas who were locked in a heated international custody battle over the child. She advised a good friend in any Western Attorney General Janet Reno who could pal her gal pal to keep the boy at the United States later explaining that she looked into the 60-world sad dark eyes and saw pain. For this she received thousands of letters and emails, some raging against her decision, raging against that Catholic machine. So she's a step-in-down like it's a big news to her. I don't know. Okay, this is news to play that, right? Yeah, we'll take it. And I also had to put that little on it too. Everything we, I'm thinking that during the summer months I'm going to make me a project, you know? And I'm going to like resurrect as many. Well, I could do it with that Bill Sagar moniker's hat one. For huh? Yeah. They could be done where there's a world there's a there's a way. A totally right now. Speaking of a way, eight US troops died in a car bombing today into others killed in separatants in Iraq, according to US military. The car bombing south of Baghdad also wounded for the troops. Our earlier in eastern Baghdad, a rocket propelled grenade attack, killed US soldier from the first calorie. And attack in Baghdad, the Baghdad killed another US soldier US military official said so talking 10. With the deaths 737 US troops have been killed in the Iraq war 534 from hostile fire, 203 in unhospelincense, corny US military figures, as the enumberes just keep pulling on. It's now double digits on several days. Well, what can I tell you? Denise Crossby, I can tell you that. She's our behind-the-be to curtain gal. Speaking of butch. Denise Crossby's on air if you're over the age of 422 and you got 17 pieces of ID to prove it. And a letter from all your grandparents and your whole family tree at the Beesley's wrote your letter. Then good luck to you. Then you can take your quick peek. Denise Crossby is behind the beat of curtain she was born of ever 24th 1957, which makes her 40-6. And looks every minute of it. She's Denise of Harry Crossby. And I got a great line. I could have used back in the day, but I can't see her right now. Especially if you look at that picture. But anyway, we'll just pretend you said it. She's been all over the place. Legend of the Phantom Rider 2002. The bus stops here. Star Trek. Our modda. Star Trek. The next generation companion. The Rockford file if it bleeds it leads the channel 7 story. The voice a contemporary western and deep impact. The modda touched that. Chance of a lifetime. Pumpkin man. A lot of these are made for TV crap. Jackie Brown. Executive power. The red shoe diaries for on the flow. And so many mo. I mean, just a man. I said a month. It's a lot of work. We did anyway. She's working at Pet Cemetery. Skin deep Arizona heat. Crimes on miracle mile. Star Trek the next generation. The last generation. Eliminators. And center. I could. I could. I couldn't get it right up to 11 30 just reading the credits. But I'm not going to do it. We'll just go to 11 15. Let's say here David says yesterday you were asking about the development around the mommy Harold area. The development is. Oh, great. Blink credible. They have museums. Cultural arts centers in every model on them all. The area from over the Miami-Herald North along Biscayne Boulevard in Northwest 36. Weed is the new brickle. They're putting up new office buildings, condos and such. Anything along Biscayne Boulevard east of the Bayes primaryl state will be developed in the coming year. In addition, downtown Miami is being read on the new pont classes as they can right now. A waiting to be torn down and be built with the roof condos or offices and shopping. Over the next year, there are to be a total of 14 had been new condos downtown, which brings up the needs for malls and such. Downtown Miami is happening, baby, which is why 11 Tindles is David. Well, thank god because it's not crowded and can. It's not congested. Good luck, David. You'll need it. See, I asked him we got a response. Downtown Bay happening, man. It looks like the marlins are going to get a new stadium. Not downtown, but by the orange bull. Look at him. That. Okay, let's see today's poll. Are we going to do yesterday's poll, right? I'm a little bit, you know. I know. We're all anxious. Under a lot of stress here today, did the muff myster plus the crew had in the door yet? No. Because he had to go for his electro shock treatment this morning and they had a book comes out he always has to undergo that. Which in these people best of a fits the description of being too black we asked yesterday? Pretty good response, 1336 vote. Look at the people didn't get any. Any Murphy and Bill Russell didn't get one. Well, Louis Ferrican 254 he went pretty easy. Beyond Sanders must be a money. The on 172 or those pimps suits you be wearing. Al sharp in 139, Jesse Jackson 126, Spike Lee 120. Players with the contenders all the others were the contenders. Remember the contenders? Yeah, do. 50 cent. Head 66 cent. Miriam Olivephant 53 Johnny Cochran 49. Mike Tyson 38. Michael Irvin 32 Don King with a Freak wig 27. Bobby Brown would like to go downtown and beat somebody up 23. Warren chromardi to quote 22. Nice going, chroman. The chroman. OJ Simpson 21 Jim Brown 20. Alex and not walk in the dark women down Jim Brown Brian Cox 18. Our senior hall 17 p.d. Oh, we never change that. That's okay. What daddy call him just they are a puff hole. Our senior 17, a puff, a whole daddy 17. Warren 17 star Jones 14 Chris Rock 13, Esther Roll 13. She ain't having no more good times James Brown 11. He likes to fall down. Vision Victor Curry had 10 nice gone. Which will Smith 9, Alan Kees 9 self-hating, Jay G Walker 9, Patrick Ewing 6, Bill Cosby 5 and I'll be caught in the great favor anymore Josh. That's bad. Bill Cosby 5, sin Davis Junior 4, Chuck D had a pair and like I said, Eddie Murphy Bill Russell both had the big. Oh, sorry about that. That's really a shame. I'm getting any Murphy not having any. I guess I'm still like Eddie Murphy. Right. They feel bad for him. They feel professional that. A professional vicey. And now we got for your amusement and improvement. In fact, what we ought to do is probably just play these new droppings until 11 30. Yeah. We can play like a whole park again. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We can. And maybe we will be playing that one above 11 35, you never know. We'll see. We have no idea. The numbers have come out today. What are book is coming out today? And this is a particular, yeah. What is a lot of radio crap going on? Just in case you've been hiding out in a cave somewhere. You've been doing the Dalai Lama in personation or the Ospreish routine. For the flamingo routine in Hailea with your head very deep in the ground. Viacom president and see. Oh, oh. Mel Carmesan last night against the FCC's recent crackdown on broadcast in decency during an interview session conducted by the New Yorker magazines Ken Alwada Alwada. Alweta during an event titled a conversation with Mel Carmesan hosted by the SI New House School of Public Communications. Carmesan said that Viacom doesn't broadcast in decency, which he noted was defined by the FCC as a discussion of sex or ex-cutory matter with a patently offensive manner. We're fighting an Iraq for freedom Carmesan pointed out if it doesn't appeal to you shut the radio off just because you don't like the words anal sex doesn't make it indecent. Noting that many journalists have not been supportive of the first amendment he said, we think this is a very slippery slope. That's right, Mel Hangang because we can all feel ourselves slide right down it right now. That's right, that's slippery slope. It's a America's CE mark walls rips Rush Limbaugh big fan asked he says rush is a big fat liar. And according to Washington, boy yesterday no surprise here was using his airtime to laugh at their fumbles in America. Eramercas flagship show a few are broadcast during Comic and author Al Franken competes against big fat rush. Rush is a big fat liar just like Al Franken said while stole the Washington post apparently rush saw a cease-fans show I did where I said one of the reasons that right when radio dominate radio so well is they have a lot of talent that rush is very good a radio he's an entertainment out of pun did and now because I praise the right wing hosties is I'm getting a schmick hand. I think the Aussie continent is kicked in because it takes a drug-addled mind to think of something like that. How do you like that? The Aussie continent is trying to kick it in one month let's go and honey and a couple of more radio things. Well the story you mentioned the other day it's not really worth wasting a lot of time on them and week is Santos and Joe Ferro find four grand last week by the with a prank phone conversation with Castro on a year without not a fine cast where the Cuban government officials that they put him on a year. A while they made a bigger publicity stunt out of it what a surprise. And now they've elected to pay the fine with 400,000 pennies donated by listeners at live broadcast from a highly afferenture store held yesterday. This will allow listeners to chance to display their screen worthy FCC's decision and stand and sell that evidence support for a Mickey and Joe W.S. DJ said to press release as once again. Try to siphon all the publicity we possibly can from something you'd read just because the Spanish language stations ever do nothing wrong. Do that. No way. No way. Jose. Martin. And. Two more Florida pirates find by the FCC. How do you like that? Oh, we're fine. Naples Florida resident Jason Green was fine. $10,000 by the commission for operating an unlicensed radio as Stasione in the city of Naples at 91.9 on your FM band concurrently the FCC said a $10,000 fine to Miami resident Gary Feldman put it out. Gary from broadcasting without a license on the 91.9 frequency in date County. Green and Feldman each have 30 days to be spotted. The notices of a parent liability 10 grand a piece pay off or get out. That's my comment. Okay. These pirate radio clowns man. These radio holes. Make you want to puke. All the people at twirl in this business spent a fortune. Of course, we leave the measlies out on it because how much Emily dollars they spent an arc with me. I've heard of that. Almost everything that studio except the you know, the bare bones basic, the board. Those old car machines other than that. I paid for in that studio that you're sitting in right now. See. Pretty embarrassing. Although I will say the measlies pay for everything in here that I can see except the supplies and this new year is how it got yours be by a long shot. Sorry. 10 13 at 5 60 WM less facing you. But me here. We talk about fast train for a very long time now and after the book comes out today, probably a lot of radio people be looking. Probably wondered if maybe computer industry makes sense for you. The fact is simple if you have the vacation fast train can provide you with an necessary training and they can help you achieve a brand new high pain computer career and they can do it in just four short months. Got him if you can. That's right by the end of the summer. You can be on your way and making some serious cash. Past trains got day night a weekend classes and financial assistance for people qualify. What's your complete your classes fast train will even assist you in getting you that new computer job at a real life. It's really that easy. Just pick up a phone call fast train toll free. 1 8 6 fast train be sure mentioned. Tied Rex name. They got seven locations all over the state including seven south Florida. So there's bottom one nearby you there in Miami. Kindle. There you go David for a lot of dayland. Pemberpines. So there's bottom one nearby you check them on the web if you like it fast train not common and make that call. You can really change your life if you're a big boost called for you 1 8 6 6 fast train. Anybody have a heart or a liver? NOW. Don't chuck my car I can't feel it Oh Oh Yeah Hope please don't ask me what's on my mind Yes, prasses are up Cause of 2020 No more joy around No more money Let's be so picked as they stand me To death across the land We should all bark at this high up price Until they make the stuff Oh, this makes me just want to throw up cause my car I can't feel it Oh Yeah Yeah Oh Oh Yeah Yeah Oh Oh Oh Yeah I can't feel it 1018 at 5.60, well I never thought that was going to end you know what he just kept her once he got rolling man Look to bet it did last an hour Exactly, or an hour and 12 minutes would be good That's how long we got to go to 1130 till a number star per plane It does stick or head in the door yet or what No Well if you guys just close it on real quick, okay, to read the pressure Look for the QM van that a new until one It build usory motors located at 300 almyra avenue and coral geables Almyria Avenue, I'm sorry So sorry, almyria Stop by to pick up a pair of tickets to see the marlins and the Dodgers next to us They courtesy the real estate pages from Bell South That's the marlins who won again yesterday in Colorado, no less won the series And let's see we got another marlin game this afternoon But the bad news being for us that don't search till a 405 Pre-game it we got the mad dog at 2 to 3 30 for now and a half he'll come in Make his presence found Oh right 3 30 got marlins on deck marlins at the giants say we've matched it last year's of NCLS 405 and then you got hurricane hotline 7 o'clock the big 8 to 10 to ours That's plenty and it he care to that Police in Los Angeles issued an alert that a shopping center on the city's west side Could be a target of a possible terrorist threat as early as today Oh my god The brassity of the threat had not been verified as of late last night However the LAPD said would have extra patrols on the streets and urge the public to be aware of their surroundings Especially in the upscale westwood area of LA Presidents of the area were urged to be on the lookout for suspicious bands or rental trucks and for anyone who appeared to be Because a casing of potential targeted rest and heavy clothing or carrying a heavy backpack or double bag Or maybe like an umbrella remember the umbrella man and damas no 1963 Oh that ever about that I thought you're talking about the soap opera West Los Angeles is a general term for sprawling here that includes landmarks like Beverly Hills the UCLA campus Santa Monica the Museum of Tolerance and Los Angeles International Airport Oh my god Here you go keep well, I'll shoot you a breast of that situation. Can I say that? Oh good, huh? There's a book got a couple of books that we just added on to our website there recommended reading I think three of them to be exact one of them is the John Dean by a cheat John Dean bag book Worst in Watergate Okay, your cartoon was the magazine by the way the one where teeny they're testifying in front of the 911 commission And here's a big fat big change sitting behind the desk and they're saying oh well, we have we actually have another chair for the president and Jani is saying oh we're fine. We're fine. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. I was bushes like a little monkey and his jacket pocket That's what they're here. It'll be at the site. He's like a little monkey a little monkey a little monkey and a little monkey The V-thirking chip pocket at the smirking chip at him. Anyway, in this book spinning on the axis of evil by Scott Taylor Vessaling author and award-winning journalist America's war against Iraq if I can just indulge a couple of minutes here We'll kill some time I won't take long at all just one a little bit few paragraphs. Okay. Okay. Never was the media truth more manipulated than during the staged statue toppling scene April 9th It was meant to symbolize the end of Sodom's regime Watch and see an end senior correspondent Christian Amam Pourge give a library port on the supposedly spontaneous incident I suspected this would be one of the US largest staged news events What a coincidence for Amam Pourge and her crew to be on hand in a furrow square to capture on video Amave for rackies that they tried to bring down a large statue of Sodom unable to achieve the speed alone a detachment of US Marines just happened to be in the air. I listened incredulously as Amam Pourge told CNN's view that this was Baghdad's central square and this particular statue was deeply symbolic to the Iraqi people As photosqueers sits between the Sheraton and the Palestine hotels I was very familiar with it Contrary to her claims, photosqueers certainly was not in the center of Baghdad The real city center revolution square was some two kilometers away And was still very much out of the control of Sodom loyalists Furthermore, this particular statue was cast from a standard mold And identical copies could be found all over Iraq. In fact, up until the previous October when the statue have been erected, furrow square had nothing more than an empty traffic circle What other media outlets housed in the Palestine hotel began broadcasting images of the statues Topling, they actually provided a different perspective By pulling back from the action it became obvious that the Iraqi mob was in fact just a tiny crowd American tanks completely surrounded the square so the Iraqis were operating inside a protected perimeter Waterwackie who counted up for the cameras by banging his shoe on the top-led Sodom was later recognized to be one of off-matchelobbies I.N.C. bodyguards Two days earlier the same individual were in the same shirt and appeared beside the Iraqi National Congress president when he returned to the town of Masaria As became clearly evident the incident at Puro Square had been orchestrated by the US military and conjunction with CNN What would certainly not fool Iraq citizens at effectively convinced North American audiences that the war was over. Bring that evening's newscast Global Telversnaker Kevin Newman interviewed correspondent Patrick Graham one of the few Canadian reporters who would stuck it out in Baghdad From the Palestine hotels rooftop Graham explained how this particular incident had involved only a handful of Iraqis who went on to say that in reality the Fedei and Fedei and Fedei and fighter still controlled most of Baghdad. Nevertheless, the following morning virtually every North American headline where it's Sodom toppled and CNN had switched its war in Iraq logo to a new Iraqi builds. Instead of waiting for the Iraqis to rise up on Masas celebrate their so-called liberation the Bush administration had decided the time was right to start celebrating for them. I just mentioned that in passing spinning on the axis of evil America's war against Iraq by Scott Taylor. Tommy lies. At any rate. Okay here's today's pool. We got a lot of fish to find the next hour in the six minutes booze counting. That sounds good. All let's see we did the number on the gays that used the humans the uh blacks. Which person best fits the description the ultimate redneck? All right. Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith those are the two starters we got and then you can add on as you as you a bruised Denise Crossby in her Bush look there behind to be decrypt today. They can pile on. They can just pile right on. 560560 on the AT&T in Paraisan line. Marlins near deal for a new ballpark and anchor to cost me a dime. All right. Take County in the city of Mimeoo were close to financing the deal with the Marlins early yesterday to build a new baseball stadium near the orange bull but enough snacks had developed by later in the day to send them back to the negotiating table. They're close to a final deal but not quite. They're on the verge. They're right on the edge. The remaining puts a discussion who will pay for the parking garage or George will take her that. Yeah got it right here. And how much money from the potential sale they city owned Mimeoo you're going to go to the project. Still County manager George Berges said and Mimeoo may or may any de as said. They were hopeful signs of reaching women perhaps as soon as today in the best part of the deal is many de ss if they come up a few 100,000 short his kid will print up the money. The anus said were very close. It's very fluid when all is said and done will have a working agreement. It could be tomorrow could be a week from now but it's very very soon. City manager Joe Ariola see more pessimistic saying much of the proposal had to be renegotiated because the Marlins fell to secure a key part of funding Wednesday. A6 given you dollar state sales tax rebate. Yadi Adriani goes on and says in said this and lobbyist when he McKinley said it. When he McKinley is lobbyist I like that. I thought that for a shot. He's still a lobby. So we got just an hour to go. Maybe tell us numbers start coming in then we'll see then we'll find out who's who's got what on whom you know. Ben Daudi who's been nice. That's correct. That is absolutely positively. Absolutely correct. 206 after 10 at 5 60 WQM and a man is looking for some method and it's put on his head. A dead animal is not a good idea. I knew you would. Charles Alphiary designed and supplied the best look in air systems to show his people for more than 35 years. He's been all over on the big shows on TV Good Morning America. They today show CBS Morning News. Introducing his patent exclusive air system that offers you guys the most amazing natural air line system you can find. The most critical air event in her system is the hairline and Charlie's new skinlight care system is so great looking. It's 100% undetectable. I see when you got the much red on your head it keeps moving around. So the hairline don't look exactly what you call too natural. If you catch my drift. Charlie's guaranteed you is this. He tries her system for 30 days. But 30 man. If you don't love the way it looks, feels smells all of these things. If you're not getting so much action just about worn out. Charlie will you just return to him and give you a full refund. No questions asked. So what he got to lose beside that big shiny ball spot or that mouse you look in piece of worm right now. Charlie also services and repairs existing here. System including shampoo and trim. Friend. So don't delay. Call Charlie a day and change your life forever. Call toll free. You can look younger and better than you ever dreamed. You could again. Call 1-800-3-124-13. That's 1-800-3-124-13. Or on the web you'll find about Charles Alphayeri.com. My life and low. This is 4-25-60. You way away. I urge everyone to complain to this station. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. All right. I said when I grow up that's what I want to do. But now it's 1-800-4-156. Then we dare about the bottom line not you. They are on the 15th of power and no end. They got a free, no-missed head, push it around. And children so much they're important to me right today. They're on the 12th of power and no end. They come to you and the 10th of power. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. If they're running, the challenge is gone. The challenge is the same, no matter where you are. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. They're going to kill the baby of stars. 10.32. We got 58 minutes in Katwazzi. Dennis Rodman is the ultimate redneck. They're going to kill the baby of stars. I think maybe he's a little late. John and Columbia South Carolina are factoring fool. You fool, man. That was for yesterday's poll. You idiot. Anyway, the oldman Redneck, George W. D'Avorses. This facts are bringing it on. Yeah, we'd certainly agree with that. And he'll win hands down. But that's all right. George W. D'Avorses, let's get him on there. Right away. I'll present him today. Yeah, Nicky. We're going to smoke him out of their holes. Jeff Foxworthy is a good one. And also the chairman of the NRA Wayne Lopier Jr. No relation to a John Mars Jr. Or Neil McCran. Wayne Lopier, and this is not spoke correctly. We left the eye out. But then again, even Josh would know that right. How to spell a lot. He left out the... Thanks, Jay, two of them. One's there. Jeff Foxworthy went. We remember a starpolle on his list. Because once we get sidetracked and the funniest facts, the most amusing facts in the history of him, let's put such a smile on my post when I saw this. Don't walk in the book, Neil. Signed Duff. Are you ready for that? No, I'm sorry. Can I translate this again? What this means is, please get a gigantic number because we're counting on your fat ass to bail out the morning and the night. We know they're acting on it. They're going to do a pretty good mad dog in the Humper. They'll do just fine. But the mornings in the night, so please, we're counting on you again to go back to those big gigantic numbers. And on your big fat old pimple ass bail our ass off. Please. Well, I'll do my best. How do you cue him, hello? Q. I am? Not there. W. Q. I am, hello? Pretty good. Big story that I don't want to submen. You're going to want to say it's called the Jesus Factor. It's about how they made a conscious decisions to Republicans, throughout since Reagan. And that they believe that they can win the presidency, just based on that vote alone, even though it's all wrong. You know, it's all right. Yeah. Even though it's only 20 million people. But it's good. They can have all 20 million of those of all the rest of us vote for Kerry. Yeah, I'm sure I don't think they can win it alone, but it's an interesting real interesting timeline. You got to watch it. Thanks. W. Q. I am, hello? Good old bellybop. Billy Bob Thorns, you know what I'm saying? It's like, wouldn't it be kind of a rednecky thing to say? Hi, how are you? I can see that in a good old Weston, you know? Hi, appalli. I never thought of a Vajif. Hi, is a Westerner myself, and nevertheless maybe he's like from West Buffalo. Very walk-up of cowboy. Like Cheeky-wai. Oh, I never seen no cowboy walk like that. Oh, you mean kind of like side saddle? Right. Water. He wants kind of like with that walk-in stick kind of like slide saddle. Bowle like it. W. Q. I am, hello? Yes, sir. I think I need to match nominate everyone in mass car, but this is a complete bail or an art Jr. Dale, Erhard Jr. Yes, sir. Thank you so much. Y'all come back now here. All right. Y'all come back now here. You got to love it up here in Nashville. And there's two kind of folks there that are folks from New York and have Jews, and then there's us folks here in Nashville. Oh, man, what a place. Yeah, that month that I lived there. That seemed like about 45 years. That was just a... No, sir, that I told you that story about the night that I left. I thought I was a dead man. Because I was at the time coming back to Miami, although I was going to go to Philadelphia. That's story. My furniture was on the way to Philly and Dick Kensper talking to him back to Miami, which as well. Whatever it was. And so I had moved out of my apartment all my stuff. My furniture was on the way to Philly and then had to be rerouted. We rooted. And so I stayed the last night in a hotel and motel. Some walking from the... Just out of the radio station, I start crossing the street and a cop comes over in Nashville and he says, you work in there? W... What was the name of the station? I don't know. W.L. L.S. No, W.L.K. Oh my god, a careful name of that station. Big, £50,000, W.L.A.C. I said, yeah, I work in there. He said, you know where I can find that Neil Rogers? And all of a sudden at that moment my life was flashing me for miles. And then I asked him how to vlog Neil Rogers. I don't know why I did it. Because he caught me off guard. And he went on. He could get away from 10 minutes while my guy since you came to town. I'm so upset that you're leaving. You've taught me a whole new attitudes about blacks and Ghaz and this and in life. you know when you grow up here in this town you have such porcupia latitudes and this guy was great was nice i thought you were going to tell me how lucky he chased you out of town with banjo music chasing you all the way no that was the next guy down a block he didn't get to me time no that that was the deezley five six seven oh five sixty let's see i better vote for somebody here huh i think uh well you know it's w don't need my help Jeff Fox where you out Toby key okay he's just too red neckie for all of us did we get the other in hard junior yet yeah but to that that'll be on their momentarily right jolly i'm sure will we saw we're beating these the eating from how he's your physique from how he's thanks to how he's i think we're gonna be a way in our all today that's a day next week we're gonna be a little period yeah as he came to jocla period by the way how about those leaves how yeah so i didn't i never thought they'd do a put they look pretty good last night be fully four to one kick their ass you're pretty excited about aren't you what kind of a over time what i didn't watch that game at all what a snooze you're there must have been scoreless game call a better beat sanosator just barely cling alive one nothing wow w q a m hello five six seven oh five six six pound five sixty on the eighteen ten for as a marital slime that's us uh yeah like the dominator yes the stoneco stevah stevahs don't cold yeah stoneco that's what you ought to be okay that's what oh that he's people are still bad right you don't got that quick finger man right good and especially since all the censoring crap got started i'm gonna have a real quick finger i had a sharpen up just for the for these trying times in which we live you know i had a sharpen up in my finger too oh that's a quadruple on time you can't say that can't say that you can't say that you can't be pingo bastard you sorry palmy i'm sorry cut you off but i thought you'd be done i want to say he was done stevahston stoneco cold stevahs he is w q a m hello hello no yes sir couple comments and an nomination for you right in number one is on sister j's she was on ten less night news she will dancing i thought of you then and uh the industry did after her a lot right right second to that still an interlust night when the caller called in the was of uh how could do the military asking what uh gives him you know any kind of condition to be you know uh uh uh this and the uh how can you for what they've been doing every court point because he claims he says he was at the has a tax period as every right to demand it and i'm the new station yes and he grip it and he grip it's pretty yahui thank you good one thank you and he grip it yahu and all i'm sure that you like like he haul and Beverly Hillbillies and green acres net that crowd no comparison was one Beverly Hillbillies is an outstanding show it's a parody of all of us you've never watched it here's two more good ones you're right i wouldn't watch it if you paid me by the minute here he all trip on a red red char i don't think here a red char is well yeah he is he's a red neck he's a dumb but he's a dumb red neck oh i'm sorry to be redundant there a wall trip or Terry Bradshaw strong thermon it's a maybe dead biz memory lives on is the ultimate red neck p s did wood marathon it's the right night what a shame i'm not going to be able to see it but you will i'm sure you'll be glued wood right no i'm going to go out and smoke crack on Friday night one he before eleven that's only fifty minutes away from that gigantic moment i bet you'd duck his farting up a storm in here back in clearance or probably like sniffed across the holiday each other you know probably making sounds that we most definitely cannot play on the year exactly that kind that guilty man he's just another i mean that one out what up my uh oh there i got old with the snack i like that better oh dear oh here's the real story mother's days right around the corner if you're looking for a gift for mom to show or how creative and thoughtful you are said to re Vermont teddy bear may just for her like the mama's boy bear with a heart shaped mom tad two or the mom for president bear but i say move mom look a friendly bear cop is right to take your call at one eight hundred eight two nine bear and help you tell her a bear just for your mom your wife or grandma they got over a hundred bears each handcrafted in Vermont and guaranteed for life delivered with free gourmet candy and gift card that it's your job to get a gift from the kids and a mother and cubset is a perfect idea to use any number of cubs and personalize each one more than name sending a Vermont teddy bear is the creative the smart alternative descending flowers which are dead in no time at all and so keep the call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online at vermont teddy bear dot com that's one eight hundred eight two nine be a r and be sure and tell them please that old meal told you to call my little little call this is five six six three years of yours on the front porch hair down my back 14 cities on the jet a great set bear never get full all day long at the trackter's post plans all come ever set the bus Saturday come on a merry my close I was a happy wedding at the four of our days that took place I almost had at our night of his mad double one the names on my belt and a John dear hand 16 both in 30 gracious I think Jilko Richard, Penny and Ben Hoffo, this is the best girl in my life for his level. Ben, I wish I was doing it here for her birthday. Oh, wow. Redneck. Redneck. Redneck. Redneck. The puttari branch on her or not. Yeah. We did. I guess I better refresh, okay. Excuse me, I'm going to go up to get some of my fa. Jimmy Johnson, somebody says, that's a very good choice. He's a real redneck. Little boy, we got a shot. We got a shot. Here we are, Redneck, Jimmy. And James Carverl, it says, although he's great, he's a real redneck. And I can outgrow all of it. It says here, Carverl. Misspelled, of course. I thought Tom Carverl was dead, wouldn't he? The S-screen guy. Anybody, no, you call that ice cream? You are joking, man. I didn't call it. Oh, but. You like cookie, plus? I can't stand Carverl. All right, I don't care how Jewish they are. Just a very, very bland tasteless kind of like a lot of these shows, man. Really tasteless. Which of these people best fits the description? The ultimate redneck. George W. Bush 32, what a surprise. I'm the first 69 votes. Toby Keith, you got my vote, 18. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. 26, Billy Ray Cyrus III, Jeff Foxworthy III, Billy Bob Thornton III, Stone Cold Steve Austin. He's got a pair and they're Stone Cold. William O'Pierre Jr. won from the NR. Andy Griffith, one, Terry Bradshaw, and their DereWaltre. Don't have it. What about Richard Petty? We want to put him on her? Sure, what not? It's got that hat. It's your by not. Richard Petty, because he just got mentioned that bit. Why haven't played that a long time? Right. And so needless to say, I auditioned during the previous break. Hey, you never know, man. Just like that sister Jean theme that I had a like had a dialed up a little bit there. Let's say so much for living free on my sailboats as somebody here. What is this new proclamation from George W. Bush, which was signed in law laws defense to seize your USA or foreign flag vessel after they kick you off it if they think you're planning to travel to Cuba. This means they canadian sailor anywhere in the US territory or waters. Wrist losing their vote if the feds think you may sail to Cuba, even though it's okay if you're Canadian to go to Cuba, it says it's crazy. But it's real, it's not a great line. But I would suggest don't go to Cuba. Right? Right. I mean, if you haven't learned from poor little alienito, what are you ever going to learn? But a Q.A.M. Hello. The team's for your and Bobby Bowdoin. Steve Spurrier, Bobbi Bowdoin was good choice. Thank you. And fact, I got the winner. Other than W. Get those two honors. Steve Spurrier, Bobby Bowdoin, but the winner is you know it is. Terry Bowdoin. Terry Bowdoin, he's Bobby's son. Former football coach is he still coaching coach and we're just on TV all the time. He's just on TV. The real real redneckie. Bob, Terry Bowdoin, man. Wow. Take your work for it. Wow. He makes the guys in the in entry. Look like big city slickers. Look like they're from Manhattan from Wall Street. That's how redneckie he is. Oh, he's a boy. He makes banjo boy look like Donald Trump with better hair. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th and Verizon Wireless line. I think maybe we're putting a little bit too much stock in this old rating book thing today. Whatever. Something to do. Yeah. Now I think it's interesting. It's a it's a thing. No, but it's a moment in history and radio history in the South Florida market. What are they what turned to the use it's a um. X likes moment. Whatever. Yeah. You're I'm talking to my learning point. Yeah. Yeah. The more they go in there. Somebody will I say classic. It's a something. WM. Hello. Yeah. Who am yes sir. Hey. Oh, got to for you. I got the anxious bill for it. It's quite a redneck and the. John C. Highl Ashcroft. How right. All right. And come on there and. Hey. On the marlins and David. What do you just say? What about David. Samson. Yeah. Something to Marlins and David Samson. But it didn't do like not connecting words there. Anyway, Bill Frist. We already said we can't play that bit called Friston. Bill Frist. FRIST. And John Ascroft from misery. Who lost the. What's new a dead man. 560560 pound. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Wireless line. Maybe that's why what run around cover up all the statues. Maybe just maybe it affected him psychologically. When you lose the election to a dead man, it just can let's sense out the deep end. WQ and hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. Some course. Boston. What do you mean? Stone Cold Steve Austin's got five votes right now. Right? Didn't I just get through reading results? Yeah. Man. Okay. Let me read him again real quick. Which of these people best fit to the description the ultimate red neck. George W. Bush 49. Toby Keith 22. They learn hard junior eight. No relation to Ray McLean junior. Jeff Foxworthy six. Stone Cold Steve Austin five. Man. He got those five quick. Didn't. Richard petty five. Ray Cyrus three. Terry Bradshaw three. Billy Bob Horton three Bobby Bowden two. Wayne Lopier junior one. Therawall tripped one. Andy Griffith Scott one. Timmy Johnson Steve Square. Terry Bowden just went on there out of the first one. Oh, nine. If Terry Bowden don't go zoom it up there. Then I'm going to call for a congressional investigation. I'm going to say this band is 9 11 committee right now. Let's investigate this because if Terry Bowden ate the ultimate red neck. Then I don't know who the hell is. He makes George W. Bush seem like Woodrow Wilson. Okay. That's how red necky Terry Bowden is. He is just out of this world. Rod to be. Don't forget look for the QM van new into one. Today it bill us three motors at 300 out of Maria Avenue and Coral Gables. Stop by to pick up a pair tickets to see the Marlins and Dodgers next Tuesday. courtesy of the real deal pages from Bellsau. Now does that mean if they stop by they can pick them up or they got a winner? I don't know. Huh? To stop by to pick up a pair. Well, then there you go. While they last or however it works. Come to QM. Hello. I'm not Joey. Charlie Pride. Charlie Pride is real red necky. A little bit dark and plucked for some of them guys. But good choice. Thank you. Charlie Pride. I have too many black red next. You know what? They're out there. I wonder if he marches during Pride week. Five six seven. Five sixty. Count five sixty. You know there's too much pressure on us. I think maybe we ought to get like a one share in this book. Just just to take the pressure off once and for all. Let's have a deal with it. Let mode do it. Absolutely. The moment. Moin Joe. The sixth to ten segment in there. Moin Joe. Let the mojo guys. Because we know I didn't mention before that not only is the morning got some real tourists. But also especially early part. But also night times man hockey. January February and March. That's the winter waiting book. That's what's going to come out 11 30. And we had the panthers on there. And all I can say about that is. Oh my God. Can't complain about their radio audience because there is none. I mean we have fractions at night for ed.k. How'd you like that to follow a panther game? Okay. How'd you like to have to go to a panther? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want to pick on the organization. But we'll be nice to compete for the playoffs once. You know, when somebody's lifetime it would be good before the team moves on. Pretty QA and hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I don't know. We've been rich to God at me. That net baby squeal like a pig. Okay. I got it made in head baby. Maybe it was a good place. What is anyone? That's good. Plam. You've heard about time. Could it'll hop or he was always on a bread scale. And so that's ready. Was bread scale. God bless. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I didn't like bread scale to be honest with you. I watched it because back in the day. I mean you watched whatever was on. I don't have a lot of options. Then have a whole bunch of choices. Even I remembered the old four channel days. Hmm. I do. As a matter of fact. And I could be wrong. Maybe there were two in the beginning. I don't recall. But we didn't have our TV yet. A little tiny kid and Rochester near and the kid down the block. His parents had a TV set. So every afternoon at 5 30. I believe it was. I go down there. We watched how he doody. Oh, I can't. Howdy. The. And. Well, you're laughing about all kinds of things. And. Well, you're laughing about all kids watched howdy doody. Sure, of course. You had to do your civic duty and watch howdy doody. At any rate, I think it was preceded by the test pattern. There weren't like shows on all day like it is now. Oh, look, it has been for a long time. It wasn't 24 or seven like our engineering department. I've never really get on here sometimes. But there were just shows that came on and the test pattern would be on. You know, the one with the Indian hit on it would been through all of that crap. But the test pattern. Yeah. And 530. Hey kids, what time is it? It's howdy doody. Time. And that would be a very exciting point of my day. Yeah. Back in the day. He was no child's aching. Who's that? Howdy doody? How about Mr. Bluster? He went to bed. 10. 56 man. I'll tell you. We're only. We're moving to that last half hour segment before the big big bomb gets dropped. We're going to be the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one with the one without the none with the if the fifth and the time when it are more and if the one and when the color Tell us if you could've been down and just hit him with you. Tell us if you could've been down and just hit him with you. Yeah, come on, it says the Onges, Jesse Holmes, that's a magnificent choice. Thank you very much. Thank you, Pat. Jesse Holmes gets his ass on their right away. What a piece of turd. In fact, we can thank Jesse Holmes in large part. All of this goodly two shoes, word pulley, stuff we got with the FCC. He's the one who really started that big time. Many back in the day. What he decided to get the FCC off early as he has and start being the word pullies. You know, doing stuff that nobody ever wanted them doing the first place. Here's an excellent fact. Almost as good as Duff's. It says Terry Bowden almost got the perfect gen of the code. He almost got brains, almost got personality, almost got height, almost made human. He's not doing that word yet. That's because most of you must not know Terry Bowden like I do. Hoop. Man, the see him is to say a holy moly. Shazam. Do we want to put you neighbors on here? Okay. So was he a real red necker? Did he just play one or tell of it? I don't know. Old man. River. I guess while we know we was a real one. He was for real. Several of these pools. Huh? Yeah, he's been out of here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But anyway, that's another story. Back in the day, we could talk about that. But we better not. James says, speaking that, I might be a little behind. But I was just reading a letter on your webpage about American Idol and Ellen John saying the voters are racist. What a crack of Schmidt man. The only people who are racist are Paula and Randy at this point. Again, they're all amazing singers. That night, the three black girls in the bottom three and Randy and Paula nothing but complain that the country was voting on popularity instead of talent when they should be congratulating the other four obviously did better. If you ask me none of the other four looked like they could even ever win a popularity contest any damn way, the whole show has been nothing more than Randy and Paula telling the black people how great they are and telling the white people that they're just all right. That's what the biggest display of racism I've ever seen and made me sick and oh yeah, Elton John can kiss my fat. Back home. Yeah, it says James. Praise God James. And maybe he'd like to. Twenty six minutes in county can we handle the pressure where we collapse. We'll duck fall right on the floor in the past prostate prostrate. Let's see. Mike says is Gulf of Sport. John daily, there's a golfer for you. John daily. I never had him as he did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the drunkone with like 10 X was. Don't I see John daily. All right. Let's get him on. Oh yeah. Chris Collins worth man. I despise him. I don't just dislike him. I hate him. Hate him. Don't know who that is. He's an ex-sensitive bankled mediocre defensive back who now of course is a big mouth on NFL. On the one of the pregame shows. Chris colored worth. Or no actually he does a color run a game's now. He is just nauseating. Chris Collins worth and Matthew McConaughey. I don't know who that is. Do you know I miss something John? He's an ex-sensitive. He's got a draw. I guess I qualifies him as the biggest redneck ever. Oh. You probably didn't really read neck though. No, I don't think so. No. Plus we don't want to have to worry about displelling because I'm looking at this by me. I don't want to know Matthew McConaughey. He's been in stuff. He was in stuff. Yeah. Stuff is such and also he was in things. When you like to open up a store called stuff and such and thing. Yeah. Stuff and thing. Stuff and such or just stuff it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT. I've got a lot of stuff here. I'm going to save it for like after all the rating after we get to that hoopla because then he got his just gone anyway. The only people listen very intently are the people in the business. They're all listening right now. Good morning Tom Jekka who's not in the business but you know probably a right article about this book because this is a the viting point. This is a demarcation point in the history of South Florida radio. In fact, this whole last rating period has been a demarcation in the history of radio period. But especially in like six markets where it's thermon off the air because let's face it like him or not he had this huge this gigantic humongous male cumin huge gigantic. You got it? Is it huge? And they got to go somewhere. They're after going to the off position. They got to go how about the Moan Joe show? How about Mojo? Mojo radio here in Toronto. But wait so it can't be noticed. Listen, I'm sure he is waiting here the numbers because cheap channel. I'm not going to tell him nothing right away. Especially if they suck. And he won't have any excuses now. Mr. Castro Nova. You won't have no excuses now. In the morning no more Howard. Or you got one hour but that's right. No competition. 20 degrees. That means 68 the son is shining. They're not a cloud of Scott's going to be 75 that he managed the day of the year. Much too nice. What happens if the numbers come out pretty good for us? As soon as we did the number, we're just going to throw the pages up at a year and just run outside and just love the sunshine, just kind of like frolic in the sun. W. W. Q. A. M. Not there. W. Q. A. M. Hello. Why? Yes sir. Can I add a woman to the list? Sure. How about Valley Parking? Valley Parking is magnificent. I'm sure I can hear you. I'm sure the beat is curtain as well. Okay. Are we going to be Valley Parking for the beat of curtain or not? No, not ever showed them. She's never shown those things. Those things. Valley Parking is a good choice though. Let's see. I'd like to be sent my previous vote for Toby and change it to Tommy Mama's boy of Bowden. No, it's name isn't Tommy. It's Terry Bowden. Do you remember the right name? A potential suggestion for future pulses Bob and it's not already been run. Who has the worst hair? Oh, that's good. We've done here. Bob's up in Tallahassee. My apologies. I'm so sorry for you. Worst hair. That's good. We've done worst hair piece, but we're talking about people with real hair. Worst hair. We've got a cross mole. Oh, well. We could make it all inclusive. All of them. We don't want to leave. Do we know? Absolutely not. He's got Donald Trump dunking, creamer, Jimmy Johnson and mole. Okay. Put that in my pool pump. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow. Okay. What was Terry? That would kill Tomiles pulling in and you're on your own. What do you mean by that? Oh, I got big plans for next week. Which of these people? This fits the description of the ultimate redneck George W. Bush 71. We're going to smoke about it. Their holes. Then we'll lie. We're going to get him. Toby Keith 29. Bring it on. Bobby Bowden 13. Jeff Foxworthy 11. Taylor Hard Jr. 10. No relation to Walter Ross Jr. Billy Bob 39. Stone Cold Steve Austin. He got nine already. Richard Petty 8. Billy Ray Cyrus 7. Steve Spurrier 6. Terry Bradshaw 6. Terry Bowden. He's moving up a little bit. And I got time. Terry Bowden. There are Walter 3. Andy Griffith 1. Wayne Lopier Jr. 1. John Ascrop 1. Charlie Pride 1. John Daley's got one. And he's drinking it right now. And no vote yet out of 192 for Jimmy Johnson. Bill Fris. Chris Collins worth or Dolly part and yet. But they will. They'll start moving up. Twenty two minutes to go. Man, a pressure is just. First in here. Line 9. WQM. Hello. You got to put Jerry Glanzio on their man. Jerry Glanzio. Then old black Jerry. There he go. And I blackened color. But blackened dress. Good. He wears a black dress. Former coach of the New Orleans Saints. Am I correct John? Yes, I am. Am I correct John? I'm correct. I'm correct. Oh, and also the Atlanta Falcoons. Jerry Glanzio. He's another commentator. He's another one commentates now. If you can't make his coaches a player commentate. WQM. Hello. I thought I like that. Anyone look. All right. I'd like to put a Jeremy Sharky. And I got the black redneck. Call me home. Who's I didn't hear last one? Who's he? Call me alone. Well, calm alone. Okay. Thank you. Calm alone. A black redneck. That's Carl with a K. And Jeremy Sharky. Who says all in facts are going to whatever they're going to do. Yeah, he's a real redneck. I think more like some a lot. 5.670560 pound 560. And if he doesn't, I'll just make it up anyway. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. How about Ted Nugien? Ted Nugien. We're a redneck, you man. Okay. Thanks. He probably hangs up. What's that? What's that suburb? Taylor Michigan. That's a suburb of Detroit. That's where a lot of rednicks are in Taylor, Michigan. They got that big, gigantic size, the economy size, Jarrah Vaseline on top of the TV. I don't know what they're doing with it, but nevertheless, you can guess for yourselves. Back in the day, we might explore that area, but I don't think we're going to do that right now. That's all it takes. 5.670560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And in fact yesterday, they were, I don't know what that was all about. Did you see they were sharing a big sheep on CNN? They were sharing a sheep. They were sharing a sheep sheep. The sheep said this was the second most fearful moment of his life. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Charlie Daniel. Charlie Daniels is excellent. Are we a redneck? He got there. And one little wish here. Me, you have a good number. Me, a masculine one. Thank you so much. Oh, great. Nothing like a good masculine number. Just ask me. I'll tell you. Woo. 560. 560 on the AT&T. What do we laugh about? We know what the laugh or cry yet. Whatever. What about if it's just flat? If there's nothing, well, it's maybe we can be. We can be flat. But there's something going to happen in the morning. There's something that's going to be like a re-gigging of the whole deal here. Unless, of course, it's like that previous couple of trends when all the no-speakening and glazed people get to die, is in which case it won't make much difference. Right. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Jimmy Buffet. Jimmy Buffet. We're redneck. We can't get too much more redneck than him. All right. Thank you. I hope he was crab man. I don't understand that, dude. You know, all the facts down there in QS and rednecks. Are you in our combination? No, no, no. You think about it. Think about it. Oh, right, I'm cowboy. Come on, the champion. It's 560 QAM. Come on, the blue. Just watch what you've got. You way, yeah. Youngers, too young. Got to burn, man. Now, let's redneck. Sure, well then, sir. Look at the moon. The sex just ain't screwed unless it's done. Only. Because all us redneck's practice in sales. Now, I'm my only uncle and worries me. My head has dirt took me with her. Back to her double wide. What a deal ain't got no wheels. And inside smell like something died. Because my cheek ain't winged her eyes. We're all alone in the house. But I got to sit when she gave me a kiss. And I'm too into back, go in her mouth. Oh, let's redneck sure love it, sir. The sex just ain't screwed unless it's done. Only. Because all us redneck's practice in sales. So come make my new wife. She's my niece. I just got me a farm with horses. Chickens, cows and pigs. A four by four that I adore, with tires that are too damn big. The rear window it has a gun ground. That's where I keep my gun. Red Bull flagging and the wide window back. My neck is red for too much sun. All us redneck sure love it, sir. Girl, the sex just ain't screwed unless it's done. Only. Because all us redneck's practice in sales. I said there is the one over there with the dirty knees. Every evening it's hard to chew. Those got the nicest chew. And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me. Oh my God. Nobody can't all the redneck's on the climb. Ross P. Roller is somebody says that's a good choice. Gotta roll up your sleeves and do, do, do, do. Little redneck from Texas. Wait to hear, I'm not going to read this now because we got them numbers coming up. Maybe later on, don't let me forget. Or maybe tomorrow. From the UK guardian, their beliefs are bunkers, but they're at the heart of power. US Christian fundamentalists are driving Bush's Middle East policy. And the article, the crux of it is, the trust of it is that a third of Republicans are believers in Armageddon. Right. And the story goes on with the whole song and a dance about Armageddon. And it's becoming, and how it's going to happen. And the anti Christ is on the earth right now walking around. And you will be on board died, Jubilee. I'm going to pardon you. You will convert or die. Right. But won't that be great? Because the rapture is coming. But don't tell John Askcroft about him. I got a rupture coming. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, maybe 11, 30. W, W, AM, hello. New. Yes, sir. I got somebody for your poll. All right. Hake Williams Jr. Hake Williams Jr. Man, he's picking it. Yes, sir. All right. All right. Thank you so much. Hake Williams Jr. You got it. Good, Hake Williams Jr. You got data right now? Well, in puppy singers. There are a bunch of red necks. All in Hill Village. See the people in the deep south, probably won't let everybody And of all those in the case of seven years that happens generally speaking to be true. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't y'all come back now. Y'all come back to two egg. But Daniel Carver, who the hell is that? No idea. So Daniel Carver, do you know who that is? Never heard of it. I'm asking Josh now. Now, Daniel Carver, maybe we'll have to look that up. I'll put it on there. Some of us know who's watching some Carver. It means Danny Glover. I'll only need to seem to run that key to me. 560560. 560 on the AT&T line, we're 10 minutes away. I think we've done magnificently well to keep on an even Howard Kills so far. Which of these people best fits the description the ultimate redneck? George W. Bush 91. You can touch him. Toby K34, Bobby Baton 20, Jeff Foxworthy 16, Big Bob Thornton 11, Terry Bradshaw and Dale Earnhardt Jr. 10 of piece. Richard Petty 9, Stone Cold Steve Austin 9, Billy Ray Cyrus 9, rolled Billy Ray. Terry Bowden's moving up I told you he's moving up real slowly but deliberately. Steve's bird is also got it. There are while trip 4 Jesse Helms 4 John Askcroft 2 Charlie Price got a pair. Jerry Glanville's got a 2 the black man. Why didn't he always do that? What was the deal with it? That was his trademark. I was dressed in black black shirt, black pants. Black eye. Jeremy Shockey 2 Charlie Daniels 2 John Daily 1, a 2. And one piece for Andy Griffith Dally part and she's only got one now. Jimmy Johnson 1. Wayne Lopier Jr. has got one because nobody knows who he is. And no votes for Carmelon Bill Frist Ted Nugent Chris Collinsworth Jimmy Bucket, Matthew McConaughey we didn't want him on there but that's okay. Ross P. Row or Hank Williams Jr. out of 259. All are red next all the time. That's the USA. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Hey that Daniel Carver is the the past president of the Ku Klux Klan for a lot time ago. He's been on the Howard Stern is the regular for a while. Is that the Ku Klux Klan? Oh go ahead. Yeah. That's the guy one about Billy Carter. Billy Carter was good. I don't forget. Will it be rip? Billy Carter is good. He was a real. Sir, I can't say that no more. It says Carver called in movie reviews on the Howard Stern show. Wow. Eight minutes in counting, speaking of Howard Stern speaking of the ratings coming out speaking of, uh, quality straight. Right. The pressure that's building on the self-loader radio market or I should say what's left of it. After clear channel are just as devastating not just with a stern dropping but I mean they've dropped the big bomb and even more never dropped a bomb quite like this. Remember mode drop and a bomb? Better probably play that a few times to the ultra. By the way, to the losers on cloudy channel. Yeah. Give me didn't work. Oh, get it. Anyway, it's not even worth listening to you know. But better watch it. Pay back to the bench. It's coming. It's coming. Right. He had nothing to do with any of that of course, but it's coming. Of course. W to Q and hello. I knew I think the punima fundamentalist's body found to figure no summa been lodged and to get things rolling. OK. Anyway, that's it. OK. Thanks. Well, summa yamama. Well, the article suggests maybe even Walmart and it says if that's the case then they would agree. Ha ha ha ha. Because it wants to radio tag it stocked there by exposing human kind of the mark of the beast. Oh, this article's really good. In fact, I might just have to go ahead and put it on our website for later on today or maybe tomorrow. Whatever. Don't let me forget. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look for the Q and Van noon till one day it build you three motors at 300. Almeria Avenue and Crogebles. You know where that is? I never heard of it either. Almeria Avenue and Gable stopped by to pick up a separate ticket to see the Marlin and Dodger game next Tuesday courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bellsaule. I bet you McGell will be there. OK. Well, he don't need to be there today because you got muffin clearance both are going to be racing in with the pages from the, oh, it's going to be quite quite a scene. Get your gas mask, come because have a feeling either way no matter what happens. There going to be a lot of aromas in the year. W to Q and hello. Hey, you still play the, um, the making out thing with high enough. Yeah, sure. You can play that. Yeah. OK. We can still play it. W to Q and hello. That's not like a high appalli guy. W to Q and hello. Neil, you said I got my, uh, the. The quarter one, but really Carter's a, that's the first space that I saw when you said the typical red neck was going to be. Well, I ask you this. How about Jimmy Carter? Yeah, he's pretty red. He's so pretty. He's a little bit hard on the ground. Right. How about Jerry Jones Jerry Jones is fabulous boy. Why hate his guts. I hate him too. Every time Dallas misses, I just squeeze myself. I get so excited. It's Sam Elliott's kind of red neck too. A little bit. All right. That's all I got Neil. Thanks, Palette. You're on your head. See you. Sam Elliott. Jerry Jones, owner of the Dallas Cowboys. That was Cowboys man. They're going to really, they're going to turn around man. You know what? They did kind of turn it around. Turn what about? Correct them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's of course after treatment was safely gone from the team. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and for Rajan, wireless line. I don't believe any of them were rumors about Troy. Do I? Yeah. Oh, Chris, that's for it. The WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Let me see again. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? All right. I think the mad foul is a little red neck. He's a little on a red neck. He said that he's from solo in Ohio. So what do you expect? We don't want to put the mad dog on here. We don't want to trash the mad dog doing it. No way. Any tends to be running red neck. He's side. That's just the act. He's a real sophisticated city slicker. It all had him food you for women all that crap about the green lizards and all of their bull crap. Oh, yeah. That's all just a joke thing. You know, just like his supporter president Bush, don't believe that for one second. 26 passed 11 at 5, 60, WQM. We are coming to that moment. And in fact, my spinkier has just tightened ever so slightly. I don't know if we can still say that. I bet you that muffin clearance is they're squirming in their chairs right now. They're squirming in their seats. Their spinkers are tightening ever so gradually. Don't you think? And of course in Dubst case, 26 after a lot of the 5, 60 WQM others days right around a corner. If you're looking for a really great gift for mom to show or just how creative and tough what you can be. Center a Vermont teddy bear made just for her. Like the mama's boy bear with heart shaped mom tattoo or the new mom for president bear. A friendly bear comes was going to take your call right now at 1-800-829 bear and help you tailor a bear just for your mom, your wife or grandma or all of the above. They got over 100 bears each handcrafted in Vermont and guaranteed for life to live with free gourmet candy and a gift card. That is your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and cup said is a perfect idea because you can choose any number of cups and personalize each one of their own different names. Sending a Vermont teddy bear is the creative alternative to sending flowers which are didn't just a matter of hours and she'll keep them a little bear forever. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Be sure and tell them that Neil told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. My and local mere sports video 5-60-0. 2-A-M. Comments Jiffoxworthy has finally gotten a new app. That's right, he has changed his name and has a brand new CD. It's Jiffoxworthy's you might be an entrepreneur. Hey, I'm doing it! In the hotland, we know how to spot an infinite hell. If you're car and your house both have a roof, he might be an impudent. Jiffoxworthy's you might be an impudent. He's taking Middle Eastern countries by storm with weapons of massively funny material. If you've ever seen a woman's ankles, impubly, he might be an impudent. He's more hilarious than the former Iraqi Minister of Information. He's Jiffoxworthy. If newscasters don't have to practice pronouncing your name, you might be an impudent. If you've never stolen a 5000 year old relic from a national newsland, you might be an impudent. You might be an impudent for them. The new comedy CD from Jiffoxworthy, available with the 60-footed creator that used to be the Baghdad Best Buy. All right. So when I say 1132, I don't see any numbers coming over yet. No, I don't see anybody either. Nobody's coming right in any yet? No. Oh my god, you have to be kidding me. Well, no. Well, what are we going to do now? Wait. Tom's up. Oh, look at that. What? Do you think the US made a mistake getting involved with the war in Iraq? 24% in March said yes. Now 48% in Adam's State 46. In fact, CNN had a poll on this morning, and I don't know the exact number. I probably shouldn't say it, but it was astonishing. Should the US withdraw all of its troops immediately? I think it was like 57% said yes and 36% said no. Hmm. How do you like that? I hear something coming over to machine. Or I hate that. How do you know that? Well, I don't know. Let's say facts to them to you. Well, did you send it? No. Oh, I'm going to send it to wreck from another machine, huh? Oh my god. No. What is this? Just swell. How about a poll of the RG? That's better than doing that. Don't be giving me like a false alarm. I got it. Let's try it again. No. No. Damn it. Okay. Well, we'll just continue. I just can't wait to see the 12 pluses where we get first, which is like everybody will listen. Little kids over the age of 12 teenagers. People over the age of 100, which nobody wants. You know, people like me. But it's going to be really interesting to see WBGG and if they have their cheap channel stations to whether this would have sought for it or people will really woke up and made a statement. And sure we'd like to benefit some from it. We'd like to benefit a lot as much as we can, but that's not the point. The point is you've got a chance to make a statement. And I will see if they did or not. The rush people I don't think will go anywhere. They'll do it. It's like a religion. Line 9, WQA, below. Not there. I thought line 9 was like a religion they never hung up. Did you think? I thought so. WQA and hello. Yeah, I'm an Agen. Pretty good, Pally. Hey, lady, it is channel 10. We've got to get some extra, extra wide angle cameras. I heard that Paul Cash for Homos going to be doing sports gym live with managed next year. What do you think about that? Wow. That is, I mean, this guy is the radio whore, gives a new mention. I wonder who's material he's going to be using on that show? Oh, yeah, he hired some guy called in the day. He said, how come you use the old meals of same words back in the day? Hey, Pally. That's not enough on him. Thanks for the spary for Pally. Good job. Cash to know about that. Now that'll be like I said, the monkey is off his fat back. You know, I've no excuses no more. You know, well, you're a rubber goods hoard, stir, and you don't well. That was, you know, that was a point. Right. Other than the fact that Paul and old Ron, they're shoced and they used everybody else's material. But now it's going to be interesting to see if Zeta goes zooming up there or not. I'm waiting until the RDD facts me something else? Yeah, but nothing numbers. Why not? Where are they? I don't know. Oh, no. No. She's stews says this crackdown on shows like yours is not about cleaning up anything. It's politics. Anyone that's been targeted by the Republicans knows exactly what's going on. They've got overtime paying a elected military pay off, fothy minimum wage, and worth of all throwing good people into prison example Tommy Chong. Thank you, says stew. Well, stew, what can I tell you? Thank you, stew. What are we going to do without stew? Just sit here and stew, huh? It already jesus. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Let's take a look at how that pulls come out. I'm strong a little bit here because usually when it gets to be that magic moment, they come racing him with a whole pile, you know. But maybe they're like falling all over each other, running into each other or maybe they have some kind of a technical glitch over there, you know. It would be the first time that would be bad. That would be really bad after this big build up. I don't think we could emotionally handle it. But after I take off right now, this leads him to dead here till 2 o'clock. There's up. There's up. Is he smiling or frowner? Is he got a big smile on his push? He says we look good. We look good. Well, we're not asking that. We know and cheese. He's saying to Josh. Josh, you probably why lisp about other real quiet and just the back against it there. I go right down to him stairs. 12 plus come in at you. 12 plus is coming at we look good. Look good. How do you like that? In fact, let me make a little bit of prediction right now. you're carrying away but something. All right. We don't know what. Can that tell him what you just said? Something. The mid days. How well? The mid days look good. Oh, the mid days look good. Oh, well, I saw. I mean, that's all we care about immediately. We would like to see everybody on the station do great because we get extra bonus money. Plus we like most of the people on the station. Don't wait. Absolutely. In fact, we like just about all of the people on the station. We wish nothing but to very best because our team players. We like we vote. We vote. Everybody. That's what we're like. Most of them. Oh, that's bad. Yeah. Okay. We'll see. You said it's coming by. I hear like little squealing in my I got my fax machine there. Man, it's all greased up and I got a ton of paper in there. And I got that new thing in there. What is it called? The new drum. I'm beaten on her right now. That new drum. Just like Jean Krouper. But I do feel a little bit out of the looper. But this is he's a Cherupa again. Okay. Let me take a call or two. Wait for this. I don't wait. Can't do it. Here we go. I heard the first page starting to like. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh. Okay. Oh my god is her, uh wait a minute. Let me just take a look back okay 12 plus they actually went up a little CMQ FM Holy moly you know what this is What it is in the fall book I know what they had in the fall book. I don't go that for yeah, I do right here a five point Oh, this is 12 plus and now in the winter book they got a six point. Oh, oh, man All right, Ho Chi Kuchi stuff. It's see that CD accrues factor coming home to rooster again Power oh, they got to be a kick screw. He's got to be jumping up and down in the hall man. He might attack tough or the other way around Power 4.6 number 4 and a fall they went up to 5.5 their number 2. We're number 2 at power This is 12 plus keep in mind we aren't going to be anywhere in the first couple of pages here But I will tell you this number to beat the target is to beat a 2-1 for the entire station IOD 2 8 to a 3 2. That's not a good thing to see. T William 2 6 and a fall 2 1 and a winter. That's bad That is not good to see at all That is a not a good thing to see 2 6 to a 2 1 Holy moly Well, we had a 2 1 and the last trend 2. So that means we're flat Somebody somewhere is not getting a job done on this radio station, okay? You know what I'm saying? Could be also could be not according to God Well, what did stuff say they say we done good? He said we did take a look. Huh? He said we look good by we he means the show or maybe we're talking in French maybe just said we we Would you can't say that anymore by the way? No, they'll say we we Hot 1 0 5 number one. They were timed with radio on more last time But now they went from a 5 2 to a 6.6. This is in the morning person 12 plus hot 1 0 5 Radio on more drop and down. Maybe they actually found some people speaking with but I don't think so 4 5 2 to a 4 8 CMQ FM from a 3.5 in a morning to a 4.7 from number 13 number 3. I want an investigation Don't you sure one out don't you? Now let's see if we can find 12 plus who else do we care about where is WBG in a morning where is WBG? From a 4.3 to a 2.7 from 4th to 18 That's not as bad as it should be you know I said one five Although we don't see we don't have the monthly's yet when we extrapolate the monthly's in a few days We'll see what they did in March. It's gonna be a big point something It is gonna be catastrophic. I don't see a Zeta on here to you Well, I mean every by couple of places and they're demoing more than it is ours, but I don't see nothing Oh look at that two eight to a two eight so I don't understand Paul and old Ron Howard's off for a month of this deal and you guys ain't going nowhere at least not in the overall What a pages are just piling up here man. I got piles from looking at this I'm in day So let's see did we see what Mo had yet here in the morning or did I not do that yet? I don't see us for doing this on here. It's very embarrassing a two four to a one eight. Oh my god at morning shows just blows man. Wow Holy moly midday look at that 12 plus I O D went from a three six to before one from book to book They're moving on up so they're not punishing the clear channel stage. That's obvious no chance CNQ FM six three to a seven five in the day 12 plus that's bad that is brutal Q AM three out of a three five And let's see in the last well, I think good because we had in last trend. I think we had a three Oh, I don't know what we had What do we have George? I don't know a three four So we'll see when I went us all Shuffles out okay, where I'm shuffling all these pages right now We'll see what we have to do. Did they look at the real demographics the living and breathing people not the alticocours like me and then we'll see Then we'll see who's gonna be on here. Oh my my And love this is for trio five six Immacon on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Wanna Why you by your respect you? Next time you. I know my smell track you. But unlike that you, you still got such a... I feel just like as you are my dear brothers and when you need to learn. That's why you are still not by it. You're always gone by it by it. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm wanna show you. I am got the knew man. Wow! Absolutely. It's way too much over. All right, that's enough. It's 1147. Look at this overall. Then 2554 WQM number two. How do you like that? Yeah. Pretty impressive. You sound very depressed. No, no. It's more impressive than that. Once we extrapolate it. What does that mean? Our midday number. 2554? Right. I don't know. I don't tell me. It's on its way. I'm not going to tell you that. That would be bad to spur it for me. So obviously we didn't quite make CMQFM, right? Well, it's so... Don't say it. It's very close. It's nipping talk. It's nose to nose. I see them mold by the way, blows. I mean, can I say that? Look at the mornings in men 25 to 54. That's our key target demographic. 4.8 in the fall rating book. And now a 4.2. Through. Giving new meaning to the word fall. Oh, we... No, we got it. What are you talking about? This is a miracle. Are you crazy? Are you out of your mind? We got it, man. This is a miracle. I'll be here right now. Right now. I'll make the record. This is one of the great miracles in the history of mankind. We're number one. Damn it. Oh, you just played that. I did do the break at 40 tonight. Yeah. Okay. I didn't cross it up because I've busy doing all this other stuff over here. But my crack staff, which I don't have. WCMQFM in midday had a 7.9 share in astronomical number. WQM midday 10 to 3 had a 7.8. Which means from 10 to 2. And of course, that all depends on what we see with that number is in the afternoon, right? Right. And since you already know what the number is in the afternoon, we're just not telling me. Don't you already know? Or look at that number one at the 6.1. But it looks like, oh, yeah. No sweat, right? Right. Well, I don't have a copy anymore. So I can't read along with you. Well, then they gained difference because all we need is like a fraction to, to, uh, e-cout, when overseeing QFM. I always go up at least half a point. I told W, at least half a point in the extrapolation. In the extrapolations, that's right. So I think it's safe to say. We're number one. Damn it. I OD went from a 4-8 to a 6-4. So anybody with the idea that they're punishing the team channel stations, they sure, I told you they wouldn't. They won't do it. And although, of course, quite frankly, how much of a crossover is the between the people who listen to Howard Stern and I OD for example, how many people? Fuck, third man! Hey, you want these 18 to 34's? I'm facted over right now. Sure, I want it all, man. Thought I'd want it all. Or not. Or not. My hands on it. I'm just pretty darn shocked and so should the Duff ought to be running around, squeezing, uh, squeezing Clarence's parts right about now. And probably is. When you think? How about about the afternoon? Number one. Right. So number one in midday, number one in the afternoon. Morning, though. Number seven. Dropping from a tie for fourth to number seven. precipitous drop. Oh boy, is all I can say. Guess how are people didn't go there? Yeah, we thought that some of the Howard people might go to our Howard now. Here's a guy that says a facts. Or could you please give us the most important rating number for nice and magic one or two points. Seven. Mr. Tom Cooney, he was on seriously unceremoniously blown out. Hosted the seven of midnight shift for 10 years. I hope that the. Polls of Jefferson, probably the Mr. Bob Hamilton have the worst book and they contact some filthy painful jackets for the treatment of Mr. Kennedy. Thank you sir. You demand. And of course is probably from time and subway to think. No, he was not that kind of guy. You isn't. No, he's not. Well, that's right. He used to work with us. He's a friend of ours. He's a good guy. Right. So again, other reason to hit Bob Hamilton in those, uh, class holes over there at the magic one or two points. Seven. We like our buddy Ricky Tickie Shaw for his sake. We hope he's okay. You know what I mean? So nights this guy wants you 25.54. That's there. Uh, well, what we got men. Okay. I don't know about persons. Men 25.54. Magic. Uh-oh. Bad news from a three point. Oh, 4.1 from 15th to number eight. I have no idea when Tom Cooney got blown out over there. What month was it said we don't have the monkeys and won't have for a couple more days. But they went up actually at night. Magic one or two points seven. How do you like that? So we just do it eventually. Can I feel like we've pulled off a major miracle here. You know, the station in spite of a precipitous drop in a morning show. Rimes with Mo and blow. Uh, we still between the 10 a.m. and 7 p.m. Do a magnificent job if you ask us as we pet ourselves in a back and say. Number one. I said the morning and after seven tonight. And that's the, a path to, I never mentioned what the path is at. You want to know. Well, I don't care. I can tell you in 12 plus what they had already looked that up as I'm looking on a. Eight fifth page for this one for this number. We had a went from a 1.8 in the fall, which is also panaged to a zero point eight at night in the end. 12 plus in other words, nobody listens to panther hockey on a radio. Sorry about that. Now, men 25.54. 3.5 in a fall 2.3 at night. So the night times took a dump. The mornings took it up 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. We're just fine. We're fine. Well, that's okay. Now, let me see what about what about the thing here. We got all carried away with us. Look at that big one. Oh, six. They were number one in the fall with a 10.1 share and now Howard's gone one month at this book and they're down to number two with a six point one. They dropped four full rating points. And again, keep in mind, that's just with March out of us. Right. When January and February disappear, so they're going to do the same thing. Now, you think what's during a gone for a month, you think Paul and old run might pick up a little more. Then they picked up a little 4.8 tied for 4th to 5.1 number 5 in the morning. Nothing in the right home about it. Yes, me. I mean, when we went from a full, what would we do? I can't find it. You stole it. We went for a 5.8 was 7.8. I'll give it a 5.8 in the fall when we got released. We badly to weigh 7.8 men 25.54. So where did the audience in the morning go? CMQFM went zooming up to number one. Think took a big dump. Hot 105, 55 to 6.0. A radio hitmo, 4 2 to 5 4. W.F.D.J. Is there anybody sticks English? Oh, Jesus. K Christ. Magic in the morning, 34 to 37. W.E.D.R.3837er flat. W.I.O.D.31 to 35. Men in black, 27 to 31. So this whole business about, uh, over going to go to boycott the clear channel stations. That is not happening at all. Who's we? The audience. The usop Florida people are pissed off. They don't care if they like the music they like to show their listen. Our effects in the morning. Fox sports 0.7 to an 0.5. Oh my God. Wow. Holy moly, proving that half a point is better than none. Oh, they can do better. They can get a point. Three that will say half a loaf. Half a point is better than none. How much is this going to be more than half a loaf over there today? But that's another story. Oh, look at this midday one five to a two seven. They're moving up big time in mid days. That's where they're starting to really inch ahead. Uh, uh, we're in big trouble now. You know what? Yeah. They're looking to big move on Fox sports in a midday. It must be a ro me. All the homies listen to ro me now. And what about Fox and the afternoon 0.5 to a one point. Oh, just start to make a little bit of a, Uh, it's just enough to give Greg a little twitch in his bowels. You know, just enough to make his, uh, Anus start quick and little bit. Can we say that? Oh, what's it on the list? No, it anus. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pies see how we get totally thrown off our appointed grounds with this crap. Yeah, but it's funny. I know it's important to watch this. What we live and dive by anybody else in industry. 18 to 34. Do they want to know this? We sure don't. Six A. I'm the midnight power from a nine five to a 12 to a. Can't carries got to be dancing the halls right now. Probably would pictures of anus squeaks to ass. EDR, 83 up to one. 96. I do. MIV men in black seven nine to nine for there's the punishment of clear. Clear. Clear. Yeah. They should live so long. Your audience is so 40. People have got no shame. 5 6 to a 5 8. Why 100 that's another one. When all the stations went up. How 105, 5 3 state flat. That's a car station party radio. 59 down to a four, seven other car station. Radio Romance. State flat. The coast for two to a four. One of constation. Radio, hit mode two to two up to a four. Oh, does anybody speak English anymore in that town? Okay. WXDJ 37 up to a four point. Oh. Man. Zeta. Look at this. 18 to 34. 5 0 to 37. That's not really their demo. It's there 25. No. Fossil rockers. How big are you? They got more aged rockers. A word. Yeah. Well, okay. So there's the deal. Now what about 18 to 34 in a morning? I guess we need to look at the big one. Oh, six. How it had you? Uh, 18 to 34. Let me see if I can find it in the 60 10 AM before we do this break. Uh, power 96. Where are we? One to a four five. Oh, my God. There went from number one to a time for number eight and just one month of a hard being off the air eight one to a four five. But when the next trend comes up, big one 06 is going to be. Queenie and time. My. And this is for 20. 56. 2 a. 4 a. 1 p.m. 1 1 1 1 2 2 1 2 2 1 2 2 1 2 3 3 4 2 2 1 2 2 I bought the boy King and I bought her a new to believe what I said today I'm about to go I got one Who you know I don't have to read the paper I control the view It's good to have a bad economy Go to Indian you'll find the job of trading very high Who was the boy you dug up Come on to have five sixty WQAM Don't forget that QM fan right now to one o'clock until build usory motors wait three What is it? Usory? We got a correction on that what a crush usory Usory Usory Usory That's what you choose to it's us and use Demon these those Build our soldiers At three of them, I'll maybe have an approval stop by to pick up I'll pick up tickets to see the Marlins and Dodgers game next Tuesday courtesy to real yellow pages from bell south I'll also re-motors excuse me Anyway did the duck come breathlessly running in there and tell you what we did in the month March and then 2554 10.2 Wow, and we still I'd not be number one because I'm looking at the afternoon and CMQFM does really do very good After and drive compared to the rest of the day I said they might actually the two to three hour do worse than whatever you see what I'm saying It's still comfortable It'll you do? Yeah, it'll be really tight We'll have to wait for the extrapolations Anyway, there was something real on 18 to 34 for some strange reason our audience just vanished the whole station Yeah, no yesterish 18 to 34 a.m. away with their tail between and like pissed off and fired up Maybe it's the Howard Stern factory you think that could be it? I know that but maybe they just uh, very their radio is maybe they stuck in the bottom of the pool like I told them to do They're all vanished 560560 p on let's get back to business here. Okay. Let's quit with all this folder over these ratings quit pent ourselves on a back Could beaten up on poor mo What is it you sending me now as these pages just keep pouring across here so 2555 Oh, what is it persons why are you sending me that so that you know how many where did we got? I know how many women we got Nothing goes waste anymore. My paper holy moly the pages are just pouring across here Shut down a bunch of whole red was in California and ship it up here to get all this paper The biggest ultimate red neck of the mall George's that he was 132 Toby Keith 41 Bobby Bowden 32 Jeff box with the 24 Terry Bowden's move it up nicely. You go boy 21 Steve Spurrier 19. They're hard junior 15 Billy Maupford, a thought and 15 Terragra, 14 Charlie Daniels 12 stone cold Steve Austin 10 Billy Ray Cyrus 9 Billy Carter 9 Jesse Helms H on Ashcroft H on daily 8 and then drank 8 and drank Hank Williams junior 7 Daniel Carver 7 Ted Nugien 7 Charlie's pride for it. They're a walter for Dolly part and three and the rest for good about that. Dolly part has got three Ons on the back I see oh you're still sending this stuff are you? I'm not gonna pull him out of the machine now. Oh my god person's 2554. This is pathetic out onto your collection Oh, I don't want to and now run out of staples for crying out loud Order some order. They're expensive office apply Really get them these these all been out of shape What do we got here in a morning person's let's see two six to a two three oh My god, Mo Mo. Well, we don't know if it's Mo or Joe, you know what I don't want to be picking on mo because we don't know we don't have the extrapolation yet. We don't know we don't know no I guarantee in midday we got nothing in fact based on the way I see we don't have any women We have no women Okay, persons 2554 you'll see I'll see fourth and then we got a point eight in women We got a 728 men. We got a 0.8 women Although that's up for me a 3.1 or 4.3 in there Persons 2554 Well, we don't really care about that. We listen if the ladies got no sense of humor out there if they're uptight Of the two busy watching Jerry spring or an Oprah and Christine and all the other cock or I that's up to them. Okay, we don't we can't be bothered with that We're doing the best we can there difficult circumstances Will they make believe we had a 10.2 share in March in men? Not too shabby a will take it and still might not make number one if that's the MQ thing screws us up. I think they should pay to full bonus just under principle No matter what the final numbers just because we came so close Like I hear his breath away, right, right and that number two for station don't forget and then that's thanks to us right thanks to us in a mad dog and a humber All the rest you people might be psyching off some bonus money because of the overall station performance you can kiss our fat ass is okay Man talk about get up your old chapstick. It's a little more a spotty than that. I see I'm thinking more of me in the Humber 5 670 560 if you don't stop sending these pages. I may just disconnect my fax machine. I may go on strike WQA and hello QAM See why would I expect them to be there because I keep rambling and rambling we've been a half an hour here of Mr. Rambling, you know, let's get back to the important cran stop rambling man Okay, WQAM hello Mr. Rogers, yes sir Hey nice to hear you're still in the airways I got a pole for your red next Yep, Timothy McBay Tim McBay is red neck is it come? Yes, and what about the guy who founded Wendy's what's the same? Thomas He was a redneck Yes, he was Very southern Oh, got them full Thanks, Bally Okay, we'll put Tim McBay on there. He won't see him no more Or Dave Thomas when you come right down right I don't know I'm just because he was driving him NASCAR, you know, and I'm spots please Is that what it takes to be redneck used to drive a car? I guess I got anybody in the south Yeah, we didn't quite get it he said he was very southern, okay, I do realize I Sip it as with the race coming from because it tends to a lot of people from the south tend to be really really really rednecky Although I think Tony Sigerretto is from the south he went to U.M he's been down there and there is a guy he wouldn't call him a redneck I mean a jackass a fool of clown, yes, but a redneck no see right I mean Josh, where do you want to go? 11h 11h every1 o'clock Five minutes, but he's been in florida for like almost his entire life for lasted ten years and so you consider him well a bit Rednecky a little on a rednecky side yeah Yeah, he's got such the good stuff City was a little rednecky on the side five six seven.0 five city pound five 60 on the 18th14 Well, we'd be the sire relief. I guess everything came out pretty good big is vanishing from the globe, but we might as well take that thing off about the clear channel and logos We got on here to get those off of their air whenever you get around with because it's it's wasted time This business well the people are gonna rise up and they're gonna punish yeah, no, they're not Well, they just aren't they just aren't gonna do it Everyone of their stations went up as a way of saying oh, thanks for getting that filthy Howard Stern off the year WDQA and hello Yes, sir got another woman for your pull there She fits her in that perfectly red hair and cross-eyed Reba Reba make a tire Rebneck tax and While you're somebody I'd be a purple using advertising mass costs for food right and you guys never did it as a good poll to use next week. Well, what would the question be? What what would the question be? Okay, but mask got yeah, we're food or whatever you need like match match is dying or whatever Right, okay, thanks there you go George is one for next week. Who's your favorite food thing? Okay person character Tony the tiger Okay, something like that. Yeah, okay. We'll do something like that. I mean how many of those are there? About 30 men. That should be enough I sure hope you're through a centimeter stuff. No, I'm sending you more stuff, but it's not good stuff. It's not good. What is it surprise? So extrapolations well, we can't do the hour by hour extrapolations because I won't for a couple of days It's just a two-time email me all of those results. What is it you wanted that monthly big number for one thing? Yeah? Well, I just gave it to you. I know what it is. Oh, the big number. I thought you meant our big number No, not that big number the other big number and what is it 1.8 So I want 1.5 so I want a graphic as that 18 plus men 18 plus men they went to a 1.8 in March and they're on the way they're vanishing Big one of six will vanish from the face of the earth. See not as forceful as in San Diego when they went from an eight nine And February to a zero point seven in March See those people really put their feet down and the same thing happened to everywhere else when they went off here Not in South Florida though. We're a little on the slow side. Okay. Well, we'll get around or we're pretty darn fired up and pissed off You know, but we'll get around to it one of these days and really that's okay We just we're just to please just push with what we did, you know? Yeah, I think we ought to adopt a new attitude to school everybody else were for us and a mad dog and Hank Right, yeah, we'll see what you get to do Well, Mo and Joe You gotta get the Mo Joe working Tommet it's past noon as five. See did the great come in here and pet you want to have a great job boys did he didn't do that? No, well, why not? He's busy. He's got other station Oh, it's 10 Well, how are 96 went through the roof that should make him happy? I'm about kiss cuz I don't look at kiss cuz I don't have my finger my nose although Would fit him with our polo today. How did his do? Well, take a look. Let's just take a random look here morning six to 10 a.m WKIS What's the three three three three three their flat is an antimicrob pancake man ain't going nowhere They go for persons, right They do I don't 25 54 persons my ass Kiss four two out of a three nine a midday They're they're flat they're down a little bit. They're not going nowhere. Okay, especially with a stupid gimmicks Oh, we're changing the format. Yeah, right? That's that's an active desperation. I a desperate radio station because is the trader parts keep vanishing so does their audience Just like as the English language people keep moving out of town. Well 12 minutes after noon at five six. You'd be wqm. Let's face you been here me talk about fast train for a very long time Probably wonder if it makes sense for you and maybe changing your life in a very positive way the facts are simple If you have the dedication fast-ranking provide you with an unnecessary training if help you achieve your new high-paying computer career In just four short months Think about it in just four short months you can be on your way fast-rins god day night and weekend classes and financial assistance for people are qualified Once you complete those classes fast-paying will even help you out and I'm paying a new computer job So what's not to like it's really just that easy if you're tired of moving your feet not going anywhere if your life is like on a treadmill This could be the answer you've been looking for fast-rins got seven soft-loaded locations So there's body one nearby you they're in Pembro Pines for a lovely alami and Kindle give McCall 1 866 fast train check them out of the way if you like it fast-rins I'll come but then make that call that can give you a big fat paycheck and a real life call 1 866 fast train do it today You're Jump here in the taxi carano but take driver central park You look that mean so quish a good ring Healthy was in the dark So I acted out my puncture rate and with my arms the trees I made No bug speaks English and a model I Went down to my amic which weather is nice and sunny I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real fun Ask them for a pint of fortune be me just knowing the end of what does that mean? But I'm gonna That the corner deline Hell, I think I mean I just stand pickin was smelly Are you gonna go back to all our rags? Came here many years ago Learn my ABC I don't say much as gross years I say pretty So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now. I'm making this thing You know butter speech English 2018 at five sixty WQM. So I think I made a mistake here. I was adding the men 18 plus numbers together with 2554 See what I'm saying and extrapolate in the wrong members. Okay, sweeted good Mars But not like what I thought but anyway So death does send me them numbers and congratulations to thanks for yeah and here's clearance Congratulations his parents were number two, dammit, and that cute Yeah, clearance there were number two and he takes all the credit Who was gonna write another word in there, but I told him we were the lot it said. Okay. I'm sure he was Here's now just want to give you this and I'm this is not sour grapes. We're delighted with where we are but the WCMQFM Okay, speaking of nobody speaking English They're cum actually went down from the fall book there average quarter hours though Went from number one to six point six to number one to seven point ninety precipitous increase and why you might ask? Because they're like the listeners here point from seven hours and 15 minutes a week to nine hours and 15 minutes a week They're number one and that which means it's become like a religion ball that must place a World good music and yet every time we've been inquiring what are they planned that it is CMQFM? Well, uh, latin all these yeah, but but what artist that well nobody seems to know it's the biggest mystery in town like Francisco Aruca same thing nobody knows the trouble we see So that length of listeners you're really just they're kind of scratched my head and my ass when I take a look at that But that's okay. We'll see how it plays out how it falls out. It's gonna be nippentuck knows to know's When the whole thing lays out I think we got it. I just consulted my I don't as you can solve it whom my Strawledger I see a Walter Mercano he's Puerto Rico WQM hello How one is it request somebody for your poll? Yes, Mark stock Mark shot and my parents were from the Cincinnati area so that Area is such a hell wholesome thing is yes, it is right. We know speakers you got my god. You're not kidding. Thank you Neil Thank you over the river march. You ought to be shot. Not in seekroke Oh, recently yeah, thanks you did I think march on is dead. Oh, I believe and if not probably ought to be what are nasty 560 pound in fact owners of teams generally speak and don't don't very often tend to be nice people Now we certainly do love Jeffrey Laurie and David Samson. I was kind of like a slow starting love affair But nevertheless I'm sure that's out for the distant chanda with him John Henry. He was a real crack hole And then we had Wayne of course. I mean talk about a class hole there's the ultimate and a Steinbredder See what I mean Most of the owners of teams generally tend not to be really like What about the art mode hell is another one for you Josh Soul the city of Cleveland down a river made up a bunch of stories how much funny was losing them took his team and We're turning into a rave in maniac and Baltimore art mode hell despised by all Cleveland They probably like to hang his ass in effigy or maybe for real WQM hello I like to give a Name for the poll yes, sir You're taking it now How many are you part? Yes, I'm in the morning. I'm in the morning. Okay, is the real red neckie guy you've got it good one? I'm a sin of morning, man. He is just pondress with a cowboy hat and his brother fed on a ranch my god It's time to buy the farm I'm a Better than a live radio show every morning on TV. Well just about anything right Man we we you are such is for amusement sake every every morning. I'll flip it on for a couple of minutes And in George and I will like a listen and congratulate in our last and cackle and puke and So shake our heads and amazement how a dead man can be propped up in that chair snapping at that gum, you know And just a bummer Well like that you cannot maybe one out of ten words you can understand what he's saying on a good day the I man WQM hello Hey, I sure good I got it. I got one for your poll. I don't think everybody's thought of it yet The ultimate red neck strong sermon strong sermon. I'll be dying now, but he's on there though. I must be forgot to put him on I don't remember reading his name to you. I Don't remember I remember reading his name now somebody's fed there Right at the start of the show and I think that it might look right through Josh's fingers Huh, guess what March why is dead? I just got through saying that March. God is dead She died just recently right that's why it's fresh in my mind. You think if she died a while ago Old school like me to remember that you'd dream and march the second of what this year yeah excellent good news A strong sermon. He's also dead and And I don't see him on that pool. We better get him on right away. That was no result on Josh's part. I'm sure Well, it wasn't you who do you? Anyone Pold growing doubts on a rack. I can't imagine why One year after the declared end of major combat and Iraq Americans have new doubts about the war and doubts about what the Bush administration has said about it Just 32% the lowest number ever say Iraq was the threat that required a medium military action a year ago I know why the a many team plus wasn't so great because 18 to 34 the whole station took it just died that when that was the deal That I'm sorry to stick that in there, but it's just just dawn. I mean like a little light bulb I hit up my head less than half 47% now say the U.S. did the right thing by taking note to reaction in Iraq lowest support recorded in CBS polls since the war began There are growing concerns about the long-term impact to the war now 41% think boring increased the threat of terrorism against the U.S. 71% of the administration saw say the administration policies of Worsen the U.S. image in the Arab world no Schmidt The continued intensity in the fighting in Iraq's surprise many Americans and Americans believe it also surprised the Bush administration 44% say the fighting there has been harder than the person they expected 67% say it's been harder than the administration expected Nearly half say the war in Iraq was a mistake of fighting similar to the public's assessment the Vietnam war is measured by the Gallup pool in 1968 how do you like that and that numbers increasing every minute of every day The public's assessments of the Bush administration decision making before and after the war are also negative 7 and 10 don't believe the administration claimed that the decision to war was made in March 2003 and say the Bush administration of the Saturday go to war earlier than that 70% and 61% believe the administration did not try hard enough to reach a diplomatic solution before going to war in Iraq a reversal of the public belief last year during the war For now only 31% believe the administration has the fear plan to tear over power in Iraq 32% say it has a clear plan to rebuild the country In other words one third say that you turn and the rest are on to them now That's how's promising. I'll tell you what else sounds promising too. Well, maybe what The congressional black caucus hopes to arrange a meeting soon with Ralph Nader to try to persuade him to abandon his independent run for the White House The National Press Club a big important a solid story on Neil Rogers.com We're very much concerned about Ralph Nader said representative Elijah e. Cummings of Baltimore Democrat the fact is that we're worried that they'll take votes away from our democratic candidate Senator John Kerry Coming said the New York representative Charles B. Wrangled one of 39 Democrats to make up the crops and asked him to set up a meeting with Renator Kevin Zeezy andator spokesman said the campaign did not receive the request Nader's maintain that he will not withdraws candid as he's saying that he would disappoint those voters asking for support But the good news is he has yet to qualify for any state ballot They're just all out there. Oh, Ralph, but you please run you can just hear that chorus of a person screaming out there and then turns out he's talking to himself Just cut the crat nader cut the ego trip okay there too many too many crucial things happening in the world today We can't afford we had no time for ego trips for silly old men like Ralph Nader and Ellis Ruben 26 past noon at 5 60 WMF your feet are aching maybe needs some new shoes You want to go to a great place to buy because you want to get the top quality best prices always and of course people know what they're Slip it on your feet. That's why you'll shop at brandy's use of poppin. Oh, if you're smart They've been a lot of long time at brandies. You'll find top quality names and the shoes like rock ports floor shine SAS spirit table and naturalizer lots more all the top names and men's and women shoes It was brandy's humongous election chances are you can just about picture life I know exactly the shoe you're looking for the stoss a style of a whole deal in your size is sitting on the shelf right now ready to slap on your feet Find out why most of brandy's customers don't really keep coming back with usually by several pair on each visit Brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays tend to five your final mid 12 90 North Federal Highway and Palpano Beach is always worth the trip from anywhere Is and don't forget the sweet gets the final week of brandy's S a S sale by the first pair of the regular price and get the second pair at half price How can you meet that come into the store or check them on the web at brandies shoes dot com This is John Kerry and I hope you'll join me in approving this side the mystery president. Have you ever made any mistake? Have you had enough of this and they all might it spoke to me She had your job not working for you are you a second tire of being embarrassed by a semi functional retired They banned our want to see our top sheekwood plan I have the ability to pronounce big words and can actually bring a sentence together Now the president and I may have went to the same school but I at least attended class long enough to learn something I have a silver star and three purple hearts as opposed to boys who can't spell purple and One thing further. I don't mind bearing a strong resemblance to Fred with after all Herman monster was a really nice man with genuine family values That's why I would appreciate your vote for president because This campaign and we'd like to see was paid for by citizen united for democrats to drop a pair of babies Come 31 at five 60 oh there they go just in time to Let's see mornings persons 2554 I'm looking I would What a big do there man 6.7 or 3.9 from number two number nine and I'm looking for Zeta 3 7 to a 3 5 actually went down They went down Or the month is during being out of the mix. I didn't like that. How could that be unless that sure really blows Unless people are tally hearing everybody else's material including ours we hashed over and over again Holy moly Paul and old Ron it's getting really kind of stale like last year's motsom man give it a rest Here's a fact from James says that Thomas of the dolphins is the number one redneck of owner waitment That's one and another one new number one of all time has to be baseball player Randy Johnson Well we'll put them both on air zac Thomas easier rednecky It says when defining a redneck you choose the person you can picture walking around barefoot drinking a mirror Highlife out of the can and screaming at his wife from his For his turkey pop pie while watching NASCAR on his trailer and for me Randy Johnson fits that perfect Like six eight got scraggly greasy here and is generally duty looking at his neck is actually red How do you like that he's a real redneck Stacked Thomas Randy Johnson get him on all the redneck all the time We apologize profusely don't wait for wasting all that time on it No, no it's important stuff man Now I would say is like kind of like take a breath here and that thing about the 18 to 34 minute I hope that what I don't what do they know That's the reason that they really shouldn't panic so much about the many 18 plus thing what's that tell me anything anyway But the 18 to 34 really distorts those numbers cuz we The I would be also a it's just vanished It's like 18 to 34 people just took their AM radio isn't just the Schmidt cannon Maybe this is followed my advice Huh, it's I've been talking about I maybe they listen too carefully. I don't know but we don't really you know that's not the big deal. It's a matter of fact if that's the case If that's the case and like 35 to 54 we must have gone through the roof We must have had a humongous gigantic thrombing 35 to 54 number Because 18 to 34 includes 25 to 34 your following my good We realize I'm throwing a lot of numbers out. That's the three people off the chase, you know Throw your off balance Whatever it is we'll take it 56705 60MC in the dollar signs right now looks pretty interesting. Looks fine to me. Okay, just give us the money We're fine We'll take it right right even George getting a little bonus probably Josh has got a big bonus in there too waiting for right We envelope Huh, you've got a few bucks coming God, sure demand and of course if you an Eric ever get all your Problems right now we can you know But that's another story another battle going out we've had a whole series of these first it was being your boy and Eric And there was the world an Eric you know he's just that kind of a guy, you know He's just kind of a little bit of a hard ass a big hard ass 56705 60 560 on the AT&T but he does wonderful work thanks for getting those books up there on our website Eric nice job But Josh is getting pretty porked off actually WKWA and hello Yeah, I want to speak to him. Yes, sir speaking Hey How about David Duke for the ultimate red? Oh an excellent choice how could we overlook him the Duke I wasn't I wasn't able to listen earlier how bad did I think for how did I how bad did they fall? Like just imagine you're on top of the Empire state building and You come from the top floor and you just about right to hit the bottom. That's about where they are right now Good good news All right, and well, does your thanks, Belly? Well, does your big one-o-6 man? We'll see them know where they're like Paulie and a godfather. We'll see them no more right? Right In fact, I think do we have that thing? Yeah, we got that all right Well, he wants to hear him no more Oh Oh man a Clemens a he was one of my favorite. I like always like those big fat guys I can relate to my cannon right Fred cannon William Conrad done deloiz Clemens a dumb bill of ease and of course don't forget our I and I hear the only one I know it's with the guys neighbors Richie Karen. Yeah, the actor who said that the funny tune Just for us called in on our show special and said that the funny tune. Yeah, yeah, even though he didn't say it in the movie No, it's not a lot like me, but it's close to it When he was sitting there and They were all sitting around and their eyes were starting to bulge out of their heads With a lot times surprising need to locks, maybe little cream cheese. I like luchin and cool If you haven't seen him will be fat so please if you want to have a few laughs and maybe just they're cry a little bit too Yeah, even if you're not fat It's fat well, no because most people are not fat. They like to laugh at us fat people so go ahead Have a good laugh in my spin Somebody QAM hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I am How about John Walker John rocker man? They don't come much more red neckie than him Absolutely, then I'll shoot me. I got a whole bunch of stuff to play now Yeah, we can all right thanks, Bally have a great day. Thank you too Bye bye Joel John rocker man. We can play that one. We got a whole bunch how many John rocker bits we got Yeah, including the one we start sounded like the queen and Prince Charles there you go Absolutely 56050560 pound 560 on the AT and C and Verizon wireless line. I got one for you Yeah Glenn Campbell. Oh, yeah, he's pretty red neckie any And proud of it. Glenn Campbell down And yeah, he's he's an host to compare to that what? What is the number that drug picture it is? Yeah, well, he was on biography channel the other night But the only problem is that it was it was done the show was done before we had that little incident Before in that episode and they talked about how he's been dry for a at least a three or four days, you know all the other crap 5605050 on the AT and C and Verizon wireless line we're looking for the most definitive red neck in his good human race George W. Bush 148 the ultimate red neck Toby Keith 44 Bobby Bowden 41 it runs in a family Jeff Foxworthy 25 Steve Spirit 24 Terry Bowden still a 21 come on now Billy Bob Thornton 19 Richard petty 18 Dave earned hard junior 16 Daniel Carter Carver 16 Billy Carter 16 Carter and Carver What he said he's gonna do if he ever catches or he's gonna cover Terry Bradshaw 15 Ted Nugent 15 Charlie Daniels 14 Jesse Helms 13 Billy Ray Cyrus 12 Cold stone Steve Austin's got 11 10 for Aquarium's junior and John Ascrock John daily nine have another one John Come on There a wall trip six Jeremy Chucky four Jerry Glennville four Charlie pride got four Dolly part and three Timic Bay three Jimmy Carter two Bill of Frist to Jimmy Johnson just got a small pair Strom a thermon to any river to chrome alone to and it's downhill from there Wayne Lopper junior the I have the he cheat the Handshoot the NRA he ain't got it. I Said he has a chat show oh 567. Oh 560 on 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah his first the guest would chuckest him and the first thing out of his mouth was Yeah, that's what he saw the Michael Moore movie again. I Wonder if he actually ever saw them will be in somewhat a jackass. They met on him and that movie as your hopes So a picture of it. I sure hope it makes his Alzheimer's progress many many years ahead. Oh, stop picking it up poor old man. Yeah Some old man would have done after dangerous thing man silly old man with a gun In fact, he probably ought to be on him. But nobody to vote from because nobody really perceives him as a redneck because he ain't like a Southern kind of redneck Hey guns aren't for just redneck, you know I forgot for all right, wait 20 till one at five 60 WQAM Mother's Day is right around a corner if you're looking for a gift for mom to show her how you really care and how creative and tough What you can be send her a Vermont teddy bear made just for her specific like the mama's boy bear with a heart shaped mom Tattoo or the new mom for present bear out of bad idea A friendly bear counselors ready to take your call at 1 880 29 beer and help you take a rare just for your mom My program other they've got over a hundred bears each handcrafted in Vermont and guaranteed for life Delivered with free gourmet candy and a gift card too and dad It's your job to get a gift from the kids and the mother and come set his perfect choose any number of cubs and personalize each with a name sending a Vermont teddy bear is the creative the smart alternative to sending flowers and she'll keep on hanging on this forever and the bear too Call 1 880 29 beer or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com Tell that ancient neo-tourity to call something really smart this year something she'll appreciate call 1 800 829 V.E.A.R Was just for this week's episode were recorded in Mexico March I'm home. I want to survey So I mean beer But there is no more beer in the refrigerator So stupid with refrigerator I can not buy don't ever come and park. Why can't you be more nice like your sister is He's a fabulous couple. Does that mean that you finally have a pony? He's a honey We can afford a pony Cabaret little donkey You know a border Small mobility child Don't you know a little donkey is called a boy doll Hmm Naturally when all the Simpson voices will be outsourced to India Neither who is being that man and sector see or that is being how much it's that is being A Look at this here's a facts from Edinburgh Springs who says CMQ has an old well-life funny guy named Guillermo Alparez Guitis See who's on from noon to two with a massive good jokes old and new music that's captivated old and young listeners You remember Guillermo by his multiple LPs of jokes of which I collected most tough competitor for your show with that slots as end-croll springs Okay, how many English-speaking people like in you think are in which I don't think it is you know how many English-speaking people do you think are listening to CMQ How many people do you think know who Guillermo Alvarez Guitis is? I do you do yeah, he's big Josh and who that is yeah No, skip No wonder Eric's got a real problem with your ass 567 now back in the amite elaborate on that but I better not 567 05 16 pound 566 something about tough that would be bad George W. Bush 151 Tobik Heath 45 there ain't no contest it's the redneck and chief, maybe that's what we got We had Jimmy Carter who was rednecky we had Lyndon Johnson he was real rednecky also got us into a real bad war One other rednecky prisons we were Harry Truman wasn't rednecky was a farmer from Kansas Right real plain spoken farmer give him hell Harry down home I haven't missed kind of a guy. Hey, miss W. I am hello You're hard W to Q. I am hello Yes, sir, but that's your Little strong Strong thermon is on air palies still dead in his honor. Just relax, okay and quit shouting so much Man, what's this thanks here for Michelle FYI on Daniel Carver? He was one of our oh he is one of Howard's during's regulars especially is being the in the KKK I think he's a grand dragger or something like that. Uh, you're called to keep morn My, huh, do you call to keep luck oh Well, I'm I don't know what that means. I mean what do I care put him on air people want to vote for him. It's a free country, okay? A redneck in the KKK. I don't believe it He's infiltrating. He's a spy Right 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless how long before we get Boba Booion there? I'm probably be next hour is he redneck to he? Will be W to Q a him hello Yes, sir Okay It's the underwater collar right love those my favorite oh right best W to Q and they won't be the online one of your into your Q a him hello I mean are we just told you yes, sir. How are you? I have a pair for you full about a women elephant or a Roy Clark Oh, two for your fine ones Thank you and thank you so much whenever great day. Will they Nelson and Roy Clark all him country people man All bunch of rednecky knows picking I bet you will he Nelson hasn't paid the least many many years And more Clark now we're Clarks good old boy Right, yeah, he's a good old boy. He ain't never stole a free train good sense of humor good a pojani cash on there because he's dead You can't fight back, but Huh, he don't qualify I mean we're gonna put every country in western sing around sure Marty Robbins just because he's dead That means we can't put him on our end they pull position. What's wrong with you? Marty Robbins I love that song. I'll be wrecked. It's a wine sport. Oh, and a pink carnage It's all dressed up for the dance Probably the square dance. If you're open into gay square dance, we'll play that anymore. No, no, I ain't a party Not even we can play like a little bit Huh That I tell you I interviewed him once Marty Robbins on tape We had these canned interviews What I was a DJ and we had to edit our own voices into the interview. Yeah, I interviewed him after he was dead Got a lot of calls that day Marty Robbins Oh, be dead Okay, he was round the long that's what he said. Okay, we play that bit That's enough We can play that we just did play that kind of great big zipper that's as far as we're going and that's as far as you're going Except maybe that door that leads to the exit if you don't call the crowd right now There believes our blockers, but they're at the heart of power. This is just enough to make you gag US Christian fundamentalist are driving Bush's Middle East policy to understand what's happening in the Middle East You must first understand what's happening in Texas Speak in a red next To understand what's happening there. You should read the resolutions pasted the states Republican Party conventions last month Take a look for example off the decisions made in Harris County, which covers much of Houston The delegates began by nodding through a few uncontroversial matters homosexualities Contrary to the truths are deemed by God any mechanism to process license record register Model the ownership of gun should be repealed in Comtax and Heronstax capital gain sex and corporation tax to be abolished Immigrants to be deterred by electric fences thus fortify they turned to the real issue The affairs of a small state 7,000 miles away it was then a corno a participant at the screaming in your fist fights began I don't know what the original motion said but apparently was watered down significantly as bizarrely shouting match The motion they adopted stayed to that Israel has an undivided claim to Jerusalem and the West Bank That Arab state should be pressured to absorb refugees from Palestine and that Israel should do whatever it wishes and seeking to eliminate terrorism Good to see that the extremists didn't prevail then Well, why should all of this be such pressing interest to the people of the state which has seldom celebrated for its fascination with foreign affairs The explanation is slowly becoming familiar to us, but we still have some difficulty in taking it seriously says the UK guardian George Mondeod Mondeo whatever his name is some frog In the United States several million people has succumbed to an extraordinary delusion In the 19th century two immigrant preachers cobbled together a series of unrelated passages from the Bible to create what appears to be a consistent narrative Jesus will return to work when certain preconditions have been met the first of these was the establishment of the state of Israel The next involves Israel's occupation of the rest of its biblical lands most of the Middle East and the rebuilding of the third temple on the site now occupied by the Dom of the Rock and Al-Axamausks the leagions of the anti-Christ will then be deployed against Israel and there were will lead to a final showdown in the Valley of Armageddon The Jews will lead their burn or convert to Christianity and the Messiah will return to earth What makes the story so appealing to Christian fundamentalists is that before the big battle begins all Trubolevers i.e. those who believe what they believe will be lifted out of their clothes and walked it up to heaven during an event called a rapture Not only did the word to get to sit at the right hand of God but they'll be able to watch from the best seats They're political and religious opponents being devoured by boils Sores, locusts and frogs during the seven years of tribulation which follow The Trubolevers and Al-Sikine to bring all of this about this means staggering confrontations at the old temple site in 2003 US Christians were deported to try to blow up the mosque there Spotswings US settlements in the occupied territories demanding ever more US support for Israel and seeking to promote a final battle with a Muslim world Access of evil united nations European Union France or whoever believes in the anti-Christ turn out to be The believers are convinced that they'll soon be rewarded for their efforts the anti-Christ is apparently walking among us in the guys of Kofi andan Havir Solana yasser era federal more possibly Sylvia Berlusconi the Walmart corporation is also a candidate in my view of very good one because it wants to radio tag its stock there By exposing humankind to the mark of the beast By clicking on rapture ready dot com you can discover how close you might be to flying out of your pajamas The infant else among us should take note that the rapture index currently stands at 144 just one point below the critical threshold Beyond which the sky will be filled with floating nudists Beast government wild weather and Israel are all trading at the maximum five points The EU is debating its constitution. There was a free hurricane in the South Atlantic Hamasus warmed to avenge the killing of all its leaders, but the second coming is currently being delayed by an unfortunate decline in drug abuse among teenagers and a week showing by the anti-Christ both of which were only two We can laugh at these people who should not dismiss them that their beliefs are bonkers Does not mean that they're marginal? American posters believe that 15 to 8-paint-tain percent of US voters belong to churches or movements which subscribe to these teachings A survey in 1999 suggested that this figure included 33 percent of Republicans The best on contemporary books in the US are the 12 items of the left behind series which provided what is usually described as a fictionalized account of the rapture this apparently distinguished it from the other one with plenty of dripping details about what will happen to the rest of us The people who believe all this don't believe it just for a little for them. It's a matter of life eternal and death And among them are some of the most powerful men in America John asked property attorney general is a true believer So our several prominent senators in the how and the the house majority leader Tom D'Ale Mr. D'Ale who's also the co-author of the marvelfully named delay do little amendment Post-pone in campaign financing reforms traveled a wizard last year to tell a contestet that there's no middle ground no matter a position worth taking So here we have a major political constituency Representing much of the current president's core vote in the most powerful nation on earth Which is actively seeking to provoke a new world war? It's membership the invasion of a rack is a warm-up act as revelation maintains that four angels which are bound in the great river your fraties We'll be released to slave the third part of men They battered down the doors of the White House as soon as it supports her as your waivers when bush asked Ariel Shirona pull his tanks out of gin in 2002 he received a hundred thousand angry emails from Christian fundamentalist and never mention them at her again The electoral or the electoral calculation crazy is it appears works like this Government standard fall on domestic issues for 85% of the West Electro the Middle East is a foreign issue And therefore a secondary interest when they enter the polling booth for 15% of the electric the Middle East is not just a domestic matter. It's a personal one If the president fails to start a conflagration there is core voters don't get to sit at the right hand of God Bush another word stands to lose fewer votes by encouraging Israeli aggression that he stands to lose by restrating it He would be mad to listen these people he would also be mad not to Well I do like that of course I do all that run the road arm again baby. We got that road method our hand right now Let's take a detour before it's too frequently Oh Wow, how much is like pull off of the side of the road and kind of let things cool off a while sounds good Oh Okay, I When I'm up and bucket take a slap in all the women with painted lips around the pool I listen to the new Rogers one to two You know what happened to that He's a big and that's no Kabir This is a big orders Everybody hates an I think rockers mental, his brain is a rental. Maybe he took it from Manson. He should keep his trap shut or he may give his throat cut. He'll be around as long as Manson. Hey now, he's a redneck, he's a great chick. Say, go, hey now, he's a big round. Live it down south and go, swing, shake, fidgetly free. It should be committed by this week. The two moon. One o'clock at five, 60, WQM. We've got the man dog coming at two at three, 30, Marlon's on deck, Marlon's at the Giants. Four or five is game time. Perk in, outline at seven, you got the big eight to ten. We'll punish as an advanced, any K tend to two. This is kind of cute this thing you just passed me. Yeah, it's cute. It was in the box. I just showed it. Kind of sort of. It says the cur180 alert that nearest Kennedy Airport that an individual later discovered a public school teacher was arrested and tried to board a flight-wilding possession of a ruler, a protractor, a set square, a slide-roll and a calculator. At the morning press conference of him, turning General John Ascarov says he believes the man is the member of the notorious Al Gibra movement. He's being charged by the FBI with caring weapons of math instruction. Al Gibra is a firm cult Ascarov said that his average solution by means of extreens is strange, they sometimes go off on tangent search of an absolute value, they use secret code names like X and Y, and refer to themselves as unknowns, but we've determined they belong to a common denominator of the axis of medieval with coordinates in every country. As the Greek philosopher, I, I, I, sawsilys used to say, I sawsilys, as in triangle, once the last time you said that word, I test the clease. There are three sides to every triangle, in that cute. Yeah. Good old, I sawsilys. When I asked to come in on the rest president, Bush said, if God had wanted us to have better weapons of math instruction, he would have given us more fingers than toes. Excellent, not bad. But that's either about a seven and a half on the scale of eight, and they'll make you the protagonist that he read it. Oh, speaking of that thing, I just read moments ago, which ought to give people pause, so to speak. Senate president, this is in Tallahassee, Florida Senate president and Jim King apologized to Jewish legislators yesterday. After an Orlando minister invoked the name of Jesus Christ in the Senate's opening prayer. Dr. Clayton Clawer, senior pastor of the first Baptist Church of Central Florida, gave a lengthy invocation giving thanks for God the legislature, the nation's military and a freedom for people to believe in Jesus Christ. Yushki. Clawer, I guess, to Senator Daniel Webster, we're public in a winter garden concluded by invoking the name of Jesus. Moments later are frustrated King took the Senate podium and said that ministers who lead the Senate and daily prayer are supposed to live right, non-denominational blessing. He then reached after the Senate's six Jewish members, to those of you who are offended or feel heard I apologize King said, he said he would underscore the rules because other such slances had occurred in previous days. Clawer could not be reached for comment. When Webster was house speaker seven years ago, an opening day prayer by the late Reverend Bill Brideville Orlando found of campus crusade for Christ, through Chris's mastery broke house tradition with several references to Jesus Christ. After Christ Webster said he had no plans to censor prayer. Now he's seeing a different tune. I didn't like that. I don't see this one. This is one of the things that I just cannot stand about. It's like the people that put all those things out in the front of their house. He is original of the Southern Crab. If you want to believe in great, keep it yourself. Okay, leave me alone. Let's go. Your religion is a weapon. Don't beat me over to head with your fairy tales. Okay. Over your fairy tales. I'm very important for you, I'm good. Yeah, I know. Let's screw it. They're doing your favor. Just relax and take it. Oh, and speaking of WCMQFM. Well, I'm sure excited that we have that big midday show to go against now. It's no wonder. I didn't know that to it's on there. Yeah. So you believe that? You believe those numbers. You believe that they have a nine and nine hour and fifty minutes like the list of ship every week. It's like just midday. It's all over the place. Yeah. Well, especially mornings in midday. And like they got a wire diaries all over the place. It's like they did O'Ditto. They're like the rush factor again. Let's begin the factor. Let's just take a look and see how he did. See if this is the book that they the O'Riley factor is ever going to show up. What time is he on? Is he on the same time as Rush Emily? I don't know. I'm looking here middays. I see party radio ain't going anywhere. They're flat. Flat is a pancake, Disney. I'd rather you all more drop to point in midday and men. Our efforts like I said, they're making a move. Baby, one five to two seven. Look out for them. Radio romansia, drop in Zeta, drop in big time. What am I looking for? We don't even know the callators. But I'll find it. WNMA, that's Mr. Ego station for my point nine out of a point six. Let's see what kind of a number he had in the morning, then 25.54. Okay, maybe Mr. Ego threw a number in there. What do you think? Let's see. Yeah, he went from zero to a point nine. Who? Nice one, Steve. Right now, what's your number? Huh? No, not a whole nooky curie. I was supposed to set all now. Let's see, WMBM, AMM, that's Haitian melodies point three. I didn't drop it all, because isn't it FPL? What is he on? What's the frequency? We don't even know that. He don't exist. P-A-T with their classical music is got zero. Men 2554, they've got the big one. Zero, Zippity doodon. Nice move over there, guys. Beauty. A zero. Why know what it is? Is it WGNA, AM is that it? No, little Riley Beach. I'm the no. Not Palm Beach? Because that's saying from one a point one to a zero in midday, then 2554. J. And all the stations that are around here that nobody has listened to. This is amazing. Just think of all the juice we could save. Shutting somebody's babies off of there. Good, golly Miss Molly. WWE F-E-A-M radio a fay. A radio a fay had a point two. This is just a bunch of garbage on man. How many estacionies? Including that CMQ FM. We got to do something about them. Anyway, getting back to that, his Spanish word twice is likely to be victims of consumer fraud is non-Hispanic whites. If federal trade commissions top products were worn this week, what a surprise. That's how some of them academic bracelets and how's Walker Ricardo doing. And for times, his Spanish have tended to assume that no one was watching and no one was doing anything. So how are Bills? Ha ha ha ha. No. Howard Who? The guy's name, B-E-A-L-E-S. Howard Bills the director of the F-T-C's Bureau of Consumer Protection were trying to change that assumption. Recent frauds he said include miraculous weight loss products, two good to be true business opportunities, dietary supplements that cure AIDS and other incredible deals offered by Spanish language magazines, TV channels and newspapers. Of 2000s we pull a more than 2000 US consumers by the F-T-C Spanish language media monitoring project determined that Spanish speakers were likely to be duped. Manual Machado President of the Association of Hispanic advertising agencies based in Coral Gable said as the Association was aware of the problem and that it makes sure its members refrain from using these effective practices. Bills said that the F-T-C had levied seven complaints in recent months against these septive Spanish language ads for product such as weight loss pills and non-existent working home opportunities. One such federal court complaint was filed against American Dream Enterprises. The Miami Company offers a weight loss dietary supplement called fat-saltzer, which when added to water produces bubbles. Ooh, you ever have fat-saltzer? Let's give some to F-Ritch. A gukitzo. The F-RVs and acting in mind with fat-saltzers and greatness is supposedly the Department of Weight loss without consumers having exercise. The F-T-C complaint which is pennies as American Dreams claim is scientifically unfisible. You just got a bubble away your fat. They like that? Yeah. Another company, Latin Hut. Of San Diego, California, advertised the weight loss, patch, and a fat-absorber dietary supplement, falsely claiming equally magical results according to the F-T-C as part of a settlement of federal court ordered Latin Hut to pay 149 grand and fines a month ago to Latin Hut customers. Well, thank God that Hispanics are the only ones that fall for fat-way out for weight loss for a ride. Right. Like we story. California-based UNICEB or technology incabortized a complete computer system for three payments of 199 bucks instead of blivering the computer at the time of the first payment, UNICEB or San keyboards and parts that are useless without the computer itself says the F-T-C to get the computer, buyers had a send in more money and those who did so say the F-T-C ended up with computers that didn't work. And of course, by the way, they got to that time they probably hit the border. Probably in Tijuana. Donna and Perfecto Rodriguez, a Richmond Virginia, Perfecto. So they ended up paying UNICEB more than 700 bucks for what turned out to be a 13-inch monitor. The computer they finally received several months later lacked its motherboard. Remember that? The dianiser that never was speaking a how ordeal, we hit the motherboard. We were frustrated because the computer was supposed to be a present for the children said Donna Rodriguez, a state home of the rest six, or stuck with the distance how much Donna held you. Man. Last week, a California federal court froze UNICEB as business assets in order to the company to stop making misleading statements to consumers, the cases ongoing. The publicized its concerns the F-T-C is launching a multimedia Hispanic law enforcement outreach initiative offering warnings in Espanol against consumer fraud and advice to state local police and prosecutors how to pursue case. So don't be buying a magnetic bracelet, okay? And don't be sending a money to walk in Maccaro. He's a weekend anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. And don't forget about our old good friend there. Go Griffin. Oh yeah. And this Cleo, man. Hey, she's got her saints. Which of these people best fits a description of the ultimate redneck? George W. Bush can't touch him, man. Nobody's close. 161. Toby Key 48 Bobby Bowden 47 Jack Fox, were they 26? Steve Spreys 25 Terry Bowden 22. He should be right up there, man. Terry Bradshaw 21 Billy Bob Thornton 21 Daniel Carver 19. He's the only redneck in the clan. Richard Petty 19 Jesse Helm 16 Billy Carter 16. They learn her junior 16. Stone Cold Steve Austin 15 Ted Nuget 15 Charlie Daniels 14 Billy Ray Cyrus 13 John Ascroft 13 Hank Williams Junior 11. Hank Oldberg Junior hadn't hit it yet. John daily 9. 7 for a strum termin. There a wall from 6 Charlie Pride $4 for Jerry Glennville for it. Can we put what's his name on there? What's his name from a crossfire. That be cannon? No, not Peppy Cannon. They are denogred. The ball head of one Robert Nova. No, but James James Carmel Robert Nova. I thought you just said James Carvel. I just did. I read his number. I must have zoomed by it so fast that even though when I was saying I just said James Carvel I saw that movie. Gaslight you're not fooling me. I just said James Carvel didn't you? No, he just said Bob Nova. James Carvel's gotten on. I said you're a glandville. You better get yourville straight now, Mr. Or you will be a V of you'll be in big trouble. Okay, that's horn you said it. Yeah, I want me to get it. Did say, but he's sure's not laying on here. Can you find it? Are you looking for it? I'm looking for it. You look for it, Josh. Take a peek for it. Getting it on there. Oh, James Carvel and Speller Wright V.I.L.L.E. Not the Carvel with the ice cream guy. Tom Carvel. He's dead by the way. Yeah, I know that. The guy from McDonald's is dead. Dave Thomas is dead and the Carvel ice cream guy died. Don't think it's because they got too old. Although Tom Carvel I think was pretty old, wasn't he? Yeah, 40. He was old when I started watching those spots. Five. He looked like Colonel Sanders when he came right down. Did he look a little like a little like Mustache to hold you? Cooky, please. Come on, make some real ice cream. Would you please the Carvel make something real? I said some taste. Instead of that bland that soft serve. No. Man. There ain't nothing worse than soft serve. Especially on your carpet. W.Q.A.M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing? I got one for today's poll. A major contender that was left off yesterday. Okay, go ready. Okay, today's poll, Ted, cause then ski. Yep. Live in a shack. And yesterday's poll. I live in a sugar shack. Would you make whatever his name was? Who did sugar shack? I don't know, but yesterday's poll. Can't believe we forgot him. Oh, yeah, Reggie. Why would he? This is Campbell Soup. Hey. I'm speaking to that. Can you play that bit? Sure. They've got the ball and tent. Oh, we got the ball and tent, cause then ski, right? Right. Two bits. And we got this. Campbell Soup will play for two bits. One, thirteen, five, sixty, WQM. Think about this for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations means beating the competition on every dimension even the fifth one. That's what Dowham Aquas has been doing in South Florida for over 12 years. When you call 1-800 mattress, you get better prices, better delivery times, better customer service, better everything. Dowham Aquas won the 2004 Better Business Bureau Local Torch Award for Excellence because they work harder than anybody else during your business before during an after the sale two. When you call 1-800 mattress and speak with them, what are their expert bedding consultants who can rest assured you're getting the best possible mattress going anywhere. Choose to make complete line of ceiling, serve the Simmons King Coil tempered peatik, Stearns Vananna's Foster. And 1-800 mattress, you'll discover that there's never an extra charge for same day delivery either. Dowham Aquas takes Sunday orders all day long from Candlestor from Palm Beach to Ford Myers. And don't forget when you call 1-800 mattress, you pick the date and to our delivery window you want that mattress delivered and they actually show up. There might be probably a delivery record on time deliveries, 99.7% of the time. I'm one of their Zidians satisfied Dowham Aquas customers and you will be too. So do the smart thing when your mattress is headed, just make that one easy phone call, 1-800 mattress, or log on to Macros.com. Dowham Aquas at 1-800-MATTR-ESD easiest possible way to get you a great night's sleep for years to come. And log on! This is for 25-60! You're way too way ahead! Got! Reggie White, for Stample Soup. Hmm, they ain't nothing like our hot bowl of soup! You know, we take me back to a time when Mom and Dad don't need all whole neighborhoods. Well, I can't do maids! We ain't need like that no more. With all the new famous rum, Gamble Soup. Like Chickaboo Soup with cookie rat balls and bottom-elean pit. And my favorite Cremo Boulet. How flicked with T-Golfo-Poop to make it juicy. Oh, and I own them is in lunch and Sambo's no more. Call Stample Soup be good. Hmm, good. Hmm, good. Hmm, good, good. That was Cambo Soup. Hmm, good, good. But the good. I heard some great areas in there. You know, some garrias. I was on the phone, so I didn't hear any. Oh, haha. Ah, then they're gonna come. Oh, not like it. Then they're gonna come when Muff comes in there and starts a bitching you ran a son. And you're the one that's gonna take the fall. Not John, I certainly not mean. I mean, I'm sitting here like deliberate on that. You're like the final arbiter of bad taste. Okay. Go in for a lot of it. I'll say, who gave Tommy the quail would judge right side of the facts. Nobody's not cheering. Yeah, he sounds like he's not doggy. He's not. He's right. A butcher up real good. I like, uh, huh? I think he had to stretch that spot out. They'll even three words three to get a slow it down. Oh, he's slow to wait down. What we say is, have you just recently gained a thousand pounds? At Tommy's really a bunch of not man. Wait till you're this. The Bush administration is bracing itself for the latest memoir by former insider Joe Wilson, former ambassador. Well, this week revealed the name of the government official who outed his wife, revealing her identity as the CIA operative in a pair of renter as role in proving the White House made false claims about a rat suffrage to develop nuclear weapons or that nuclear. Furt together. Um, it was, uh, you know, the commissioners will speak for themselves. Oh, yeah. But what is increasingly becoming the hamma during Mr. Bush's presidency, Mr. Wilson will not make his claims on television at a press conference, or even in a newspaper column, but between the covers of a must read book, his memoir, the politics of truth inside the lies that led the war and betrayed my wife's CIA identity is being published tomorrow. I just can't handle no more books. I just went out and bought to Moria three Morias, and I can't deal with it. I'll know what I'm getting for you for your birthday this year. What's that? And we'll big bookcase. Tomorrow's going to be a busy day for Mr. Wilson, the former ambassador to the Civil African countries. And I remember President Clinton's National Security Council for all the initial school pull-up here in his book. If president is any guy, the revelation will quickly be devoured by all other media, and Mr. Bush will likely be filling the airways and broadcasts that day. This is dependent, of course, on the scoop, not being leaked in advance of publication, Mr. Wilson knows the score on this, and yesterday he declined to spill the beans. No, I can't do that, he said he did however reveal that the movie project of the book was not so far advanced that actors have been selected. I will say that if this becomes a movie I'm happy with that he had, this is a story people should be told. And amen to that. They should be told. 5605060, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. If you missed the ratings earlier in the show, we did just fine on QM from 10AM to 7PM. Moreings were very, very weak. We don't know yet if it's Mo and Joe are both Mo Joe. And even things that was a Panther hockey just killed us. A zero point A that, oh, I mean, when you get less than a solid number on this radio station, you have to be putting some real real crap on a year, right? Right. Greg says, good job. Oh, thanks, Greg. Yeah, we couldn't have done that. We couldn't have done that. And congrats. Yeah, couldn't have done it without any reason right now. Yeah. So it was the billboards. We're discussing where the ratings party is going to be. Yeah, I love that one. It says listen. And that kind of peaceful, peaceful promotion man. If we just had that six years ago, we'd have 20, 30 sure by now. Absolutely. Just take care of that CMQFM. Okay, we got to get to take care of that deal. Just like the power. Let's just do something subtle like knock their tower down, something like that. That's a pilot crap. Okay, what's the guy named Guillermo Schwartz? What does his name is? Yes. Is it right? And well, what if he's only on from noon to two? What does that explain the rest of the day? Huh? Maybe they didn't. They just think he's on all day. They want? Maybe the people are just wiring the diaries is what I'm trying to say. Oh, yeah. Oh. Which seems to be a very, very favorite kind of thing to do in certain communities. I don't want to say which ones you're on. I mean, I could have. Like W.R.H.C. Rest in peace. They used to be a daytime station in back to my days at W.S. News years ago. What they used to do was take the, when they would get the diaries, they would take it and fill it out. W.R.H.C. And all across the time, even at night, did oh, did oh, did oh, did oh, did oh. The only problem is they were daytime, or they used to go off in sundown. That's how much they liked it. So they would sign off the air like in 530 in the winter time, but at 6 o'clock at night, 8 o'clock at night, 10 o'clock at night when there was no signal there, they were still writing down W.R.H.C. To help with the now, whatever it had to be, we're writing. Oh, man. It's just, it's, well, you know, we're doing the best we can. I think out of these circumstances, we're doing them out as good as we can. Mind your mental. Now, a great isn't salirizing. No, not. Ah, then, because you shouldn't, now you should have reminded me. You should have got a pledge from him that because this is so close, that regardless of how the final number comes between CMQF and us, that we could guarantee the number one bonus. Oh, we'll get it. But we'll get it. No chance. Chants. Here's what it says. I don't know if you talked about this, but the beeslies and John Ross, GM of KLSX, 97, 014, or Myers, are enlisting their own brand of censorship as of today during the Howard Show, in the middle of Jenny McCarthy talking and how we're doing what he does. They imposed a commercial in the middle of the conversation, coming back when they felt it was okay. When they felt it was okay, they did later. And interview with an armless legless wrestler who was a great kid. And we're talking about how he does certain things with no legs or arms. Pretty tame stuff as he talks. They drop in a promo. The reason this bob is me is obvious, but the hypocrites run spots about stopping censorship and to call integrity how they feel about the stern show and with this, your bosses are on the warpath. Keep up the great shows. Hey, just kiss the radio that you got a model over there. Okay, if you enjoy his show. Oh, he's got some nerve facts and also over in this post. Okay, what is the song of the answer about there's just a big lady got any of it if you like this sperm show, okay? And let me say again, big one was six to okay, precipitous plop. Man. They just are falling off the face of the globe and nobody could be happy with this. But I'll say it again. In fact, I want to take a look at the homepage. Okay. Because I think maybe subliminally we're doing a reverse. We're promoting maybe they think we're promoting those stations. I don't know. But that nice job, Eric. He is the best. You got him off of there already, didn't he? I think. I think. I do believe this thing takes forever to download. And he got those logos off of there already. There's a whole kind of woman box. Just like magic. He just wiped him clean. And if you're listening to any clear channel station, that's what you ought to do. He's got some sherman and wipe your radio clean, okay? Because that radio right now is full of something we can't say. You do not be doing that. That would be my own deal. See, of course, I would never listen to other stations anyway. But I listen to IOD. No, Fox. No, sports. No. What else they got? Mizzadeum? No. God forbid. What else? Man in black? No. For me. What am I leaving out? I don't know. I forgot the, well, you know what they are. Then they got that country thing and we've listened to anyway. And of course, big. Not so big no more. They're going to have to change the name of that station. Well, the whole format's going to have to be changed. Small 106. Let's see. You mentioned Francisco Arroca earlier at an offer some info to see as two daily shows. What an in place and other an espionuel. The English Showers Monday through Friday on Waxi 790 from 890 am he buys the earth time. On Monday plays a left when show called Alternative Radio, which features speakers like Nome Tromsky Howard's Initator. It sounds great. The Spanish Showers Monday through Friday 1450 am from 930 at Olsen in this one. Says Hector. You also been to know that the website progress so weekly, which features Max Castro is Arroca's brain child. I would say just based on reading his thoughts, he's probably the best in the market. Francisco Arroca is the best way to show on him. What time is he on? I don't know. It says check out the BS detector which rips the hero to new ass every day. Oh, says a new polarity. Sorry. Hector says PS if you want to hear a hostile crowd, you should hear his shows when he talks about Cuba. He really pisses off the green toes to the point that advertisers won't touch his show, except his own travel agency, which hooks to Cuba. That's what I'm on. This is my new hero. I'm right. How do you like that? Yeah. I think that bitch may have had a point. He's excellent. We have a couple times. And where he dropped most articulate, he pulls no punches. He's well researched. Mm-hmm. I'm a good guy. And probably like Max Castro, probably he'll be disappearing one of these days pretty soon. So, we don't put up with that kind of crap for a long and south photo. All the old green toes get really bent out of shape and it come out, shaking her hands and fist into magnetic bracelets. They might have a longer Mercado put a name curse on him. I bet the local Mises Vipsy Seas. Three years old yours. Oh, you ain't. Oh, come and listen to my story about a man named Kid. A Harvard graduate here in Borses in his head. And then one day he was feeling kind of weird. He moved to Montana. And grew himself a beard. Crazy that is. He's a little careful path. Strange eyes. Well, the first thing he know, ten feet against a beard, can fold sed tess. That's a unit of bomber dude. Said California's where the trials gonna be. So they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully. Exhibit a jury pose. We're smells. His lawyer says that tess the crazy est. If you don't believe in jess, read his man of fess. Tess says he did it, cos he hates technology. And that's why he mailed all those people tinting. Mail call. Letter bomb. Duck and cover. Well, now it's time to sing about it. Ten is defense. And he would like to thank you folks who've been the expense. You're all invited back again at this locality. To fight a person's vision of his own biography. Soon to be a movie, H.V.O. Jerry Springer. Y'all, to need now you hear? Y'all tune in. There we go. One thirty two at five sixty. W.M. All of our right next all the time. Man, we got them. We got red and I accept the old. Yeah. W.M. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I got two questions for you. Okay. First of all, let me give you two export buck coaches. Long Phillips. And Jerry Granville. Jerry Granville's on her. He's not doing too many. He's got four five. How about one first? Just Thomas on the bum. Okay. And I got a question for you. George. Yes. When Jesus walked on water, did you walk or did the moon walk? He did the moon walk. Oh, thank you, Neil. You're welcome. No problem. Bless you, my child. He did the moon walk and that's why he and Michael are going to be joined together. Very soon. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. Yeah. Michael's going to be saying that a lot. Once he's on the inside, don't you think? No question. I think he's going to be saying Jesus Christ. A lot. I think a lot of people. But I don't think so. I think he's in last two long. I think he'd be like a father, uh, Gagon. Once he's on the, what would you laugh at that? Because it was so funny. You're going to have to put him in a solitaryer. Contusion. Five six seven. Five sixteen pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I thought it was Moses that the Naji's just did water walk on water. But Moses, the one at the, he like a part of the sea. He part of it, right? Yeah. And then, more part of his hair. What's the muskware kind of call out? Tell him to QAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. In Lippon, through Moscow, I had a chance to run into a flea daily. And I don't know if he qualified in the redneck category. But boy, he sure came across as one moon in Proctin, though. Well, let's get him on. And then, those are no more best ones. Oh, no, he's not my role. Did you just John Locke on there? Yeah. Okay, because he's the one that definitely looks you grew with his name. And that's what comes up right on the picture. Redneck. Okay, thanks, Paul. Have a great day. We put him on there very late to try to give us some others a handy crap. Now he ain't going to kill his El Presidente, John Rocker. But I have a feeling. There he is. He's already got seven. He's only been on there like about two seconds, right? He moves fast. He's making a big move because he's a big guy. In fact, he's probably headed for December right now. This is always, there's no queers or Haitians or any of these things on the subway. Eight infected Haitians. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WCWM, hello. Yes, like a port of Neil, please. Speaking. Oh, Neil, hey, I got the greatest one for you. Nobody, I don't think the way he's mentioned it. The biggest redneck of all. Yes. Jim Foxworthy. Nobody's mentioned yet, Foxworthy? The one that says you're redneck? Yeah. Well, that's what I was talking about. I mean, he's probably- How could he have 28 votes if nobody mentioned them that? Oh. Jeff Foxworthy's got 28 votes. See, again, I realize we have people coming and going all the other crap, which we can't permit anymore. We can't afford any downtime. Okay. No, seriously, now that we got to hear more shorts on there on CMQ FM from noon to noon too. You know, we could handle, duh, I was his name, Rush. Right. We handled him okay in his last, and felt pretty handling. Hold away. Right. But I got to tell dirty jokes and Spanish we can't compete. But I got to tell Zalcans of crap and Espanol man how to compete with that in South Florida, huh? You're nobody speaking, Lace No Mo. I-I said I want to know, Guillermo, you better watch your ass because once we start playing him, Celia Cruz record, Ben. They will fear us, okay? We just been holding back. We've been giving like a little handy crap. I had started to kind of catch up. I'm Celia Cruz and I am dead now. Well, once we start with that crap, then you're finished. Fini Tobanito, you know what I mean? Guillermo shorts. I mean, what kind of garbage is this? This is simulation baloney man. The biggest lie. And of course, the hero, that's another one of their lies. We ripped them and asked yesterday, well deserved. That's another, fully baloney bunch of crap they've been pruning years and years and years as well. The assimilation process, right? If they keep reading your piece of crap, we're at which they don't, but if they did, it would never happen. And probably won't. I think what we need to do, once we take care of the election here, we get a real present and they're in a final way to get us out of this mess. I think the next, in fact, I'd have been a hell of a lot happier if they wanted to invade somebody. Invade Cuba. Sure. They're cause get that bearded bastard out of there. They could do it like over a weekend, okay? Over one week. And then we'll see who's going where, okay? Then we'll see all the big talk. Yeah, yeah, that's not all that crap. I remember so vividly back to, you know, I'll be alien days. Somebody darkest nastiest ugly as days in South Florida. I remember all those young people getting sucked into that madness to the, and this to the algorithm whipped up into what's he by their elders, who convinced that this was some kind of an ethnic thing, as opposed to just another child custody case, which it was. Oh no, he was the symbol, Portland, alienito, and it's happy me, Olania. Who's the baby Jesus? Where he was the baby Jesus? Well, everybody knows. And then, of course, when he got dragged into the closet, then they released our get nervous. You know, because when you start looking into the closet and the Cuban family, well, God willing, those who might be hiding in there. So, everybody, come to the QAM, hello. What do we know, Fisherman? What is it, sir? New York, New York, New York, New York. Who's your man, hello? New God. He's speaking. Hey, when is two years of old youth, Mr. Jorge? Let's go. Great. Got one question here. Although I don't know what's going to be, mind, your bush. Does it have to be a male on the list? No, we got some of ladies on here. A few ladies. If you can call him that, how about Miss Panya Harding? Well, somebody mentioned that, but I got a hit and run out. It's kind of like her, so. Oh. Is she really a redneck? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I can't hear her, but she can't hear her speaking. I'm just going to get you to choose to play that. I hate that bitch. What? Okay, you got a man. Take them up. And you know, you were reading that other article? Yes. About the rapture. Right. Let me say something about floating nudity people. Isn't that a hall over beach? That's the place. Now, they said the rapture, not the rupture man. Get away. That's a great day. He must have been there. Yeah, they had a rupture on Hall over beach. Oh, you they? Yeah, then no guys are standing around in the bushes with the binoculars. Those are my favorite. Yeah. In fact, when you got your binoculars there, when you're standing under the tree, you see a lot of them. John Ashton writes, make no mistake. We are 1930s Nazi Germany. This is on our website. Do I dare read this? Could you? It's too long. How about when I come back? All right, break. Where you going? Out of the take a leak. I mean take a pee. What? We can still say leak. Did you see leak on that list? I don't think so. Okay. In fact, last time I checked leak was a vegetable. Is it not? That's right. Leak is like an onion. I do believe it. And then what they hear, the breaches that a lot of leaks. I thought it was a kind of potato. Is it a potato? No idea, really. No idea. No idea. No, no. In fact, I've seen leak soup. Yeah, I think I've eaten leak soup. Potato leak? Now back in the day you write. It's a potato thing. Back in the day we could have probably examine that little more deeply. But don't think right now. It'd be a good time. 21 till 2 at 560 QM Mad Dog at 2. Marlins baseball. Pregame at 330. We're supposed to be a spicy dish. You a jam. An ounce in the show you've been waiting for. America. It's Tanya hiding. Ice Cafe. Use a lintical, neverless category. A little bit. Yes, skating to the classics. Oh, nice split jump there. Your concert take off. Into a double lap. Oh, she's down. She's an agony. Now it's Brian Matano. Attempting a triple-sauce. Oh, he's where we got her. A perfectly executed triple-shoot in the<|ja|> by Tanya Harding. See the precision team of Tanya Harding. Jeff Gullily and her fat guy bodyguard Whitebout's eight or after skater. Oh, no. Chris the Amigo. It's fun, Boba Hall family. Especially if you're the Corioni or Gadi family. Order your tickets for Tanya Harding's ice cafe. He said, we'll cross accepted. You're not saying there are a bunch of Red Neki trainer crush, right? Uh, yeah. There. There. 144 16. Go to it five. 16. Anyway, John Ashden and the moderate independent rights. Senator Christopher J.D. I never cried a Connecticut. No, the differences he had with Neckropani. The diplomat was ambassador to Honduras in the 1980s. Those differences stem largely from a lack of candor about what the US wasn't wasn't doing in Central America and the conflict of that time, Dodd said. And although I intend to support and strongly support this nomination, when it comes to a vote of this committee and later on the Senate floor, I want to make one point especially clear. That same issue candor in my view is going to be critical with respect to continued support for US policies in Iraq. Dodd told DeGropani that if the administration's policies are not working, it'll be your duty the American people to say so. And it's say so very clearly without any hesitation so that we can make course correction before it's too late. That quote from Fox News. John Ashden writes this is a real moment of danger for America. The Bush-Limbabwe Republicans are the 1930 Nazis period. And these units that make up the Democratic Party, these bad advice will come up with any excuse to allow these Nazis to continue doing what they're doing, means that America will go the way of Nazi Germany. I mean, look at who this Neckropani is and what his record is, and then let's click on it and then look at Dodd's words. Dodd knew all about this when it was occurring the horrible human rights abuses that occurred on EGropani's watch and which Neckropani covered up for. Dodd knows that who that's who Neckropani is and what he is done and he made an issue of what when Neckropani was nominated for Ambassador to the U.N. just three years ago. And as he says, plainly, he knows it is exactly the same issue candor which is going to be critical for the post Neckropani is being assigned to the Ambassador to Iraq. Dodd knows Neckropani lied, I.e. the issue of candor last-time nation-givement's trust, over saw illegal operations, covered up horrible butchers human rights abuses and he knows President pushes now nominating him as our ambassador to Iraq, putting them exactly the position to cover a horrible abuses once again, in fact it seems the only reason President Bush would have taken Neckropani away from his UN post to put him there. But Dodd won't hold them accountable. All we can say this man who has shown his horrible nature, I'll let you get away with all of that, oh and by the way, don't do it this time, please. As always, when the Democrats initially stood up for the nomination of Neckropani as UN ambassador, the Bush-Limboi is rather than cave in far back twice as hard, and the response is always the worst Democrats cave in. Here Dodd knows what he's faced with with a situation similar to the one in the 19e's and Honduras, Dodd knows Neckropani's record, but utterly won't he oppose the nomination as anyone who cares about America or human rights would, but he will strongly support it. Again in his words, I intend to support and strongly support his nomination. It wasn't up for him to even support this horrible man who he stood up against before, but is a too gutless coward, now he wants to make sure he says he will strongly support him. Make no mistake, America's in a lot of trouble. A lot. The Bush-Limboi and even if defeated the selection won't go away, and will continue to fester and fester into a parallel version of imperial terrorists, all of the Nazis Napoleon or the other countless other examples of this occurring throughout history. That is this will happen to us, you stand up. We can't come to leadership of the future because certainly the mortality-free Republicans know the ball-free Democrats will. It is up to the moderate independence to boldly strongly stand up now to fence of our nation, not by stupid useless protesting, nor by stupid violence, but by getting involved. The SU and the political process is candidates. Is there anyone with both balls and a conscience living in America who's willing to put down the remote control and stand up in defense of their nation? What a good column from the moderate independence of John Ashton. Inspiring and embarrassing. About this, a slimebag, a nigger pony. What do you call it? Slimebag. Oh. You heard what I said? You've probably been down in the keys. Has it had a key slime pie? Yeah, it's good. 560560, pound 560 on a 1810 Verizon marvelous line. Think it's red that come on. I'm sure glad we got a couple of these on or right toward the SM of the show. So they can get through just desserts, but by tomorrow morning. In fact, let's see if anybody in the bottom of the list. I'll look about the whole bunch of people don't have any. Matthew McConey. I miss Jimmy Buffett. Jimmy Buffett don't have any votes? I think so. I've heard a lot of people with scares that hell out of me. Sam Elliott, Zack Thomas, Chris Collinsworth, Glenn Campbell, Ted Gisinski, Bump Phillips and Tony Harding don't have any. Do we put Tim McVey on air or not? Yeah. Thank goodness. I got a lower hate to see you make another mistake because they're going to be all over your ass. Come in to QAM. How you doing Neil? Pretty good, pal. How about Charleston, have some sense? And Sunny Buck. Same thing. That's just good. Yeah, okay. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. In fact, we never did get a hold of Sunny to be cut that promo that he's got there. You know the moment where he says hi, this is Sunny Fox. I was the meal Rogers. Could I could hear the worth? Yeah, not any more you can. Not no more you can, sorry. Sorry, I guess he probably didn't listen to no more. Look. A abusive Iraqi prisoner is probed. A few weeks ago, the US Army announced that 17 soldiers in Iraq had been removed from duty and six of them were facing court martial for mistreating Iraqi prisoners that Abu Ghad graiib the infamous prison where Saddam Hussein and his henchmen tortured and executed the rakeys for decades. 60 minutes, two is obtained photographs of what was happening in Abu Ghaiib. The photo show American soldiers mistreating Iraqi prisoners in his Wednesday morning briefing Jim, a regular general mark, Kimets said the photos may be showing in Danir rather's report on 60 minutes, two. That was last night. Did you see it? I didn't. Nice going CBS. Did it scrubbing the photographs by the Army landed in investigation, which concluded that there were problems at the prison from the general and charge of the prison to the military police guard in the prisoners. And investigation into abuse claims started in January after US soldier came forward with allegations and evidence of abuse, Kim and Nenifu conducted by Saddam Hussein, a satellite from Baghdad told Dan Rather, were appalled. These are our fellow soldiers. These are the people who work with every day. They represent us. They were the same uniform as us. And they let their fellow soldiers down. We expect our soldiers to be treated well by the adversary by the enemy. If we can't hold ourselves up as an example of how to treat people with dignity, we expect. We can't ask that our other nation to do the same door. Just mention that in passing. As part of the insanity that we've forced it. Of course, remember, they're all in terrorist days used to be over there. Or that's right there. They're now african. They were in bed together. Also, no matter if you have any reason to have caused for alarm, the FBI has alerted law enforcement agencies nationwide to the danger that terrorists could be using stolen passports to move freely across borders and into the US away. A recent classified FBI bulletin warns that stolen French passports. Our particular concern because France is one of 27 countries who citizens do not need visas to enter the US for visits to nine days or less. French citizens need only show their ill-passed port though to gain entry of the US airport. Thousands of French passports in Oduvins stolen past year. On July 22 of last year, two gunmen hijacked a vending machine from the US and stole 5,000 by passports. Almost too much later on September 10, 100 more blind passports were stolen from a courier service nearly on. And too months ago, in two more robberies in France, these stole 93 hundred passports in burned event apparently destroy the evidence. I think we got a solution for that. Let's just stop letting people from France come in. What are you saying? Okay. I have a winner to me. 5 by Froggy and just as a bonus we've been the swap most entities by Panback. And now it's your charge. 1.51.9 minutes till 2 of the mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock. Marlins on deck man. We might actually get some numbers for the Marlins this year. There's some interest. There's Marlin fever. They're winning like almost every day. They're on fire. There are 10 fences go today. 330 pregame show. Marlins at the Giants 405. Spring into savings right now and save like never before on the new car or truck from arm strong Toyota of homestead. There are on US 1 20 minutes south of the 836 and it's worth it to go there because they're going to save you so much cash literally thousands of unbeatable deals. Great new Toyota. Check out the great leestials waiting for you right now. An 04 camera your 400 just 269 a month before 48 months. How about an 04 highlander just 309 a month. Need a truck? How about an 04 Toyota 10 where the safest truck in America you've paid just 170 9 bucks a month for 48 months. These are just some of the great deals waiting for right now at arm strong. So experience the arm strong Toyota homes to different for yourself. They're locally owned and operated are committed to 100% quest for satisfaction too. Their service department is even open late to late. We're not to make sure they get all you worked on for you. It's easy to find them. They're right in the corner of US 1 and 293 street in the homestead just 20 minutes south of the 836 and wait to near this deal. Arm strong Toyota homes to the offer. You free tires, batteries and replacement parts for the life of your vehicle. Let's correct. Tires, batteries and free parts for life. Nobody else nowhere does that. So forget about the big mega dealers and car giants who give you that big song that it is and let's you down. Call of GM at arm strong Toyota home. Stead David Rich, call him right now at 305. 24232 47 for an unbeatable deal. It is absolutely un- Bailey. 305 24232 47. Travel little and save a ton. I'm that great new Toyota at arm strong Toyota home. Stead. I'm that cool. This is sports waiting in 560. You way am. Got my bike a sewer. And a bad disc position. You're a big and race sales. One hate and you miss. Now it's down to the buyers. Because your pitch is horrendous. Well I hate it. Laptop. But this movement's still penned. Well John Rocker and take up soccer. Pack up all your theory clean. I should look and now. Well John Rocker. What a shot. Use the body to should be a nuclear. And then we can take your balls. Take them all over town. Is such a lie to the crowd. Everybody knows. John Rocker is going down downtown. I want to date at 560 WCWM. See the other one is psychiatry one. That's kind of cute, but I couldn't play it. Yeah. How much new? When I said something about baloney. Yeah. I knew like baloney. I was like baloney. I was like baloney. Yeah. I knew like baloney. I mean it's not great, but a little bit of baloney's okay once in a while. Okay, fry it. Spread it. Fryed baloney never had it. Oh yeah. Good stuff. Fryed baloney? Are you sure? Yeah, nothing cheese on it. It's good. Ooh, that sounds really good. And maybe some cheese whiz. Thought cheese. Wait to these people. Best bits in the ultimate redneck. That's our poll today. Lot of response. Lots of rednecks and so little time. 116 vote. I'll present that to George W184. Nobody's even within shouting this. Okay. George W184. Bobby Bowden's got 60. Toby Keith 55. Jeff Potsworth the 29. Why don't we put him on there? Yeah. Terry. Well that's what they've been doing all day. They do it every day now. I want you to put so much to one here. We've been talking about it all day. Terry Grandchard 26. Steve Spurius 25. Terry Bowden still a 24. He should have 500. There's something different. It's definitely wrong with your judgment. Richard Petty. All them NASCAR people 23. Billy Bob Thornton 22. Daniel Carver 22. Jesse Homes 21. Dale R. Hard Jr 19. Stone Cold Steve Austin 19. Billy Carter's got 16. Tenujin 16 Charlie Daniel's 15. John Aschraught 14. Billy Ray Cyrus 14. John Aschraught 14. John Daley 9. David Duke is got 6. James Carville 6. Your Walter P. Six. And it's Jeremy Schrocky 5. And it's small potatoes after that. We got the potatoes coming up. I want to have a tough assignment today. Oh right. Mad Dog 2330. And we got that pregame show. Marlins at the Giants. Cut like a rematch. You last year's in LCS. NCL. Whatever it was. At 330 this afternoon. Bye bye. Thank you. Welcome to the show. On the last season. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play. We're going to play.