You go back to Canada, you too, bastard. OK. And no, a word from Howard Deez wife. Hi, tell her, and Dr. Judas Steinberg, quite a presidential candidate Howard Deez. You can call me Judy, not Judge Judy. That's the different reskites. People want to know why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make proud for this and I look like a shane opponent. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much Yiddish. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of mischievous. For those of you who don't have to compete with Yiddish, that means crap. How is a good guy, though he's what you might call a loose cannon? He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time when the red kids left a cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. The vent machova. I spent 23 years with this shagots. Most of the time he's a mench, but on occasion I hate him. I think my husband, Howard, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I run a watch section in the city. I get a shut down to campaign headquarters, or to the croggers, to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color, so I know Jackie Kennedy. Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazagazon, that's your dish for Dr. Judistain Lank over and out. P4 by the committee to elect John Kerry President. Ted, I'm not sure if I have 60 WQM happy Monday to you. That is a beautiful thing. She's not, but that was. I love that. For my wife, I might play that 100 times today. Anyway, on Friday we asked it, well, let me just rip my dog a little bit. Love the mad dog. Great guy. Everybody loves him, but sometimes he's full of crap. Like all of us, sometimes you got to get out of your system. And he was ripping me a little bit, not by name, but he said, you know, ripping Daniel a bastard's column that I was praising and reading on Friday morning. And Daniel a bastard for once in his life. He had his thumb right on it. When he was talking about what our front, our front running 40 towns, south Florida, is it about the whole Marlon thing? And there is Joe this morning talking about pictures and catches, and grab, well, they got something to talk about because the dolphin season is long over. But nevertheless, nobody cares. In fact, I came up with a great idea. Business we can go into. Okay. It's called the, I had a good name for it. Rent a, the front running rental store. All right. Where you can rent like whatever team gets hot. Hopefully you sound Florida team with Anna Siserley. And you go rent a uniform cap and a jersey and a whole outfit. And you rent it for like, you know, whatever time until it's no longer, you know, politically correct. And any return is for a full refund. Like like running a movie like hurricane plywood. Right. No, no, no, no, but you don't keep this. You just rent it. Well, they don't keep it either. They take the plywood back. She had to help them to plywood back. All these people get out. Remember, every time there's a hurricane scare, there's like the next day, there's the big line of the people bringing the tin and the plywood back. Because the day after the world series, I thought it was a joke, but it's true. There were people trying to take their Marlon jerseys and caps back for refund. Yeah. Rent rent a fur running outfit. I think it's a great idea. And mad dog, the line that he had, they're just almost, I was driving home. Almost drove off the road. He said, well, there's lots of choices. Lots of choices. See, that's the point. It is a choice. And you choose either to support something or not. That's what make a place with all that many people either, you know, Major League or Bush League. And it's a Bush League place. I mean, they'll let Fony Fur running crap during the parade, and everybody's on the bandwagon. That really proves. I'm not saying that South Florida's alone. There are a lot of places like that, but that proves beyond a shadow about how Bush League a place is. Anyway, your fuller crap mad dog. It's a fur running Fony place. It's a Bush League town, even a Humper will say to that. Who's an answer to, hang please? Here's yes, the our friend is Pohl. Who's your all-time favorite South Florida TV personality, news entertainment, whatever. Let's start at the bottom. 1824 vote. Carmel Caffirrow, remember I thought that was a good addition? Yeah. No votes. Virginia Booker, I have no idea who that is. Bob Halman, Sports Guy, none. And Carrie Millerick, Millerick, I don't know who that is. I don't know. None. Millerick. One for Jane Chastain. Cluramosure one. Terry Merrimon one. She probably can do a Jim Merrimon Junior. Katrina Daniel had a pair, and they fell right off. Jim Brasmer had two Todd Tongots got a pair. He killed a Umbre's got two Bob Mayor three, Manola Raya's three, Mark Lugd D'R3, Del Frank's three, Richard Woodcomb's three, Rad Burkey's three, Wayne Ferris's three, Angela Raya's three, jump and jack old Brian's three, jump and jack flashed in heaven. He'll not so bright head four, all she has excited about that eating ass piece that whites repeating tonight. Who isn't? Cambrell Martian, Wayne Ferroine versus I. He got three to first time he got four more. Nice ball of Wayne. He's got the four Cambrell Martian, Lori Hibbert four Wayne Chandler four, Edo Del four. Bill Camal, the weather furry on channel 7, she had five. Hey Bill, put it down. Took the blues down. Juntie James five, Woodward Shepherd five, Penny Daniel six. Walt Cronis six, remember the bow ties? Nope. You don't? He used to be the weatherguine channel 10 for a long time. Sorry. How come nobody said the dead weather guy from channel four used to be there? He used to be the booth announcer Dick Fennelse. I was murdered at the moment. No. Michael Putney six. He's got his head way up. Katherine Harris's ass. We're pretty pissed off of you Mike. Bange you ability seven. I don't know who that is. Nope. You don't need it? Nope. Big fat Dave Gaines seven. Did he die? I don't think so. No. Nancy O. Del seven. I'll tell you who else didn't die. And it's Carl Moldon. I was telling you before the show. He was on a. By accident, I saw the golden globes about an hour for last night. For one reason, I always turn those things right off. Yeah. And I just couldn't turn it off. I don't know what it was. I hate a word show. I hate the whole country. I've been sitting around sucking each other's ass. But there was something about it. It was mildly interesting. And Michael Douglas who was a little bit inebriated. But not nearly as much as Susan's her man. Wow. She was plastered. You go girl. But Michael Douglas went up and made a whole big thing about the Carl Moldon. It was kind of one of those things like, I know you get ready to crow Carl. But I really want to thank you for all you taught me about acting in your Inversitool or freight train. And Carl was sitting there with dark glasses on. He had like two big holes in his head. Which is never a good sign. Only his nose died. You're saying that. No, I think it moved up his forehead. Nancy O'Dell had seven. I have no idea who she is. Glenn Rinker eight. Don Cox had eight. Susan candy. Audiate. Elsa and shiny. Still waving those hamhots at you. Nine. Little Dickie winners. Nine. Everybody like little Dickie. Sloppy. Paloppy and Chuck Doble ten. Tony cigarette. 11. Charlie backster 15. Connie Chinkhead 16. Brian Larkross. 17. So he kills the other weather for his by-o-mightament. Is done. No. No. Don. Sorry Brian. You lose. Bob Sopper beat him up. Two 18. It's good because Bob's a good guy. Panjiganti. Who's only on on Sabato. Panj Sabato Ginté had twenty Dave Dixon twenty. Don Francisco 20. You had an old ties in. Don Hamburg 20. He got my vote. John was great. A real professional news guy. And real bush league town. Cinema Stoper 22. What does Don. Twenty four. This whole time. Twenty five. Now what's that all about? Throw a jack. Not wrong with Jack. Horkheimer 25. A reage in arrow 29. See I told you and you made the fun of me on that. Even though she's been in Buffalo for a long time. I love the lover in a real. Sally fits 32. Sally fits. Big Wilson 44. David Bloom 44. Dwight Lauderdale 49. But they used to like him a lot better with a mustache before he started. Hop it on Anzass. Kelly Craig 50. And spread that gigantic girth. We love you Kelly. Please. Who's an ounce? Please. When the big nips Corona 53 Rick Sanchez 53. Same person. And Bishop 61. Ralph Redneck 62. Bob we were 63. Nice to see that Bob. To Zelfer named his. Did I tell you she was good? You said that. Well she looked good. And she was a nice person. I met her one time. Not exciting. No. In all impressed. Now I can't drop too many big names. Need. Just Elfernanda 75. How about Donny Osman and Dion. Okay. That's pretty big names. Who else do I know? A Skipper Chuck Sanchez 34. And Jackie Johnson 169. Now you think they did that just to piss me off. I don't really care. I don't know. You know, she's a donkey face and a donkey plus. But what do I care? I'll get back. They like Jackie's Johnson. Okay. They think she's really hot stuff. She ain't no Charlie's. They're all. But who knows. No. You should have seen that thing. She had on last night. I'm watching. Like like. What do you care away? Yeah. I started and they like were tearing away all different places and was just about falling off her boobies. She's just pristine. She's a little girl from South Africa. That's what she said. Yeah. My two favorite people from what I saw the Golden Globes last night with Charlie's their own and Jude Law. Who's a great actor and who looks kind of interested. That wrong with dude. He's about to be tall but he's kind of an interesting guy. And Elper Chino made a total ass out of himself. I just. Why didn't he just go away? You know? Like Dick Cheney. Now they're dragging Dick out again. And they ought to like store him away in a vault somewhere because all they're going to do by Dragon his ass out is remind everybody about all the bad things he was connected with like Haliburton. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're going to be our god. My husband will look this. Got it in that room where you're sitting right now. I just warned you at the time. Here's our first poll today. We got a pair for it. Now this story bothers me a lot. And I don't know if you saw the footage on Thursday on the news. We talked about it. How about the relatives of the Seymour Shuss and say, all we just an accident. Yuck and down this old man at the movie theater right. Just an accident we feel real bad about it. Of course the old guys did. What that was the old man's name? Irving Rosenberg. Boy! Irish? Irish Catholic. Allegally blind grandfather charged with fatally punching a 74-year-old retiree outside a tamaract discount movie theater, simply was defending himself at his cancer survivor wife when he leveled the blow as attorneys told the jurors on a Friday. Well crap. And it may not have even been 69-year-old Seymour Shuss's punch that killed the old man, said defense attorney Jane Mindtrow, but the opening day of Shuss's Manslaughter trial. How's that sound? Better. Good. Mindtrow. I'm getting a real dark green stuff now. I love that. That's always my favorite part of a cold one. Chaps on a way out and you get in the real real dark green from way down inside your... Brack-o-m-powls. Where's that come from? Lung's. Does it really? Yes. Ooh, look at that one. Purple. Again. Line-throwed to Brack-o-m-powls are a corchoreed, and medical experts will testify that Irving Rosenberg may have suffered a stroke or seizure, though herm- or 8th outside the tamaract cinema 5, causing him to lapse into a common die 16 days later. Prosecutor said though the evidence is clear, the only person who you defending that night was Rosenberg, who died from massive head injuries, suffered when Shuss's punch caused him to collapse on the sidewalk. This is so... It's how Florida meant. Right. Parts of a place is... Spots in line. Now, it's just good face up to 15 years in prison. It's convicted of the single charge. Both sides agreed the lives of Shuss and Rosenberg both in the United States intersected when Rosenberg gave a theater cashier, too little money for the tickets for himself as wife and three other couples. The tickets were three bucks a piece, but he only gave them a movie theater employee 18 bucks instead of 24. Oh, now this is... Start to make sense. Hmm? This wife was behind Rosenberg in line. Oh, they made a comment about how much money he needed. The next few seconds are what's in dispute what Shuss's fate will likely hinge on. Wine traps had Rosenberg returned to Iván Shuss and yelled, shut up! And loom just inches away from her face. Rosenberg terrified the woman who was out for one of the first time since breast cancer surgery Iván Shuss said. Seymour goes running over and the evidence will be that he went to protect his wife, Iván Shuss said. The evidence will be that there was no thought process other than to protect his wife. When Shuss went to help his wife, two strangers grabbed him, but because of his poor eyesight, he had no idea what they were trying to do during that struggle, Shuss got clipped into mouth. He then wrestled away from the men and when he did, that's when Rosenberg got smacked. Ready for that? Ready for that? So here's our first poll today. What should happen to see more Shuss? The 69 year old Broward man who fatally punched the 74 year old man in Tamarack. Look at all these choices. Yeah, six. They're dead. Death penalty. Which he won't get, but I'm thinking. Long jail sentence. Take away a sweet and low. Nothing it was an accident. Make it look the rest of his life with Neil's mother. Make him look the rest of his life with George's mother or make him look the rest of his life with both mothers. Boy. That didn't teach him. That's what I voted. 1014 at 560 WQA, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points. So get yourself that new unbeatable low interest rate of just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 loan your payments are only 334 month. A 200,000 loan your payments are only 60,000. And don't forget, once you be finance, you're going to new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again. So call him today. 1-800-940-LAND. Which is self-the-new low rate mortgage you deserve and then move on to your next property without further cost response. You pay zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. Get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group. For the tales, call 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-LAND and never ever pay closing costs again. Financial group, 1-800-940-L-E-N-D, the R&E Quilhowsing Lender, restrictions apply rates of data change monthly for .21 APR. 2-3-0-5-6-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1- Oh, what was that about taking over my planet? We made discovered resources on the moon and Mars. I wasn't back then by earlier. If I could like my own father's neck or flat of the moon, or at least your aim is. I wonder what Starfleet Command will say about that. What a star! So speaking of Mars, first of all, all that footage that you're seeing. I'm seeing it. Yes. It's all from New Mexico. Right. Number two, the euros say that they found water on Mars. Now what's that going to do to all the religious crab? Nothing. What do you mean by that? Because we know that the earth is only 6000 years old. And the fossil's Satan put the water there. Right. And now we know that the universe is billions and billions and billions of years old. How does that giant? Does that giant with the giant and a Bible? No. I believe in this man. Now that they found Europe's Mars orbiters confirmed the presence of frozen water under red planet surface for the first time. The European Space Agency be sat on Friday. We've been tracking it on the South Pole. And there we have detected water probably for the first time agency scientist. John Pierre Gribbring told a news conference. A mission controlled in Darmstadt. If Mars once had surface water, it had the potential to support life. Although Alan Morehouse, the project manager of spacecraft operations cautioned its totally in draw conclusions. You look at the picture, you look at the fingerprint and say this is water is he said it's the first time. It's been detected on the ground. It's the first or back confirmation. There's life on Mars. Or there once was. Just like it used to be in South Florida. To all the illegal aliens at old Jews came in. Speaking of old Jews, I read that buddy, Nevin's piece in the Sun's center. Of course, he's anxious to begin with. Then it's probably a lot of right wing propaganda. But the fact is this, he says 44% of the Jews in Florida voted for Jeb Bush for Reverend Bush for Governor this last time. Are you ready for that? No, no, no. Oh, here's another good choice for the poll. I like this one. Yeah. John and Columbia South Carolina. Let's add this on here. Come on, Eric. Let's get with it. Make him live with Mo. I can't think of a worse punishment than that. Some people might want to change that vote. Now this is a disgusting story. This is so typical of a kind of crap that happens in South Florida where people blow each other away over a parking spot and it's usually old farts. And we old people miserable nasty rotten sons of bitches. What should happen to see more shuss? The 69 year old man who fathily punched the 74 year old man in Tamark. It is alleged 41 votes. 14, make him live the life with rest of his life with both mothers. Mine and Yamama. Hold me in. Long jail sentence 12. Death penalty six. Take away a sweet low five. Nothing. It was an accident too. Right. Making live the rest of his life with Neil's mother. Two and making live the rest of his life with your mother. No, I'm thinking of talking about Yamama enough. Oh, I can see people. Sure. Have you? Oh yeah. Not enough though. So let's add that on there. Make him live with Mo. That'll get some votes. I just do it. Come in to Q. Good morning. Say Neil. Yes, sir. I was sub-born for calm light over the weekend. Right. And it asked that question about why our American soul violent versus other cultures. And what's interesting was my theory on it, which I'm sure a lot of the people have talked about. It's just that there's an ignorant and an uneducated population. The population doesn't travel. Doesn't go abroad. And just to breathe ignorance and hatred and fear of the unknown. And it just perpetuates itself. Because I thought it was going to be an anti-gun movie. But it really wasn't totally anti-gun in the sense of... Not only the part we're charting has been with the K-mart. Right. I'll only that part where it really has to be interesting question. I mean, if you have the same amount of guns here as an candidate for example, why are we so violent? I think that's part of the reason. But that's just my theory. And I was wondering what you're talking about. Well, I mean, it's just a lack of values. I mean, if you don't have respect for human life and if it becomes part of it, it's the Wild West we never outgrown at that Wild West mentality. You know, a student of mine, this like this president, this cowboy president we got. Same in probably. But well, I would recommend that to anybody. It's just very absolutely the best. And I really enjoy the ticket. I just saw it. Thanks a lot, Kyle. I see the thing about Michael Moore and Red, he mentioned that. Now, I've often said I'd love to see Michael Moore be the president. But if he ran for president, would he have any chance of course not? No. And you want to know why? Because he's too radical. The media would destroy him. And let me just straighten out one thing. Somebody called it on Friday. And I didn't watch that last New Hampshire debate. Somebody called it in Thursday or Friday about the comment about president Bush being a wall, etc. And I know Michael Moore has said that consistently there's nothing new in that. But somebody asked Wesley Clark about that. Right. And he refused to completely, you just had no comment on it because he was taking out the context. And again, over the weekend, all the talk and it shows all, but the talk and the zerter and Bob Novak, having an nervous breakdown, first of all Robert Novak should be in jail in the first place. That's number one for all that Valerie claims stuff. He ought to be in jail. And number two, he's a good one to talk about the ethics, okay? The fact of the matter is he was a wall bush. Yes. And now, you know, see, this is the way it works with the media now. And that is anything anybody does. If you're farted around flavor, right away, you're going to be able to smell it right on TV in a minute. Right. And then even you, you think, I mean, this Dean thing he's done. And in terms of, and I'm glad to see one thing. But all these surveys that they're taking now, you see them interviewing people in New Hampshire, where they got how many people they got in New Hampshire. Bob, turn man. That's all I got there. But, and I got all the new, eight million new polls that are all over the place. And I'll carry a still ahead. But they believe carry is electable. And Dean is not electable. And that's what bothers me. Is that Dean is not electable? Capit? Capit? Well, that's it. I mean, this year, anybody with a brain, including those 44% of Floridian Jews voted for Jewish, you know, people ought to be ashamed of yourselves. But that'll us wrong with you, man. Are you out of your mind or what? Yeah. Yeah, they are. Oh, well, that's a good excuse. Reverend Bush, with his, everything is Christianized this and Christianized that pretty soon. Instead of they, you're going to have a big cross when you come from way cross Georgia. There'll be another big cross. Big cross Florida. Just a bunch of right wing for Bishop of Goham is Dean's wife would say, I love that bit. I got to have it all over again. She's fabulous. I never thought to play any bit that had more Yiddish than I used. Martian Miami says, if you ever drove in Miami, you know what a pain in the ass. Those old people are, your man deserved it. Let, let the attacker go as a matter of fact, reward him. Says Martian Miami. Well, that's something to think about. I don't know if Irving was a driver or not, but I guess he won't be no more. Right? No good corner. 1026 is 560 WKOM. Let me tell you about fat. Or you saw that McDonald's thing that documentary filmmaker, what's the name of it? Super size me? No. Morgan Spurlock. Haven't seen that? No. He ate McDonald's for a month. Exclusively. And he gained 25 pounds. And he didn't eat like all the same thing. He ate breakfast and he ate the different things on a menu. Salas. He gained 25 pounds in a month. Yeah. You didn't see that. That is shocker. I mean, no, it is not a shocker, but that's one of the reasons there's so many fact-dispot folks out there. Why not try balance for life? It's easy. You don't have to worry about Atkinsor's scatkins or south Florida Dine. What does it call a south beach diet? By the way, that's a scam. You can go by the book if you want to just rip off Atkins. But here's the answer for you balance for life. Because they provide all the food. They do all the figuring for you. They count the carbs. They count the glycine and value of those carbs. And they make sure that you can lose weight with the delicious way and a little black sack. That's right. They bring it a little black sack every morning. By six o'clock, they deliver it right to your door at your work, at your home, wherever you want to deliver it to. And even Dr. Atkins is changing his tune. You heard him sing lightly? No. See what I mean? So anyway, here's the deal. Katrina, the lovely Katrina. Qm is lost. 17 pounds. She is the best. And she's doing great. Looking great. Her clothes are just hanging off her body. You get the twos between two choices for each meal. And you fill out the menu once. So we can ask you only choice you have to make. There's no shopping, no figuring at all the food. It's fresh. It's delicious. And you can watch that weight on the scale. This poor off your fat ass. So if you're sick and tired of trying all the others. You just can't stay on him. Do it the easy way. Because balance for life does the figuring for you. And they prepare all that great delicious food. Call him today and lose that weight once and for all. Call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. That's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine. We're getting more and more on your website balance for life dot com. This is for you. You a young younger viewers see span now offers a brand new reality show skydiving with our Dean joint Howard Dean. He jets across the United States jumping out over some of his favorite states. California. Texas. You're a. I'm going to go to the court. Or Michigan. I'm going to watch it. You see the take back the way. It coming soon to Washington DC. Charonimo is skydiving with Howard Dean preparing this week on see span. I'm not going to miss that. 10 thirty two at five sixty w q a m. Here's the second poll we're going to be doing because obviously they don't care that much about old man. Shuss. But I do. I'm disgusted by that crap. By the instability. That's one of the reasons that for such a nasty miserable hateful place. Most of the people I meet and I discuss that where they say you are. I don't think it's debatable even though we'll come on a tour clock and we're being for Santa. But it's not only a bush league place, but it's mean spirited hateful. I don't know why I said that every day because it's true. Huh? Uncivil. Yeah. It's right on. Nasty. Just like that story I told you about Walmart and I apologize to myself or having a go there and get that turl and thing although I think it's appropriate. And I didn't even tell you about my theater experience this weekend. Yes. Which was one. They take a birthday party of ten year old boys to the theater. I don't need to elaborate. Do I? And what? And there were maniacs and halfway through the movie I turned around and said one of them hey, S head shut the F up. Really? Yeah. And it's like somebody slammed him back in the seat and they were quiet for it. Good thing. Good thing. That's her dad. All right. I'm brainwt 10 year olds. Watch me. Some of them probably kick your ass. Most of them. Or maybe they might just teach it. Yeah, any more. I think this tea is doing me more harm than good. You think? What? What kind of is it? It's a cinnamon herb tea. Oh, can't you. It's healthy. It's poison. Is it? Yeah. I'm going to keep drinking it. You need industrial strength. Here's the second poll we're doing. What? I don't know. You're your favorite movie that you would recommend pre-1980 was it? Yes, you did. Wasn't that it? Something like that. I think because, you know, a lot of us, we wait till it comes out on DVD or we're just lazy. What was the absolute best movie at last 10 years? Oh, I think 93 to 2003. I got my book handy here on a floor somewhere. Good. Just in case. Well, we'll have to check it out. I don't want like some 1990 movie. Like what? What year was Magnolia for example, you know? Like maybe three or four years ago? It was. Well, let's put that on the right away. How about Requiem? Okay. And Glen Gary Glen Ross. Oh, okay. Well, see, I'm not ready for this year. But that's what we'll get to it. To give them a little something for their father. Church to pay three million dollars in rape. Not again. Oh, Christ. Sorry. The Roman Catholic Church knows the thing with a Marys business. And I know that not too many people want to talk about that because you don't want to like ruffle them religious feathers. It's bad for business. They'll even start break dancing in front of the Pope. Oh, they did that already? Yes. I mean, how can you possibly believe all those bubble micees that are written down by primitive ancient people when we know that the universe is billions of years old that were like, we're like, we're like little teeny tiny corner of the universe. We're like, not even ahead of a pin. Oh, no, we're the center of the universe. Right. Just like the sun revolves around the earth. And the Pope's throne is the center of the world. And the earth is, well, the Pope spends a lot of time on the throne. How come it's a success? That's why he and my mom get along well. But that's great. There's squeezing like crazy. Yeah, they were great dancing for the Pope. I sure hope you saw the footage of that. How many times have we seen that this morning already? About 30 men. The Roman Catholic Church agreed Friday to pay $3 million to a woman who was repeatedly raped as a young girl by a priest setting a state record for the amount. All right. Let's hear it. They're setting records man. Oh, right. You go boys setting a state record for the amount paid by a die. To a single victim of clergy's sexual abuse since the scandal broke two years ago in Boston. I think it's all appropriate that a broken Boston, you know, because the Boston, the whole city has been run by the Catholic Church for a very long time. That's why it's such a paradox, Boston. Very, very liberal people on the one hand and then a bunch of blue nose assholes may live the church on the other hand. Remember the Cardinal Cardinal Kushmurintahus? No. The settlement is among the first to be resolved claims against priest under the state law that law victims to sue the church for decades old childhood sexual abuse. As many as 800 such claims, most in LA were filed against the Roman Catholic Church last year, while the statute of limitations was temporarily lifted. Jennifer Chapin, 31, said she was pleased to put her behind her behind her. The case against the Roman Catholic Dicis of Oakland involving accusations of 20 year old abuse. I've run the whole gamut of emotions said the O.K. The Alps Psychiatric Nurse. It's very valid to be believed church officials also said they were satisfied with the settlement. Is that incredible or what? It's credible. Yeah. There's just go on with the details because it goes, ah, as part of her case Chapin and her attorneys made a 25 minute video which he detailed the abuse and it's effect on her life. The testimony was intercut with pictures from her childhood one showed her while in a white dress thinking graduated by her parents and some priest on her first communion. In other words, her kissing the priest on the lips. Oh, God. Why are these people going to get with it? When are you going to stop saying, is it ever going to happen? No. No. Oh, and speaking of that. I'm so glad I didn't forget about that. Thank you for fact seeing that story because it's ablumable. Saturday or no. Friday afternoon. On CNN. They went a very lengthy piece which you know how much they repeat stuff. But we probably won't see this one again. About the Europeans and what they think about America and Americans and the whole religion thing and how they're a their shock. They're a guest. Yeah. And every time Bush or any other politician mentions God or anything religious or Jesus, they have a nervous breakdown because they can't relate to it. They find it just a polling and gross. Yeah. Maybe now you understand why Europeans are like light years ahead of Americans at least between the ears anyway. Oh, no. You're just saying that. Yeah. Right. Happens to be very, very true. It happens to be absolutely correct. And even though they're those big churches and every city of more than 3000 people all over Europe, they're like, you know, they're, uh, place to visit. Yeah. And they're like, a towards the traction. They're like, they're landmarks. That's all. Almost every one of them. Like the old church in hamster name right in the middle of the day and, uh, red light district. Every single, you go to Italy. Every city with more than two people has got a big old cathedral in Belonia in Milano, you know. They don't go there. They don't go in prey because they know it's a bunch of crant. And so the piece went on. It was very, it was several minutes and I just couldn't believe that they were actually showing it on the certainly not news network. I guess they hope nobody was watching. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Tlamos, they're taking some suggestions. May I say about 11 something? 11 not 30 man. 11 30 will change the pole. Put up the other one. I. What should happen to see more shush the 69 year old Broward man who fatally punched the lead? They 70 year old 74 year old man in Tamrak, Irving or whatever his name was. Rosenberg. Long jail sentence 27, making live with Moe is catching up 23. Absolutely. By the way, Hank hates Moe more than I do. Amazing. I ran into the hump run away out of the building on Friday. You can't even, oh yeah, here's another one. Make him do 12 rounds with Tyson. Yeah, sure. Anyway, Hank just despises Moe and I can't even begin to tell you how much. So, if you're listening, which I'm sure you are, there's somebody in the building who finds you even more anxious than I do. I never thought that was possible. Make him live the rest of his life with both your mother and my mother George 21. Death penalty 13. Nothing. It was an accident 12. Right! Are these people joking or what? They must be. Take away a sweet and low 11. Make him live the rest of his life with Neal's mother too and your mama ain't got none. Like I said, but next time you run you better do the whole show on your mama. Oh man. What you have an impressed ass audience enough with what a bitch. I mean, with what a wonderful 80. 80's. He's psycho. You never see a George's mother and she'd you cruise together? Same person. Ah, mom's way lighter. I see. And unfortunately, she's still alive. Unlike serious, he's still alive. 218 to 11 at 5. 16 WDQM if you're in a really dead end crappy job. If you're underpaid, New Year's resolutions are going to just happen. Plus, January's almost over tied, you know. Kick the New Year crap. Put your plans in action. Pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 866 past train. Classes are under way already. If you're committed and dedicated, fast train can up in becoming a certified computer professional and just four amazing short months. That's right. You heard right. You can obtain a new high paying career in only four short months and get a new life in paycheck to go along with it. The demand for certified computer professionals is in an all-time high. Fast train offers you convenient day evening weekend classes. Drop placement assistance financially for people to qualify as well. So call fast train today. Got nothing lose, but they did in job. You win. Call 1. Fast train. Check them out of the web at fast train.com. Whatever you do, don't miss the train of opportunity this year. Call them toll free and change your life for good. Call 1. 866 fast train. Lime in local. We're sports radio 566. You a M. I'm here to you. Mr. Garfunko. You're a well-known soccer player. All right. One more ball. God bless you please. Mr. Garfunko. There's a happy fine that you will pay. 100 bucks. Hey, hey, hey. Now you have a criminal record in our police files. Then we have you. Can learn to help yourself. Look around you all you see. I've dilated eyes. If you're getting stoned to it in your own home. And here's the youth. Mr. Garfunko. You're smoking gun, just eat them, though. You're gone. You're gone, you're gone. God bless you please. Mr. Garfunko. You're a well-known soccer player. You're not locked away. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. 1044-560WQA. By the way, speaking of religion, Michael Mayo actually wrote a good calm today. Sun-Semely ready for that? Get out. Yeah. Are you ready for that? I'm ready for that. I'm ready for that. I'm ready for that. You go, boy. Oh, hey. That's why that thing about 44% of the Jews in Florida voted for Jim Bush for Governor this last time. Isn't enough to make me gag enough to make me throw away my halabah. Speaking of halabah, do you know that Jewelie Grimman? They were interviewing me yesterday on George Stepan, top of us in ABC. And he had his wife Hadasa on there with him. And I was wondering if his kids are named like UGA and Kinesi. Or halabah in Haman Tashin. Yeah. Not that he's so Jewish. I even hate he's just, uh, he's what most of us don't like about Orthodox Jews. I've not just. Speaking of religion again, Miramar passed through charge with stealing church donation. Oh, so can he speak? I think you just make these up. I do. Miramar Florida passed has been arrested on charges. He's still more than $50,000 in church donations. Very are young. 51 was on his way to teach Sunday school ladies arrested by a Mami-day police economic crimes detectives in a parking lot of the Westview Baptist Church. Young was also a chaplain with the Miramar police department, was accused by former church members of taking money from building fund account. Retired police lieutenant Willie Goldon, then a church administrator, contacted police in April about Young's alleged co-mingling of his personal checking account with the building funds to divert money. When church committee members raised questions about the account Young shrugged him off, Golden said his response was on the pastor, said Golden, who was later fired. Young's assistant, Mary Maycock, declined to a comment on the arrest. Miramar police have suspected Young's ill-equivalent cases. How do you like that? That's in the Gainesville Sunnola. 560, pound 560. You're going to keep me abreast into one that you're putting down on list. Because that'll be like right in these down. Does he drink it? Do you have it? A time of it? We got you. What was the absolute best? Not a whole bunch. That's why I'm trying to like, I can't clear that. We don't know. I can't stand that. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. I got a couple for you. No, this one. We'll get a list. It doesn't be like going into a restaurant, okay? It'd be like going into a fine restaurant. Like Ruth Chris and the waiter comes to take your order and you say, well, I think I'll have the steak. Well, in the lobster and I'll have, like, Mr. Chris, I'll have the light. Right. Well, the episode on top. Just take one. No. Yes. What was the absolute best movie at the last 10 years? 1993 to 2003. And it could be one from right now, since it is an arrow. And it is an arrow. It's an arrow. WQAM Hello. Here it is. Is that him? It's two on it. He's two on the court. WQAM Hello. Oh, Neo? Yes, sir? Neo. I think you didn't see Mad Doctor promised that night on the Sports Show. No, I did not. I don't want Sports Show, no. Neo, you should have seen him. He was, he was out of it. Okay. I don't know if he had too much of it. Afternoon. Yeah. He agreed over it. Before he went in. But you should have seen him. He was slurin his words. He was losing his train of thought. Oh, right. Excellent. At one point, he called Jimmy a several Jimmy sex. And then he stopped, you know? Jimmy sex alone. Yeah. I mean, it was the funny. I was actually embarrassed for him, you know? Really? I swear to God. I don't want Sports Show. I don't want Sports Show. I know what he meant. It's not a thing and I hope I wasn't a Mad. I'm telling you what he was like. I'm telling you what he was like. I'm telling you what he was like. I'm telling you what you were like. I'm telling you what you're thinking I've ever seen. The guy was absolutely like over Medicaid, or he just had too much of drink in the afternoon, and he went to work anyway. I'm not sure if it's the, the dolphins I make it a playhouse or working with mow audio, this pushed him to drink so much. I think there was a lot of football yesterday, and he had nothing better to do. There you go. Okay, Palette thanks for the good news. Hey, Mark. Thank you. That was a two hour blotcha. Okay, just come down. Just relax. See, that's what you get mad up for ripping me an ass without mention to my name on Friday about that Dan LaBastard column. You're so wrong. Please, you could have done a say. Needles for the crap and people have touches people make touches. Well, that's the whole point. People make choices and have gone to baseball games and supporting the team is in one of them. Well, that's fine. I mean, I'm not saying you gotta go. But don't give me all this bull crap about we need to do stadium and everybody's on a bad wagon. We love the marons. No, you don't. You love anybody who's winning. Roberto L'Ongo right now is playing so great for the Panthers. If he wasn't in goal, it lose every single game. I'm telling you that right now. Every game. Does anybody care? No, maybe a handful of people. People. Maybe maybe just a couple of dozen people really care or appreciate it. His play is unbelievable. 40 50 saves a game. The standing on his head. You can't be they left him alone there. The last minute when I had a goalie out for Boston try to try to tie to gain there at the end the other night. And he's just basically left alone and he's I felt sorry for him. Just standing on his head pulling him out of his ass. And nobody cares. So don't think give me this song and answer about. Oh, you know, people have choices. Fine. You don't have to support baseball or hockey or anything else if you don't like you. You don't have to spend your hard earned dollars on something you don't care about. But then don't try to pedal us as song and dance. Oh, yeah, this is really a big league town. We really care. No, you don't. Just like the dolphins would have sung in a dance about, well, you know, football football. They had it like the TV station at a biop the last few tickets of the Houston game. The home opener, which they was, uh, it wouldn't be blacked out. Can you imagine it? Where's some bad news for it? So some of those 10 year olds are taller than George and a Puerto Rican. That's right. Yeah. So watch yourself. We're explaining a lot to the Queen Mary 2 is in town. You know, why don't you tell me why that's a big story? I don't know. Front page of the newspapers, the Queen Mary is back in town. He says during the 6 p.m. news on channels 4 and 7 when they say Queen Mary are they referring to Bill Kamala or Brian or crosser both. Brian Andrews actually. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. He's had it with his voice. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey these and you know decide whatever you want. Boston Globe WBZ pole. Right now, carry 38 Dean 15, Clark 14 percent Edwards 12, Julie Rubin 12, less than 1 percent for poor Dennis Cassinins with the bad hair piece now sharpen and 14 percent on decided. So that's an increase of 3 percent for carry from Thursday and Friday if you believe the Boston Globe WBZ pole got it again against Bush. Now the the nationwide CNN pole which was very exciting to see it showed carry 46 and Bush 43. In fact there's another there this we got poles up the acid if I can say that there's another pool nationwide that showed that the 52 percent now don't want Bush reelected. You ready for that? I'm right here. I've been ready for that. The 2 percent don't want to see you. Yeah and 44 percent do. How do you like the map? So it's swan in the other direction and also another thing after the say that the union speech almost every president's pole is a purple ratings go up into polls. Do you know how this time? No, they went down. They went down. See they're not buying that song in advance about well they have weapons of mass destruction programs especially now that David K and even colon cancer policies. Well I might maybe not. If I David to David K's is not only don't they have me never had them. They never had them. Yeah but how do you want them? He wanted an air base single day including a whole bunch more terrible weekend. Your kids are dying over there for nothing based on lies. Based on a bunch of lies. And the religious fanatic leaders will be there say oh yeah we don't we don't like this whole election plan it's not going to fly this way it's not going to work. And they also had a piece on CNN about how the women are being repressed now and how pissed off they fired up remember we talked about that. Yeah. The women who had equal rights in fact they probably had more equal rights with men in Iraq than they do in the US. They had fully equal rights with men not no more if there's new ruling council if the government council takes over gets their way. That's one of the first things in their agenda. And you know this I at whole Ali Baba that's pulling all the body. Yeah. I like that. The CF-40 thieves they ask the experts is it. I here you don't have 40 thieves he's got. I'm sorry go ahead. No that you know does he have the ability to to call them all to combat and write it and everything and the the experts say yes and he's holding that back if he doesn't get what he wants. I see. How do you like that? Yeah. Now here's another report. This is the CNS. I'll give you all of the you know it's like pick what you like it's like when you take your blood pressure 10 different times to get one a reading that you like. The latest CNN USA that they gallop holds shows this is very the very latest as of this moment. Carry 38% New Hampshire 25% for Howard Dean 12% for Jewelie Broman or the kind of leave that for a minute. Although see keep in mind independence can vote a new Hampshire and most of those independence wind up voting Republican in the general election 10% for Wesley Clark and only 9% for John Edwards. I don't know. I don't know where they're coming up with all that leave room number and so on and of course they're all in a frantic frenzy and these last 24 hours before the polls open tomorrow morning. So we'll see but I do like to fact that Carry. I'm going to say it again. John Dean Howard Dean said a lot of things that I love. I think he mobilized energized a lot of people. He got raised all that money on the internet. They said it even since that debacle in Iowa. He still raised almost a million dollars on the internet. That's great. But the fact of the matter is he can't win. He can't beat W. Oh well. And it's got that. He's got to be the motto of anybody to the left of Hitler this year. Is anybody but Bush ABB. Beep. Somebody. Somebody. That's right. Beep Bush. Lake Bush. I think even the Cubans are going along with that. Come on. Lake Bush. Not the ones necessarily hang in our Westland, Rillamaglory holds, but somebody else is going to get a one's might. Not the one's calling us. Fight my house certainly not. Oh, great. But five six seven. Are we on the air today or what? I thought this other poll was going to get an immediate phenomenal response and so far around not doing. Not much. That's because you told them they couldn't do a dualist. And of course now that I got this, you know, if the acid of the cold even I feel pretty good, I got most of my voice back. It would be wouldn't take too much to play the rack. You know what I mean? Or to play our assets on the rack. Or send them to Iraq. You know who's their last night? We made Macy boy. He's great. He is great. I guess that's why I couldn't turn it off. There were a lot of people in that room. I like. And then what's your name? Give the one of the awards for Best Actor? What's your old kidman? Okay. ugly dress Nicole. Yes. And Tom Cruise of course is one of the nominees. And you should have seen he's given her the look and he's given me eye and I'm taking it myself. Who are you people kiddin? Okay. Who are you kiddin? And the best part of it is he didn't win. The worst part of it is Al Pacino did win and then made that awful embarrassing. He made a fool of himself last night. I mean if mad dog made a fool of himself, we still love him. But Al Pacino he's losing a lot of points with me. Not that it makes any difference in his book. But I just what's his problem? Tuma! I think I hate to say it. I think he might be an asshole. Would that be bad my sin? I might be. They're talented assholes out there. I hear Robert De Nieros are real asshole. That's what I've heard. Yeah, I've heard that too. Yeah. 1057. But you know that doesn't make them any less great actors. It's just that we look at them. We like that. Interact diabetic is a truly delicious meal replacement drink. It just happened to be made for people living with diabetes. But anybody wants to cut down their sugar intake. It's going to win joy too because it tastes great. Doesn't have that after taste. Like somebody those other substitute drinks. Interact diabetic is sweetened with splendour which is made from sugar. So like I said, you won't have any of that crap in your posts. Recommended by doctors and dietitians for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they're in a hurry. Interact diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life. Plus fiber and antioxidants yet it's low and saturated pattern cholesterol. In other words it's good for you. Interact diabetic is also gluten free and lactose free too. An in-ounce can provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition. Try and erect diabetic once an I guarantee I'll bet your Georgia's life on it. You'll never go back to whatever you were drinking before. You can pick it up all over town now. Interacts diabetic at publics. Wall greens, Eckards, Navarro's, Sedano, CVS, other local pharmacies too. In fact the makers of it are sure. Sure, sure you're going to love it. They're giving away free full-size samples. In fact I got a two pack now. Vanilla and chocolate flavor. Anybody who calls their toll free number call 1-866-368-3739. 1-866-368-3739 or faster yet order online at interrect diabetic.com. Just click on words as free samples. Tell them that old Neil sent you by for the delicious one. Get an additional special gift too. Just for mentioning my post. Call 1-866-368-3739. My life and local. This is 4256. 2-1-866-3739. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Do you know me? It's my thing like a play. And it would be. He was to play. We're going to marry another one. That's when this. I will never set sea. Not with me baby. I'm single again. We're so open now. My legs didn't open. No baby baby. Don't get that we pulled. We had it on our. I'm not at it yet. And the good voices they didn't know. Mama stepped in there. Keep putting her foot down. Right on it. 11-3-5-60-WQAM. The best movie ever somebody facts us. Say it's not the poll question last 10 years. But he says ever, Lord of the Rings, the return of the King. We put it down. Got it on it. Now what do we got so far? Magnolia. Yes. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Yes. And that return of the King. Oh, and that's it. So far. I see. Almost the absolute best movie. One of the past 10 years, 1993-2003. I am going to watch the South Park and look at this week with the place that I'm very good at. We'll never get back. Bear in mind it's a musical. Now it's all right. It's for you. It's a musical. So just understand that when you go and go into it. Understand what? That it's a musical. They have funny songs. It's a musical format. So what's wrong with that? Nothing. Just some people are put off by musicals. And I'm one. I'm one. Are you fucking kidding me? Yeah, see? Yeah. 5-6-7-05-60-pound-5-60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Pulling to forget that Michael Mayo-com. I won't. It's only the end of January. He's already written one good column this year. We might actually get two or three this year. Oh, he's gone, baby. I'd said a record. WCWAM, hello. Oh. Yes, sir. Yeah, like speaking. Speaking. Nill. I can't have one that has to have both or that guy that I feel like I. Yeah. It takes away his, um, good, um, senior good, a thing guard. Make a playful approach. Excellent choice. Thanks, Pally. Yeah, take away all his senior citizen discounts. Not good enough. 183 votes on it. Pull, we'll take it down 1130. It's not getting like a phenomenal response because most people don't give a crap. I guess it's powerful, of course. I'm just not used to it. Living in a civilized place most of the year. I'm just not used to that crap. Let's take it back. I can't stand it no more, you know? What should happen to see more shush the 69-year-old Howard Man who, uh, fadily punched the 74-year-old man in Tamarack at a discount movie theater. Keep in mind the operative word there. discount. Make him live with Mo 53. What is your, uh, you can't beat Mo. What a surprise. I'm not, I can try. Long jail sentence 48, please do. I love the see it. Everybody hates him, man. How old now? How old do you feel if you came in every day to work? Yeah. And, and knew that everybody hates you. I play blow my brains out. Would you really? No. Oh, man. I probably just be a miserable man. And I don't really have that, but every place you've ever been it's been the same no matter where you go. And you've got to look at a mirror and further off. Take off that horrible hairpiece. But you look at a mirror. Even the musk rat up there can't stand you. I would probably live my life in denial. Oh, that was clear. Patrick? Right. Make him live with Mo 58. A faith worse than death. Long jail sentence 50. Make him live the rest of his life with Georges mother and mine. Not thirty, man. Dirty. Nothing. It was an accident in 23. 11.2% of you, probably old cochers out there. The old Cockers have computers? Ah, some, yeah, they might. They might be cruising on there. You never know. They might be trolling for, uh, prune juice. Death penalty 17. Take away a sweet and low 15. Make him look the rest of his life with Neil's mother seven. And your mama's starting to catch up to her. She's got four. You go, ma. You go, ma. You'll pry. Love the 30 will change that pool. We're building our list now. Best movie last 10 years. And this is like I said last week. It's something actually useful we can do. Because opinions are like assholes. Everybody's got one. But in this particular case, um, you know, you might accomplish something. Give some people an idea. Plus it'll be good for the economy. You go out to your local video store. Which hopefully won't be Blackbuster. No. Which reminds me. I got a Blackbuster story here somewhere in my pile. If I can find a goddamn thing. Or I'll say goddamn. Can't say that. Jesus Christ. If I can find a gosh dang thing, Blackbuster sued for porn on PG movie. Oh, how do you like that? Really? What very new jersey? A couple who says they're four year old daughters saw hardcore pornography on a PG-rated movie tape from Blackbuster as soon as the video company. The plaintiffs who were not identified said the footage appeared on homologone three tape, right? Well, someone you homologone. There's some stuff that goes on. On a homologone three tape, read an April 7 from a glass bro store. The photographic material is actually appeared for 10 minutes after the movie credits for the 1997 film. Oh, my God. According to the lawsuit, Squirtch Court filed in Superior Court, Blackbuster had a responsibility in a duty to inspect monitoring and ensure the quality and propriety of all video products purchased by its customers. Randy Hardgrove is spokesman for Dallas-based Blackbuster Inc. said Friday that the company does not carry X or NC-17 rated movies and depends on renders to return to tape in the same condition it was given to them. Unfortunately, there are those rare instances when some will abuse that privilege and damage one of our tapes he said. See, I think it was like a little little funny that they pulled you out of his funny. Well, I think it's kind of cute. And it was a four year old girl. She ain't got to know what it's all about. She in fact she might look at it and say, You call that a penis? Yeah, she might have said that. Or maybe like a random a colleague, Hogan movie. Here's a fact that says I heard on public radio that David Kay has no doubt that didn't we just get you talking about this? Yes. I mean, yeah, I'm President Washington's got to be a little bit of a little bit. I'm trying to make a point there because I'm I'll get to it. But it just pisses me off when they start with something. Number one, just got to talking about number two. They've been on this all week and long. It's been on our website. It says what really gets me is when he added to it that he believes that President Bush a Reese, what does it say? We see. We see. You see, faulty and shoddy in from the CIA. Well, what a concept. Is this going to be Bush Myster's way out? I thought David Kay was on our side. It says whatever that means. I don't know what that means. Keep an eye on this. The cover up continues. Thanks. You're the best. This is Don and Delray. Oh, I'm great. Hey, too. Thanks a lot, Donna. I heard the same interview. It's like, oh, I don't think the board is going to write you up. I figured you're a person that David Kay thing. He says, you know, yeah, he's blaming it on the CIA, not the president. He doesn't think the president was lying. You see, it doesn't make any difference. It doesn't make any difference. I mean, there's a shadow of difference there. But the fact of the matter is that it was incompetence. And just to make a bunch of crap up to top it all off. And of course, we know that they were under pressure. The CIA. We've already heard that from George Tenet. We already know that. Yes. That they were being pressured to put together, or case. Because I mean, see, this is what wears me out. I know there's a lot of stupid people running around. But we've already know that they had the plan to attack your rack. In fact, the day on hours after 9, 11, happened, Rumsco was urging them already to get the plans ready for the rack attack. So they could, so they could carry out a plan. They already had, right when they got elected before they got elected. Ninety-nine. I mean, if we didn't have so many God damn stupid people running around, just like they got to call before we was talking about the, you know, with a religion thing. And it's tragic. So tragic. People who are just so narrow, who never go anywhere. We don't know what the whole world is all about. And that God thing, man, when are you going to give it up already? When are you going to give up the bull crap? Stop living like a bunch of little children with sandy claws. Or line nine is ringing. That's always my favorite. Q.A.M. has a lot of money. Or line nine is ringing. That's always my favorite. Q.A.M. Hello. What is it? Office space. Now, uh, let me say office space. Uh, yeah, you need some office space, man. And a rubber room somewhere. Maybe it was Sheridan. W.M. Hello. Hello. How are you doing up on Neil? Okay, sir. I didn't watch the Golden Globes last night. And I was channel surfing. And I happened to go through CNN. And then had a campaign rally for John Kerry. And I never really heard him. And he is a much to look at. But I'll tell you that he actually seemed pretty personal. And he answered the questions right away. He didn't need it. Free by five index card. Right. And as much as I didn't know too much about him more. Before I think that he might possibly be. But he's going to have to get the. I'm going to take it. But he thinks like he might possibly be the only. I say, I say, Bob Graham for VP, man. That's the key. Yeah, Bob Graham would be a good choice. I didn't even think of that again. But he can't send Florida. Yeah. He was able to stand on his feet. And the answer questions right away. And he just got to get him better here. Peace. Ha ha. Maybe he can borrow Dennis Cassinuces. Or maybe tomorrow. One of those. And that could be have a great day, pal. Bye. Nothing wrong with Kerry's a little scary. Look at no question about that. That's saving private Ryan somebody says. This movie last 10 years. How did Chase spirit and love beat this movie up for the Academy where they want out their outrage, obviously? And now no notable mentions, please. Ha ha ha. They can't stop. No. No, they can. Man, I, I, I go out of my way. I go through a long speech like I'm teaching kindergarten. There's a lot of little kids. And it doesn't make any difference. They just will not stop with the list. I don't want to list. Let's get, you know, eight million people's opinion is opposed to one person. Would they be in a list? Should change the question to accommodate them. I see. Question should read. How many of these? How many of these? How many of these? How many movies can you name? Ha ha ha. There you go. It's back. We'll do that tomorrow. Ha ha ha. Well, keep. Well, keep you on the ear until you run out. How's that? All right. That was speaking of interesting things. And it's about time we did something. This station is dying. And so I can be an on a Titanic. You can feel us going down even with that bogus book. We're just losing it. I go on Greg, you're killing us. But we got the hot couples contest coming back with the sometime this week. And have another one. So be prepared for that. Start snapping him. Snatch shots. Okay, start popping it. Yeah, new to these. Highly encourage. You know, I love Katrina. But her mom could use some help. You know, I mean, because I look at this log. And I wonder myself how much thought how many seconds did she think when she was. I'm going to make this log up. Nevertheless, I'll tell you again, balance for life is the way to lose that weight. The painless, the easy need the licious way as opposed to a lot of complicated, maybe even dangerous Diprogramms that don't work. And why is it so easy because the people at balance for life figure out the glycemic values of the carbs. They prepared delicious fresh goodies. Nothing frozen. No, added. It is no chemicals. And it really is good for you. And that's all you have to do. There's plenty of food in your black sack to keep you happy all day long. So you'll be snacking and cheating. In fact, there are three delicious meals and two snacks in your sack every day. There's nothing like having a snack in the sack. And they give you that menu once a week. You can choose to have two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program. These are the only people with this kind of a program that you'd like you choose between two for every meal and snack on a program. So if you're tired of being fat, if you're tired of being gigantic and having no energy and wearing pup tents for clothing, this could be the thing you've been searching for for a long time. Balance for life. It's so simple even anybody can do it even me. Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. Or check them on the web at balance for life.com. Garentee. If you stick with it, you're starting to result with just a matter of days on that scale. Play with these cities. It's ABC news hit reality series. The ultimate job interview. The apprentice starring billionaires duttle trumped his business to please if you boss have If you both ask you if you want to accept them and is a part of them, he only shows things in presence, you say, In business you have to speak your mind, don't be afraid to be heard or expressing opinion. I have something to say, I don't feel comfortable agreeing to sleep with you. You're fired. He is in an against the law, Mr. Trump. Two words, fees, we cheeks fired. Isn't that one way? You're fired. The imprints is. All right, he's a business of gas. You see my hair? Horrible hair. Dead cat. Doesn't matter. Women across the world want me. No why? I'm worth billions. You! Go look and black guy. How do you do with the ladies? I do pretty well. No you don't. You're nothing. Let's ask the ladies. Ladies, if you had to pick which one of us to go to bed with, who would it be? Go look and poor black guy? Probably no with dead cat hair. Dead cat hair guy! Thought so. I love New York. The apprentice. On NBC. 11 19. You know, I actually saw that the other day for the first time. Yeah. I saw some of that. And I'm really sorry. I do. I never like him in the first place. I'm not one of these people who's in awe of people like Tom Zomoney. Like Ted Turner, who's basically, there's a lot of good things but he's a moron. Right. Or like Bill Gates, who is a little wimpy quizland nebish. Right. And then like this guy. I'm George Steinburner's another one. But Donald Trump don't impress me at all. But I like that as much. Sure, who now wouldn't. But that show, have you seen, yeah, I mean, you know what it's all about? Is he go? No, it's about humiliation. Oh, yeah, yeah. See, America doesn't want to show too much sex on TV because then the FCC or the anchors, everybody's license and take away other marbles. So the closest thing we can get to like see in real SNM is the humiliation thing. Which is why you got survivor. And what's the one where they got to eat the worms and the cramp? Fear factor. Fear factor. All of that garbage. You know, who's going to stab who in the back? Now that's, that's what it's all about now. Missy Robbins. Yeah, it's like Donald Trump is playing Mrs. Robinson. Right? Yeah, well he was there last night too, Dustin Hoffman. How come they didn't have a big standing ovation for him? I wonder. That's right. Very underrated. Even Tom Cruise gave me like a little and a little look. But here's the article you're going to love from the India to the times of India. This stole the presidential election says Tony Blair's wife. In a fourth-right view that's likely to embarrass her husband, Sherry Blair, wife of Prime Minister Tony Blair, is reported to have observed that George W. Bush stole the US presidential election from Al Gore. And she is... Man. Sherry Blair still believe that Bush had stolen a White House from Gore off their fellow Stevens Road in his book, Tony Blair, the making of a world leader. The Tony Blair was pragmatic about Bush's victory. Mrs. Blair was far less sanguine about the Supreme Court decision that gave him the keys to the White House. She believed Al Gore had been robbed of the presidency and was hostile to the idea of her husband co-zying up to the new president. Even as they flew to Washington for their first meeting with the presidential couple, Mrs. Blair was no more to carry favor of the book stated. The book's disclosures of Mrs. Blair's fourth-right view is what caused embarrassment and downing street because of Blair's good-working relations with Bush and the foreign and come-with-off as although they will not surprise officials or ministers who knew her well. How do you like that? She's a lot smarter than he is. You go girl. Yeah. I say Sherry Blair for Prime Minister. For the Queen. She may be she can be the new Queen. Here's our Cuban, our one Cuban Democrat and Mimey who says long time, Mr. By the way, thank you for that excellent link to the conspiracy theory info. Shame on you, you better hide. The Bush people are probably on the way to get you. Well, bring them on. You know, bring them on. That's the new deal with everybody. Bring them on. You know, it's curious doing that thing now too. Yeah. Bring them on. Okay, let's wrap up this other pool and get the other one on there. What do you say? All right. We don't have many on there because I've been rambling, but that's okay. I saw him almost human. How about you, my tomorrow I'll have the last message of all this, not out of my system? Hot showers. It's on the way out. It's almost gone. It's that room right there. You're going to be sick again soon. I know, it's only on hand. This cut for three weeks. The hump for a three microphone. And of course, you know, when you have this cut, you stay inside a lot. So hang on. I have was doing for three weeks. I'll be picking out. I know that else to do. You can't leave the house. Can't go to the teddy bars. You can't go to the track. You just stay inside and you're like, picking out. Losing out tank plays. I love you, baby. You're, you're, oh, man. Just bursting out all over. I keep telling these guys and they all thank me. Mad dog Joe Rose, the humper. They've all taken my advice. Just forget about management. They're not going to get any smarter. Just take the money right to the bank. And they all agree. What's not to like? But you better stay, man. You've got to stick around and live long enough to enjoy it, right? Right. Speaking of that, what should happen to see more stress that 69 year old a guy? Making live with most 70, long jail sentence 63. Making live the rest of his life with George's mother and heels mother 33. Nothing. It was an accident. You know what I'm saying? Shame on you. Accent it my fat ass 12% say that. Take away a sweet low 24 death penalty 19. That was my vote. Fries ass. Make it live the rest of his life with Neal's mother's seven and make him live the rest of his life with Jorge's mama. Eto mama tambien. Sinkle. Now there would be a reality show out of 251 Eto mama tambien. No, both our mothers in the same room. Oh my god. How long would that lie? How many seconds would I lie? 30 minutes. Wow. Okay. Here's the fact it says first my cousin Vinnie should be up there. I've been dressed in lies 10 years. It says you see my cousin Vinnie? Yes, I thought it was that equit. It's better than I thought it would be. How's that? Oh, and speaking of Sophia Coppola, because this other thing here with the most recent deaths, Sophia Coppola her nose has sprouted. It's grown like, triple what it used to be. Used to be gigantic. Right now it is like, talk about please big size that one for me. Her nose grew a nose. Wow. She must have taken that right on doubt of the 711 and had heard them big size it. You know, she's got the money to fix it. Yeah, well, when people like you would and say, oh, you see that she had a nose job. Yeah, no, I see nobody even if she fixed a nose, she's still be grow test. Plus she's probably getting laid plenty man. Lot more people. You're in teeth. Really? It's Tanya Coppola, mother of filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola and actress Tanya Shire whom I love, she's great. And grandmother, look at that grandmother, her actor Nicholas Cage. Yes. Did you know that? Yes. Who appeared in two Coppola's films, one from the heart and the godfather part two, who published the Coppola's post of book, Ma Ma Mia and whose images a grace align of past and sauces name for her nickname, Ma Marela. DiGanyway 21st, DiGanyway 21st, DiGany, home of natural causes, he was 91. That's old enough, 91. Oh, what? Nothing. Ron Crickenberger. Who is the political director of the libertarian party? He died January 20th of Melanoma and Washington, age 48. What this is depressing is the death segment. Ray Rainer, legendary Chicago TV host, he was also, we never heard of him. Do you ever hear him? Nope. Hosted, the Rainer's shrine, Popeyes, firehouse, little show, Vestal OIC, Vestalor's crown Oliver O' Oliver on WGN's Vosod the circus, which was very big. DiGanyway 21st of pneumonia, the so many four maras he was 84. That was old enough. Dean Miller, actor Vestal for playing Matt Hensha, spring bynth in Sunlong the TV comedy series December bride, he died of cancer and gross point Michigan January 13, age 75. This is great. Thanks, they have it up to us with this every day. Yes, like Rainer, we used to do that thing off the AP wire with the, what he used to do? The birthday list. We'll do the death of the day list. Oh yeah, because we're much of back to the initial. Albert Henderson, character actor who appeared in a number of notable films including Super Co. Cougains, love, the postman always, things twice and big top P.W. It was regular on the TV series Car 54 where I drew played Officer O'Hare and Oak can defrances O'Hare died in LA at the age of 88 and John Seomos. For men with their thought it said John Stamos, they would be bad. Wouldn't that be bad? Yeah, well, whatever. Now what do you mean by that? He's not old enough to be dying yet. No, but it wouldn't bother you if Blacky died. No, I'm not. Rock Dremmer who can be heard on recording says just hello it's me by Todd Rungren and that's the way of always who it could be by Carly Simon best known as Dremmer for Peter Frampton 72 to 78. He was found dead January 16 and has broken the apartment of unknown causes age 56. There you go, there's today's celebrity necklace. Oh, I like that. We can make a regular feature of it. Oh, no, no, why not? Okay, what we come back, let's start for a series getting some names on this list. What was the absolute best movie that you'd recommend one, Solument de Uno of the past 10 years 1993 to 2003. What do we got so far? Let's smith can this other pull here, I kind of want to get pushy. But I think we got the message. Make old, what's his name, Seymour Shust is moving in with Moves. Mike can just, I can't wait to see that. Oh, man. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, that's right. And a motion look at him cross. I just a few of those will be good. 27 after 11 at 5, 60 WQA. I'll tell you one thing. If you don't get a good night's sleep, you wake up at a morning and you feel like you haven't slept at all. That's why your mattress is so important. Most people don't really appreciate a great mattress. Is Bob Lasson used to say, am I used to say a pushy? What you should. Anyway, Donald mattress knows that it's important to everybody with a brain to get a good night's sleep. And that's why they give you only the best merchandise. Noah offerings, no crap. And now, Donald mattress is proud to wed, Stearns and Foster, to their already strong championship lineup. Stearns and Foster's the finest mattress made in America and you can sleep on one as soon as tonight. If you call that tool free number like all of us at QM have done, 1-800 mattress. And Donald mattress also carries all the other top names in a world 2. They got your ceiling and surre a Simmons King coil temperedic 2. You can choose from dozens and billions of models at low unbeatable everyday discount prices today and everyday even next sockets. And only Donald mattress gives you that 2-hour delivery window when it's convenient for you any day, the week 7 days, from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. So all of these things put together, low prices, same day delivery, free set of immobile you gotta be crazy to go to your betting and departments to get ripped off. You only start way to get to a great night's sleep is callin' dial a mattress which I've been doin' for years. Call 1-800-MX-100-MATTRES or I'm Lied It's MacRestock Com. I'm inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. Salt and Peta made push it, one of the biggest dance lip songs of the 80s. And to this day, scholars still debate when the music history's toughest questions. What could the song impossibly be about? Well sadly I don't know if we'll ever really get to the bottom of what this song was trying to convey to the listener. Pop music historian Peter Principal. I mean push it, this can mean a number of things. Push the door open for example. Yes, push that door open real good. Push the button on that home appliance of yours, push the button real good. Push the stuffing further into the circuit. You see how deliciously open to interpretation as song is. But one when a gay journalist Rolling Stone rock critic Matthew Britney Spell has shaken the music industry with his allegations that pushing could be about the insertion of the penis firmly into the vagina. Hey I looked at that song from every possible direction. Then hit me. Christ all mighty. This song is about f***ing. And f***ing high. Oh my god, no, please. Matthew Britney Spell. This is nothing but a bitter-filled writer who wants to revive his career with these accusations of push it being about the actual Congress. Next thing you know, who be saying all those reps songs about entering women from behind are actually about entering women from behind. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. We may never know for certain what push it was all about. Only one thing is for certain. It's a big juicy shopping wed look at show business tonight on inside the behind. I know you do what I meant by that. I'll bet you didn't love a 32, 28 till no we got the mad dog at you to the Saboon the hump or at the Superball in Houston in four. Six 30 it's pants and preview. Panthers at the Rangers at seven. That should be a push over nice gold by the way. That first Yarmory younger. Game for the Rangers. It was tight nine to one. Nine to one. They get buried by Ottawa. Anycalf to the hockey game and Joe Mark overnight. Roberto LaWango ought to be like the athlete of the year already in South Florida as anybody care. Oh, you don't even know who that is. Very sad. See what I'm saying? Good at hiding kid. Ira who brought us lunch today. Well, once us the horseradish station. No problem any time for you. Ira. No problem at all. Elane City subsuppresence. Super sub ball stravaganza. Gourmet sub platter homemade beach bomb brownie platter for all you brownie hounds. A large Caesar salad platter. A bag of famous homemade kutons and $10 in Elane City subsettificant feeds up to 15 people in 1999. 85. Elane City subs right now. They do have good kutons. So they have great kut or a kuton. Treat you can call them at 9.54 9.8. 6.88 11. 9.8. 6. 88 11 or there were 33.55 shirt and street in Hollywood. Half my west of I. 95 on shirt and street. Not too far from where we used to be when we were at the IOD. Right. Real radio station all known. When even the buddy bud passion days. I know I don't want to start reminiscing. They weren't all that bad. You know what? I know. We had our problems. We had Ron and Ron. And we had the engineers. But engineers are always assholes. But that was his name. Roy. Pressman. And mad Max. But the NL of course we had Tommy Cramer who did not do drugs in the 60s and 70s. Right. Got some good news for the Dean people by the way. We're going to South Carolina. Yeah. Oklahoma and Arizona and North Dakota and New Mexico. We're going to California and Texas and New York. We're going to South Dakota and Oregon and Washington and Michigan. And then we're going to Washington and you see it. Take back the way goes. Yeah. Anyway, what did I tell you about the polls sooner or later you'll find one you like? Democratic presidential contender John Kerry holds a shrinking 3.0 lead only 3.0. Over Howard Dean on the eve of the New Hampshire primary according to a Royders MSNBC Zagley poll released today. In other words, five minutes ago is like, let's see, 3 35 to 50 was like 20. Now it's only 3%. Dean's a 4 points off Kerry's advantage. Well, let's see. This is another poll. It's their Kerry leads Dean 31 to 20% the new polls. On it, words is jumping 3 points to narrowly trail Westley Clark for third place, 13 to 12% Julie Leighman remains static at 9%. Don't give us no static, Mr. Leighman. Max a hoist. There is no question the race is tightened up post to John's ag. We said Dean stopped the bleeding in the middle of the week. And he slowly begins to have a sporty loss. Dean's favorable right. Well, I listen, I have no problem with him other than the fact I don't think he can win. If you think they made a monkey out of him so far, just wait. I think that they're salivating. They're just licking each other's chops during a White House. All those Nazi bastards are goose stepping around. They've got the full gear on to full SSU over that over the screen. No, they're salivating over the hope and then he gets nominated. Because he's screaming because they can scare the pinnacle. Let me say to you again, which you seem to be forgetting. I said it on Friday. I'll say it again. He lost Iowa. He came in a dismal third with 18%. Yeah. Okay. That was before any. That was before any screen. Before any wild speech before all of these things. That's what's Iowa. Pretty goddamn important, unfortunately. I don't get it. Especially when you're leading by a humongous margin. His performance in the debates was deplorable. It was pathetic. And not to man, not only that, but in other than he tried it his wife out. All I can say about her is, I gotta play that bit again a few times. Give me a break. Play it now. Man. You want to play right now? Yeah. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't handle a pressure here. A little under the weather folks. Well, I'm serious. She, she, uh, And now, a word from Howard Bean's wife. Hi. Hello there. I'm Dr. Judas Steinberg. Quiet but presidential cavity, Howard Bean. You can call me Judy. Not judge Judy. That's the different misguides. People want to know, why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make crap at this and I look like a shane opponent. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much edition. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers drop it. No, I say that's a bunch of misguides. For those of you who don't have to catch the Irish, that means crap. How is a good guy? Though he's watching might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper, Adam. I remember one time when the right kids left the cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. Even Machuga, I spent 23 years with his shagots. Most of the time he's immense. But on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, Howie, would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I've got a watch section in the city. I got a shut down to campaign headquarters, what's with the croakers to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I'm no Jackie Kennedy. Hell, if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't wear makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, because I got a zonth. That's here this for Dr. Judistine Lake. All right, now paid for it by the committee to a like John Kerry president. That line of what she's done with her is breath away from being an other person. That's a beauty. She's not. In fact, who's the bigger Mieskai, her or Hadassa Librimon? What's a Mieskai? We grow test. I say. The Inesfavorite writing script back up this week, but almost see this is what bothers me a lot. Almost half of likely new Hampshire voter still think it's unlikely he can be president Bush. A crucial issue is Democrats look at it and November's general election. There are still some very serious doubts about it whether he can be president Bush. Zonth be set of Dino gain five points in the new poll about Kerry gain one point and Edwards jump three points. Never can they stay the level. Firstly, Clark ain't going nowhere. Nope. I'm sure Bubba ain't too happy about that. Bubba was a Dino. Macarine yesterday. And for hundreds of chewing fans. And he basically said what we already know that this president is a moron. As what he said. In fact, they quoted the article about it. I got to hear somewhere. One Republican, one Bush supporter who said, where the hell is it? I'm just kept thinking that a president Bush up there trying to talk like that. Said registered Republican Tim McPhillon 48 of Pompano Beach. I just couldn't picture it. Clinton is really articulate. How do you like that? Yeah. No, they know that what we got now is move a little bit like that. So what are you thinking about Tim? Let's get rid of. Move a little bit. Once in for all, okay. Cronic compulsive liar who's sacrificing American lives right now as we speak. To Earth it. Oh, is that what it is? Yeah. Lier liar. It's on the things on fire. Okay. Well, once we come back from the break, then we're going to get heavy duty into a million calls because I know we're lagging on the second poll because a lot of people have a lot of vote yet because they don't like whatever the movies are up there. I see what I'm saying. We only got 18 votes. And that's because we only got like seven or eight movies on her. Saving prior raven got rions got seven. My cousin Vinny's got three. Is that a Gweedon movie? Yes. Gopashi. Like I said, a Gweedon movie. Lord of the Rings return to the King. All of these things too. Magnolia's got a pair. Office face to. Glend Gary Glendoross one at George and recommend for dream one. You vote for Glendoross? Yes. All right. Go for it. Always be closing. ABC. Funny till noon at five sixty w to Q m. Hey, I'll tell you one thing speaking and dying which everybody in the brother talks about it and if you're on the adkins which believe you me when he was alive he didn't get this much publicity. Oh, guess what? Better not do now when I'm doing this spot. Okay. Because they might carry it. Remember I told you about those adkins in Delge bars. There's an adkins in Delge ice cream. All I would suggest to you is don't indulge too much. Anyway, Delge has got all kinds of good stuff. They've got breads and bagels, cookies and crackers, chips and brownies. Chocolates their own ice cream. Pasta sauce is ketchup in cheesecake. All low carbs sugar free if you want any of those dies. Whether it's the South Beach Dine. The atkins, the scatkins, the asus and summers. Whatever it might be. And guess what? The coast is clear now because finally after all these years. They've announced low carb is not bad. It's not dangerous. No more. All of a sudden. Delge is open every day. Seven days a week from 10 till 10. And you can always try anything in the store before you buy it. They've got a friendly staff that knows dieting inside and out. And they have the most complete line of that can grant products anywhere there on sale today. Next the poem and all day every day. So if you're on one of those low carb dies, here's a store that will really please you because they've got the variety that will keep you satisfied on your low carb die for a long time. Delge ice biscuits on the northeast corner of blades in 441. Right next to Boston Market, column toll free at 1-877 low carb. Run a web, you'll find them at low carb. That's with the Wd low carb dot com. Don't forget there's only one detail I saw with book is your official Atkins retail center. We're supposed to be in 560. Oh, you a m. In theaters now, Lord of the Un-Yen Rings. You're a fat idiot. Give it some food. I won food. Cheeseburger Spitzer, onion rings. We're gonna kiss, I'm gonna poop at the one. We're gonna kiss, I'm gonna poop at the one. Oh, loneliness and key figures are a dangerous mix. Copy onions can be a choice. He's fat and stupid. I'm not fat shut up, that boy. Lord of the Un-Yen Rings. Good friend is morbidly obese. Sam, dude, I'm here. Oh, and the game's so much weight, Richard Simmons comes from our friend though. Can I show you a little magic? You're sitting on the spot, damn, bro. 1146-14-025-60. Okay, let's get this thing going for serious now. Okay, what do you say? Okay, okay. You think? Okay. What was the absolute best movie in the last 10 years from 1993 to 2003? We've only got a short list so far. Because we've been dickin' around here. We've got a lot of important stuff. A lot of us stuff's gonna change the world. Lord of the Rings return of the King. A dozen. My cousin Vinnie 12, saving private Ryan 10. Ben Gary Glen Ross, eight. Ben Gary Glen Hill, office space four. Rick, we have been for Dream 4. Magdoria's only got two in payback, which I even know we put it on. He's got none on out of 52. I'm working ahead. How come Magnolia does so poorly? No. I mean, is my taste really that bad? What is that all about? And don't start with the ending again. Okay, I won't. I mean, if people would ask you, should I go see them? You know, movies like Magnolia and happiness are widely known. You didn't want me to finish the question, sorry. If somebody were to ask you, would you recommend that I render by that movie? And watch it. What would you say? I would say yes. Well, Shawshank Redemption was that within the last ten years? I don't know. But we got a fact checker in the other room over here. Really? Yeah. I got my big book in a good part of this is I don't have to look up the reviews in this one nasty of this British dime 94. 1994. Shawshank Redemption and by the way of Jason, they used to work at our business. The list of things I got. I still have a watch it and I'll never find it again. Don't anybody ever loan me a book? A video tape anything if you ever expect to see it again. I can't stand that. That's why I did it. I just don't like it. Give you the movie here. You can sell pardon me. Just keep it. I will. Okay. You'll never see it again. That's fine. 560, 560 pound, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Thank you. Hello. You're like, looking here. Yes sir, speaking. No, no, no. That one's for a fuck. You're like, what is it? The usual suspects is good. Thanks, pal. I'm not really sure it is good. I don't think you actually saw it yet. I didn't. No. Who's in it? Kevin Spacey, Benio Del Toro. What's his name? Another guy. Uh-huh. I forget his name. Who'd be comfortable? Yeah. Who'd be compost? Wouldn't. Anyway, usual suspect. I know it's in the other room. I got in my rack. It's in a rack. It's good. Maybe I watched that right after a South Park the movie. You think? Maybe. You tell me. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T. In fact, what I should do. What's that one that I like with Matt Damon? Well, Matt. I'll tell you the town that Mr Ripley was good. You wouldn't like it because you say it's a fat movie. I didn't say it's a fat movie. Other people did. I never saw it. So how could I say it? It is a fat movie, but there are other movies that you like that were fat movies too. There were. Yes, I forget that there was one in particular. And, oh, it just catches you man with your pants down. So to speak. You would like this movie. You'd laws in it. Okay. What's not to like? I'll watch great, great, beautiful scenery and a Italy man in Rome. Of course, never have a vendor Rome in the shop. I hope that they are. You don't appreciate it as much as I do. I haven't seen cold mountain. That's the new Jude law movie. Okay, cold mountain. Get that on there, man. It's out right now. He got nominated for that last night. Did he win? No. No. He's great. Dude laws excellent. I want to see it. And I'll say it again. I don't know how they do it. It's like Abba who didn't speak any English. There were Swedes who swedish girls who spoke nothing but Swedish. Right. And all of their music is in perfect English. They don't accent. They did mute their same songs in French and Spanish as well. And I spun your old C C. But in the same with Jude law, he speaks with a very, very heavy English accent. He's a Brit, of course. Give you the Schmidt. And in the movies, he doesn't unless he's opposed to a course. But like I can tell that it must be replay. There is no accent at all. And how do you just lose it like that? It's called acting. I see. What a concept. I know. Double to QM. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. I got one for your poll. I'll lay thee already. And it's not even noon on Monday. Oh, no. No. You've had a lot of fun. I have a lot of fun. Yes. And they should, you think everybody should be required to see that in the high school. They should be forced in a luck in a clockwork orange. They should prep their eyes open with toothpicks and force that in the middle. I have two for your own recreational viewing. Boom. Dark Saints with William Dupbo. And the devil's figure out about the image people got mad. Okay. Have a great one, Neil. You too. Thanks a lot. But she was your bubbly and effervescent one. I mean, she was not a charlista at all, but you never know. You never do know. Is that the picture? Some of pictures, right? She was very nice. And it's so unusual that we have a lady call or any more now that we're doing the screenless audio. But that's okay because the rating showed how many women we got. I've heard of me. And so right, that'd be enough to keep you busy for a while. And Josh. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, pound, five, 60, on a AT&T line. 68 votes and look what's leading. The Lord of the Rings return of the King. Look at my thing. 17. I mean, I just, like, in the end of Jones, you know, that's those in our movies that I would want. Those aren't for you. No, Lord of the Rings is that they would want movies with, like, heroes. I mean, I like Star Trek. Star Trek star Wars. Did I say Star Trek? I said Star Wars. Oh, excuse me. So I like Star Trek. These are good movies. After the first 2000 episodes of the TV show, got a little bit stale. The Lord of the King's series were, were good movies. Yeah, for what? Adults? Yeah. Yeah. Really? Anyway. Don't like that crap. 567. I like it a little more blunt. You've got stuff like that. Like a godfather, man. The problem is the whole thing. We talk about movies. That's why I decided to do this one. We talked like a couple of old funny studies, which we both are. Let's face it even you. Sure. The days come and Josh probably refers to you behind your back. He's the old man and me is, you know, the ancient man. If you realize the old man. Right. The old fossil. But you're getting up there, man. No question. So now we're losing our grip. Although you do, you know, see a lot more contemporary movies because you probably get booted like copies for free. I got a teenager. I got to stay up to date with you. Right. But I don't see these because I'm just not inclined to go rushing out to see the latest, like what was the one cold one? Cold mountain. Cold mountain. I don't know. I don't know. Jude Law and North Carolina. Oh. And war. Maybe he's hanging out in the Canada. Yeah. Well, let me know where it is. Now, what was the other one with Jude Law, a talented Mr. Ripley? Did you get that down? I got it down. Okay. You should see it. I'm tired. I will. Quite a story. On free free free free. I'll be a QM. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, my screen. I didn't know. I'm screenless right now. I'm going to go to the movie for you. Not for the poll. But when you're being interested in the thing. Okay. And I think it's called Wild. It has Jude Law as playing Oscar Wild for Lover. Really? And it's interesting movie. Very good. And it's got him. And I bet you're Oscar would like that. Is that that Oscar Wild movie? Yes. So what he just said. I saw that. It was good. Yeah, well, good. And I think it was before Jude Law was famous because I can't have some. Pretty graphic actually the movie. I'll be damned. I'm going to go out and get it today. And I'm assuming you have a club where go orange on your ball already. Last 10 years. Oh, sorry. Didn't know it was last 10 years. All right. Okay. Don't come to me and see it. Now, why did you just play the bell like that? Oh, because I meant to play it. Guys, I don't know. He didn't hear the whole pull. Okay. Give me the whole pull. That's what screw-in always says. Give me the whole pull. And they usually do. What was the absolute best movie of the last 10 years? Not all time we already been through that or pre 80. We did that. We want a little more contemporary for people out of the age of 100. 1993 to 2003. Although I will look at it the other way more constructive is that. When you give and I said this when we took the poll last week. When you give movies pre 1980 you think that most people under the age of like 30 say or 40 haven't seen those movies because they're not contemporary. And for the people that haven't seen them, they're really missing something that they don't go render by the DVD or the VHS if they're old fashion or whatever. Oh, by the way, five years. It's all going out CDs not DVDs but CDs going out right. You see that on our website. No more CDs. So what do we got so far? Lord of the Rings return to the king has got 20. Saving private Ryan 15. My cousin Vinny 14. Glenn Gray Glenn Ross has got 10. I'm shocked and pleased with that. Very good. Got his at a great movie. Get the job. Get the job. Kevin Spacey takes so much abuse at that movie. It's just a beautiful thing. Every character, every line, every scene is golden. But he gets his revenge in the end. Sure. Because I don't like you. Dad. Well, I didn't tell him. Oh, yeah. Office space 7. Office space 7. The charge rate redemption for it's about a prison break or something. And about a prison move? It's a yeah, prison. I don't want to see a prison move anywhere. I want to see no jume movies either. I don't want to see this. The poster he did not watch that that anti-jume, Mel Gibson movie. The novel changing their tune. Right. He didn't see it. The passion. A guy. A charge rate redemption five. Requiem for dream four. Voiling for column by and three. Magnolia's got three. We're got another one. That's a good taste. Usual suspects too. And none yet per payback. Cold mountain or forest gum. How did you sneak that on her? Ross is it made me cry like a little girl. The fact that they made money with that movie. And people actually liked it. That made me cry like a real screaming little girl. What life is like a box of hot to talk about. And ever since he made that movie, I hate him like poison. He is just he's just lost it. He's gone. He's like the meal time of the movie. He considers himself like. Do you want to mean he's legendary. It's another epic. What time hangs. Just stay in the bathtub with a mermaid and everything will come out. Okay. Oh. This is for 25. 2 a.m. To stay in the bathtub. I'll be back soon. I'll be back soon. Yeah. Part in the four. We're racing. And if I'm less white, She's going home right now. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. It's 12.0. In 5.60, WM happy Monday to a mad dog at you, the hopper from the Super Bowl in Houston is four. Who's in that Super Bowl? I need to carry on against the Patriots. Yeah. Let's be talking to Josh. Aren't the dolphins in that Super Bowl this year? No. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't want to rub it in. Do I? Yes. Yeah. It's a great sports time. Yeah. You know what you're talking about. Okay. That's always the technique. Whether it's Bobby Blake, whether it's Michael Jackson, always Schmerty of Cusier. During a bit to get to women's medical records and evidence of trial, Mackie told a judge there's a history of African American men being wrongly accused of rape by white women. What that was that movie? Take a look at my burger. Gregory Schmeck. She asked me. He goes county defender. Why? She asked me to come in and bust up a shipper. Oh, but Eagle County defender Craig Silverman says it was bound to happen. He says race is always an issue. Whether you want to address it on the surface or not. But former Denver DA norm early says he's said by the statement. He says unfortunately, he would hope this case would go from beginning to end without this rearing its ugly head. You think there was head involved in this? Uh-oh. Let's see. Wait. No. The best movie says Oscar. Because you know, got a fact saying that Glenn Gary Glenn Ross is from 92. Oh, no. And that's your fault. My bad. How could it be that old? Mommy to verify? Oh, I'm looking. They printed up the from IMDB. Well, if that's the case, then why do I need to look it up? You don't drop my video. Oh, well, it's taking off their shots. No, it's still going to see it. It's great. She had done like from 90. Wait, man. From 90 to 2003? I don't care. Well, why not? Then we can leave it on there. All right. Then all I have to do is just change from. Yeah. I mean, I mean, 13 is a lucky number. Worst from at some dean. Danny Boy, how's Danny Marina doing? A by senior. Oh, casino. It's as I have got a vaguest three times. And practically live at McAusunia, McAusunia. McAusunia. Because you know, since I've seen it for the best reason, it's the best because do the gambling. I've gotten divorce. Oscar. I'm going Oscar. Congratulations. Can I nominate Harry Peter and the source of his bonus. His recommendation. It's real cute. Good luck, Mike. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 9. 7. 9. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. Leave her mitten and Edward's 10 and poor Dennis Gussin just got one. One bad hair priest Well, let me forget that Michael my amoe column. Okay, don't forget the Michael man actually We did today since I sound a little bit more articulate today than last week I think it's that studio It makes me get like kind of stoked out. I should have sprayed the microphone slur all my words and you like Choken gang, Fag away. Fight club. Brad Pitt the fight club I didn't say I would see it. I didn't say I would like and I've seen in the video store a million times What I buy it all what I watch it all it's just me to it is violence which they like a lot And maybe they like Brad Pitt how much of her could be with Kevin Spacen as a movie? I like that sure it's a good choice soon to be a classic Now we're starting to expand that list. Okay, let's let's get the thousand movies on here before two o'clock Otherwise you know otherwise they look up and on list. They say well, I don't like any of these or this is my favorite right WQA and hello QA Spacen sir. What is it with Neil speaking? Okay, well, that's good Oh god, I think that was the what's his name. Oh, hey, there she is. That was Irving the dive. Who's that? Deans wife voting. Oh, there's Howard Dean's wife. Oh my god. Look at that punna man She is great. No, oh, we're from Howard Dean's wife. No, I said what's the term a what put them? That she's got oh I'll chain a punna put him. Yeah, I gotta remember that as in parxane, which means a grotesque Five six hundred we change it yet now he's gonna work on it just just relax and then he just changed it as I spoke that was excellent Aaron that was like a simultaneous orgasm You that genders specific that chain of punna I don't know what no of course not Like Tom Brady he's got a shena put him that's why Laura bush man. I'll tell you he sure look good at that They I didn't want to stay to need a dress for obvious reasons, but they showed a clip of him sitting next to Laura Surely wish you she could get her hands on that I guarantee you wow Man, he sure look pretty WQA and hello Hello, I'm your sir. Oh, I just call the tell Neil about Whoa and Johnny deeper that should be a favorite nothing good choice. Okay, excellent combination. Thank you Johnny deaf he looked pretty a skaky last night at the golden global words. He was there I don't know what it was I usually if I turn on you know I'm channel surfing and I find one of those shows and I just I'm gone right but there was something about that room There were just a lot of people in that room that I like like Johnny deaf a lot of Shayna puttoms Yeah, Simon some not so good. I most of them are like you know all Ooh like you ought to see the neuro now. I'm not dinner or a casino Another greaser how to see a Mal Pacino with he's got that little ponytail now you see that no I missed that somehow and his performance was just Superfying it was just Embarrassing and it was and He didn't want to shut up and the one the Jack Nicholson now on the other hand who looked like he was really 48 sheets to the wind as usual He got up as a presenter and he did he didn't say one word I all he did was read the list again. That you know it was very astray. Oh, they went back to you. Who it was? It was Sherry's Charlize Therol what about her? He gave her the award. Oh very good and he was yeah I thought he was gonna like stick his tongue out of the throat. He tried like that give her an award And it was whispering it at her ear and she was like laughing because he said her are you nice and relaxed to a sip Something like that and then he stood there and he was just like drooling and salivating 560 pound 560 on the eight she's just a little girl from the South Africa's what she says So it'll leave she was there and I still say that that blousey had on look like several guys It like try to rip that baby off her ass Come to QA him hello Hey, yeah, sir How about the prejuvating I'll get some epic brave heart Brave heart okay haven't seen that and if I'm lucky. I won't thank you sir. Brave heart. What do you say sure? Great. I mean not that way of anything to say if it's between two to 19 19 2004 it's all the lies never the right four star movie I mean you're pardon Brave heart it's excellent you were not really we've held heroism and combat and you know epic things happening Yeah, I don't think I got watch him objectively He's even before passion this whole lot of paints on his face that that helps. Yeah, maybe a mask Why do I keep doing line for everybody else again the screw because there's some reason my finger is stuck on for QAM Go to QAM hello. Hi, I got a great one. Okay American beauty just reach it to it, but it is good and thank you so much just beat him to it, right? Yes And by the way speaking of beauty they're showing duty on channel four news. I still can't get over that Don't we all know what crap looks like? Yeah, we all seem puny even our lies. We don't need to see Baby car seats with crap on it. Okay. You ask holes in channel four news does roll with you, man If I say crap on your old jeet, you hear what he said, but they're showing crap right there on a goddamn news in addition Which I think most people are getting ready or maybe even already digging into their dinner while sitting there watching the 530 or 6pm news. I got it since people like to use the word shock shock all the time and appropriately yeah shock news channel Shock news on channel four WV the real Schmidt WQAM hello. Hey, I'm gonna. Oh, hey, you know another lady. Oh, I can't get over it Yeah, I'm here. I'm always here. Hallelujah. Thank God for you Yeah, I was moving for you Paul some night. I totally enjoyed thoroughly from start to finish I loved to pirate through Caribbean with Johnny dance because the devil. He was there last night I didn't get to see the Golden Globes. He was actually there. Yes. He was there Kind of a country probably's got his return ticket. You know hotness hand. Yes, but he wasn't wearing that stupid black stripe Dude again, was he nobody had like the beard and long hair. He looked really grubby. Oh, no I'm gonna hand him a bar of coaster something I'm so you clean that young man up, and he is so hot He's still he still could pass for like 25. I was really can't he? He's awesome. So that was an enjoyable movie from start to finish real. I would pass him the soap and hope maybe you can hold on to it Yeah, well, do you want to see him really grungy go see that movie? Okay, thanks. I love me And back to you power to the Caribbean Caribbean what do you say? I say Caribbean put it on there Are you like ordering him like always Josh put these on yeah more good because he can't spell But that's okay. We don't mind. We're not worried about spawning. No, but he's into that sports crap You know he's a sports nerd 5 670 560 pound 560. Oh, there's the deans busy being Howard Dean shows the play as the sun and first you need one week That is your privilege. I have if I'm gonna run for president. She could be I mean, seriously this thing. I think they want apology and I've put in guilt, but to the armature Chelsea is the most grotesque thing I have ever she makes Chelsea Clinton look good. That's how ugly she is Once again today, how are you? Yeah, get out of here. We'll take a hike WQAM hello QAM If you're gonna take a list back to 1990 Yes, you gotta put the silence of the lambs on there Was that post 90 That was a 91 90 91 okay excellent well have our fact check or verify yeah. We'll have our fact check check and thank Thanks a lot people enjoyed a FF and I you know I really like I was distracted because I'm looking at her. I know who now there's a donkey close man with the tip Oh, listen should we do in the weather on channel 7 in the morning pretty soon if he leaves it a higher to stunt double or something God I wonder what the first thing that Howard Dean said when he saw her face Huh when he wakes up in the morning and tastes a look at that he says Man Oh, man Good god, all right can you can you imagine waking up in the morning and looking at that That is gruesome genny right to which it's own maybe that maybe that's why You see nobody I mean it would be very politically incorrect and extraordinarily rude and people would accuse the media of piling on But maybe that's the real reason why he has been keeping her in a closet Wouldn't you you're running for any office you had a wife to look like that wouldn't you keep her in the Class of absolutely you bet Club in its past noon at five 60 WQAM it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the only one mortgage from the financial group the benefits are in Credible zero closing cost you pay zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points Get yourself the new low interest rate of just 1.25% if you have a hundred thousand out of loan your payments are a mere 334 bucks a month If you have a 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 60 eight a month and no for you Once you'll be fine answer get a new home mortgage from financial group you will never ever pay closing costs again So call and find out all the details by 1 800 9 for Oland by making that call get the low rate mortgage You deserve and then move out your next property without any further cost of expense you pay zero underwriting fee Zero duck fees zero closing cost even when you move to another property get the new low financing rate of just 1.25% It's the only one mortgage from financial group for details here's the number to call again 1 800 9 for Oland you'll never pay closing cost again financial group 1 800 940 L a and d the rean equal housing lender restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 4.21 APR Here's what's radio five 60 UAM Hello, yeah Oh, was that in screw up again? My bad the last spot This is 25 I listen to your Rogers could I could hear the word asshole? The security card no library card no Pass no Certificate master card No There's blood no you want to pair of gloves See a half a break a streamer. He hits trimmer. He has hardly floor tea one more tea then we can help See We're in the United States government and we don't care if you're here illegally because we want you to work 17 hour days for virtually no pay while lazy Americans lay on the couch and collect welfare It's the American dream. I love the word card for no money and it even nebox under the bridge Hey, four by the committee to reelect George Bush Exactly 12 17 at five 60 WQM happy money to it. I think I get no mong out of my system, you know very good Coming out I didn't I'd erb tea and spite of what you said. I think it like brings it all out herb What was the absolute best movie last 13 years? 19 90 to 2003 or like right this moment Lord of the Rings return to the Ode King 28 the shoshank redemption 24. Yeah, which I could find that tape just gave me Did you see it yeah, and it was adequate It was fine. There was nothing wrong with it like I said I'm sure glad I lost that tape My cousin Vinnie 19 saving private Ryan 19 Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 17 Rolling for column by and 12 a must see office based 10 shindlers list is how did you sneak that? You movie. Oh real slick. Oh, God Coincidentally or maybe not it's right tied with forest dump Very good also tied with recon for dream, which I take that personally that's not actually a watch at do boy What's that shindlers list? I want not be what about a Nazi I Already work with the herb shindler a WKAT 100 years ago, okay, I don't want to I don't want to see no movie about herb shindler very good. He's probably still peddling for just a China. Oh and speaking of China Things are getting little foul in China, you know Why is it that Southeast Asia is it lack of claimant this is lack of sanitation? Is there more people are like our billion all of those all of those things all of these stars and we got the the if what is the a bird flu? What are they calling it the avion Avian The herb I pronounce that will get sued by the avion water people Requiem for dream six magnolia for usual suspects three sounds to the lambs to grave hard to casino's got one and Only one for these good fellas, what you was good fellas 90 Miguel came in done and sister. I'll be now and that's this kind of movie Oh my god one American beauty one another a lot of greasy people in it below one casino one and none per cold mountain power to the Caribbean or gladiator yet gladiator I see that one I'm not talking about well Alice said the please act gladiator the night was on there. That's another male Gibson movie, right? No Who's in that Russell Crow? Russell Crow? Same person, is it? No, don't think remind you of each other. No, I mean Russell Crow's a much better activity than both of the avion that's both assholes is what we hear they're both from down on that How about Cibis get somebody fags his tides says Cibis get is an amazing movie You see it? No, no, we'll see this guy. I'm not gonna go see that. I mean See how understand it's like it's like a lassy come home, right? Was that movie with Liz Taylor the horse movie black view? You might ventilate the liberate heart string pull out. Yeah, it just I mean nobody really cares about Cibis because he raised about a hundred years ago It was a wonderful little horse and a little jockey there who used to be spider-man And he's a jockey any road of bad racially fell asleep at the wire and at one race in the guys bitching him out the trainer And blah blah blah, you know, I've seen that promo a million times But you know if they had a movie about secretary and I might see that maybe I'm not you know possible But it's just it's I don't know You thought on saying that we're doing the horse racing person in the first place the heartwarming story of the horror Exactly, I'm just under that crap. I mean, you know, Lassy come up band me stuff like that It's for hearts and flowers people WQM hello Hi, good luck in you. Yes, you're speaking. I got one for the fall. Okay. How about Julie? Yeah, oh, there's the comedy Not put that on there, okay? Yeah, don't put that on there. That's just the guys just to you know trying to start the way you quit a few yucks Yeah, yuck all right Man yuck is the word to both of them Ben offlock and Jalo and then they can they still keep trying to pump that. Oh, I know I know they still like a I don't think there's anybody who cares anymore I think even they care no more that they're publicity people heard it Oh, now they're split as official who cares don't just go away. Don't go away mad. Just go to hell away WQM hello Yes, sir. I got a good one for you. All right The man though. Hey, the man to his sensational and See why not why do you do a pair? That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. It's my what he say snatch. Maybe that's what he's just thinking about my man tone. I don't forget the Easter eggs right How many people do you think really if they never heard us talking about that people? And they don't know what we're talking about 30 people know from the Easter eggs. Nope, and I still think it's some kind of a county pinkal conspiracy to drive us all nuts the Illuminati They they cooked it up the builder burgers. I think done it 5 670 5 60 p.m 5 60 on the 18 moment though is great But like I said watch it you can watch it as backward which is the way it really is on a movie on the disk But then if you check out the Easter eggs you'll find out the little things you have to punch in there to watch in chronological order Just if you don't if you're forgetting how to do that just write it on your wrist and Who's Teddy WM Yes, I beg your pardon. Yeah, how about cruise and write up your alley? Yeah, I got something up your alley too. I don't asshole WQM Oh boy, yeah purpose QA and hello Yes, sir. I got one for you. Go right ahead Enemy at the gate That's the Jude long ago. Oh, yes, okay? Excellent. Thank you. Did we didn't put it on yet? No, yeah, well, we did know because you got a recomand from our audience Good all the way to the end good. That's oh See that's just another shot of Magnolia you are really you are such a hard-ass perish Big art bitten. Yeah, no, it's just it's pathetic. I don't know what it is you want What we're moving so we can't go on forever. It's a three and a half hour movie hours and 12 minutes or something it just can't go on forever It did end now and I'll say it again Fargo which I was okay and I love what it made you see is great But Fargo the innies like you're watching ends very And I love the the Cheryl look a like cop, you know, he's funny She was great Francis McDorman right she was phenomenal and the movie is very enjoyable and very interesting and a Twist and turns and then all of a sudden it's like Like it's all It resolved everything Every sort like but I mean like that at least it resolved like they were when I'd like me We were on a run on a film wasn't like they just didn't cut back to somebody and Then they just never went back to them. I'll tell you one thing what you made me see was so much better Magnolia than he wasn't fargo. It's not even a kind of I don't know, but it's just you know he was you just like to cause it Man you are obsessed WCW and hello The life of what the life of David Gail never heard I what is now last year What's it about This for life from movie dedicated fly-foss for people life Okay, well put that down whatever it is. I have no idea what that is Where is that checker look at up to see if it even exists? Oh, come on He's not just gonna make up the name of something like that like the life of Jason Gail or something like that Who still doesn't know is a raceway by the way? How big are you part? Huh? 5605050 Pomp 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless loud. Let's get listed about a whole bunch several thousand 30,000 flex people keep all your people off the streets real busy It will make good for business that your Hollywood video and other nearby video and DVD stores that don't edit the movies So in other words to make a long story short stay away from shockbuster, okay? Okay anybody in this audience that still business with blackbuster We're gonna send Luca Brazzi and favorites to your house and beat the crap out of you 32 AM hello Pretty good Chicago was like very highly talented men. Yeah, it was the next one movie. Okay. Yeah Thanks, paley. I wish I could okay. I wish I could too But wow don't you wish you could yeah, I sure wish I could Actually, I know what was that song the big song from Chicago? I don't know oh come on a big hit song from the movie cabaret Yo This is recently you know you always talk about me being an old funny daddy. I don't know your music I don't know my musicals You don't know your music because you don't have no That's your thing that shows any videos that you're problem go to Europe and you'll see all the guy damn good music That's your realm the music what's that music? I don't I hate musicals. I can't you think I saw Chicago? No, but there was a video from there with the with the Christina Agalera and with the people on Rouge Yeah Well, I'm really Marmela that that was from Chicago. No, yeah, she was from Chicago My also the movie on Rouge Chicago same crappy other all musicals who don't want to see that Don't know for me lady Marmalade boy that Christina Agalera. I seriously Do you know that they have signs On cheese factories with her picture on it like with a wanted poster No, no seriously She is not allowed within a hundred yards of any cheese factory in the North America 27 and her and a parasolton through same same bitch I cannot stand needle nose skanky little bitches. Oh, man, and you know who's a little like that You're gonna get very upset when I tell you who that because you like her a lot Who Kelly Rippa. Oh, I like that same kind of pinched out. Huh? She's got a little needle nose But I like her she's a dude although she has an Audi so that she's on and raises readers since she farts a lot Well, that's endearing hey horse racing fans and poker players Pompano park racing and car room has got all the gambling action that you're looking for just to have mine from both I-95 and the turn pipe pump it up arc is easy to get to Investible Pompano park features free admission and free general parking everyday live hardest racing in the book room five nights week not Tuesday or Sunday rich It works not on Tuesday Every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon till midnight and live racing gets underway at 705 p.m. Five nights a week Every Monday night like tonight at two for twenty five dollar dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor Every Wednesday night is dominated to track for draft beer so does hot dogs and more every Thursday is ladies night with two for one drink specials and also every night of the fourth four players lounge There's a 795 pleaded dinner special coming up tonight. It's the next free spaghetti dinner No, that's not right. That's the next. Oh, so good thing I didn't do that. Oh, oh You're that careful you didn't hear me say that coming up next Monday. Remember the second is the next free spaghetti dinner night You want to miss that market on your counter market on your wrist right now make a moment though this Friday And I look at that. This is the wrong copy damn it. Oh, I know and it's it's not the wrong copy I'm just planning ahead. Sorry dick. Sorry Steve just calm down The next Friday we come to Friday February 6 p.m. Pompano park will be celebrating its 40th anniversary with a special night featuring live Musica give away free prize-drawn family fun night and tea card display tons more stuff going on Evil Ollie Hennessy might win a race, but I doubt it Pompano park also open for simultaneous nights a week featuring the best in a harness thermart high-eye action from all across North America feet of watching plunger guts on Pompano park a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on powerline road To the current race schedule go on web at pompano park dot com or call 954 972 2000 plunger lungs post time tonight 705 at pompino park I love this is for 20 by 60 Month CBS television proudly presents 16 average Americans are abandoned in the middle of one of the most unforgiving places on earth It's survivor come to who will survive the drive by bokeh And the two tribes of who should that is in my baby daddy's Company for the immunity bling and not get voted off the hood Violet by a two-and-a-half white man on CBS don't forget positive use the new show tonight with Matt Dredge clear factor 32 at five sixty w to Q a m Roberto says monsters ball is a great movie slay version of Halley Bury and one could only dream Says Roberto very good movie is it yes, you've seen it have it on it. You've seen Arlington road. Yes Very good movie and right back as in says the greatest ending of a movie. I have ever seen of that up there It's a good up there. I've seen many like that. No, it's a it's like a one of the most surprising Never-side coming ending really ever. Yeah, have we discussed this before? I don't think so you Don't you would like our it's a it's a mental It's a mental movie. You got to have a brain to unstick it right over here now right after the show. I'm gonna go grab it And a better be damn good Here's the fact that says O'Dany the video was your last night suck up to Michael Douglas was a little bit Even talked about the booze Michael Douglas rambled on and on and uh, he just I mean, you know He's all right, but he's just I don't Something about him bugs me, you know His height no, no, I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about the way he looks But there's just something about him. That's a little like Howard Dean I like him, but he's a little bit off. Do you understand? No, it's hard to explain. I can't put my thumb on it nor do I want to Oh, he's now he's campaigning with the wife bad move just when he looked like he might be making a little bit of comeback I said change I think what he have to ask why it's not just that John Kerry's doing well I see they're talking about the electability. This is what's on the mind of the electorate. Okay, please Please keep that in mind. I don't people get very emotional They get all whipped up behind a certain person who you know touches the right buttons and rings their might bills But electability we can't afford four more years of this fascist regime Anyway, then either be to was there sucking up to a mic maybe that's why they had him there with Michael Douglas because he was a lot shorter He copped who is knee and Locked Michael Douglas had to do with cook was nice that he produced that we see the I mean directed producer Something he was involved and I forget how yeah because he was talking about the fact that it was his dad who saw the script and discovered an old great Who could make it last that because he was a little shaky. I also was his dad wanted to be in it And I think it was a son Michael that said no Jack Nicholson will be better And he was he was can you imagine Kevin Kirk Douglas and No, I'm not a Can see her feet no no Kevin Spacey Danny to video film the big gohuna. It says that has made the public popularity of American duty, but it's a great film the big gohuna I thought it was Robbie young was the big gohuna See stand corrected did you see the big gohuna? No, look at it on that list right away Maybe we go on have to get it go on. Maybe somebody will have to steal it for you 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line What was the absolute best movie not 10 not 100 not 4000 of last 13 years 1990 to right now Lord of the Rings return the king 35 the Shahshank redemption 27 saving pride riot Riven 24 my cousin Vinny 19 Ben Gary Glenn Ross 18 Boy for Columbine 14 office based 13 chindler's list of dozen Sounds at a lambs nine. I'm surprised sounds at lendson do better at you To tough list Forced dump eight yet stuff all right Requiem for dream six brave heart four magnolia four American beauty four usual suspects four Good fellows three hey good fellows only has three young Miguel His taste is in his toosh except his wife From what I hear Hmm I hear he's got a lovely wife Miguel as a lovely pregnant wife and why not fight club three power city Caribbean three casino two payback one blow One one person out there likes blow Momento one Chicago one is that the one was a lady Marmalade. Yeah, and What was that in Chicago? Amulam Rouge I don't know yeah, what do you talk about things about Chicago? You better get with it. I never saw it glad eater and a see-mask it and enemy at the gates and the life of David Gail and life of David Gates and cold mountain and Arlington Road and Monsters ball in the big corner each have the big oh so far to 220 where we're just getting this sucker put together now just relax Just hop on it W QA and hello Without perfection everybody say part fiction nobody said that is that what you was that three Said I was a 94 I think you got it. Okay, thanks hated I hated pulp fiction was just nothing but It done revolt and a bunch of gratuitous senseless violence, but you know they put on their french fries and Amsterdam and in Holland What do they put on their french fries? Me and I How a man Speaking of bad I Keep talking about how the food really sucks while there's a lot of people a lot of things that suck and Amsterdam some of them are actually Never yeah, but the food is so awful Maybe that's why they're so big on the french fries and they walk around man with these big huge paper Things full you know Yeah, we're talking about yeah, like like cones or something. Yeah, like that's right like a big paper cone Fill with fries sounds yummy Man real salty. I never I know well, that's what I'm told I never had one And they have mayonnaise and they got that brown sauce tasty. I think it's brown sauce. I'm gonna get from channel 4. They got that. I don't know Cuz some people told me they taste like crap. WQA and hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm pretty good. How are you? I'm good. I'm good So I hear you go to and and for the tulips and not the pot Yeah, yeah, not your wow That's how it's really good right now tulips WQA and hello Speaking yes, yes speaking. Let me say it again The movie that comes to mind that I watch our time no matter what it seems is as What was it you cut out? That jack As Yes, it's good as it gets Yeah, Jack Nicholson was that one was Jack Nicholson? Exactly. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, pal. I get a new phone, please as good as it gets to it that's what you're doing a bell with me. No Does that ring any bells? No, oh, I'll be down as good as it gets I think Jack Nicholson was a one-and-and-and-and it's with Helen Hunter something I think oh That's all that yeah, I love Helen. Oh, she's great. That was actually a good movie. What's it? Honey and I know you of course Oh, was she yes Helen hunt? Yeah, ever see Helen hunt? All the time how about device president? Five six that orders Ram a manual from Illinois who said by Kinn and Iowa was impossible for him to make a stand after Iowa Everybody how good out of here is a hock and with Wesley Clark now your how many chances Wesley Clark has got slim and none All right, I know I could be wrong about that the Clintons are behind him. They got their finger up his behind They're pushing hold in under a card. They're pushing stool real hard 5 6 7 0 5 60 and I really say that pound 5 60 on it. I just have any cool here It's always a good excuse to never mind the weather and take it a lot of people like all these cold the medications and everything She can basically say whatever you want Lord of the rings return to the king. I don't think they're gonna top that I did you see that one is that the latest incarnation? Yes, and oh, that's the one that won the award last night right? It's flawless is it really it's the most spectacular look and piece of movie making I've ever seen in my life really yeah Based on special effects based on all of it best good I think the story I mean the story is great of course as you know and Very well like what do you need to say no? What is all the secret about the books all these years the book? The books have been selling since the 20s. I mean right about the Harry Potter Don't get well, that's the point 20 to 150 Q a Wait Is Howard the television commercial take 47 and That's it. Hi, I'm Governor G Thank you, I'm gonna we have to stop you there. What is stop is boys? I know we had a problem with the ladies. I'm sorry. I'm fixing it right now. Yeah, you better fix it. Come on. Let's go. All right, Governor Howard Dean Television commercial. This is take 48 and Action high I'm Governor King and I'd like to talk to you about it Hey, what is going on? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I trapped something really please. You have to be careful. I'm sorry. Jesus Sorry Governor this is all right. Well, let's try it again, okay? We'll get it this time. We'll get it this time I maybe want to keep the thumbs out of here. This is Howard Dean television commercial take 50 and Action high I'm Governor Dean and I wanted to talk to you about He's knees He has a cold for the love a maple syrup get a Kleenex He's sorry. Yes, I fully will you come on? I don't have all the time in the world here. I gotta get to Iowa. All right, all right. Here we go This is Howard Dean television commercial take them a 51 and Action high I'm Governor Dean and I wanted to talk to you today about what's going on in America Hey, who's running for the White House here? You are me We have to get into the blacks in the Browns. Yeah, how many blacks and browns are there for months? All that white rich man on skis I'm going to talk about blacks and browns. All right, next thing you want me to talk about Indians What do you want you want to feather in these? Was it that it is? Calm down, please. Let's let's knock this out now. This is Howard Dean tell them as you can Resume you'll think of a 51 and Action high I'm Governor Dean and I'd like to talk to you about America You know What is what we what is going on here? God oh, I'm sorry push me push me first Who you guys working for bush? Fire this we'll get it this time we apologize if I here one beep you see this one block then Yes, it's gonna go right you're I All right, I don't want to hear anything just clap your clap board and just back away I let me do it all right Hi, I'm Governor Howard Dean and I think you talked to you about America what American needs? Where America is going? Where is this commercial going? I get some direction here until the same thing. What did I say? Don't you say anything can we bring hey See the pen can I no talking I think we've got it Top 46 14.01 and five 60 QMP peppy says white Gilbert's grapes was a good movie Okay, I'll take it away. I like to per way said I need some action Oh Leo oh my god Leonardo DiCaprio pull off a stellar performances is also Oh Boy where they like got more than one Here's what it says my vote of the best movie last 13 years the player great ensemble canceled multiple complex inter-twining stories Best modern criticism of Hollywood that still applies today the player sounds awfully familiar Yeah, you wouldn't like it because it has both woopy goldberg and lia love it in it The Trinrodans movie about Hollywood. It was very good Who's the Trinrodans robber robber robber's it's just how can you forget Bob Roberts? Let's get that on their 1992 it qualifies good movie Never side you ever saw Bob Roberts. I never saw Bob Roberts. I got it right here I got my hand right now. I'll lend it to me. I'm Bob and on it Here's what it says and as a huge Star Wars fan I would love to say either the Phantom and this or the attack of the clones, but I can Which means they sucked hard What is shame? Yeah, whatever. I mean Star Wars was fine. You know the 245 episodes was great and after that enough already That's not what he's up. How's that little shrimp to him? But he's got a wife, you know who's that? The little Star Wars guy towards Lucas not George Lucas Luke Skywalker The Luke Skywalker. Look at Skywalker. No, what else is name mark handle mark handle What's the member he may have got that bad reckonis vet and I love the face all night long long time ago Don't know about his wife. He's got a wife which shocks a lot of people 5670560 pound five 60 on the 18 until I did all those stories, no, I know him. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, how about the matrix? The matrix now we're talking now part which what which part? The first one of course. They messed it up after part 2. Okay, like they always do. Okay. Thanks, pal I made quick so now is what is that called is it just just the matrix All things actually a good part to blue Well, I'll take your word for it. That's definitely not my kind of movie. No, definitely Lord of the Rings return of the thing in the king 40 saving private Ryan is God Sharshan cradempts it is also God You believe that You're in the Ross has got 19 My cousin Vinnie still got 19 been stuck on 19 a long time I guess we ran out of Guitos That's all we had 19 Guitos right only for colabine 16 office face 13 silence of lamest 13 shim was list 13 for his dump 12 You see this is what makes me upset about America about the world I live in the planet Let's go to Mars right now impact Forrest gump has got 12 good fellows is directly in for dream has got seven good fellows six in Magnolia five did American beauty five okay, right I mean what kind of a I don't want to say what kind of a person thought that forest gump was the best movie I guess somebody doesn't go to a lot of movies Maybe that's the only one they saw if you ever think about or or someone with the IQ of four is gone for his dump But could be oh you mean the bush people Forrest gump 12 brave hearts seven recommend for dreams seven good fellow six Magnolia five Usual suspects five American beauty fine Pulp fiction four fight club four power to the Caribbean for casino three only one for blow As good as it gets is go one I think Jack and Kostom was in that one with Helen Hunt With Helen's hunt Payback one gladiator one The是不是 get one and after that small potatoes here's the one that says oh again see biscuit favorite movie last 10 years can't be called ever watching a movie and have the entire theater I applaud it Wow, I have What was that what movie was that? Lord of the Rings for one They applauded the movie sure see to me that's that's tacky. I was it's tacky You'll go to a movie like that. I mean I can see sometimes in a movie. There's a scene in the audience because of Audible response like oh, you know like oh Especially in the tamaract where there's no refunds that was after a shameless list They said oh Boy<|fi|> away it says the life of David Geal is an outstanding film and see we're saying I don't even think it exists mister never heard of it With a very unpredictable and shocking ending a shocking ending a Must see stuff heaven's facey Kate Winslet who finally got away from Leo long enough to do a good movie And Laura Lini you won't be disappointed the life of David Geal. I'm putting it on my pile okay sounds well Kevin spaces in it can be all bad I'm writing it down now and then we'll be in the closet around During that movie because I think that in Glenn Gary Glenn Ross who is like kind of underscited He didn't have time to think about it because he was taking so much crap from everybody in the York He was busy he would definitely take it in the office WQAM hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you sir? Pretty good good enjoyed your show for years. Thank you. I Would like I know you just had a full fiction to list and I'd and I believe Stalin's the lambs came out like nine year 91 I don't think it was after 93. Well we we extended to 90 because of Glenn Gary Glenn Ross So we restrecks it out 90 to 2004. Oh, you just throw me off me. What are you doing to me? You're killing it. That's okay It's okay Okay, you too well he's driving Hey at least he's driving like keep us on a straight and narrow path here. You know so I don't have a bunch of All kinds of glitches on his pull here like somebody trying to tell me that the moolong ruse was like Chicago I would swear that that was in Chicago those whole thing was about you I mean I want to don't first of all when go to a movie like that because I don't go to musical I can't stand music believe that moolong ruse is about the club in Paris though Yeah to my understanding perish Chicago perish Illinois perish helping Well, what is moolong ruse has to do with Chicago then nothing you're wrong Okay, you're wrong. It's about Christina Agalera yeah And Madonna away who are Christina Agalera that what's that thing is pizza place in Chicago Where she's go all the cheese in the middle of the night. Little seasers No, no, were they make the real thick pizza? You know your Chicago menu but there for like at least 10 hours yeah Thanks Disney you cheap bastard you you cheap skate your miserable drug and Irish menu God Everybody hates that Mike Disney and then the coast goes up and it ain't not a joke anybody believe that no I don't think the other stations should know the key queries have an nervous breakdown over that book Why anybody would pay attention to that last book God you gotta be a moor on Am I right? Absolutely even mo with those numbers and no anybody knows he ain't got squad even he knows that Don't forget in the one o'clock hour first order of business will be that Michael Mayo column Okay, well trembles and so do I good column Mike good Jewish boy Mike Mayo who belongs back on the sports pages, but he's trying hard But two three times he oh and yesterday what the hell was the show I was watching and they had Dave Barry on the panel Who had he didn't say anything even belong there was some political discussion oh boy And Dave Barry was on the panel life. I looked at him and I thought to myself everything that's wrong about Stuff Florida is sitting right next here when we do the poll for who's the biggest net-ish you ever saw oh my god He makes Bill Gates look like Hercules WQAM hello Hey, are you doing nail pretty good sir? Good So about oh no piece or I'll put Chicago first. That's the one right. That's one of them right. Hi. Yeah, listen How about training today Training day training data movie. Okay. Okay. I'm a good day You two dog what do you say dog you see that it was it was a good enough movie You had a my train to body ridiculous ending train spotting yeah What about it you're gonna put it on there. I'm not gonna watch it. I'll put snatch on there before put trains spotting on there you'll put snatch on the train Or will it be spotting match on the train yeah Snatch a train well, so I what do you mean you put it on before these people are making these suggestions? Okay, and I'm making suggestions put a mine there. Don't like give us a word on there See this is the problem when you deal with a million hard as little spick yeah a global oven spick who said train spotting I did oh You don't think you're the one that was always said tell me I had a rest of it. I thought you had it. Oh Oh Get your head out of that. Oh, man just and it gets worse He had his arm and there up to his guy name armpit you missed the best scene That movie was the pit. I don't want to even hear about it It's sitting in my cupboard at my cabinet right the other room so he creps in the bed right I don't want to hear about crap. I watch channel four if I want to see crap Okay, I don't want to see crap. I'll empty diarrhea Even my mother would be embarrassed by that and she's just dying to see crap especially in her bowl But it's all the things she's like rods them all up right Yeah, and then he's going down. I don't want to hear about it. Oh Jesus everybody's having press so why don't you want to put that on there? Oh, we can put it on there Of course I want to put it on there. I was just being a hard ass. Yeah, that's usual sure why not Lord of the Rings we turned the King 42. I'll let you in the top five here saving private Ryan 31 Sharks rank redemption is still got Glenn Gerry Glenn Ross 22 and in fifth place right now my cousin Vinnie is finally got 20 readers like that 256 at five 60 WCM for get Mike Mayo. I won't I'm serious. I'm serious. I think I won't let you even setting aside the thing about The Michael Moore bowling for colabine that everybody should be forced to watch that Yeah, everybody should have been forced to see that peace on 60 minutes on Saturday about how they're right see because when you're living in the middle of it You assume the whole world is that way with the religious nuts and they're not And they're just they they can't get over it. They're like and hearing and Canada the same thing They can't believe the American obsession with Injecting their religion into like everyday life and into politics and the politicians talk at about God this and God that And start all this crap with these prayers. It is totally unacceptable Absolutely positively in mind boggling So thank God we have no religious fanatics in America 1256 at five 60 WCM no matter what you believe welcome in the Chinese New Year with Emerald Coast From now through February 8th you are an Emerald Coast for its traditional Chinese New Year specialties The holiday specials include roasted duck Suckling pig sweet and sour fish and an assortment of Chinese dumplings served every evening during New Year's celebration With each meal every child receives a traditional Chinese New Year lucky charm And if that's not good enough Emerald Coast is better to regular buffet the lights of course as well Start off with any or all of six different kinds of soups dozens of succulent entourage like New York strip made order And the sizzling Asian grill New seafood sainjoc oysters on a half shell a less than stone crab middle neck clams jubbo shrimp Scampy every night and then try the handcar primer of their new Thai specialties to you'll ever walk out of Emerald Coast with a pounding Troubling MSG headache because guess what they don't use any MSG no cornstarch No crap they cook all other goodies only in cholesterol free or else to the feature full salad bar New sushi bar first room cocktail and after all of these things if you still buy some miracle I room for dessert. They got a great desert station too featuring Belgian waffles and pies and cakes Pastries ice cream without your favorite toppings and fresh food too Emerald Coast if relocations for you in South Florida sunrise there are pie line load of 44th street Collins Avenue just over the 163rd street north by me beach and at the intersection of Flomingo and Pembroke Rhodes and prestigious Pembroke Pines so take the entire family the entire orifice with your for business luncheon and let the folks at the Emerald Coast do the quick and for you Take out and deliver your available to call 954 5 7 2 38 22 That's 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet You'll you'll you'll it's the one to two hour yeah boy Eventually I lose some weight someday She said I'm really just leaving my ass through the door I miss your I look in my pudgy Who will the stop eating is going on like I You want to know by now I'm a sugar's the house Just look at the fat on my tummy Oh You Oh Yeah kind of a porcupine look at his face last night. He was there. I think Billy Jorn believe I saw him Yeah, well, he didn't hear I was he doing me he's a celebrity is he I see and a recital was there. I'll say it again was he idol He was I wouldn't do none Reservoir dogs 1982 quintent here in Tino Yeah, it's on there we put it on they talked about that 80 million times you seen it yeah, and yeah very quick. Okay very quick to need Sharks rank redemption is so overrated says this fact. It's totally simple as movie wow Poor guy who didn't do it goes to prison but banging crooked warden escape. Oh, it sounds like moly that would that the opian Anthony thing Everybody lives happily ever after it blows so freaking pretty people. It says if every person prison ever made every prison movie Remain was headed down to an up-less charge rank redemption. Thank God. I didn't watch it at very Galactoization you'll never get it back. That's why I only gave it an adequate it's not a lot of surprises And this is my favorite fact of the entire year even though it's only the 26th Good Michael Mayo column in the sunset and local section And anyway That Michael Mayo column. Oh, what I do with that I think our loss though here it is. I mean, I only times that I mentioned I was gonna read that today about Yeah Sure it was deliberate. I see. Well, well, thanks for the chocolate was good Michael Mayo writes in yesterday's scum Sentinel Is it appropriate for a fundamentalist preacher to screen potential judges by asking if they're Godfaring individuals And is it appropriate for a self-ascribed prayer warrior someone who says this country was founded on Christianity To even be on the state committee that nominate local judges Welcome to governor jambusias florida Old fashion fire and permestone is in notion such as separation of church and state are out Last month we had governor bush dedicated the nation's first faith faith present race prison the Lotty correction on substitution by saying I can't think of a better place to reflect on the awesome love of our Lord Jesus Then it'd be here at lot eight correctional Jesus Christ good loty miss whatever Almost 800 inmates will try to rehabilitate your prayer and religious studies Now we have the case of the Reverend o'Neill dozier found where the worldwide Christian Center in Papua o'Beach Who's asked judicial candidates about the religious beliefs while serving on the 17th judicial circle Surkit judicial nominating committee I think no there was a judicial circuit judicial nominating committee You don't have to be a rocket scientist right political scientists and others something just not kosher about this my say Water Blake another member of the braward jans he said he saw nothing wrong with those You're asking candidates if they were Godfaring said Blake I think it's an extremely important question because it has to deal with values I think you can also ask a person whether we go to church on Sunday or sinning God gone Friday nights I'm what about atheists? Somebody might be an atheist and that's fine and somebody might be a slomic and that's fine That's their god Blake said would it discourage me from approving that person absolutely not an atheist Might have more values than a person goes to church Which just proves that the question is irrelevant? I'm deeply concerned said Todd around of it say mommy attorney past president the Florida bar the governor should immediately appoint an impartial commission To review the conduct of JNC member dozier in order to ensure the integrity of the process By his own quotes he indicates he has no concept of the separation of church in state But Bush's general counsel at rock-held rat regas Last week stated that those years place on the committee is safe In response to a letter from state representative Dan Gilbert Rodriguez wrote that the nominations process in the 17 circuit is fair and appropriate and that dosia as assured me He will not ask such questions again She said that no judicial candidates formally complain on Friday dosia said I'm not talking about the JNC anymore I want you all to leave me alone just get off my back. Who are you trying to satisfy now the homosexuals? The liberals because they don't like me. You people need to quit homosexuals who said anything about homosexuals Antaggy Antaggy red Rick is part of dosia's routine and religious conference last year He called homosexuality something so nasty and disgusting and makes God one of vomit Pushing down the church state wall is another he's pregnant a soup off of obituary If he can't invoke Jesus name during benedictions at commission here at meetings Dosia has the right to believe what he wants but why would anybody want him on a government committee Dosia who has a lot of degrees been on the nine member committee that screens potential judges and Browards in 2001 When if they can see an eventurizes the committee interviews candidates and forwards the list of three finalists of the governor who makes a selection The processes become more worrisome since the governor got final say over all jnc appointees in 2001 Before then the Florida bar and the governor each appointed three members and that group in turn selected three others But now the governor can pack the screening committees and the bench with like-minded souls Who knows what agenda is there pushing behind the closed doors of deliberations? I'm feeling something today, but I'm not sure if it's God's his Michael mail Very good I mean I need that right for us and some hearing something today, but it's sure not God Got it. Sorry my Christ good it all up in the last line. Well good column And keep in mind 44% of you morons out there to Jews in the state of Florida voted for Jeff Bush Brother James Talk about a death wish. Maybe those are the Jews for Jesus. That could be Jews for your scheme Okay, get back to our poor place because I'm almost right out of voice. I think I did pretty good Not will turn it over to George He was the absolute best movie the past 13 years 1993 which one which one of these or some other ones? Lord of the Rings return to the king 45 it must be sensational it is would never see it Thought twice saving for well you made up for me saving private Ryan 32 tad with the shoshank redemption 32 I hear it's just like a rehash of all the other prison movies Yeah, half fiction 26. Glenn Giri Glenn Ross Glenn Hill 23 my cousin Vinny 22 morning for coli by 19 silence the land 17 office phase 15 Now is that when you said you seen I saw it at the end not bad. It's a comedy and it was cute Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna rave about it. It was fine. Shindler's list is tied with forest gump And quite frankly because every five of our numbers was so often fine. I think about Shindler's list I always think about forest gump in a same breath 13 good fellas 10 American beauty is only got nine. That's criminal. Yes Braveheart eight usual suspect eight. Requiem for dream only seven it's been stuck on seven a long time Man, you taste is in your twist folks Magnolia only five wow wow wow wow and you want it a while you don't think and most people have seen you to one of those correct Am I right you right and why I don't know Well Magnolia can understand Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Casino for power to the Caribbean for fight club for matrix three gladiator three the big Kahuna's got a pair Payback one and everything else is uh even see this gets only got one thank god. I'm just I'm not in those core ball movies man You know why a lot of people haven't seen Magnolia why's that cuz it's cool on Magnolia Nobody's gonna run out like maybe some fat chicks run out to see movie called Magnolia I see so in other words men won't go see Magnolia What you see you know how the you know how the you talk about office space how about on that's a great name from movie Wow, it's a gay ass flower men are gonna run out to go see movie named upra gay ass No, no, it is a gay flower. I mean if it was named pansy I could understand right same same difference if it was called blood and guts Dejure than that run on see it. Yeah How about if it's called Braveheart? That sounds pretty corny to me. It's a little gay sound entitled Yeah, I'm not gonna work. Is that how they gave him that is that milk? Give us a little What's his name that's me. Oh, don't tell him man, but it's violent bloody gory guts good and Braveheart hopefully some of his lot of guts. Oh, yeah You see mine. Thank you. I'm the true What was it But there's we don't put it down. No, sure. That was That's it. We're not putting you on there even if it's a good one. Why didn't put that on there? It's okay We liked him carry right? Yes, he's kind of scary, but not like a John Kerry or anything good about that movie and certainly not like how it means why Boy she is wow No, not to it WCWM hello Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going pretty good? Good good. I get one of these stupid phone lines that You're phone rings like 20 times and in a disconnecting I call back and this is you call this is easy with up Simultimate what's the way you skew the pool and go down more year if you can't get rainman on there Can't do it can't do it paly please No, sorry Rayman 1989 I guess I'm well, I mean we can keep pushing it back and pushing it back with that just the Huh, well, no, I mean we did we did leave the gap we we cut it off at 80 the last pool right See what I'm saying So maybe one day when it's really desperate we'll do a pool like you know from 80 to 90. Okay Okay, like tomorrow. No, I'm just good 560 50560 pound 560 on the 18 team Verizon wireless line mad dog who we had to report was a little bit Tipsy on the sports your last night. I can keep track of which channels or shoes around Don't even tipsy. I don't think that oh I'm glad you mentioned that as a matter of fact. I'm not what that's in here under I know you got it there just relax. There's the joe and bo show. I love that In fact, maybe I'm gonna touch season for jet fans What is it mean to you now on the team struggling? How am I kiss you? I couldn't care less about the team struggling and I want to kiss you Thanks Joe, yeah, you're smarter than Joe days that are the four decades Jim will see these dozen half times I want to give you a kiss. Yeah They're scuggling he's such a moron man. It's just oh god as he dump He could you play, but he's sure a moron From on it's after one at five 60 and of course he was a little bit He's so maybe the mad dog was just honoring old Willie Joe will it Joe's willy And maybe he's tried to emulate him on the channel 10 last night Hey, if you're in a very happy dead-in job underpaid well, maybe See this thing with new years. I'm gonna cross that out don't you think could you please? I just am tired of the Todd Dreck not one or right a new copy's making a fortune. I'll follow these accounts You're a robber Todd all you are as a you're a grave robber. Wave wapa you're just stealing whatever They give you on that check man. You're stealing it anyway if you want to change your life and get yourself a real career and a real paycheck And get away from that god for second place put your plans in action this year by calling our friends at fast train Call one eight six six fast train Class is started this month so they're going on right now as I speak So if you're committed and dedicated fast-ranking up you'll be coming a certified computer professional in just four short months You heard me right in just four short months You can change your life for the good the demand for certified computer professionals is it an all-time high and Fast-rain offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes job placement assistance financially for people to qualify to All it takes is one easy call to get your life Go in and write direction call a fast train today. Check them out on the web first if you like it fast train.com and then make the call one eight six six Fast train whatever you do don't miss the opportunity this year to hop on that fast train one eight six six fast train Sports radio five six The For how One seventeen at five sixty wqm here somebody says I'd like to see just Ellie confidential is my favorite movie the past decade also it says I'll both for Dave very a thousand times is the worst of my amy if you had a poll about it he's a total asshole who thinks it's high comedy that South Florida's run by a bunch of corrupt no speaking English fascists okay well it is and he thinks it's funny really funny Dave sadly is one of people to surprise he's wrote tech and he's an idiot never said anything funny in his life ever and his columns are in newspapers around the world syndicated tragic but then again so with somebody else we know uh beautiful mind somebody says how can we have gotten this far out of the show in one o'clock hour because we don't have beautiful I that must be it I'll get that on there right away and let me say it again watch the whole thing don't be smuck like I was not it's it starts really slow right and it's not what you think it kind of like mo show it starts out very slow absolutely but I'm like mo show it actually picks up some steam later on as opposed to mo show which we chop off as soon as we can absolutely 48 for Lord of the Rings it's a beautiful thing the return of the king 48 nobody's gonna touch it think no shoshank redemption 37 pulp pitch in 36 now those top all the I did see pulp pitch and so I was gonna say the top three I would never see but I already seen pulp pitch in two late pulp pitch in my given a run for number one it might a lot of people like that gratuitous violence and they love hearing about the mayonnaise on the fries in the amt in a thousand and thousand of times saving private Ryan 34 lingering land Ross 23 my cousin Vinnie 22 voting for column by 21 what was that other mat team and we'll be gonna start to say about two hours ago to one of the weekend you can ever think of the name for born identity what is a born identity that's V.O.U.R.N.E. it's good born identity non if you did you see it no I'm good list I watch good you know I only did the other day good that's around with it he's good I know you don't like him cut it on cable but it was a half over side didn't my cousin Vinnie's got 22 bowling for column by 21 well right there that should tell you a lot about America my cousin Vinnie 22 bowling for column by 21 does that tell you what you need to know of course nobody not too many people are seeing bowling for column by and you want to know why because they had a glut and read it or buy it right silence at lam 17 or up his space 15 forest dump and chindlers list and good fellows 14 of peace American beauty nine brave heart eight usual suspect eight requiem for dreams only got seven magnolia god otherwise got six don't listen to juror joking it's just propaganda and he should really get over your anti-semitism he doesn't like the he doesn't like the fact that there's like a fags segment and there's a fact character we may see one of the best segments in the movie what he talking and also to go from laughing which I don't know what I think of his name hardy Johnson it's not already Johnson not even close to already Johnson he's he Jones and for the bartender's Johnson but it ain't already Johnson deputy QA and hello you're sir how you doing pretty good I get one nominated movie okay how about spun spun you heard it yes I have you did I have heard you didn't like it I didn't see it okay well we're great day I got to like that echo we have an echo on it like spun is that like Alan Green spun how are Dean Howard Dean of the nation Alan Green span out of going and he later in the day said well I don't think so really yeah well he you know his advisors his handlers they're handling him they're handling him right out of attention WQA and hello yeah for your poll groundhog day groundhog day there you can't be that right what's not to like man come on have a few yucks putting it on there sure it's your why not I never said WQA I'm hello hey Mr. Rogers yes sir Mr. caller hey it's the don't man don't like I okay I feel pretty good all right I want that to the list face off face off was in 1997 with Nicholas Cage and John Toronto sounds like a hockey movie no I'm just kidding I know you're sure but no excellent what went into directing it and what came out of it phenomenal right okay well we got you down thanks a lot I bought a boy take care good choice there I don't think I've ever heard a movie more universally panned than face off but he liked it okay see you're making fun of that guy he likes so I can make you see it no did I see it no no are you gonna see it get out of it oh like I said probably not now one thing I will say and maybe I'm melving my old in my ancient age but I watched that thing last night a little bit of it the golden globes the hour for me to watch an hour for the word show is just it's my first of all I didn't see any of those movies now one of them not one and I watched it for the movies although you know they show their clips it's kind of interesting but I watched it for the people and I was sitting there thinking to myself see number one it's it's the media again who how them these people and we you know we have to know whether this one's a son of a bitch whether this one is supposedly divorced 45 times and at what do this is that make these people provide a lot of entertainment and I'll grant you that it's just you know it's just a sucked face where they sit around you know painting each other on a pack and sucking up a lot of booze but nevertheless they provide a lot of entertainment there's a lot of work that goes into making a movie I mean it tremendous amount of work that goes into a real good movie and most people don't realize that they just take it for granted you know what I'm saying oh yeah that's why I'm ignoring for example for getting about the ending or whatever hey I just use that that's a bad example uh uh recommend for a dream okay I mean there's so much that when the writing of that story the characters and every every person was every soundtrack and my god it was unbelievable the all the acting and the make right editing because the editing was great in that movie right the asked to ask part was edited best well I could have gone for more I heard it was breast by test but anyway you like Rick andford Green but you won't watch it you your hard-ass people out there oh well we never heard that Miguel saw it he didn't like it well there's proof right there hey right I like this better you know who should be forced to watch that movie your mom rush oh yeah yeah we was getting it a few more actually come on yeah pop a couple more right someone will have to go to parallel for him oh what's the song oh I don't know what of this any man do I have that in here oh yeah I do have that you water one I figure for one with any man and I love any man one man is the only a song but that's whoever she is great even though you don't like that movie I'm telling you folks take my word for a cool out and write back no a little kill a whole day I don't like how to weaken when it's really boring like after the Super Bowl but there's no more football five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM hello go ahead sorry I see go right ahead yeah the legends of the palm no legends of the fall legend of the fall yeah I actually saw that I know that's shocking but I actually saw that was very good thank you legends of the palm I mean the fall okay wasn't legends of palm was not the moment Michael came to the day on that that might be on the oh legend of the fall might be older than nineteen ninety you're looking at it taking a puke at it good movie checkers checking the fact oh 53 for a lot of the pulp fiction is over the second I thought fiction 94 fine thing legend the fall is good pulp fisher will win that's my prediction you'll be upset oh whatever yeah your your pull-in for Lord of the Rings you're in that crap and then the end you're gonna cross but yeah oh good they were good land gerry glad Ross was there there's nothing wrong with them will be not a damn thing flawless I love Shelley man he's the best Shelley the machine Shelley the machine oh god you want to give some of it away by I know you don't know because it's just too good the ending is too good see that's why when you when you have a movie and there's like some mediocre performances like godfather three and that's why everybody rips it ah gee you don't want to see that one and it's unfortunate because it destroys the whole thing but when you have a movie but there's a whole bunch of top-name people right and they're all their performances are all brilliant like network for example look at all the people that were in there right all start unbelievable Robert Duval and William Holden and fade done away and net baity right my god you can't bait it with a stick and a lot of people like you said won't watch it because it's a time thing because now they come to accept this channel seven news they think it was always like this all this hypervettelating hysterical Ricky Tiki Sanchez is on air uh... foaming at the mouth about the news so it's not a big deal of that 26 after one at five sixty wq moth it what is a big deal is carpeting and the those things that call carpets on your voice that a lot of money on them but if they start to get a little bit schmotsie maybe after the holidays they need some cleaning they need to be brightened up here's the answer for you called ride concerts because there are simply the best in the business anywhere in the world of bringing nasty looking carpeting back to life making them look brand new they've been doing it for me my house for over twenty long amazing years their technicians know their stuff inside and out and believe you may they'll even vibrant and color-looking brand new smelling women a fresh your carpets will be dry one to two hours and you'll be ready to rock and roll again so whether it's your area rocks your furniture or pulls for your your carpets please call dry concepts you'll never call anybody else again and when you call dry concepts ask about their stand by list would save you 15 percent on your next carpeting too call them today toll free you'll be glad you did 1 800 24 8 5 7 1 and one think keep in mind you'll be confident of no repulsive no scams at the end of the work because they give you a guaranteed written price upfront before they start the job call them today 1 800 24 8 5 0 7 1 along under their website at dry concepts dot com and lander list talk резie sneaky lazy just so much woman on their corporations they only shower off a special occasions and they flow of everything never rates is you you're ready Oh, what so much up that it's not funny? Oh, fact that it's tragic. There's no way to stop it. There's car bombs and hijackings. These are just a few of their paid with things. The fight over landation has pretty pleasing their denser type world. There's some real violent ritual they wear some people to empty. And I'd say us, they have all your money. So much stuff that it's not funny. There's no Maria Maccassin. Oh, my god, you won't believe what I just did. I don't know if I had like, though, but the last eighth of a hallsmith will look to see my push. Uh-oh. And I like went to take it out and I did pull it out. And I'd draft it. And I don't know like, we're going to hell it all in. Oh, it's in my T-shirt. If it's my box of shorts that I'm sitting here doing the show. You'll find it when you don't want to. Oh, no. I don't want to attach to my, they don't say it. My plug me up a little. Here's the fact that I don't understand. It says math damans rounders and that's a Schmidt. I was at who sent a twist, touch mitt. I don't get it. There's a movie called Rounders. I never saw it. Right. Well, let's put it on there. I don't know. Maybe you say the movie is Schmidt or I don't know. Maybe his name is Schmidt or I don't know. Or Todd. Todd Dreck. Five owners and Alan Greenspan confident lost jobs will be replaced. Right. Yeah, overseas somewhere by much of Indian writing to Chinese people. Or busy spreading that the antivirus. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What was, look at that? 911 Commission holding a 2D hearing in Washington. We're going to find out what really happened. Oh, no. Never. Just like, you know, the person that was complaining about, you know, the fact that David cases, there's no weapons of ice destruction and now blaming it on the CIA. That's old news. The CIA already said they told the Bush mice to be for his inaugural address of 2000 and whatever it was, too. That there was all bad information. It was full of crap. But he still goes on. I know worldwide TV and, you know, still's this crap to the public. Speak in a crap guess who's on CNN right now. I can tell you. They're not there now. We, oh, I mean, I went to Jewelie, Bremen. Oh, if they take it off and go to a high for some or where you get lost. WQAM. Hello. Hello, you know. The name is Alvin. I have a couple of movies for what feels cold. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Oh, man. I love it. Let's see. Excellent best movie is falling down 1993 starring Michael Douglas directed by Joel Schumacher says Keith and Boca. Thank you Keith. We're going to fall down. Okay. How about all the fall down at school, but Carl Maldon before he got that thing in his head? By the way, don't waste your time with what falling down. Oh, Michael Douglas. Yeah. He's been in some good movies. I can only think of one, which one? I don't know. Basically, I think, uh, basically I think was good. Yeah. Like I said, I can only think of the traction. I can only think of two. I've checked that out. I'm going to get a few weeks ago. If it was on just one of those, when it comes on, you can't turn it off. Right. Let's see. How, here you go. It's a good one from Todd and Key Largo. Boogie Knights. Right. How could we forget? How could we forget that packet? Instant classic. Right. Boogie Knights. That was the only good movie that Burrell's ever made after deliverance. Right. Boogie Knights. For none of the lovely and talented, uh, Marky Mark. And he says, Mark's the spot has crossed thesis. There's another movie. Nothing. Yeah. Boogie Knights. Good story. Good acting. Acting is great. And that a lot of laughs all the way to the end. Right. Even his hairpiece look good. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Tomorrow we're going to be asking where do we get free meals now that Burton Jack's closed. WCQA. Hello. 2A. Yes, sir. Speaking. Speaking. Speaking. Yeah. Hello. Do you want to go to a town schmith? Would Jack Nicholson? Right. About schmith. About schmith. Okay. Only one though. Does that what he was trying to say? No, I'll just. You want to put that on there, actually? I think Jack Nicholson was in it. Yes. How many movies in the last five years is Jack Nicholson made by the man? He just pops up everywhere. But he was on his best behavior last night. I know. I always get a chuckle out of Jack, but he was in a very quiet. He doesn't have to really say anything. Always going to do that. You know, they pay him by the breath. Is that what he is? Oh, look at that. The wine house is bowing out to review the pre-war intelligence. There you go. There's the big breakthrough that we all been waiting for ladies and gentlemen. Okay. While all these kids are dying over there. The light houses from the sink of the view. Pre-war intelligence to see if just maybe they were given a bomb or a tank. The TV was in the run spell. It's the only exactly where 30% of them chemical and biological weapons were. Maybe you just didn't lose a carried away. When colon cancer, Powell sat there in front of the whole world of the United Nations and held up the maps and told everybody, this is where they are. We don't want to go get them. Maybe you just like making a lot of crap up, huh? Just embellishing it. Just do we bid. Don't forget the cartoon pictures. Right. 11 points ahead of Howard Dean. See? And all the pens out. So this is one of those primaries tomorrow. If you're optimistic of you're still a Dean person. If you're hanging on desperately. You can look at that dogby and writers, pull and say, Oh my god, he's making a big comeback, old Howard. Yeah. But if you, you know, if you're for somebody else, then my witty election, like maybe John Kerry or John Edwards. Edward's saying to an I could new handshub. Why would he? You know? Right. Something as you wouldn't expect to wall I create there. I'll hold down the Keynes on a Southern. He's from the Southwest. He beat Bush and New Hampshire. And the Republican primary, yes he did. He did. And then he was buried under a mountain of Bush money. But you'll see what's going to happen in South Carolina, man. I'm just telling you right now. Maybe Edward's is the guy, and I think anybody with a brain that has any, any, even cares. How can anybody not care? Unless you just think you have to, you have to be, you know, who, who would not care about this election? Even if you never create about politics before, you think it's boring. And they're all bunch of crooks which they are. The people who are obsessed with. Yeah, they don't care. There's the ball games will always be there, right? Sure. There'll always be a lot of balls. They might, you're as might be gone, but somebody will always have some balls. What's? I mean, can you imagine the political, a stupeless and awareness of that? That was the whole time that building. Uh-huh. The people are still rubbing the OJ blow up, Dalat Knight. Well, Roberts political. And that's the problem. Why don't we don't forget he's got to be gone by election day. I mean out of the control. Oh, how did you QAM? Hello. What about us, Carface? Scarface is excellent. What you was at about 76. What? What? That's ancient movement. Scarface. What do you mean? Scarface. What do you mean? Just bend down. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. W2QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Pali. How are you doing, Pali? Uh, bro, to British and new in the Tom Hanks. And then this like back up. Uh, good small movie. Okay. Okay. Road to British and road to hell. Okay, we got it. And, uh, Packalize. Hi, Pali. Ha ha ha. 560560, pound 560. Hi, Pali. Hi, Pali. On the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Line. Pali, Eliza's Rob. What's he talking about? I don't know. I don't even heard of it. It's good. The audience is kind of spastic there. I like that because I feel like waiting for it. I feel like I'm going to have to do this cold. You know, you feel a little bit out of it. Mm-hm. A little inquire. Thank God for this cinnamon herbal tea. And spite of what George said. The celestial caffeine free herbal tea. So you only wish that you didn't mind having to have them do it. Have the show. Well, like I said, I love that stuff. Ah, man. It's a Mahaya. You know who would say it's a Mahaya? No. Oh, yeah. Howard Dean's wife would say it's a Mahaya. I'm going to play that again after the break. I just, I'm obsessed with that. And I know you are too. She's a hoot. And boy, what a parachane man. Oh, God, is she growtisc. If somebody would have told me that she would look worse than Chelsea Clinton. I'd say you've got to be Schmidt and me man. Nobody. Nobody. Looks worse than Chelsea Clinton. Even Sophia Coppel, a last night with her triple-sized nose. She, I think she didn't get a nose job. The only thing is as opposed to likely dozing the, they enlarged. They added one on. They anchored. They twisted it. They anchored. They pulled it out. So she really sticks out in the crowd. And I'm glad she didn't win because even if she did a great job, she didn't direct it and moving. But we were going to be with you. Whatever it was. Whatever. Whatever. But just in general, principle because she screwed up. Godfather, three so bad. And she waited till the end of the movie. Take a bullet and it says, I figure. I'm glad you didn't get it so fia. No, no, no, no. I know. Try the canoli. Armstrong Toyota of homestead is where it's at man. Locally owned an operated. They've been treating people right. Making great deals for years. They're unbeatable. There are just 20 minutes south of the 836 on US. US want armistralis Toyota of homestead is worth the drive no matter where you are. Because when you go through, you're going to save yourself a lot of cash. No high pressure, no crap. No BS. Check out these great lease prices. An o-fort to coma 2-wheel drive regular cab. You pay just 160 9 a month. An o-fort echo. You pay just 179 bucks a month. How about this? An o-fort sell like a GT for only 209 bucks a month. And with every car purchased at armistralis Toyota of homestead, you'll get free some past and keep in mind these folks with the first dealers and e-read off of your free tires and batteries for life. If you're looking for an SUV, Armstrong's Toyota homestead got a huge assortment of RAF 4's, Highlanders 4 runners, Sequoise and Land Cruises. General manager David Richen is staff will do whatever it takes to put your ass in a new Toyota today. Experience the Armstrong Toyota homestead difference are committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction. Service department is open and we've nights till 8 p.m. the open light can make sure your service work is done great. Convenient located in the US 1 in 293rd street in homestead, but it's only 20 minutes south of 836. So if you're tired of all the BS from those mega dealers who over promised an underliver, then this is the place for you called David Rich. He's the GM at Armstrong's Toyota homestead, Call him a 305, 242, 3247, 305, 242, 3247 for Armstrong's Toyota homestead, Drive a little and save a whole lot on that brand new Toyota. My and local, We're sports radio 560's UAM. What's the pack? And no, a word from Howard Dean's wife. Say tell her, inject a Judas Steinberg, quiet for presidential candidate Howard Dean. You can call me Judy, not judge Judy, that's a different reskite. People are the know, why I'm hardly ever on campaign trail with Howard. Hey, did you get a good look at me in Iowa? I scared a crap out of myself. I make proud for this and I look like a shane of poonum. Stop me if I'm bombarding you with too much Yiddish. Anyway, how he says after I showed up his numbers droppin'. No, I say that's a bunch of mischievous. For those of you who don't to capish the Yiddish, that means crap. How is a good guy? Though he's what you might call a loose cannon. He's got a pretty bad temper on him. I remember one time, on the right kids, left a cap off of the toothpaste. I thought he was going to blow a gasket. The veins popped out in his head and that white spit strings were born in the corners of his mouth. We've had a silver. I spent 23 years with this shagots. Most of the time he's a mench, but on occasion, I hate him. I think my husband, how he would make for a very good president. One of the things I'm a little peo about is that how he doesn't let us have a TV. I've run a bunch of sections in the city. I got a shut down to campaign headquarters or to the Crogors to watch on some tiny black and white set. I have never seen any program in color. So I know Jackie Kennedy. Hell if you look at me, I'm no Ted Kennedy. I don't learn makeup. I'm like a whisker away from being amish. Don't expect to see much more of me during the campaign. The only reason I'm addressing you today is because I was able to chew through my restraints. Anyway, Gazakazon, that's Yiddish for Dr. Judistainberg. Over and out. P4 by the committee to elect John Kerry President. Oh, right. 146, you know the other one that I absolutely love. Almost as much as that one. Yeah, what is this? In an effort to attract younger viewers, C-Span, now offers a brand new reality show, skydiving with Howard Dean. Join Howard Dean, a team chance across the United States, jumping out over some of his favorite states. California. California. Texas. In your life. We're going to go to the North. Florida. Michigan. We're going to watch it in this field. Take back the water. And coming soon, the Washington D.C. Sheriff, Runaway is skydiving with Howard Dean. For marrying this week on C-Span. 147. In the 560. The deck is way up and he's actually figured to come out. It's the best. Anyway, how about the big low-bowsky spell wrong, but nevertheless, all right, it's still haven't seen it. Let's stick it on there. What's the one that you own, my Nman. That was Bean and Boyd. I was telling you. I see that in the sea. Yeah. Okay. Well, I still haven't seen it. And I won't. What's that? I don't know when I was looking for last week. You're in a so damn many of these. I don't know. God. And somebody says, snatch with Brad Pitt. Now did you get snatched on the list? No. That it isn't. It is now. It was snatched. We got the list. It was very good. It says here. First of all, did you know that when you go screenless, which is all this year, and I think next year too, and someone dials the number and when it doesn't get picked up at some point it disconnects with recording from a south and it says bell south sucks. It would like any other service, probably. It would just keep bringing forever, which is what it should do. Right. But with this thing, it's just disconnects. So I make screenless more difficult. Especially I'm lying one. It has like a smart disconnect. But we're just kissing the ground that it works at all because between our engineering department and bell south, we'll take anything, right? Don't say bell south sucks. You like? WQM? Hello? Hello? Yes sir. This is Neil. Neil Rogers? Yes sir. Hey. Hey. Tommy Boy. Tommy Boy. Tommy Boy. He's just idiot. Get outta here. You're an idiot. You're an idiot. You're an idiot. You're an idiot. 560560 was good call. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on. That was Todd Rex Kid. You need... Yeah. Do you like that? Hmmmm. WQM. Hello. Hey, I got another movie from Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, how about a Terminator 2? Terminator 2. Now we're talking baby. Oh, I'm right. I'll see it. Got a Fonya. Terminator 2. Get it on there. See, don't be knocking that guy before. At least it was something different. Yeah, I'm not knocking him. No, I like that. I like something different. You know, the same old hired crap. You know, and then of course Dave Friedman, who denies that he faxes the nice lady. I see a guy saying, hey, I'm telling you. Did he really? Yeah. Well, never, never see it. Never see the light of day. Bye bye, Dave Friedman. Go away. Stop it Dave. Factboy don't want to come out and play. Not even this fat boy either. You know, I'm going to have for lunch today. Fat boy? Spaghetti. Oh. Don't do it. Why? I'm not going to have like a gigantic portion. It's going to moth. You know, bulk me a lot. It's going to spark your appetite. You're going to get a bunch of ice cream. I'm going to spark my appetite. Don't come on. I have no ice cream. I'm not going to get your two solid days on Adkins baby. Two days swimming in 90s. I need to rest. I need like sliced up hot dogs. Slice up weenies in my sauce. Maybe a little bag of yeah. And some nice pasta. That's a good. Would like lots of parmese and cheese on there. Like somebody we know would say parmese and it's the season for parmese and I don't know why. Just I'm just in the mood for that. Now a lot of times I'll say that and never happens. Good. What do you mean good? It's better than going out and getting a bunch of nestle to our ice cream and just shovel it down my throat. I'm going to throw those Rogers almond. What are those almond. Chris and candy. Whatever they call it. No almond brittle. Oh man. Wow. If you want to die with a big smile on your face. Go online. Rogers candies. That's the air. Whatever it is. No brother. I guarantee that dark almond brittle. It'll just send you to heaven. What was the absolute best movie the last 13 years? 1990 to write this second. Okay. How do you deal with it? I'm going to get a lot of good ones. I've got to let this list down pretty peoed about that. Are you Lord of the Rings return to the king? How's your thing? 56 has in queue 56? Pop fiction. Fity. I still think pulp fish is going on by. You don't know. I do. I do. Trash Agreneption 44. Saving prior Ryan 38. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 25. I am so pleased that that's doing so great. I think we can take part of the credit for that. It's all us. Well, you wanted to why say that is because in the past, about some of these movies and not as many people seen it, but since we were in hype in it, they like it. Only for colabine 24, my cousin Vinnie 23, silence the lamb's 23, for his dump 17, good fellow 17, office space 16, Schindler's list 14. All those years I worked with earth Schindler. I never knew he had one. Or a list be there. American beauty 12, Brave Heart 11, and after that, it's all single digits. Requiem's got eight, Magnolia 7. Hey, listen, what can I tell you? Okay, more people need McDonald's than it was Chris, right? Right. Let me see it again. Oh, look at that. It's a multicolor. It's like the new poem. Plad. It's like the new poem. Nice. It's got a tricolored. The documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock did that supersize me documentary film, and it all about him even and McDonald's every day for a month. And at one month he gained 25 pounds. We could have done better than that. And I just can't imagine why there's so many fan slabs walking around. And look what he says is 14, 56. You weigh him. What's the way to sing God bless America and face these and a G-string up here, I'll do it. So, that's who's saying. You know, if a operation desert storm, he don't for me and I rack you leader, and casting his own people. So, we thought it would be funny. If we go ahead and send Daxon, it grabs the down and saying out of his bunker, posing as an army ranger. I mean, the down was saying, what do you think you are? So, that who's saying, you're in for a world of pain, man. What have thought done here? I smell like ice. And one of the bitches would be offended by my stink. What is it? That is because I love you and the infidels are my tales. So, G-Casap you! He's alive! So, it was like acid here. Yeah! That a nice and army ranger. Get lost! Get lost! Get lost! DJ, I want you to tell him that when I put him out of the jurisdiction of the Iraqi government, Coco, Coco, Coco. You're now in the jurisdiction of the Iraqi government. No! No! I Dex. I want you to go and then start takling them. No! No! No! No! No! No! No! I want you to tell Saddam, as soon as we're out of the bunker that we're removing his testicles. Who's saying, upon the air saying, up this hole, your testicles will be removed. No! You can't go through it tonight from coming to right. All right, so down here we go! Oh, boy! No! I don't know. It was such a thing we should start with first, huh? Oh, I still don't mind the fucker. I know it'll get me. Last night, I tell him to know Stameless Hall. And we'll watch him look for Don't Gap. I said you'll never get me. But it's just someone who has to pick up on. Who's like if the finger's too out, is it just guy coming here you? Well, I'm 57 at 5.60W here. A little bit of a friend. Wow. Christina Agalera. Maya. Pink. Little Kim and Missy Elliott. Okay. Lady Marmalade. All right. If I could tell you how much I hate that song. And especially the video. Because when it was out, I was in Europe. I guess it was the summer a couple years ago. And here we are, one of those 8,000 video of music video channels here. But here we go. You're how many times an hour? About 30 minutes. Over and over and over and over. I mean, I don't like that crap in the first place, but Jesus. Good God. And you do. You flip from one to another. And it would be just starting on air. Here too. For no good guy. Every lot on all the different video channels. Like every channel. Comment. The weather channel was a little channel. So the news. Hey, that was about a place in Chicago called Mula Rouge. The word is served pizza. It was about, yeah, the one that serves a big thick crush. You called pizza. A red black man. They moved. And anyway, what was the absolute best movie last 13 years? Now, a lot of them didn't make it on here because, you know, we have a lot of time Yackin' and the, oh, a yuckin' and the Yackin'. Fuck the salt. It's just as small because he's slow. Why is it his fault? I just say that. Just in general, principle why not? Blame him for a lot. Why not? Last 13 years, 1990 to 2003. We got a pretty awesome list here. We got a pretty impressive list. We're building. You got 476 votes. We don't have a Tommy. Lord of the Rings, return of the King. Let's take a look at your thing. 59. Oh, it's speaking of Raymond. Uh, what's his name? Lionel Tate? Yeah. Don't be late. Could he, he's, it might be his date for getting out. He lost a lot of weight. And I'm pretty, I rate. Palmfish in 53 is Trilin' by six. I think it's going to win. Trash ain 44. Saving private Ryan 40. Glenn Gary Glenn Ross 27. My cousin Vinnie 25. Bolling for Columbine 24. Silence Lance 23. Office Grace 19. What is that? Oh, it's a comedy. Yes. Forest Company 18. Good fellow's 18. American beauty 15. Start and move up. Chindler's list is dropping. Thank God. Must be maybe the old user nine good movie. Chindler's list 14. Brave Heart 11. Requiem for Dream is got only nine. Visual suspect nine. Magnolia 7. Power to the Caribbean 7. Casino 5. Glad he ate her. Glad he ate her 5. The Matrix 5. And the downhill from there. Magdog is coming up next. Who is a great guy all the way around. Sometimes he's full of crap like on a Friday. But hey, listen, nobody's perfect. And not only that. That's the sauce man. Bye bye. Bye bye. For any honest, Paul V. Moot.