There's Lady Disha, she's a mother that's used, and she needs to vibrate that is unlethal. Ooh, oh, and she's buying that seven, and then, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Of the better�傷-related- mate. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, seven, and seven, right. If if you feel so 31st of it, it's go hard to keep it in just now. I think I might be a day, so they all, grab my dancers and then pull them down. That's a pretty girl. You still look sharp when we were there. But if you think that we are really bad, She keeps with you so that she'll be sad. Yet we might have we looked at her. Boy, she's sharp but I'll feel better when you're not tight. But you're still so pretty. You're still looking at me, you're still looking at me, you're still looking at me. You're still looking at me, you're still looking at me. Oh, that's pretty much fair stuff. I'm not fair, I'm not fair, I'm not fair. You're still looking at me, you're still looking at me. You're still looking at me, you're still looking at me. No, this is just like a nightmare. A bad guy with somebody who's kind of full of one year, all of me. I don't understand this. Well, if there's one thing I can't deal with, Well, several things I can't deal with, and I refuse to deal with Like when people will send me a message and say, Well, it's happy and healthy new year, right about this time. Happy new year. And my response to that mentally, I don't say anything, Because I just bite my tongue and think, okay, tell me the same thing like January, first of a big good. I just, I can't deal with this. This, uh, all but it's the Jewish New Year, and it's a very holy day, and it's a shame I show no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, in order of Russia, I'm having a pork and ham sandwich. Well, good for you. I'm not just having a nice bacon cheeseburger, a little bit later, and maybe some of us is treat as possible from how he's, yeah. Some, in fact, I already had bacon, so I'm already going to go to hell, although that'll, on your paper when we start eating on your kippet, it'll really be bad. Of course, when you work at WQA, and we already know that every day, it's young kipper when you work for Greg Reed, they can't almost take a bath at that. I just, and I'm not having these, and I'm especially on it, and the people of all of a sudden, very religious on the high holidays, you know, no matter which holiday it is, people who never go to church every Easter or Christmas or whatever. Oh, well, well, well, we're very devout to Catholics or whatever, and we can't show up for work today. Mmm. A good Friday for example. What kind of a scam is that? For some of us, every holiday is a high holiday. Yeah. Well, I know somebody who every holiday is a high holiday. Hi, how are you? Yeah. A jiffy holiday, but that's another story. So I'm at least stirring is pretending to be Jewish today, and he took today also the head of the best. Wait, wait, Rick has a balloon, he might fling it. Oh, Rick, he took you Sanchez. And I know that most of them have fallen in the hallway right there on the street like, covers up there. And they have literally just flowed off as they were. And I would like Rick that guy's supposed to have the money when you were like, you know, you don't want to be a bit more busy with it. But he's going to fly around anymore. This is a line. Something could actually pop. So what we see is a lot of, we have plenty of time. We have plenty of time. We're going to go in one tropical storm, style debris flying all over the place. You mentioned a little bit of a sharp, real start. People are not getting out of my house. They see him in pale. They're like, you know, I'm still under a tornado warning for much of the area. Good reason to be concerned because as you had alluded to, if I don't wait, we're just in case you're wondering the people of San Florida most of us still hate to like poison in idiot. High-cormentalating idiot. But best of luck you'd see it in because at least any one become in back. Anyway, here's the A.D.M. Do we really want to do this stuff on tra hurricane, genie, genie? Oh, let's do something. Genie became a hurricane, the sixth of the season knew the eastern tip of his fan year over this morning. And hurricane warning is now an effect for the eastern and northern coast of the La Repubio-Fedir mini-con, from La Plata, south of Georgia, Isla Sauna. A topical storm warning hurricane watcher in effect along the northern coast of La Repubio-Fedir mini-con, from western portabita, portapla, westward to Monte Cristo. I do like a good mighty crystal sandwich. No, you. That's what I do. Well, those are good. I haven't had one of those in a Koons. I've never had a powdered sugar. Yeah. Hmm. Where did I ever have a really good mighty crystal sandwich? I don't know, but boy, I heard electrical back. Where? Wags used to have them. Wags? Sure. Had money crystal sandwiches, but I don't remember that. Remember, wags had pretty good spaghetti and meatballs. I do remember. I liked flags. Anyway, this area in La Repubio-Fedir mini-con, will likely be upgraded to a hurricane warning lead to this morning. There'll be a lot of it clocked advisory. It doesn't look like we got any problem with it. All I'm sure that the weather ferries are desperately trying to like draw it in, suck it right in. You know, they have a lot of practice at that. Suck it right in and like, bring it, by a voodoo into this soft food area. So you pour bans through it to like even now is letting out recover with electric and whatever. I have to go through it again. Oh man. Tropical storm warning and a hurricane watch remains an effect along the southern coast of La Repubio-Fedir mini-con. I just got your reading that and they were, you know, it's not my bad. It's there, but they were peeding it over, over again. Tropical storm conditions also likely along the north coast of Haiti. A hurricane watch remains an effect for the south eastern Bahamas, including the Actlins, Crocodile in the Inagwes, or is that iguanas, Maya Guana and the Ragadilans and Manitaurus, as well as for the Turks and Cacos Islands. Interest elsewhere in the Bahamas show of should modern the progress of you. It's moving toward the west near nine miles an hour, but a gradual turn to the west north west we certainly hope is expected in the next 24 hours. Next month is the St. Winds near 80 miles an hour and that's about it. What's the pressure? What's the pressure? Minimal and central pressure of 985 milibar, that ain't too bad. It's just, it's girly a hurricane. It's a cat one and it's a, it might become a cat too by the time it gets east of you folks, but Cacos got some very bad news in relation with our poor yesterday. And I guess that was a bad slip of the tongue. Remember the guy called in said he remones as far as underrated rock group and I said, oh, he's still dead. Meaning joy remodel course. Well, little to that I know. Boy, you better never cross me because if I say you're dead, you're dead. Do you what I mean? I'm tired of it. Good. Taurus Johnny Ramon dies at 55. You're right. Right on the day that we were talking about dead Ramones. Johnny Ramon, guitarist in co-founder of the Cemeterl punk band of Ramons that influenced the generation of rockers as die he was 55. Ramon would have been fighting a five year battle with prostate cancer. They'd canceled died in this sleep once the if known as LA homestrowed by friends and family. Said the band's longtime artistic director Arturo Vega. I wonder if he's related to Lou Vega. He was the guy with a strategy. He was the guy who never looked after the band's interest, but also was the defender Vegas and a telephone interview from New York. Ramon whose birth name was John Cummings. I wonder if he was kind of burdened Cummings, you think? No. And then hospitalized in June at Cedar Sinan Medical Center. Johnny Ramon was one of the original members of the Ramons who saw his I want to be sedated and wood-screened Bob among others. Earl Demand induction the rocker will haul a fame and I in 2002. Johnny Ramon co-founder the Ramons in 74 New York along with Cedar Joy Ramon, Vases D.D. Ramon and drummer Tommy Ramon was the only surviving member of the original band. Did you know that? I did. All four band members had different last names but took the common name Ra Ramon. Joy Ramon whose real name was Jeff Heiman. Oh, I wonder if he was related to Bobby Heiman the adating lady. No, Piberdoth. Oh, was she a pin in the ass? Who's real name is Jeff Heiman died in 2001 of lymphatic cancer. D.D. Ramon whose real name was Douglas Colvin died from a drug overdose, a double overdose in 2002. And it goes on. Never even Bruce Springsteen was moved. After Cedar Ramon's and asbury Park knew, Jersey Springsteen wrote, Hungry Heart for the band is managed to help her swayed into Kitas song from himself and it became a hit single. Dada,ada,ada,ada,ada,ada,ada,ada. I can't stand Bruce Springsteen. And he gives me spilkies. He's a screamer, a shouter, a yeller, a wailer. Really? It's kind of like a meal with Thomas Ramon. What about William? William? No,me and Bobby and me he jannished jampelin. Oh, who? Yeah, a screamer. A while, wait don't we have a jannished jampelin? I wonder if that's in here because I have put a lot of stuff in here that's a lot of stuff in here that uh... i don't not that one acn i said i could find it well we got a lot of time to dig around to all kinds of stuff and this is good no pressure would have to run might even take a few calls here today w q i m glacis could after me to you how are you more than far good evening to you sir how you like what i was gracious uh... have you rushes on it nine fifty don't celebrate these as silly as religious uh... you were going holidays and interested but anyway back at the i thought it's a good i received your uh... watches that he doesn't either but you always manages to take the holidays off well and i think i had a scan going this guy to take this more best of done at show he's only been on the station about here for weeks now his on vacation to the weeks and i was taken off today for juh holiday getting a little pondress with these best of and worst of you know i mean i'm not complaining the fact that he gets done eleven o'clock or ten forty five at least do it every day have a lot of worse thing that can happen as you come in mentally prepared to do about three hours and ten minutes and all of a sudden well it's a best of tape today you got hold of the whole four hours and you think it all crack yeah because then you got to rest early and you know brushing all i have to get rest or brush my teeth i'm sitting here in my apartment i know that is probably a great job on our days uh... but nobody but i was you mentioned all the remote being dead as i include the fifth remote or uh... yeah the fifth remote now it's been it uh... we can only hope we can only hope it's right on that note how about what we do and you two but what was that was that somebody we know i don't know but that's not like a coherent call or i don't understand prepared for that i don't know the first of the show right out of the box that will be the last one we get today now you'll see let's have another coherent call or right away just to show that you're just full of it all right i guess we're just do the two breaks this out i'm not in this business of taking breaks that we don't need to take just so uh... i have wrote some of it doing this a long time and if i can't like spill a few extra minutes especially with all the all time that we get now with a stern scan going on and uh... you know what can i say to the right away the person who's not supposed to be listening to the show turn it off right now turn that radio fine something else find a hobby go play a solitary go play a march on go play shuffleboard but turn this off right now and stay off our website too by the way trouble maker look for the q and vandity known to if he when these fly sure like windies although i like hearty's lot to it and they can show me i have never one of those in a long time and what's the other one is it hearty's i think we have a hearty here in the eaten center downtown looking and anyway look for the q and vandity known to two and when these located at 81 hundred north west thirty-third avid high alia who stop by and when prices were just to win a Honda Civic hybrid from south photo community commuter services and then five to seven a david of the public said thirteen oh five don't university dragon scrolls brings look at the rock green the rock green or the rock solid light weirdest play in spin the wheel for prices five to seven how was the treasure our last night it was rock solid was it that's a what's there some of us were and and what was what i'm just asking if we have a good turn out i mean how did i think of a lot of visitors the burger was great we had these how do i tell you one died yeah here's another great call w q a m hello hi me i yes man uh this is dian um i wanted to tell you every time i see misses come all on the radio bill missed come all the years we heard that's right every time i see her um i had a patient years ago who was up in the dc area and told me that allegedly i'll be nice allegedly misses come all was run out of dc because she were now careful yes very careful she was having relations with the pages in the white house and got all i had a pound i never heard that story yeah well he would do he was in the uh even the fbi guy and uh question of my own guy my patient oh your patient yeah i live in dc i've heard that again that's just a allegation by some mental patient in dc. that's right hey live in fbi is there not well known to be you know trip on on it but he probably there's this fbi guy probably had relations with the game your who broke yes me oh he's like hey i mean that's why i was seeing him for those issues so but every time i see him i keep it that out of my mind misses come all i love you to dac me i listen to everything i love you i love you i love you okay bye i'll see how you like that i mean i don't know if coherent would have been the word there but at least uh good interesting again let's have just spurious allegations and we totally deny and decry and although it sounds possible uh our point yesterday what is the most underrated rock group of all time and we had a good response only don't ever tell me i have bad taste in music again please okay that seems to be possible led by George he's the bandwagon leader on that full crap sure news got the worst taste of music it was nothing about music yeah right wasn't me wasn't you what say you've always said that and then the audience of course times really i thought you're so cool and you play all that crap that nobody ever heard of when i said you had the me kind of the one you're the one that was just unbelievable a taste of what the i didn't musical taste of a twelve-year-old girl yeah right you know two-year-old girls are really an riam and the erosmith right if they were twelve at the time i see now let me just also say this to you we didn't put uh riam or the moody blues on here which is good i thought we did and they don't belong on here so must have been uh a very coherent moment for Josh now putting a minor or else he screwed up was that by intent i thought we decided not to put riam on the bell that's what i read or the moody blues well that was good because they don't belong on here they're not even close to both huge bigger than life most underrated rock group of all time we had how many votes uh 1496 probably over 15 hundred now but i printed this baby out a little while ago how many we got uh one moment please uh 1533 well some no count rush rush 128 i think some of our political amavens out there were a little bit confused we were talking about rush to group the kidna not that rush okay that's probably what they thought we were talking about they love rush 120 votes they win steely dan and we still are out of gas that's what curie betman said yesterday in the any telegoat she has to keep saying rather time or on a dance what a whiny wimpy and by the way unhappy new year to you too okay unhappy junior to you Gary betman you're a little torque no hockey i cry i try how many how many weeks did i try tell these people don't send allen colon in the panther organization your money there isn't gonna be a hockey season did it listen to me no they won't listen to a little neale because what they'll do i know i don't happen about hockey what the hell would i know about that there's least tv up they're going to commercial not damn it bad timing steely dan second with 116 who really suck i mean you talk about bad taste supply one online from the ridiculous to the supply the kins 96 grand funk railroad move now where did they come from 65 huh how to know where i don't know where i will feel okay they're fine there's other on with them that holy 63 that was my original choice just road dull 61 another classic example of a really crappy taste of music uh i don't want to go in with do you'll be rather sifty eight cream fifty i bet you're hanging out in that white room you think look the remont maybe a rubber room the remonts 48 radio head 46 talking heads 45 the animials with arid burden 43 that brit facts that in great demanding brit was busy eating his spotted lizard smith 42 for nr 41 boy fornors really good a great yes our ua speedwagon who are not so great who's met a fact suck the big one there had 38 votes which is and is that the guess who all i can say that is oh my god brother yeah don't when you think a really underweighted groups that really are fantastic if it made so many great music right don't you think of the guess who an arid will speedwagon like the same eye out all the time a little feat which we apologize we spelled it wrong with two eas instead of EA 34 what a feat that was kink crimson 34 muggers of invention 28 the eyesley brothers 25 i'm glad to see they did well eyesler brothers were great county rose 21 marshal fucker band 21 the pet chaff boys five eight nine ten three and nineteen and the traveling will bruised that's why i got that ancient will bruised thing yeah 16 we don't plan that because it's like one of the lost bits what well it is because it was because i want those real real early maybe the very first best of meal this and so it's been kind of like languishing xtc 16 we ought to play that dear god we had a lot of time today yeah you got it there i do they play five fourteen i like that they play five they were just fine let's go with it joy to be in 14 crown and house 13 i just i don't understand why they didn't do better obscure because it's a name record you're crowned houses obscure we had a couple of hits yeah i had a disk i like them a lot but that's all you know that's how they are you have to be smitten me crowded houses obscure big fan of the thin brothers all the way back to split ends but yeah a lot of people that's not for them the turtles 12 and our be too had a dozen rare earth had eleven or is that rare earth the spinner's had only eleven boy you people don't know your music man merlin eleven super grass eleven merrelion ten ten cc ten well and then appropriate the ten cc it would have been better they had like twelve who's could do had nine yes could do when yes could i had the forty two bread seven David gates in bread tied with two other i always think when i think of David gates in bread and all the sensational surfing but really good music that they made i was think of Frankie laminate teenagers and daddy warhols in the same breath that they had seven also Frankie laminate teenagers for that idiot who's obsessed who wants to do Frankie laminate's body the zombies five band or an almond had five that really just amazes me i'm really happy to see that they're for the people out there in fact five because i didn't get to vote for that with good taste crazy horse five in the Thompson twins had three out of over fifteen her votes pretty good pull and i'm all i would like to do a little of i want to say price eight some rather than the be calling for that you know yeah don't go let that out be been turned into that which i almost forgot about since we had the surprise uh early start time today josey maran as she can do like josey whales in the outlaw and all of that the outlaw josey beret may eight nineteen seventy eight birthday makes her twenty six born in men low park california i didn't know there was a men low park california that men low park was in New Jersey in the ways the wizard of men low park was my time and said isn't the only what i heard of but what we do well there you go there's a men low park california and well park isn't New Jersey isn't where it is and was born i don't know you don't know i don't don't know from josey here's somebody fell she just completed the aviator she was in the little black book van Helsing but exactly swatters the malery effect notable TV guest appearances nineteen ninety four Howard Stern playing herself twice she did a twice she played herself i'm not saying the thing about that okay back and then i might not have the largest bike might time to move right on letting discretion be the better part of all because we can't say shmit here's the pool today i had another one earlier which i ever could tell you but change my mind when i hear is before i get to days pool because we got nothing but time today boy this is like i i i i i i i i i used to this at all i know what we do could just relax and sit back and take our time but but but but but but but but but but like all these other days when we're we're trying to do before i was showing about two and a half hours that's okay hello not again okay just relax don't you know panicky because i know what that is what i'm gonna do just a minute best that i have my money okay i like all you can't even hardly hear me now right right but you hear me some i hear you some because they did the bypass on the we have processed you there you go back because that's where the problem is who now hoping that that didn't start up all over the house uh no i'm serious because then i'll have to go in the back and like reset that thing and uh i'm gonna do that and i'm gonna anyway we got in the pool here's the fastest is the monkeys do belong on the pool actually if anyone in the rock and roll community has been underrated not taken seriously with the monkeys they didn't make a lot of good music in spite of your outrageous comments they had a fight for the right to plan to be courting they've played in their third album and future recordings as well they've played their instruments that their concerts in the sixties i've seen them in the later years in michidolans played the drums in guitar Peter dork the banjo bad bait of ass-based electric guitar and keyboards and yes Davie Jones the tambourine and guitar as well i wonder if he played a green tambourine or i've already played a mean tambourine Davie Jones and he always looked like he never bathed i don't know why of course machinistness and torque always known as the musicians of the group and that is absolutely but that of course it's his why would you have Frankie Laman teenagers on list don't blame me for that that was that guy who is very insistent right for us he's gonna kill himself today's pool let's see if the thing goes off you know when it happens when i get like two loud i say i don't think it's gonna happen again because i'm gonna way away from my house this is okay earth i'm gonna get way away because when i do that it like since this equalizes starts bad which i think the thing is gonna burn out because the engineer told me that these things he's surprised last in this long so if you're ready with some cash down there because uh this equipment has been really fine in this studio but i think uh i've heard one of whispering overnight i'm dying out of the hair okay here's the appold today what is who is your i i don't think we really did this before you're insisting that we did we did the favored god do you have the big argument if we did do this well was a long time ago right okay wasn't it it was a long time ago at least three weeks who is your all-time favorite movie character i have two Howardville from network three buddies should know that and done callioni from you're not a lot of men but come on let's go the odd father all-time favorite movie character not the actor not the uh you know it should be pretty straightforward right should be right easy character but you never know what this crowd 10 27 and 5 60 q a m real Rogers morning's immediate and you right all you young whippers navers out there bob dole then how's now as you know bob dole does not believe in negative campaigning and ever have never lost oh sure the fact remains that john carry would rather see people die because his hope care plan has all screwed up bob dole does not believe in negative campaigning and never have never lost probably already know that john carry has ever worked for in this country worried because they're gonna lose their jobs and not have any food but on the table the feed their families because he's got a stupid right economic plan john carry is the fine man is a fine politician a love of my good brother but he knows playing damn well it can't run a country as well as George Bush's education plans to make their children slower than molasses and wineries gonna screw up the environment and live all kind of running this country and open to some of the laden in charge of our national security but having said all that bob dole does not believe in negative campaigning and ever have no well yes reasonable the pet bob in the pen to 10 32 to find 60 w q a and here's a fact from brand is obviously little just a little bit pork off with me says you're way off based on steely day and they're great it's okay you're allowed to be wrong your renown and says bread well uh back at your brand steely then is for soo the do our music for a pseudo intellectuals and I guess bread must be gotten sucked into that whole deal that's okay like you said everybody's entitled right they had a couple of okay so I was until they played them five thousand times you can stay what are we gonna get I think if you steely day I think they are the gas I could be wrong yeah I think so now let me just also say this I don't want to like be a trouble maker but you see there's there's another thing with this whole agreed this insanity this madness of radio inconsistency which is the name of the game on QA now and the most going to be back on again mad dog at you how we've dated for uh dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork dork vanished angle brug vanished and vanquished at four then we got the marlins on deck in six thirty a very very atrocious performance yesterday to ballpark they should have stayed in Chicago uh terror losses I said to be a sweep but I never dreamed that the expo is what do it you realize how many games the marlins have lost the Montreal is here I would say about turn man too many so they get another shot seven oh five at the same and I had any k oi twelve thousand some odd combined that was the total of tenets for that double heavy yesterday and I've had three and a half out of the wildcar but going in the yesterday we're only a couple of games out there been winning like almost every day tomorrow and for quite a while or how does it pistol and only 12 thousand people show up must have been a hurricane the threat of the hurricane yeah that's good excuse well we're pretty close to mobile the worst starting to say is that the audience the neo rages audience now probably isn't the habit of tuning in about 10 30 10 45 they have no idea what time is your start so on these rare days like the dual holidays in the 85 weeks vacation all the sudden certain gets and they play the best of tapes and they end right around twenty clock uh you call them saying they'll see that's where you're wrong they can't enjoy the last few minutes of the Howard Stern show all the way you to come on I don't know if you know if you're not the stern listeners they aren't with us they're just where we're gonna tell us and then they keep you know hopefully they'll keep a talent a dialing and the turn in and Tylenol with us but I don't know that's stir listeners you'll need well no we have a crossover there but we got about sixty seventy percent of the audience who doesn't listen to stern and those people have no idea what time the show starts I just mentioned these things I'm just thinking out loud that's all because nothing's ever going to change with Greg Reed because he's gone over the age he's like sort of viable at this point praise you that a bed bug if he had any brains the Humphrey will be back on well you know something now let me ask you is more Howard David actually gonna be out there we had a change on that is clearance there today didn't you just get the next week schedule facts to you next week schedule whatever I mean I never looked at schedule you should oh and it's got more Howard David on their interview day so now that the Humphrey's not back next week either no Jesus it's just unbelievable Jesus you're right the only good news about next week schedule is Monday the Marlins have a double head of the club starting at one oh five at the ballpark and it's 12 30 is the pre-game show the one's on track it's 12 30 on Monday so that's good news but you know I would be more than happy to work the extra time go to on Monday if we could have the Humphrey back that's that it'll look like he's gonna be back next week either so like I said we're just spastic I'm embarrassed and humiliated by it because I've never worked on a radio station that was so just blatantly inconsistent I mean consistent he's the end of the game in broadcasting and we are just exactly opposite but at any rate I'll take the money thank you Ralph later here's the bad news can stay on Florida's Bell we handed on our website the yesterday they took them off but now he's back on again again in again in and out in and out Ralph later can stand Florida's Bell at least till the end of the week when the state Supreme Court will make a final decision on his attempt for running as the reform party nominee he had to go to reform school as we're here to go reform school for poppies old asswites the high courts the city yesterday came about an hour after circuit charge p Kevin Davy ordered that neither be removed from the November ballot because the reform party is not a legitimate party under state law the state Supreme Court will hear arguments on the issue tomorrow instead of with settle the controversy before the Saturday deadline for mating and senty ballots overseas were on the ballot we're just not going anywhere said Theresa a motto leaders campaign manager owner she's Kim's a Joe Demodel from a pump of park Democrats has sued to keep made around the ballot arguing the reform party is no longer a legitimate national party and the Florida election laws require you minor candidates to qualify by petitioning through an emanating convention word followed Joe Demodel with pump of park I remember one very embarrassing episode involving our friend fat rich yeah because Joe Demodel was holding his little daughter infant daughter and that's what happens to be an old conquer but in any way he had to say little girl and fat rich went by and said oh I want to keep is that your granddaughter what a cute little girl now it's my daughter kind of embarrassing that's that rich for him and always got the big mouth man I was sticking both feet in it Demorquats is sued to keep made around the ballot arguing the reform party is no longer legitimate national party and that sort of election laws requiring minor candidates to qualify by petitioner three nominee convention were not followed the lawsuit is part of a national ever by the Democrats to keep made around ballots and states were good seven votes off see again like I told yours before the show this morning I was lame Ralph later I blamed those idiots out there and some of them are listening to us right now who are who voted for him last time and are planning to do it again how these use last time was that well I he wants to get in the votes so the green party qualifies to be on the ballot and they're going to have all these candidates and they're going to run from on-ways action and I was an old right well guess what did it happen did he get in the votes to qualify and so he's the green party said this time by by Ralph get lost so what he's used this time because the reform party of course was Ross P. Rowan then it was Papio cannon you can't tell me you can't tell me the crowd members have ordered a who to freak who the moderate now by compare yeah right but nevertheless though a hundred free chair almer says please add Alex the large a bit of a number I think I'll go six double five three two one from a clockwork range and you're pulling it up he also says most ill sucks or do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do what was that thing in the under a table of the prison Alex and I was basalt the snake oh was it very impressive and anyway there's another one for the poll and we're going to get a whole this is because all we got right now is just you know there we we got that one on there don't be wholly only nine Howard Bill network for your favorite character from a movie I really don't think we did this we did we have a set of a long time we were not long enough WQA and hello yeah I got a suggestion for the poll yes sir now he's lovely what was it he died but not really what not just I can understand where he's going to be I didn't know that I was the west yeah he said not a lot I think she's a very nice girl out there and our is like a risk turned to her for a long time yeah I was so pleased that Freaco was a poor dog and we last time must have said I must have finally after all these he's gotten through to him but I can't stay in my him as much as everybody else you freak you idiot you bastard you you bitch not bastard I take that back a bitch leave it to Gregory to put a hateful bitch of the receptionist answering the phone meeting and reading the public that's how we put our worst put forward for the public it's the Gregory in F and way that's why he's got people surrounding him like the water Nazi and little mighty bell WQA and hello yes sir and for your survey I want to think of blue to a few more okay or that is the survey thank you very much thank you very much and have a wonderful day and happy new year and animal house that's number one in this crowd make no mistake about it in between watching everyone's a jury's figure and the more poets there watching reruns of animal house over and over it uh... speaking of the animals in air burden right right that should be our slogan on q amp all the animals all the time and the monkeys they should have been on the pool yeah you're right with it right they would have a lot of oh yes i mean we know our your speedwagon but then who is w qa m hello you yes sir got one for the bowl okay uh... the butcher from ganger the yard butcher from ganger the yard yep okay me go thank you very sale not a butcher from ganger the yard we got i'll have to make a candlestick maker well they would so good oh two americans and brit kidnapped all i'll interspersed because there are a lot of so whole pile of stuff but at the same time we want to get a lot of names on the full and do it as soon as possible so the people in start voting because if they don't see one of the like on there they're going to sit back they're going to lay out right when it dottole lay out two americans and a brit were seized by group of kidnappers from their home in central Baghdad early today in Iraqi ministry of interest folks for some told CNN they certainly not news network earlier the ministry said all three were brit nationals the u.s. embassy and only become and put their looking into it the three were their home which also served the offices of all colleague services company in the fsc all mon surdistro to central Baghdad the identities and the released the facility did not have a guard posted at the time in a person at the abduction period to be carefully planned she said is usually one day guard the residents one night guard no shots were fired and they took them out of there national hockey league lots out of players like a big surprise here in that menu make me sick i wonder if they're showing that thing on your again on leaf steve another not the show some pouring the article player from for instance ever we don't care coba but it just turns your kishki's at nimbab good now comes on here well you know the players are only making like a forty fifty million and uh... all the sort of crap i say that i play on all of them the whole of my second part of of especially the players i can't handle it most of these guys couldn't spell their name if you're stuck or gun up the rest no shots no saves no goals it says in the start of the son sent a live the national hockey league locked out its players yesterday threatened to keep the sport off the ice for the entire two thousand four two thousand five season and maybe even beyond and never by management to be a massive economic change they want a salary cap and uh... bob good no from the players union says salary cap salary cap that's all they want to tell me no chance no if in way there we go i just uh... the money talk about it and i try to tell you don't send them your money i did not try to tell them many many times no i never heard that they keep some all these solicitation letters they want your money they're much your money it's going to be a great season and we got a new coach and we brought my keen and back because he was so crappy the first time this time the medium g m because we own a lot of money i heard the papers can't lose the season yeah they won't lose a game this season undefeated let's see here's lino who says i'm what did she scratch out on the bottom of the someone i don't know don't always wonder when people scratch it do you have to make sure that you can't read whatever they wrote i think mean a certain you all facts he scratched off at the top two it seems as though the american people forgot that pull the wall for which had said that saving the Iraqi people from sottom was saying wasn't reason enough to warn the war that bush said with certain that saturday weapons and as destruction how could so many people support a president who lied and took the u.s. into a cost of the honest is very worn or rack George bush must go and the people need to wake up understand that the poor look at poor the rich good richer if god forbid he wins in november you got his leaner personally is absolutely correct and thank god for Dan rather than cbs is all i can say because they don't care what the documents were real or for it because that brought that old bag they had on last night who was the secretary for that did uh uh what's the name jury kymil kymil what was i kymil my child he took a kymilman from the exorcist these a calm member that was that his name i forgot no get with it and anyway so she says regardless of whether they were the original documents or not what was in them was exactly correct and bush what he was a wall man he was a drunk he was a black at a whole i got a great story little later long it's on our website but i'm gonna read the whole thing by bush left Texas from rust baker in the nation oh i love it i'm gonna read a squeeze myself i'm so excited about that story five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless lines uh you're all time favorite movie character that's our pull question that we need about three four hundred more for the upholda make it a worthwhile list w qa hello oh hello yes yeah i got one full ball okay how about dirty dirty hairy sounds like a winner to me okay thank you well i love caramel telephony else i'll let even that has nothing to do with dirty hairy it has to explain eastward dirty hairy did really well the last time with the pistol pain is to be for me we did this pull before huh we did it's a long time ago i mean if i forgot it huh you know well stood really well who's that we start better oh well well my small put them on there right now okay i'm a lovely obvious ones my small put them on there already obviously and there's something also obvious but i voted for Alex to large he worked well Alex to the large and of course we could put up a godfather characters on her like you know why i am i'm both we i made my phone when you were going out with cheerleader although i do like uh attack lost pretty good by the make sure you subbed my crap make friend he was good i saw movie with him oh what the hell was it or we have skirmovey with him several weeks ago i forgot to mention it because i have never seen him in anything else i don't think and you played the same uh oh i know what it was well i was talking about yesterday the movie where the kid comes home from the adan he's really dead and he was like uh zombie Jacob's ladder yeah right and he's surviving off the blood of other people and he played the father his acting was so bad no one of his stuff the horses had in his bed his acting was so bad man will be couldn't believe it was it like a great z movie so do you know what that movie was really bad w q a hoh hi uncle Neil yes sure i i got a couple for you i thought door thing yeah and uh magnolia is one of my favorite movies the the gracious guy not the bartender but the one that wanted the bracelet lightning yeah i don't know whose name was well for great on thank you what's what's please on your list yesterday no squeeze should have been well we're squeezing it thank you let's funny what's it because you were playing the squeeze on before the show is there was what uh better remember his name no it we are missing the point what's the name of the actor from life and i can't think of what his name is i was from that what he was from oh it wasn't from life and it was uh well which makes me see yes it was i'm sorry well i'm kind of losing it i'm sorry why because i'm not taking of the other guy in a bar that's what i think and i was from life and the other guy yes he's already Johnson but the other guy now the other guy from life i can't think at any rate which makes me see uh uh in uh magnolia we don't know what the name of the character was what just told me to make me see no huh it won't get a single vote if you don't know the name of the kind if you don't know the name of the guy and you like the movie are you saying that the people in the audience didn't like magnolia is that what you're trying to say i'm saying this nobody you're trying to know family that is the song that advanced no i can't do it guys did i tell you the name was his name was quiz kid donny smith there you go how do you know that did you look it up yeah yeah quiz kid donny smith in magnolia right that is amazing that's absolutely correct and he sat there at the bar telling all those boring stories about how he was the quiz kid and he was a genius in yati hami hami and that's why we came a flaming queen and it was a head of the hospital the bartender and i'll tell you one thing we should be right we should have had the sequel because i will guarantee that if you ever got those braces uh he closed your on that story like damn it oh yeah if you ever got those braces he'd be in a tight embrace with that bartender i guess it's just like well the daily attack and I'll close that story line i think we got to play super careful man okay all day you i think this weekend i'm gonna watch that again it's a long movie but i just i'm obsessed with that movie and then even town cruises didn't they you know had to be great right well he can act occasionally looks in a while rainman was excellent and nothing nothing not to like about that movie and his performance in that movie was a great right board on the fourth of July great from right he was good in that and i will say excellent performance right and that would be don't push you too far that's what i'm gonna say that's what i'm stopping there come to q i am hello hello yes sir now yeah hey it's Kevin how are you great Kevin listen i have two for your poll okay okay the first one is forced dump oh god you don't like them okay how about how about George Bailey from it's a wonderful life how we're still sucks okay okay thanks Kevin wow George Bailey i wonder if he's in the bill Bailey from w a k y and louco beetle baby well i's and beetle Bailey and jack Bailey from for an endown and jack Bailey from what i was able to show with the main coats on 100 years ago the quick show i don't know queen for a day oh come on by the evening that was no one with the girl main coats that was with Randy Merman the big pair five six seven plattin and my mind is sharp today yeah i'm over to the big appreciate so must have been an ice cream i had yesterday all done rocky road favorite character and be do fresh knee from the shark shank redemption plattin or watch that you gonna get good all dont drink getting using the violence bitch unnoticed to work on it's myino life guard left screen from my watch the Frenchoul Kelly Slater. Kelly Slater was doing panel of Anderson. Thank you. That's why he looks so bad now. Think of us to rubbed off. Don't forget, look for the QA in Van Nune to two today at the Wendy's at 8100 North West 33rd Avenue in Hylia, stop by to win prizes and register to win a Honda Civic Hybrid from the South Florida Community Services. How come I can't say that? I have no idea. And five to seven this afternoon, the Van Nune also be out at publics at 1305 North University Driving Cruel Springs. Look for the rock reenlight beer display. Rock solid in the spin the QM wheel for some really crappy embarrassing prizes because we just our cheapest can be. Tit is a snare drum. So no heck next week either. How long is starting to get really aggravated about this whole deal? And I guarantee the audience ain't happy about it either. And the sponsors see if you're a sponsor by the Hank Ober show and all of a sudden you wind up with... Is that your thing? Well this is kind of like a bait and swish you know when you say. It's something. And since that article by either Barry Jagdis, it was very jackass and most of it on Saturday said that the Humper starting October 40th is going to be able to talk to other stations. That doesn't sound too promising to me. Does it? To you? Nope. I still think the whole thing is about the fact that most got a year and a half left on his deal. Hank's contract inspires October 1. G. And the beastly is our two-man team to pay him a lot for a year and a half. So they'll dispense with a Humper and they'll send him across the street and he'll bury their ass in the afternoon and then they'll keep mull on there and he'll continue doing his sublime. Oh God. We are doomed man. Just like Robby Young said, and that's all we are doomed. What a profit. Yeah. Nothing good happens in a phone booth. Okay, there doesn't often fart to him or Robby Young makes some kind of a wild hysterical message in it. How many QA and hello? Hi, Mr. Geneo. Speaking. I know that I'm actually fully for a Beverly Hills cup. Axel what? Axel, fully Beverly Hills cup. Axel, fully. Beverly Hills cup. That's my favorite. Now you're favorite? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Axel, fully. You need to be... You need to be... You need to be... Five six to hell. So we're asking them. Okay. I know. We're asking... We're having split on there with great greasep people this crowd. Was your all-time favorite movie character? Not actor, not actress, not the... Characters, or at least he didn't say Axel Rose. How come you didn't put Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz on here? I think Josh missed it when we said that. When he said that. I don't know. He didn't even know who Dorothy was. He's after we're talking about Dorothy Kilgallon. Did Dorothy have a last name in that movie? Now she doesn't need a last name. I'm just curious. Yeah. Stuff to put it on the poll. I don't know. Well, well, how many years since I see the way a Wizard of Oz? I don't know. Week, long before you were born. All those foreign monkeys. 51 votes done, Corleone, and it got 5 or 22. How do you like that man? Of course this is a very... Hey, hey, hot father. Hey, Josh, it's Dorothy Gale. It's a movie. That's what you wear in this movie song. Yeah. That's right. Yeah, I'll be right back. Yeah, I'll be right back. That's what I wear. I'm a soul of my grandchildren. I'm a soul of my grandchildren. And I will not be able to pray to please sweet ladies and gentlemen. Okay. Rest in peace, Marlon. Yes, indeed. John Corleone in 25, dirty, hairy, 7. Ludo from Animal House 7. Ace Ventura. I didn't even know we had that one. For Ace Ventura, Petite's secretary. He's a neat, petite's secretary. Petite's secretary. Howard Beale from that we're Scott 6. Alex Dilarge from Clockwork, Orange, and 4. And he farged large. Darth Vader Star Wars has won. Bill a butcher from Gaines and York 1. And no votes yet for are the other ones. Including Forest Ticket Dump. Chris Kiddani Smith and Magnolia. Yeah, who the hell was the other? I'm going to have to look it up. Boca Brian should know. How come he's not on the line? I don't want Boca Brian's help. And it's okay. Leave Malone. He might be doing something to structure for the show. Let's see, Maddie D. Cigotti. Man on the roof. I'll find it for you only. Mad Max. Yes. Oh, hey, perfect. Mad Max from that. That's our one. That's our one. That's from Lumere. What am I looking for? Oh, my God. The magic of Lassie. Boy, I missed that one. Damn, I better go out and get that this weekend. Magnolia, OK Tom Cruise, Julia, and more. She was great. I love her. Jason Robard's Philipsy Moore Hoffman is great. We'd make you may see Melinda Dylan. Luis Kuzman, Phil Baker Hall, Alfred Molina. Mike, Henry Gibson. There you go. Why can't I remember his name? I don't know why. And remember Ruth Busy. Yeah, well. I'll tell him how can you forget her. She's going to enjoy and flu. Yeah, I'm Goldie Hall. Right. From a laughing. Now, how do you know, Lasson? That's a long before your time. Oh, it was a little child sitting on a road watching Lasson. Here he owns. Right? See, that's what the FCC would like radio to be. Like, there are ones like the character he played in Lasson. We'd just hand over the old Indians for the world and seeing how impressive we can be. He would ask why I'm to you. 10. Fifty six. Oh, and Joe said this, he's working on it. Ask why. I'm going to be a little remote. And, the most importantly, on five six six. Two. Two. And. Two fake short gassums. I fake four play. The L is ready to answer your questions. Here is a FPL spokesman, J.D. Tillawatt. I'm going to show you that there was everything we can. For what's the reason you turned the power off before the storm hit? I was a great question, every legend in Europe and the end. What are the parts of Palm Beach County still in our power? Well, when we're waiting for the wings to be left and fully meet by fire for our order. We'll laugh, they're not like no wings. The storm's gone. Oh, yeah, we got it to be it. If the power has been restored to what's gotten you. We're going to be the only other fake baby. That's because no people are spending the whole year. They don't even have a baby. Because that is an insuring way of doing every game we can. We got thousands of structured stations on the Puerto Ralebany. The bandels on their foot. That's a very understandable that too. I'm going to find a way to see after I came back again. I'm going to show you. What are doing everything we can? Can we go home now? Wow, who was that? I'm at the closest present conference. I am out to now. No problem. We're off of the post office. So sunshine and everything that's about it. It's 11 or two or five, 60 WCMs. Just looking at our website. I see that Eric must have been snooze a little bit because we still have last night's. I thought that maybe the hurricane sent a rate of mistake, but they don't make mistakes. Just in the tracking they make mistakes badly. But it's a tropical storm gene. And I look at that 11pm last night. The new deal was 11am advisory from the hurricane center and does say hurricane genes. So let's get that right Eric. We want to be pushy or anything like that. But get it right already, Faso. And it's not any closer now. In fact, it's a little further east to track than it was before. But if you want to panic, or what ahead because we have a lot of practice last few weeks. I'd love to talk this morning. Governor of the Bahamas issued a hurricane warning for the south eastern Bahamas, including the Athens Crooked Island in Nagwas. My Avguana and the Ragged Islands as well as the Turks and Kiko silence. I'd love to talk this morning and say for pizza same thing. Hercine watched for the central Bahamas, including Cat Island, the Exumas, Long Island, Rum case and Salvador. Hercine warning remains ineffective. But we put the Dominican from Puerto Plata to Isla Solona. And, uh, hey, the and all the stuff where they can't hear us anyway. Hercine watch remains ineffective on the northern coast of the Dominican Republic. West of Puerto Plata, West where the Monaco Cristo, and still, Mama, and sandwiches along the southern coast of the Dominican Republic from Isla Solona, West where the center of the Mingo. And, on the top, they said hercine gene was located in a latitude 18.8 north, and two-to-sixty-eight-point-seven-wice, or about 80 miles east northeast of San Sotomango and La República de Mnicana. A west north, it's a moving just north of Du West near 7 miles an hour, thank the Lord, and a west north west most expected over the next 24 hours. On the forecast, track the center of genes expected to remain near, or just in one of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic for the most of the next 24 hours. And, Xenom to stay in Winds near 80 miles an hour with higher gusts. And, the central pressure is, uh, 986, middle bars. And, you know, you're not that impressive, when you say that that is kind of like a girly hurricane after the other stuff we've been going through. Oh, you'll be pleased that New Orleans is still there in a exchanges getting blown away in Mobile. Here's two more for the poll, two obvious ones. You're taking a study, first. I've got two more for your poll. Oh, wait a minute. How about, uh, Santino? Do we have a Michael on here? I don't know if we have anything with Michael. We have to. We have to. Oh, here it is. I know him. Oh, yeah. You put one right on. And, I don't want anything to happen to him. I was mother still on it. Right. Tell you, go to station and says, if you have a few Hail Mary's ghosty Shia, if you say that Hail Mary's Michael Coralione and Hannibal Lecter, two very good ones. Thank you Steve, excellent choices. I'll partly have the same thing with your pages reloading an old thing. Again, you got it to your cash or something. Because everybody else is in the end. I don't care. I already checked it on her account center on the Noah thing. Let me know if you're right on the website. When I want to know what's happening on the arc, I take a look at Noah and don't get all bed out of shape or just relax. Okay. Eat a couple more money, crystal sandwiches and just calm down. Oh, Inspector Clues So from the Pink Panther. Peter Soers and some of his greatest rules, although he had some other goals. James Bond. Let's see. Can't make a mind between Randall Mc Murphy, one full over the Kirk Cook business. Gotta have that on there. Right. It's on. Or James Bond. From all those. Stop turning man. James Bond movies. Of course we could find out. And I see there's a problem there. You do understand what the problem with James Bond thing is. That's why we had the argument before. Is it? Because we don't have a James Bond or talking about that would be like saying, I'll give you another one. Sherlock Holmes. See the breakdown that we had was over the definition of the word character. There's only one character but many portrayals of the character. Yeah. So it's portrayals of the word. But only one James Bond only one Sherlock Holmes. Yeah. Okay. And those in my mind is on the one that's making the pull. We're talking about the definitive one because it was only Razzled backbone was the definitive Sherlock Holmes. Always other fakers. They might be the one who's in the house. Yeah. Like the voice of the pirate. Right. And James Bond could be either one. Either one of the James Bond they know that they know. Okay. Whatever you say. Roy Braker from Lockstock. And he's smoking barrel. Let's like a two obscure now. Well, that's what it says here for the other. Lockstock and Bagels. And also, I think that it does help bad guy character in training day. Alonzo Harris from training day. Got it? We got it. And here's one they love ET on EQ. It's basically one of Pukes. The 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines. Your favorite all-time movie character. W2A and hello. And how about starting the whole stuff from the movie strikes? Okay. Yeah. You remember him? Yes I do. Starting the whole thing's big toe. Okay. Thank you. Just calm down. How about feel solvers? So WQA and hello. Yes sir. I got one for you. Okay. Clark Bray's wall from vacation. Clark Grayswell. Grayswell. Grayswell from vacation. You see my hand. And also a terminator. Okay thanks. Did I do that? Did I miss something? Vacation? It was all right. It was all right. And it's day. I'm going to be the end of all you could see her moves in that movie. Don't care. WQA and hello. I do. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey. I got to say George is doing a great job. Did a great job over the summer. Fantastic job. I'm appreciated by Greg Reane. Who's an axiomerter. Yes go ahead. And thank you for the tease that you might be extending your contract. Oh yeah. Especially when I'm seeing this hump or stuff. I'm thinking, I'm not so sure about that. Hopefully you'll be able to keep it on this radio. How do you like the way to screw it over to people on this station man? There. I think it was like up in the air. I can't get any answers for many of anybody about anything. And this man needs mental help this Greg Reane. He's an impediment to all of our lives. It's horrible. I turn in that ten to try and listen to you. Stern is impossible. You know the way they cut him out. That's a very common set. He's impossible. But I like that your pole nerves. Yes. You're right. I'm a cook who's nice to you. I'm married. You got to say. I'm a great day pal. I love when he was just choking her in her eyes. Her eyes were like, this like Marty Feldmanized like Barbara Bush. They were pop a right out of her. She was a great character. She didn't scare you one sight. The first time you saw that movie. Lois Louise Lutcher. Yes indeed. Yes. Which made your blood run cold for the moment you saw her. I want my cigarettes, Miss Ratchet. He was good too. I want to put him on there. That was his name, Mr. Cheswick. Also for doing characters. We're going to wrap that. Cheswick from my cook who's next. How about the chief? Do you see fruit? Airplane's passed dangerously close to each other in the at least five instances after computer failure not to our radio contact between pilots and your traffic controllers across the West yesterday. Two flights during the outage on Tuesday were almost near mid air collisions. Said, he got a radio call. And he was a local president of the National Atlantic Traffic Control Association. I'm a little nervous about that. We got a guy who's the local president of the Air Traffic Controls whose name is Toming Daffari. Uh oh. Three workers filed injury claims saying they were traumatized by seeing flights via tour one or another on radar without being able to do anything. FAA representatives did not immediately respond to repeated calls for come out and got phari's remarks. There's that. Your ferry. Airport operations are back to normal. Yesterday following the radio a failure at the FAA center. Ponday north of LA. On Tuesday hundreds of flights were grounded, prepped about three hours at a forced in the early region, northern California and Nevada. They had some sort of near misses as well as they had. Well, I make the more exciting, I guess. When you look up for it. Wow, look how close that thing is. You can all reach out there and touch the wing. W.A.M. Hello. A meal. Yes sir. How about cars in and, uh, TV Herman? Yes sir. Yes sir. Okay thank you. He is a character. He's a character. That's his character name. His real name's Paul Rubens as you know. He created the character. He'd be her. So that he could be in movies and that's the show. Yeah but he's a guy. Even though it's his, uh, okay. Whatever you're saying, Tarzan. Ron Ely. He was your wife. Oh, why? Why? Why is it that I don't like him? There's something about him. I don't remember what it was. I don't remember what it was. Because he's ugly. He cared. I thought it was bad. If he knew some bad informers, or something like that. He was everything that he did was bad. Then he'd be bad. How does bad is Michael Jackson, but he was bad. And TV Herman, the character, the, uh, Yeah, with the, he made movies. He'd be, he'd be, he'd be, he'd be, he'd be. He'd make movies too. How fun to resist a TV, Doug Geeks. Those, the movies were, uh, actually, okay. Twelve minutes after 11 at five, 60 W.A.M. It is one of those times when a lot of you might need help fast because all this hurricane stuff we've been going through. Thankfully, Donna McIrping. Thankfully, Donna McIrping delivered the same day you call them all across off Florida. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll shoot from the deepest and wide selection of bedding all available for same day delivery. Call 1-800 mattress right now for factory-direct prices and immediate delivery. And you still pick that to our window to fit your schedule when you want them to show up and guess what they do. Donna McIrping is on time 9-9.7% of the time. Donna McIrping is their right number one in customer satisfaction. They were winners of the 2004 Better Business Bureau, local Torch of Excellence Award. When you call 1-800 mattress, you'll shoot from the complete line of silly, sort of King Quill Simmons, temper-peedic and even Stearns in Banana Sposter 2. I'm under-fired like Banana Sposter better than the Monaco Crystal Sandwich. I guess maybe I'll try them both. Huh? Side by each. Everyone here is called 1-800 mattress. I've been calling them for years and you ought to be doing the same. You can go to your bedding and apartments to your gear rip off. We'll have a lot of time and guess work up a sweat. Or just sit there on your ass and make that one easy call for the best mattress deal all the way around. Log under their website, mattress.com or just pick up that phone. Make that one simple call at 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. Sure, you can send me the new project exclusively on 5-6. You and I. Go to lunch. Will you go to lunch? No. No. Oh, right. Bye bye, baby. I love you, baby. I like you, baby. I love you, baby. Now you're the boy that's taking me forever. That's what makes me forget to be. I love you, baby. I called you all the way around. From the one around here, for nothing, you brought out a lot of little doofoes. Out of hell, you're the boy that's taking me forever. I like you, baby. I like you, baby. I like you, baby. I like you, baby. I like you, baby. I like you, baby. I like you, baby. Love the 17. I will see you know, sure, lot of homes on Apple, do you? No, but I could be wrong. Do you see James Bond? Look again. Well, you know, you can only type so fast. Come on, let's get one that they're Josh, whatever your name is. Here you go. The character of Peter Settler played opposite Trilom McLean and being there. That was absolutely. That's great, right? His name was Richard. Right. That's right. But they were calling him Chunsey Gardner. Right. But his real name was Chien. Yes, we don't care about his early. Chunsey Gardner and being there. That's the name you want. That's what people know. Cool, had Luke as played by Paul Newman and did. Raymond, Rayman, there's played by Dustin Hoffman. Hop, hop, hop. That's a good one. Sir, Tony Montana from Scarface and Trent Walker, A-A-A-K-A, played by Vince Vaughn Swemers and Bankie Edwards Jason Lee in chasing in. Got those? No, I'll give Josh the Stat of Fact. I don't give you all the X's. Nick and Peruzzi take his time. They can also look up to see who the owner you've got. I don't know, Ray. They're Chunsey Gardner. Yes. See now that you see it, it's so easy, you know? Now that you see it. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. What have Zidian probably a thousand? About 30, man. 40,000 names of characters on here. Right? Yeah. Don, of course. Currently on 836. What is handed Josh the thing here? Just look the right way to window. Be it better to have rock and thrown through the window. Because that's the way we generally feel about the way things are going to M.V.s days. And like I said, try to get an answer. I bet you that little fake Jew clearance in in there today either. Have you seen him? No, that's it. Oh, of course not. It's Russia, Sean and baby. It's a Jew holiday. Oh, yeah. I bet you a lot of these concepts have been in Shul since their bar mitzvah. But now all of a sudden, oh, if another excuse to screw off today. Okay. In fact, I'm surprised that professionals you were a burger griepper was there today. That is a shocker. At least one thing. At least one thing we'll say for that person. I can't say too much. But at least he's not putting on some phony act about he can't be there because it's a Jew holiday. He says it was holiday for a poor. No, seriously. Nice going there. A burger griepper. Okay. A lot of these people that isn't screwing off. I mean, I could have said, I'm not working on Russia, Sean. I'm Jewish. Why? The Robert does not miss days of work. Unfortunately, I've ever hoped an eight months about like six, seven hundred for a while. But no, I, I, I, I tip my head to him if I wore one. I tip my your own locancy Robert. You're right, we're self-hating. Plus. Come to Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi there. This is a person call. You are a two question. You want to appear on one question. Okay. On desk or whatever the movie is Mr. Pink from where the weather was. Mr. What? Mr. Pink from where the weather was. He's being seen. Yeah. That's the, he's the best in any movies by far. Never saw. I keep debating whether I should see that. And every time I ask George, he said, don't do it. So I'm not going to see you won't like it. Okay. No, I'm going to be ruled. All right. Get on. Where's that? We know that. You said we're in close place. The thing Carl Springs is that 1305, North University drive at the public's five to seven this afternoon. 1305? Yep. There's a court. Thanks a lot, man. If you see their palli, you're I won't put somebody well. Somebody from QA, which of course means probably Frank or McGeele or one of those guys. Probably Frank. Probably Frank or wherever he is. Edent for long days or wherever he is, as I can't listen to Stern, I listen to Joe Rosenheim or he's. By the way, Joe roses on the ticket. ESPN 798, I'm in doing a fine job. Good man. Got screwed over badly and lie to profusely and strung along by Greg Weed. I'm serious to stuff that's gone on. The last several months. I mean, everything that happened before it. There was 20 of crap. But he's just gone so far over the edge and trying to undo the crap that he created. He's like a mad professor. It's like given like a nuclear weapon to a five year old kid. I mean, just incredible the way he's just as strung lies. And of course a lot of these people like if he screws over the Humphor and Goldberg doesn't want to come back, why don't we come back? I don't think he's coming back. And you want to know why? No, I don't want to. Because I guess I guess is the old ends October one. Am I correct in assuming that I thought it was November, but I guess is contract ends October one? I guess I don't know. Well, if that's the case, they would have to rewrite a new deal. And what do you think the chances are of him coming back with Greg Weed after the screw it over he's gotten here recently and several times before when he can go across the street and probably get some big bucks. He's got his NDSPN thing. He was on ABC on a racing day to the Helver job. I just don't understand what this man is doing. He is screwing everybody. Even Ron Jeremy never had action like this. So anyway, this ends say he's not listening. He doesn't listen to Joe. For a newist pool from the movie Renaissance man Bill Rago. Got it? We got it. Good. I never realized well, I mean obviously there's 80 billion characters that everybody lives in. Right? Right. Well, good. That's it. We got a long show today. We got plenty of time to put him all on here. We got 166 votes already. Which isn't a big deal. But we got 166 votes. Don, call the only 39. I think it's going to be tough to beat the die. No, that's a little bit. We hit him with five shots. He still alive. He was good too, I'll tell you. Yep. So let's go. Oh, he was great. Journey Harry 24, Blue Go for Manel House 18, Ace Ventura from Penta Take of 13, Howard Veal from Network 10. I'd be remiss every time if I mention them. I did. I was born. I was born. Oh, Darth Vader. Nine. Alice D. Farge. D. Large. Clockwork Orange 8. Inspector Closetopink Panther 7. Andy Dufresney from the Sharks and Critics in 6. Haven't seen it yet. Yeah, I'll say it right again. Josh. It's Dufresney. I'm not into French, okay? It's so what I heard. Yeah. I'll understand that Schroes got this friend's tickle, but somebody left his. Roy. Anyway, I'm going to help with the tickles or fancy. Do frame. Do frame. We frame from. Do frame, okay? Randy McRandell McMurphy from Kuhu's next five. We call them Randy. Handable like to your sounds at Lansby. Forest dump. Five. Life is like a box of crap man is what it is when you work for Greg Reed. Michael Corley only for. Mad Max Road Warrior 4. Darthy from the Wizard of Oz 3. Josh Beckett like that movie. Nurse Ratchy from Kuhu's next two. Buffalo Bill Science Slimes 2. George Bailey is a wonderful life too. Come on. Come on. That is such a cornball piece of crap. I mean Jimmy Stewart was okay in his own corny way but come on. George Bailey. Bill the butcher from Gaines and New York Scott appear. Sherlock Holmes has one. I bet to Watson saw it. The terminators got one. Park Reswell from vacation's got one. Axle Foley from Beverly Hills cup is got one and none yet for any of these others. Including Raymond from Rain Man. How is that possible? What we just put some of these on there right? Yeah. That's okay. And Skiddani Smith from Magnolia. It's not even worth the looking nothing. So he don't have any. There were all the characters were great in that movie right? Yeah they were. It was a really sensational movie. It made space. It's so fantastic. 560 560 pound 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless lines. How about you QA and hello? Hey Neil, how you doing buddy? Pretty good. Alright, how about Jack Torrance from the Chinese? All work to the Chinese. Somebody have to name that right. You got that one already? No we do not though. Alright, actually. Thanks Pat. I have a great day. Here's Johnny. Look at these cars. You know when you come right down with it. Yeah. But we'll exploit a lot. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I like him a lot. But I just think he's a crazy person. So I think he has to do a lot of acting. Yeah. How about you QA and hello? Hello. Yes sir. Is it an only Charlie G? How about you QA and hello? Yes. I like to suggest up a little poll please. Yes sir. How about just the call we from our past times? So it's quite a thing. Okay. I'm so wasted. Yeah. Okay. See you. You got it down now? Yes we do. Just about. I'm going to make sure because we've got 80 million names on this. Like I said, how about every character from every movie? We'll put it on the poll. Right. Just go to our MV either. Just take a few hours of looking. Keep your office street. Keep your mouth in trouble. Keep your mouth in the water. We'll have to hurt him or anybody else. And it'll be great. Kill a day. Just we'll put the name of every character from every movie that was ever made. Right. Everyone except for the man who wasn't there because you know, or how about the call rings and new visible names? Right. Take your same cloud raises sir. And be careful who you bump into in the hall because it could be call rings or might be in the hall. I doubt it. Speaking of invisible. Norman Basin, Psycho. As I say by that. That's a real retony person. By the name. She said no. Please put Jeff the dude LaBowski from the movie The Big Lebowski and the Pull and George Keith some. Don't go. Don't go. I have their saw that. So I don't have any idea. The Big Lebowski. Jeff the dude LaBowski from the Big Lebowski. I don't know. Then we get next reviews. I think it was Beenerboard. I've told you not to see that. Right. I have no idea. How's the Beenerboard doing? I don't know. Oh man. I'll tell you. That'd be a good pull to take. Who was the, who was the, I don't know how you were. The thing. Oh. Beener Boy. Which of course the thing never officially started even though the water not it was going to hire it. It. That's all your fault. You all you ever saw that thing. It wasn't he and he wasn't the movie to sing. I'm not so sure. You have a thing when you come right down with. The name has to matter. It had something. But I don't think it was the thing that we're thinking about. This is the 20 7 past 11 at 5 60 WQM right now. Armstrong Ford home said wants to clear their lots and sell off all remaining 04 is here just some of the great deals weight. Ninya as I speak. And 04 F 150 pick up your pay just $1 over invoice. New 04 is floors you pay again just a buck over invoice. Rangers, crowd picks, toruses and focuses all waiting for you. And just $1 over invoice only at Armstrong Ford home. It. While Armstrong Ford offers more value to it with low customers when you buy a 4 from Armstrong Ford, you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program. That's right. Tires and batteries for life. The value you'll get Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now they'll give your free Florida some pass with any vehicle you purchased there. If your fresh were time, no problem. Because Armstrong Ford knows your time is valuable. I put up those shutters and things like that. By the way, my shutter still aren't up. Call 305 2 4 7 50 1 12 shop right over the phone. You can deliver that new vehicle right to you at your home at your office at your massage partner wherever you're spending a lot of time. Armstrong Ford home said low food and operated it. It treats you just like family and I guarantee how big it breaks life on it. And I'll even throw in clearance. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere. No bait and switch. No full need deals. No BS. Just great deals all the time. Armstrong Ford home said they're looking at a 307 25 South, 60 highway. Just 20 minutes south of the 836. So drive a little and save a lot on the new Ford. And you can support it. Armstrong Ford home stay. Check them on the web if you like it. Armstrong cars dot com. We're going to the garage. Morning. The garage. To find a way. We're gonna. We're gonna. This station presents real America heroes. We're never too here. Today we salute you, Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. You sir. Are in due with the God given gift. You respond to questions that are actually answers with answers that are actually questions. And you get every single one. Yes. You're accumulated a vast fortune, Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. With a head full of knowledge and the fist full of buzzer. You've made more money than the. And you're all whole lot, money of it, Alex. That's not really insane. So the next time you think your smart is up to beyond that show. Pop your brains up at couch and pop your jaw. In salute to Mr. Egghead, jeopardy contestant. Oh real. America heroes. In that journey contestant. Sorry for the question, please. 26 till noon at 5.60 WQA. And what's your all-time favorite movie character that's our full question that it's from industry spawns. People are just following you to mouth about it, right? How about pretty cruvers is Bob and Fort Lauderdale? Yeah. From Nagmaran Elm Street, parts 1 through 600. What's wrong with pretty crude or man? Look, they've never stole a freight train. Exactly. 5.6705.6. Let's see. I've got too much crap. But I do want to get all the names on there, okay? Yeah. That I want to get a lot of gore games. Every character, every movie that was ever made, even movies we hated. Because they're actually there. Sometimes movies you don't like all that much, but some of the characters aren't too bad. You know what I mean? You're correct. Not too often though. But they go with QA and love them. They go with QA and love them. Okay. That's really hard to beat me to Carlone, man. But I got a real good competition for them. Okay. And that's Hannibal Lecter. If you go through Hannibal, the elements of the lamp are really very proud. You know what I mean? He's the best character. I've got six. I know he's already on his head. Awesome. See, the guy is so emotional about it. And you're like, just putting your prepping his balloon. Hey, let's all enjoy this work. It's a large and in the bag. If you want to research, ask why. Just look at the mirror. Okay, honey. That's my best suggestion. Oh, she had a mavener watch. She know her craft. WQM, hello. Yes, a help from Space Odyssey. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. That's not a great. I love the dialogue, man. Sure. I wonder how long it took him to film that thing. I've heard of him. I have to rehearse their lines. Do. I've actually even voiced it more lines than they had in that movie. Colonel Kilgore, Robert Duval, that apocalypse now. Robert Duval, we love Robert Duval and this show. I don't think we have any clips from him, though, do we? Oh, we have two. We do. We, I'm just thinking, now I'm looking at, we're going to talk to you. Huh? Talking. Can you tell you something, Mike? Mike, friend? Right. That was Jack Walsh talking. I'm going to make some ice crumble for you. Wait. Look, well, brush your speech with the fishes. No, that was known as commenza. Right. It's speaking to commenza. Oh, probably wants to eat him, no more. Poor Clemenzy. He's always got to take a leak. That's what happens when you're fat eaten. Drink so much. Always had to pull over off the road and take a leak. Well, that was from David Cobb. I love the smell and may ponder more. Well, that's the way it is when your Colonel fan day, that whenever you day, and that he lose once and a while, you could be pressed. Preemptive paranoia, right? Morey and doubt in the times today. It's on our website. This is all this stuff is on our website. Here's how bad off the Democrats are. She says they're covering behind closed doors. Whisk, bring that if it should ever turn out that Republicans are behind this. It will be so explicitly macavidian. So beyond what Democrats are capable of, they should just fool it and see the election now before the Republicans have to go to the trouble stealing it again. There's no evidence that it's just a preposterous paranoid fantasy at this point, but it speaks to the genders of the Democrats that there can consume with speculation about whether Carl Roe, the master of dirty tricks and surrogate sleas, could have set up CBS and a damn article preemptive strike to undermine damaging revelation about the Republicans, privileged status and vanishing at the national guard, and his odd refusal to take his required physical and ordered. In his vast left-wing conspiracy theory, Mr. Roe takes real evidence on W's shirking and transfers it to documents doomed to be exposed as phony, thereby undermining the real goods, then follows it through third parties to Dan Rather, for forty-one's nemesis on Iran counter a perfect bank shot. The secretary for W's squadron commander in the Texas Guard told the times that the information the disputed memo is correct, it's just a memo that seemed fake. It looks like some of May have read the original's and put that together to say, Lucid 86-year-old Mary and Karanox, who was phoned up the New York yesterday by beliegred CBS News executives. She told Mr. Rappellan, not again. We said it without again. Oh boy. I may have, like I said, I have to like, throw a break go back there and show that video. Well, why don't that happen? I don't know. Just one of those things. I think maybe the processors going out. Yeah. The equalizer. Well, anyway, if it does, um, I'll buy anyone. So, I'm sure not going to wait for them. She told Mr. Rappellan that her boss, Lucid 86-year-old Mary, and wrote a cover your back file, a personal journal, to keep a record about the politically connected version of his charge. She said the contents of that mirrored CBS documents, but she said those documents were not on the right forms, and contained army terms rather than air-national guardlingo. She confirmed that he unbushed, disobeyed a direct order from Colonel Killian to take a physical. It was a big no-no, not to follow orders. She said, and in that the bushings, bushings above the rules attitude caused some stickers, and resentment among fellow officers. Those who suspect Mr. Rowe, note that when he was billed Clements campaign strategist in 86-gavroned race in Texas, he was accused of bugging his own office to distract from a debate, according to James Moore and Wayne Slider, author of Busch's Brain, they said it turned the election because after that the Democrats couldn't get any attention. Was the same scenario playing out yesterday evening on CNN? After a five-minute report on the CBS memo controversy, CNN spent about 30 seconds in reporting that two more Marines had been killed in Iraq. House Republicans started clamoring for a congressional inquiry to the documents used by 60 minutes, saying it might be an attempt to manipulate the election. Isn't that why the Democrats are scared? Isn't that why the Democrats are scared of Republicans are doing? The same Republicans never wanted investigations in a missing WMD, but the Congress passed a Medicare bill based on faulty figures. Abu Ghawib, Abu Ghawib, or even whether those swiftly guys were lying for Pete's sake. The Democratic Terinoi is a measure of the intimidation to West Wing as wielding in a race where John Kerry can't seem to take advantage of any of the Bush administration's increasingly climate as blunders. The administration has been so dazzling and misleading to public with audacious and endacious malarkey that the Democrats fear the Bush he's capable of any level of deceit. Iraq is a vision of hell, the Republicans act as if it's a model kitchen. The president and vice president in brag about liberating Iraqis and reassures that they're stopping terrorist violence at its source and inspiring democracy in the region by bringing it to blood to the rack. But what they haven't mentioned is what they have known since July, their rosy scenarios are as bogus as their WMD. That's when the president received a national intelligence estimate that spelled out a dark assessment of prospects for stability and governance in Iraq in the next 18 months, and his Douglas Gel wrote in today's Times, worst case estimates include civil war or anarchy. Unlike the president, the young men and women trying to stay alive in the unmovlin chaos of Iraq can't count on their daddy's to get them out of line of fire, bringing down the Times today. Line piece of crap and the argument again has to be well, I'll let's document the originals of the afforduous, but of course, like she says, all of the information there was absolutely correct. And I suppose over right now, that's the fact that it has to be seen in my eyes. She raised more women than a cloud, but repulsions won't even mind. So we set the golden crap face and she raised more money than that face, she's a troublemaker and she takes out great silver and a glass and they want no more. What's like she's married here in a holy golden train and a diamond hat? My style may not be there. She doesn't feature more. As if she's always surprised. In the morning, she's gone. But repulsions money fell in my heart. We can't afford to get more than a hundred percent of the children's money. We can't afford to get more than a hundred percent of the children's money. And she'll just find the magic stars on the big hat. We're going to have three ten more million dollars for a tiny amount of cash. And it's money, but it's not. 13 to 15, 60, WKM remind me, don't talk to loud because then I'll blow this compression thing here. Don't blow it. I think it's burning out. Yeah, it's burning out. Yes, it's confident blood. No seriously. Because engineer who actually up here knows what he's doing and what he's talking about, he said he surprised this one last of his long because they're running very hot and they die. They die. So the fact that it's acting up today after several days of seeing very just fine, not if it's time, of course, if it blows out and I think you're going to be doing several shows now, he did tell me I could bypass the compressor and I tried it before the show. Let's try it on the ear and see how it sounds. All right. Okay, I pressed the button. There are how's that sound? We turn your microphone up. No, it is up. That's it. That's all you got. So I guess that's not going to probably be a good idea. It would be in a pinch compensator. In other words, you just turn everything else down. Right. I have a little more level on the mic, but I just don't want to crank it all the way wide open. And also I'm thinking about these promo. There are many things just rumbling to my mind. You know, a cutted mind. Yeah. And the promo is that we're running about Hank Goldberg in the Humphor even on the last week. You and you're in the Humphor in the Mad Dog and the this one and that one, you know, you stupid. What does that mean? If they were going to change the line up. Do you think they would tell anyone before it actually happened? Oh, we're letting you in. Get an inkling. It's getting to the point. We're like exhausting for us so you can imagine for the audience who are tuning in to hear the people that they like at the times when they expect them to be on and to be on it all. And it's like just total chaos. And then when you think of Greg's brilliant idea, well, we're paying me over four hours. So how about if he just does like four hours after steering gets done? That would be great. So here's the Mad Dog today from 245 till 4. I mean, just just an absolute ass and I and creature crawling over the globe. Captain Clint Robert Shaw and Jaws. Okay. Okay. You know, Jaws was good, but I and I realized that the making a big sum of sum up again. I just, I don't know. It was good. There wasn't a lot of a reboot. Yeah, I agree with you. It was just fine, but it wasn't all gangbusters. I was Richard Graffes just makes me nauseous ever since that host encounters the worst thing. Hey, then, Brad. That acting performance had to be dangerous. Good as Brad Pitt and what's in the box? So seven. You never even saw the good by girl? No. Oh, you'd go out and murder him if you did. I don't like Richard Graffes. I can't stand him. Well, you would hate him hard. He's like the Barbara Stricing of movies. Never more so than in that word. Oh, if he was in movies too, and they were all bad for Pete's sake. Which Cassidy? Somebody says? Okay. How about half a long casting? No. So I've been not saying those because then he put them on there. Right. White, spigled, cowboy, bebop. We got it. Got it? Got it. Here's one. It says, I just heard a sum about I'm your show, which is I run it because I watched this movie last night. Another one for your poll is Jack Lemon as Professor Faint from the Great Race. And 1965, like Edward's film, Coastal and Tony Curtis and Natalie Wood, speaking of JAWS, Natalie's out there with the sharks too as Matt. Jack Lemon has Professor Faint. That's what it says. Well, it was key to the win. But they look alike. I see. Not. They sound alike. Not. I saw my backs. Right. That's the clip we're talking about. And then you always have that big argument. Oh, it's not really from that movie. It's from some of those. I don't know who you're arguing with. No, no. I'm not sure if that color always starts. I always says you're wrong about that. That's not for that movie. I mean, I can see. You go on the ones you're talking about. Well, Jack Lemon, Keenan, when I always think of them in the same way, you know, Edwin, Keenan, when Jack Lemon is grateful. Well, nobody ever mentioned Jack Lemon. Not for the poll today, but just in that movie of a massive appeal, I was such a, if you despise religion and the coverage, church and all of them the way that I do, that will be was so perfect. He was great. He never did a bad thing, Jack. And Charles Durin and they're too Durin. He was doing, uh, red in the face when he said both, both men and women both. As in, have you checked the children? No, no, no, I'm movies that are underrated. Nobody though, when a stranger calls, nobody ever mentioned that was a movie that I really liked. It was good. Have you checked the children? He was good to be actor in that movie. The British, uh, yeah, I don't know what it is. The lunatic. But I think I, I think I, and I know that. I've never seen him in Greg at the same time. W.T.Q.A. and hello. Hey, I go to just pretty this deal. Yes, sir. Hey, I do a male. Tell her, let me tell him a radio where I'm either in the street delivered, male. Tell, uh, tell your counterpart to the key to win played, has the kia in the gray race. And Jack Lemon played Professor Faith. But I always like Jack D. Ripper played by strolling Hayden in, uh, work that movie, uh, how I, uh, all hell. Back to strange love. Or I'm on Frank Booth. Okay, I love Frank Booth. Right. Frank Booth and Trudeau Johnson here. Okay, thanks, pal. So he says you're full of crap. Okay. Why are we going to look it up? No, I'm going to look it up. All right. Will we be looking for the great race? Okay. Here's the garden. Here's the gray owl. Scurs, gremlins, too. Oh, Zach out. Oh, it is. Jack Lemon. Josh, uh, look it up. Boy, you really are slipping, mister. How about the grapes of raw? Time and raw, and the possible word they get a different movies? The guy that says push the button max is keen and win. Yeah. Whatever his name is in the movie. The guy with the card that does stuff. I'm sorry. I'm not. No one. Oh, that is a tie. Okay. Which is that one? Ha ha ha ha. He's really a character named. How was this about to get to? And then you said you had the whole thing. We've got the story started. Yeah, the book will be going up. No, it was a right. The great Santini would rob her dovall. So the character's names are screwed up. It's the guy with a funky car that says push the button and that's keen and win. Whose name is has a chia. How come the great race isn't in my book? It's that a great book. No, it is a great book. How is that possible? Could it be under the dark? Cause all these others have thought and front of them. They're under G. Oh, I found one Frank Booth drop. We can actually play. That's it. Yeah. It's a long one. But I had to kill him. I have a Jack Lund and drop and also from my Glingery Glen Ross. I'm not going to have to. Yeah. I got a little bit. I'll put that back on here. Because joy's so good for her. We didn't like to bleep in there. It wasn't long enough and we actually could hear what they were saying. The great race. Steve a bag bag. This is really pondress. It couldn't possibly be under the law. Could it? Huh? And why wouldn't that be in here? That lady. I am busy. There's no sex. Like snow sex. Then I just didn't even hear a period. I have no idea why. I'll have to get my other book. Here's my other book. Oh, God. Here's the one that weighs about 400 pounds. Video hounds, golden movie retriever. I bet the British word. No, that was the other one. Okay. Time and space in that craft. Let's see. Grave of the fireflies. What am I looking for? Great adventure. Great race. Great falls of fire. Starring Medi Bill. Great outdoors. Great race. A vastly villain. A notable hero. An assuraged suffrage. Our money competitors in the Upper Raise New York. The Paris Auto Race. And you can see, you know, we've completed with pie fights, saloon braels, and a confrontation with a feisty polar bear. Overly long and only sporadically funny. Steering Jack Lemon, Tony Curtis. Natalie Wood, Peterfuck, Kanan-Winn, and George McCreedy. Directed by Blake Edwards. There you go. Alright. And that doesn't tell me anything. The guy with a funky card that did stuff. Like telescoping wheels. in the can and that's Keenan Winskart. He's got to set push the button next because he told nice to press the button. And then the car would do something crazy. So that's what's your item? Nothing. I've got the characters they wrote. Oh, you screwed up and you're just wasting a half an hour here trying to like cover your right. Right. Once your all 10 pivot movie character that's our poll today, Don Krolioni and the guy five is 29. 49. Not got a catch. Don Krolioni. 39. Blue Dome Animal House 23. Ace Ventura 16. Michael Krolioni 14. Inspector Kusso 14. Alice Delarge 11. Darth Vader 10. Howard B. The Network 10. Forest dump 9. 20 Montana 8 and Scarface. Randall McMurphy and Kukuznes 8. Mad Max and World Warrior 8. I hear he was played by a Charlottom Heston. Jeff LeBowski from the Big LeBowski 7. Hannibal Lecture 7. Alfred Andy Newfrain Newfresney from the Charlottom Heston 7. James Bond 5. I like to fresheny better. Dorothy from the Wujudabahas 4. Clark Resual Vacation 3. Buffalo Bill 3. Got a play something. I'm Mama Freeze. Okay. Back to the day. I have my money. No. Yes. Rayman Baddut Rayman 2. Pimi Hermann Pimi's playhouse 2. Nurse Ratchet Kukuznes 2. Terminator 2. Alonzo Harris 22. Alex Foley Beverly's Hales cop 2. George Bay. It's a wonderful life. I mean 2. Come on. Even default never saw Kornetall. Bill LeBowski again's in New York 2. And one for Freddy Krueger Bill Rayger Winston's man. Trev Walker Swingers Mr. Pink. The Reservoir Dogs. Surelock Holmes only has one vote. And then a bunch of other stuff. Norman Vates and Psycho don't have any. Jack Torrent here is Jai. Don't have any. Charlie Cheswick. Don't have any. You know what I think I said that thing off. But I always do it. My Mr. Cheswick tonight. Like Tom Rennel and I. All right. So I'll just email those codes. You were listening to me. You were listening to me. You were listening to me. I'm on my side. I'm on my side. I'm on my side. This is the John Paul Williams. And if he asks me, he always a more fun than playing Radass with a Swiss guy. Is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Oh, there's a new poker show on TV that's sure to be a special interest. It's political poker showdown. Paradex John Kerry. Mission accomplished. Oh yeah, George W. Bush. I've got a royal, great, plus full house with two of a kind with an ice-kicker. Later than we've done it. Terry, even while we're eating full-littical poker showdown picks the candidates and their heads in head test to skill. I've got a pair of queens. Yeah. Well, I'm a polish to game nerves. Puzzack out of pair of dickchains. I mean a pair of kings. Oops. This tournament won't be played against for another four years. When two new cupcakes, an Ivy League millionaire's belly up to the table. Hey, Bush. It's our turn to go to cards. I don't cut cars. I cut taches. Well, a little poker showdown. How's that sound? I just don't kind of keep on your toes. All right. Then follow two and five, six, and double the QAM. Don't forget, look for the QAM band now to tune, and now on it to tune when these, they're right now, but at 8133 to have an Ohio League, a step by to win prizes, register to win a Honda Civic hybrid from a South Florida community services and the San Fernando QAM band. Five to seven in the PM will be at the public's at 1305 North University of Arab Corals Springs. Look for the Rock Solid Rock Ring. Rock Solid Rock Ring, light beer display in spin the QM wheel. For prizes. Let's see. Here's a fact from Chris who just, favorite character in Spectre Cluesso Peter Silas. Already on there, Chris, he would just find, how is that he doing? Fourth place. As a matter of fact, he's got about 20. And also, number two, he says, why doesn't he need like Randy Rhodes? Why don't I ever say it on like Randy Rhodes? Unless he's talking about, do I like her show? No. I don't listen to where show. First of all, number two, he's a little too jappy for me. If he gets my grip, a little too shrill, a little too jappy. That's what he's like. Yeah, that must be it. Must be a Jew thing. Especially on Rush or Shona don't be doing that. I'll try to get you. Here is a fact, no, say it. To me, the disgusting, especially when it's from like other Jews, who think that you sure they're, I'm not interested. To me, it's like 2004. I'm not interested in you years, Egyptian years, Venus, Mercury years, dog years. Uranus years. Joe Pesci is Tommy DeVito and good fellows. Very, very good choice. Is there any Joe Pesci thing that we can, no, of course. We have a year ahead. By the times. Now we can't play in the middle. Oh, yeah. Correct. Let's see. Here's Mike and Melbourne says, future pole suggestions. What's your favorite push administration lie? Well, we don't have room for that many. And number two, the arena deal for Howard County just keeps getting better and better. The taxpayers keep getting even more of a screwing with this NHL deal. Says Mike and Melbourne, they might guess what, nobody cares. I mean, I'll miss, you know, seeing the leaves play and Panthers and, you know, I mean, they just throw your guts out anyway. I team that only made the play all three times this way the franchise. And then, of course, it's like everything else Wayne did. Like with a baseball, you know? Same thing with a hockey, building the arena. We're going to move to Nashville. We're going to move to Portland. We're going to move to team, pick up our hockey, Puxed balls and move and got the idea. And then they'd build it in the arena. And then before you know, he turns around and tells the team. Always leaves you holding the sack. That's Wayne, because Wayne is all about one thing. And what that is? Know what? Wayne. Huh. Speaking of Wayne, there's Bill Hunger. This is not appear to be a hurricane at this point. And it will be a Alabama, where it gets the worstest past. And of course, they had Ricky Tiki Sanchez. I'm only moments ago. It seems to be taking out more clothing. Each time they bring them on it, pretty soon he's going to be standing there. Start naked. Uh, hello. She's a shure gun. But C.I.N.L.S. is holding a big vision for a ranch future. A plant speaking of Marine Dodds column. A plant to find national intelligence estimate prepared for President Bush and Lake July spells out a dark assessment of prospects for Iraq. Governor mentioned official said yesterday. The estimate outlines three possibilities for Iraq through the end of next year. And the worst case is developments that could lead to civil war officials said. The most favorable outcome is in Iraq whose political economic and security stability would remain tenuous. That's the best case scenario. There's a significant amount of pessimism said one government official was Rebbed document, which runs about 50 pages. The officials declined to discuss the documents key judgments, concise, carefully written statements of intelligence, analyst conclusions. The intelligence estimate, the first on Iraq since October 2002, was prepared by the National Intelligence Council approved by the National Support Intelligence Board under John McLaughlin, the C.I. is acting director. As described by officials, the pessimistic tone of the New Testament stands in contrast statements by Bush administration officials and recent days, including comments yesterday by White House spokesman Scott McLaughlin was asserted that progress is being made in Iraq. At any rate, rather lying again, the nightmare would say disaster. Even catch a cup of coffee and if you when says, uh, how come he's shield for so long? You think the price was right? Or maybe he was a scared? Maybe they had a brother that they grew up in with a son kind of a funky array. You know, we go to the country. Red ballad talk from Borneo. Red rubber ballad is about. The United Nations Secretary General Coffian and declared explicitly for the first last night that the US led war on Iraq was illegal. Mr. Ann instead of the invasion was not sanctioned by the UN Security Council or an accordance with the UN's founding charter. And the interview with the BBC World Service broadcast last night, he was asked outright if the war was illegal. He replied, yes, if you wish. In other words, if I got to answer, yes, he'd then added unequivocally. I've indicated it was not a conformity with the UN charter. From our point of view, in the charter point of view, it was illegal. Mr. Ann and I was kept a taxful silence until now, rather in his interventions. This point undermines the argument pushed by Tony Blair at the war with legitimate vice-presidently security council resolutions. Mr. Ann and also questioned whether it'd be feasible on security grounds to go ahead with the first plant election in Iraq, scheduled for January. You cannot have credible lessons at least security conditions continue as they are. Right now, he said. They also come. The comments as Mr. Blair is trying to put the controversy over the war behind him. And they run up to the conferences. They knew a parliamentary terminist. He is probable in a election. Did you see the guys who ran into parliament and written yesterday? No. They were having a big debate on guess what? I don't know. Gay marriage. Fox hunting. No. And these four goofballs, probably piggab people are somebody like that. They dressed in t-shirts and jeans. And again, that's a great British security meeting. He just came running into parliament. You should have seen the looks of the... Wow, it looks on some of those real stuffy brits man. Like, they were about to drop a big one right there in their seat. Well, I hope they showed it again. And they had to drag them off. Little, little controversy. That's why, of course, we got the Batman guy who's probably still standing on the ledge, is that he finally came down. Let me ask you this. Seriously, I ran into Sol Fantasy. But I can't even marvel how to keep, right? Yes he did. He could fly. The, the, the shazam kept in my good fly. Correct. Superman had a cape. Correct. He could fly. Right. Now, why did Batman have a cape on? You know, I think his name was Robin. And, of course, at this point, just to revive his memory, so he didn't let he still live. We're supposed to play, if I never get around to finding the damn thing here. We're supposed to play the hupers saying, saying, I'm a homo? No, that's not it. Uh, the hupers saying... Come on, Hank. He was his word. How does that affect a file? Thank God. I thought they sound to me even on this show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 5, 6, 60. 5, 6, 6, 60. For Verizon and SIGGETA, wireless lens. I guess maybe the equipment is okay. Maybe I just should not do that shouting. I don't get it. It just isn't really anymore. Unless it's very sterilized and polite. Like here in the TO, you know, brain. Low key. Don't get too hydrated. W2A, and hello. Good. Good. Absolutely. And by the way, it wasn't just talks, something. It was, what's hearty with dawn? Right. I mean, how ridiculous. They're in the world. Yeah. And I think it's a good thing. I mean, how ridiculous. They're in the world. And the whole thing. They're in the best of these. No. That's right. Anyway, somebody got ahead of me on the poll. I was going to do suggest. The guy that played in, in Clarkburg Orange has the, the guy who's singing the little song. Sing and in the good and the right. Yeah. Or make somebody got ahead of me on that. Right. You posted an article on the website the other day. And probably, people are probably going to have to go into the, into the old stuff. But they haven't read it. They really should be. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm right. Right. The archives. America. Right. Wrong. That's a great article. If people have that read that. They really need to read that and get them look what it comes out. People ought to be reading all the articles on our website. You play every one. You got it. Which reminds me of it, a go off and get that kitty Kelly book. I forgot yesterday. I'm going to go on. I'll be pretty good. The family. Yep. Yeah. The family. Yeah. What is that saying? They're off. All right. That's it. Every day. Bill Murray has Carl Spacler and Candy Shacks is John and Columbia South Carolina. Always knew something was a little off about John up there. Ha ha ha. Don't worry, John. This is a candy shed crowd. Yeah. Boy. You know what a great poll would be one day. I give up. What's the worst thing that America has exported the rest of the world? I'm thinking Jerry Springer is one of them. That would be a long, long list. Nick Donalds. Coke. A cola. Gary says, could you please add Indiana Jones to your poll? No problem. Gary, you got a munch. You got it on the Jew holiday on Russia, Shona. Happy New Year, by the way. Are you silly? Are people? Who don't understand that New Year comes on January 1. We just can't get long. Man, it's another reason to just band all these religions because all it does is separate everybody from each other. We're just all one big happy family is what we should be. What? You got your own fairytales. So if you're a Jewish trident, you know, you celebrate New Year. That's a good question. I guess after you find the kiss the last rat in the kitchen. Or that's kosher. After you circumcised the last rat in the kitchen, I got a great article by Russ Baker and the Asian White Bush left Texas and it's long and I'm going to read it at the break. But if he's a very long and I might actually take me which I rarely do this anymore, but I just have to do it. The spirit of Christ compels me on Russia Schona. Alright. Problem at this past new decade, I am going to get mad doggy too and then it's mo. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. And then Marlon's again tonight try to like salvage a game against the years post after the yesterday's disastrous double headed defeat. You know, this is one of those times with the hurricanes and all the other hysteria going on that you might need some help fast. Thankfully, Donald Max is delivered to St. Deolachron South Florida. When you call 1-800 map, we'll choose from the deepest and deepest election of bedding. All available for St. Deolabri. Call 1-800 map tr. right now for factory-direct prices and immediate delivery and don't forget you still get to pick the date and time for delivery to fill your schedule and that'll America has got a record that's unbeatable. There are on time 99.7% of the time. That'll America continues to be ranked the best in the world of Christomers satisfaction. There were one of the 2004 better business bureau local threats of excellence award. When you call 1-800 map tr. You choose from the complete line of silly, sure to King Coral Simmons temper pedic and Steerons and Foster Hewitt. All the smart folks and even some who aren't too bright, at least no one enough to make that call. I've been doing it for years because the cheer beech run around and getting ripped off of those bedding and department stores and helping them pay for the big overhead. Log out on the website, mattress.com or if you need that new mattress real soon, just pick up that phone and call them right now and they'll be not found on your door before the day is out. Call 1-800-MACRIS 1-800-MATTR-ES. Sure things that we'll Roger in the sense of what's going on and what's going on. And we'll be moving. Mr. Lecter, say may of these, I'm Mr. Pointin, you've passed my queries. Still eating people right after you kill them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. I'm eating them. Bigger look in. It plays a few full tastes just like chicken. If you see it on the streets. Better, rather you watch, eat me. Oh my gosh. Oh, God. Oh, God. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna You know what? What? A Walt Disney World worker was acquitted a charges he found over 13-year-old Drow wild dressed as Tigger, and then suspended again accused of shoving two people on a goofy car. No. Their lawyer said the man was just goofing around because he was goofy. If it had explained why great we are maybe on a weekend he's having a window. Two photographers said to these animal kingdoms said Michael Sharperan came up to them in his goofy costume and shoved each of them in the chest orange County Sheriff's kept in Bernie Persia said yesterday the photographers in male and female whose names are not released work for Kodak at the part. That's Eastman Kodak from Arts of the New York. Or there's so many people out of work. There's these spokeswoman Jackie Polak. P-O-L-A-K. Okay Jackie Polak. So Sharperan was his friend August 30th. And we remain so indefinitely he was also the face Mr. Meiner charges. Jeffrey Kaufman Sharperan's attorney in the Tigger case said new claims were bogus. Goofy is always playfully totally Orlando Sentinel of course he was goofing around because he was goofy. That's why Greg Weed asked like that because he's goofy. But you pardon? I thought I would have dressed up as a character named Grady. That's Maddie Bell. Now Peter says for the poll how about Sergeant Hartman from full metal jacket. You got it? Sure. Okay. Why Bush left Texas by Russ Baker in the nation is going to take a long time and just to sit back and relax. I'm going to get a fresh soda. Growing evidence suggests that George W. Bush are roughly left his Texas International Guard unit in 1972 for substantive reasons pertaining to his inability to continue piloting a fighter jet. A month long investigation which includes examination of hundreds of government release documents interviews with former guard members and officials military experts in bus associates points to her conclusion that Bush's personal behavior was causing a larm among his superior officers and were ultimately lead to his fleeing the state to avoid a physical exam he might have had difficulty passing. His favorite to complete the physical exam became the official reason for his subsequent suspension from flying status. The San Francisco where the Bush did or did not complete his duty and if not why has a reasoned days been obscured by raising side-show a debate over the accuracy of documents here on CBS's 60 minutes. This week CBS News reported on newly unearthed memos purportedly prepared by Bush's now-to-seek commanding officer. In those documents the officer Lieutenant Colonel Jerry Kellyan appeared to be establishing for the record events occurring at the time that Bush abruptly left his Texas International Guard unit may of 72. Among these, the Bush had failed to meet unscathified guard standards and refused to direct order to take a physical exam and that pressure was being applied on killing and his superiors to light-wash whatever troubling circumstances Bush was in. The incident has been raised about the authenticity of those memos but the criticism of them appears at this time speculative and inconclusive while their substance is consistent with the growing body of documentation and analisisation. If it is demonstrated that profound behavioral problems mark Bush's wartime performance even cut short of service, it could seriously challenge Bush's essential appeal as a military steward and guard unit of societal venues. It could also explain the incomplete contradictory and shifting explanations provided by the Bush camp for the president's striking invisibility from military during the final two years of his six-year military obligation and would explain the savourgery and rapidity of the attack on the CBS documents. In 1972, Bush's unit activities under what had changed the concreptoy degradation of his ability to fly a fighter jet. Last week, in response to a lawsuit the White House released to the associated press, Bush's flight logs which owed that he abruptly shifted his emphasis in February March 72 from his assigned F-02 fighter jet to a two-seat T-33 training jet from which he had graduated several years earlier and was put back under a flight simulator. The logs also showed that on two occasions he required multiple attempts to land a one-seat fighter and a fighter simulator. This after Bush had already logged more than 200 hours in the one-seat F-02A. That's the F-02A. Military experts say that his new apparently downgraded and accompanied training mode which included Bush's sometimes moving into the coal-policy can and theory be explained in a variety of ways. He could, for example, have been training for a new position that might involve carrying student pilots, but the reality is that Bush himself has never mentioned this chapter in his life because he provided a credible explanation. In addition, which is highly entailed, officer-effective effectiveness reports make no mention of this rather dramatic change. A White House folks explained to AP that the heavy training in this more elementary capacity came at a time when Bush was trying to generate more hours and anticipation of a six-month leave to work on a political campaign. But in fact, this scenario is implausible. For one thing, guard regulations did not permit him to log additional hours and that man was a substitute for missing six months of duty later on. As significantly there's no sign that Bush ever even considered going to work on that campaign until shortly before he departed, wrote that campaign officials had any inkling at all that Bush might join them in several months' time. Bush told us commanding officers that he was going to Alabama for an opportunity with a political campaign, his Texas International Guard supervisors, presumably relying on what Bush told them would write and they report to following year, a civilian occupation made it necessary for him to move from Montgomery, Alabama. But the timing of Bush's decision to leave and his departure about the same time that he failed to take a mandatory annual physical exam, indicate that the two may have been related. Campaign staff members say they knew nothing of Bush's interest in participating until days before he arrived in Montgomery, and indeed not one of numerous Bush friends from those days even recalls Bush talking about going to Alabama at any point before he took off. Bush's behavior in Alabama suggests that if you would Alabama not as an important career opportunity, but as a kind of necessary evil. Although his role in the campaign has been represented as substantial, and some of his paper accountants he's been described as the assistant campaign manager, numerous campaigns there for say Bush's role was negligible, low level, and he routinely arrived at the campaign offices in the afternoon hours, bragging of drinking feet from the life before. According to friends of Izzy Kets has used an apartment during this period, and based on their recollections, they have been coming back into town repeatedly during the time, who was supposedly working full-time on the Alabama campaign. Absence is from the campaign of enslaved as due to his responsibilities to travel to the further reaches of Alabama, but several staffers told me that organizing those counties was not Bush's defact or responsibility. Even more significantly in a July interview Linda Allison, the widow of Jimmy Allison, the Alabama campaign manager, and a close friend of Bush's father, revealed to me for the first time that Bush had come to Alabama not because the job has appeal or because his presence was required because he needed to get out of Texas. But you have to know a Georgie Allison said he was really a totally responsible person, big George, George Herbert Walker Bush, called Jimmy and said he's killing us in Houston, taken down there and let him work on that campaign, the center of that was Georgie is in an out of trouble seven days a week down here, would you take him up there with you please? Allison said that the younger Bush's drinking problem was apparent, she also said that her husband a circumsessed spectman who did not gossip and held his cards closely indicated where that the use of drugs was involved. I had the impression that the new Georgie was using pot certainly and perhaps cocaine, she said. I was with the breakdown and I interrupted. All right, if you will. To be continued, I mean it says plain, it's right there front of your face and of course the Bush liqueurs, those right wingers and well healed selfish bastards, they're going to continue supporting no matter what. But people up there with the IQ larger than their thumbnail, I'll start thinking about it. 26 past nine and five, 60 WQM, let me tell you about Chuck Alphayere for more than 35 years. Charlie's been the best in the universe and providing amazing natural hair look and systems for you guys that are virtually 100% un-detectable. That's how great they look and right now Charlie's introducing the latest development in hair restoration, it's called the New Laser Light Therapy Treatment. It's used for treating fine and thinning hair and this new treatment is FDA certified. It restores your hair and scalp back to what's healthy and state what it increases your hair shaft density and volume two. This new laser light therapy in its cool light laser devices affected by both men and women and it's a painless non-avacent treatment that takes only about a half an hour to complete. Charlie and the staff of witness for medical results with this new system that impedes hair fall off for people with fine and thinning hair. So stop waiting for America. It's going to stop your hair from falling out and give Charlie a call with no obligation whatsoever. He did more info about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment. How can software thinning hair problems forever? Because it really and truly can change your life. Call the toll free number today at 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 run at wicked worldwide web at CharlesLphiari.com. Stop again, there's a lot of that award in your life. We don't know what it is yet, but it's great. I have no line. Are you sure? Copy it once anyway, this is from my rest week, we're in the Nathan. Pickin' up what we looked on. You were paying attention, I hope. Oh, ribbon. Take a note. We're now the product. The product is not prominent as the product is fixed in military arts business and political world, some of them are publicans and bush supporters. Talk about Bush's alleged use of marijuana and cocaine based on what they say they've heard from trusted friends. One Middle-Age woman whose general variety could be confirmed told me that she met Bush in 1968. At hemisphere 68, a fair and San Antonio, at which time he tried to pick her up and offer a white powder he was inhaling. She was that attenaged, your bush would have just graduated from mural and have been starting the National Guard then. It was getting really aggressive with me, she said, I told him I'd call a policeman in an in-lap and ask to believe me. Although cocaine was not a widespread phenomenon until the 70s, US authorities were struggling more than a decade earlier to fence the flow from Latin America in 1967, board of seizures and out of 26 pounds. Bush himself has publicly admitted to being somewhat wild in his younger years without offering any details. He has not explicitly denied charges of drug use, generally he has hedged. He said that he could have passed the same security screening his father on the White upon his inauguration in 1989, which certifies no illegal drug use during the 15 preceding years. In other words, George W. Bush seemed to be saying that the adunned drugs that was before 1974, are during the period in which he left his guard unit. The family that wetted Bush a house in Montgomery, Alabama, during that period told me that Bush had extensive inexplicable damage to their property, including smashing a shandler layer, and that they unsuccessfully built them twice for the damage, which amounted to about $900 a considerable amount of money in 1972. Two unconnected post-friends and acquaintances of a well-known Montgomery socialite now to cease, told me that the socialite in question told then that he and Bush had been partying that evening at the Montgomery Country Club, combining drinking with use of illicit drugs and that Bush complaining about the brightness, a time down the table and smashed the shandler layer when the door stopped his home briefly, so Bush could change clothes before they hit it out again. It is notable that in 1972 the military was in the process of introducing widespread drug testing as part of the annual physical exams that pilots wanted to go. For years, military buffs in retired offices are inspected about the real reasons that Bush left his unit to years before his flying obligation was up. Bush and his staff have muddled the issue by not providing a clear comprehensive and consistent explanation of his departure from the unit, and particularly the president has not made himself peculiarly, the president has not made himself available to describe a detail which did take place at the time, instead the White House has adopted a policy of offering of skewer explanations by officials who clearly do not know the specifics of what went on, and the periodic release of large numbers of confusing or inconclusive documents, especially at the start of weekends and holiday periods when attention is elsewhere. In addition, the Bush camp is offered over the past few years as shifting panoply of explanations that subsequently failed the past muster, one was that Bush had stopped flying his F-02 jet because it was being phased out, the plane continued to be used for at least another year. Another explanation was that he failed to take his physical exam in 1972 because his family doctor was unavailable. Card regulations required the officials be conducted by doctors on the base and would have been easily arranged either on a base in Texas or after we left the state in Alabama. One of the difficulties in getting to the truth about what really took place during this period is the frequently expressed fear of attribution from the Bush organization. Many sources refused to speak on the record, even had their knowledge communicated publicly in any way, one source who did publicly even stouts about Bush's activities in 1972 was Dean Rume, who flew formations off and with Bush and was his roommate for a time. You wonder if you know who George Bush is, Rume told USA today, a little appreciated interview back in 2002, a sticky digress after a while he said, in the first half he was gone home when George failed, where George failed was to fulfill his obligations of pilot, it was an irrational time in his life. Yet in subsequent years Rume has revised his comments to a firm insistence that nothing out of the ordinary took place at that time and after one interview he emailed me, material raising questions about John Kerry's military career. Rume, who operates a curio shop in a Texas handbook called me that Bush A's including communications adviser Kerry Hughes and even the president himself stay in touch with him. Several Bush associates from that period say that the Bush camp has argued strangely about importance of sources back in the president up on his military service, citing patriotism, personal oil and even the claim that he lacks friends in Washington and must come on those from early in his life. In 1971 Bush took his annual physical exam in May. It's reasonable to conclude that he would also take his 72 physical exam in the same month yet according to official guard documents, Bush cleared the base on my 15th without doing so. Fellow guard members uniformly agreed that Bush should and could have easily taken exam with unit doctors at L.A. to near for space before leaving town. It's interesting note that if the killing of members released by CBS do hold up, one of them dated May 4th, 72 orders Bush to report for a physical by May 14, one day before he took off. Bush is indicated that he departed from Mellington Air Force space and his guard unit because he even offered an important employment opportunity but a political campaign in Alabama. The overwhelming evidence he just told over that the Alabama campaign was a convenient excuse for Bush to rapidly exit stage led from a guard unit that found him in his behavior growing problem. If that's not the case, now would be an excellent time for President Feng for his approval of memory to sit down and explain what really happened in that period. Right for our speaker in the nation, son or wife say that case. Yeah. Hold your breath. Okay, let's get some more names on his pull here of characters. We got a lot of all the characters all the time, including all the characters of QM. We got many. Favorite character from a movie, Don Coleone from the Godfather 56. 30 here is 36. Below a Pluto, Pluto and Guffy. Pluto from Animal House 26, James Bond, 22, Inspector Puso the Pink Panther 21. Garth Fader Star Wars 19, 20 Montana from Scarface 18, Michael Coleone, Godfather 18. Howard Beale 17, is it two Michael? Hannibal Lecter, silence of Land 16, Ace Ventura 16, Jeff LeBowski from the Big of Winski 15. Randall McVirthry from Cookersburg 12, Forest Dump 12, Alice Delarge, Thuck Work Orange, it doesn't. Andy Dufresny DuFrain from the Shawshank 11. Mad Max 10, that was Edwin I think. On it. Alfredo. Clark Reswald of a case in seven, Jeff's Bakowi, Fast Times 5, Peeley Herman from Peeley's P House 5, Buffalo Bill, silence of Land 5, Dorothy 5, how are you doing, Dorothy? She was never on a yellow brick road though like Judge Udon and Timmy from Patience. Portibi. Four, ten, it won't see him no more. What a shame. And you know something to show where he has been the same with Adam. All that. LeBros is nothing is. George Bailey is a wonderful life 5. It's a bad movie, but it's a wonderful life. Quint from jaws 4. Andy Ada Jones 3, Thick Walker, Swingers 3, why am I reading all these Sherlock Holmes is about 3. Raymond Abbott has got the 3 from a man. I never knew that his name was Ray. I guess I did. Raymond Abbott was he relation to Billy the Bivit from Kuhusness, Second Cousin. I see. Terminator is about 3, Alonzo Harris from Frating Day 3, Axel Foley, Burblies, Hill Kai and it just just a smacking of a spackling after that. 670560, Pont560, Burized Nensignular Wireless Line, WQA and Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah, Officer. Is it Neil? Yeah. How about Richa Ratto? Good night cowboy. Good night cowboy. You're a ragan from the extra stuff. She was good. She was a ragan Turner. Okay, thanks a lot, pal. Okay, we've both of them on there. Reagan. Christopher was thinking about Rani Reagan so I have to put the extra system. And Ratto Rizzo from a night cowboy. He's ever signed. You ever signed while it's too much staggering there for you because John Boyd was by a name. A hustler. Sway heard. And he like beat up this old queen. And you just want to see it. Plus it's depressing. Yeah, what's the point. And of course when Ratto's getting ready to die, they get on the Greyhound bus stand stuff. You know where everybody goes when they're getting ready to die. For or the Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. Florida. There. There that. Your favorite. Jewishificans will his belly band. It's troubling our cheddar Alpha, with help with Speed欸's help of cock hop at the synagogue.中國壓D. Barrels our burgers go to the business. Everybody. border. BEST. Wow girls oh shouldило nilees for you to serve. Pretty good. Real income or that it's not Deck 8 lending. Join. This album should be in every orthodox rockers collection. Rolling stones just it's five stars of David. The album never ended in the day who wrote the book of Jones. Back up as a synagogue, news from Rajasthan and Rajasthan have been all record stories. We'll put on strikes when you get here. So, pass over to this album. He... I'm going to be back with the silver ones. Get a job. Well, 45, that's five, 60, WCM. I bet you're very sorry right there today. He's busy co-suring the house. He's making sure that nobody's eating trades in his house. Time-track. He ain't there. Well, so we got it. Oh, we're going to be fairly close. They're going to make Mo work on Russia's son. They're going to be close. They're going to be close. He's also not there. He's another one. We got them. We don't have too many glam there, you know? Joe Z. Oh, please don't tell me, Joe Z is there today. Oh, here's a fast-speaking of afternoon who's going to be on. It says if the hammer does not return, who that is going to give us the over and the under and the over and the games because I'm sure, oh, I know how our David is no clue on that information. But, absolutely. Maybe since the dolphins are going to be so bad, they don't want the hammer open up. Tenderers box. I think the hammer was also open up, Tenderers box. But why not? I can't get the box. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines. Your favorite movie, Character of All Time. W2QAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And is there a lot of? Yes, it is. Can I get on? You're on, you're it. Go ahead, Pally. Quick listen to your radio. That's a Leo driving nuts in me too. And George, and Josh. Go ahead, hold on. Hold on. He probably writes his radio down too late. We don't have time for that. How many QA and hello? How are you doing, Neil? We're talking about that movie. Great. This guy who I guess is George. He's not too straight on the story. Keenan Winne was a story that he heard. And that's Jack Lemon. He says that. He says that the Peter Fock. But he's not going to talk. Yeah, definitely. You know something. I know Jack Lemon. And I guarantee that is Jack Lemon. Let me tell you something. I got to DVD. It is 100% Jack Lemon. And here's the focus is assistant Max. And he actually wins the race again. He's very Curtis plays the guy to grade Leslie. And Natalie Wood is like some muck racer, reporter like Millie Gly. And she scams a Keenan win out of his spot. And he's from the assistant. And he Curtis is assistant. After all these years, we finally got the straight poop on this. Yeah, that's exactly how it goes. Just be kind of a. He plays the grade Leslie. And also Ross Martin is in that movie. From while while West. He plays a heavy that he has a sword fight with. Tony Curtis. And the race goes from New York across America. Across like the Arctic to Paris that way. And he's like, well, we're going to be back. Yeah, we're going to be back. See how you're wrong. No, no. Yeah, you are. I never paid much attention because they didn't watch the movie. No one's not going to watch it. Alright, quiet. I'm going to listen. Definitely Jack Lemon. Okay. That's how the barge like Keenan wins. When I had the DVD, the movie in my hand. And I was dubbing that drop that you're playing there. That's how I know that it was Keenan wins. Well, maybe he's an intro request. Alright. Keenan wins with the gap between his teeth and the mustache. I don't know. I did a lot of drugs, so maybe I'm wrong, but never the less. I think that might have to be that. That was much as the president, but you're working on it. He's a lot of everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he had to start. In fact, when he started, he started the hit start program. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, and the Verizon, and see it around the lines. Anybody else would like to contribute to the great race or even the human race. Because to be honest with it, it just bore his a lot of meat, but it kills me a bit. Because I didn't see the movie, so what do I care? Do any Q&A, hello. Hi, me. How you doing today? Pretty good. I like to make a couple of suggestions for your poll. Go ahead. Okay. What about course, mini-mean? And Dominic, Bernabely. Dominic, Bernabely, did the Bernabely boys, Slob and other? Yeah, right, excellent choices. And where did you go about mini-mean? Both, like I said, excellent choices. Okay. What about the European? I've never seen him in a mighty Belgogor. Thanks a lot, Palais, two good ones. Mini-mean, Austin Powers. And Dominic, Bernabely, from Fatso. That's all. That's the honey tune. Yes? wedding happily boys. Let's do that. Whatever we just come in. Get the honey during the day. It's so great and a lot of people just heartaches they won't watch it. All the stupid ass movies you've won, and written really something really good like Fatso, you won't watch it. Although it might make you hungry. By the way, suddenly. Yes. It is as a gag. For what? for fun you must be psychic and you forgot to mention something what's that just a jacky sucks okay okay okay I'm a jacky for more how we're given I told you that you best in working on Russia sure not I told that josee as for all brother yeah listen it's not a my business they pay me a lot of money I'm happy to take the checks you know go out and plunge my guts out it would buy me the casino have a good time or to track whatever I want to do but you know something it's it's just is reaching the point you keep thinking well get off to summertime it's the fourth of July it's Labor Day it is now the 16th our frequency of timber and I keep asking myself when remember the Caitlin twins and when when is Greg Reed finally going to get this place organized and get his act together and get a toa on a ground and give a little bit of consistency to the audience so see he's probably think I don't know what he's thinking of course thinking in him are not a good match but it's a if they are thinking that this mystery would hanky well what what is it coming back you know creating a lot of counter if the only thing is still in your spicing off his audience and making all the rest of us feel very uncomfortable about it because we have got no idea and air there is not a day that goes by when we get that morning visit of course when I'm here I get an audio visit but unless they're down there from the clearance and duff both or each or whatever and not a day goes by I don't ask them to question well what's going on what's with the hump or what's going on and it's always the same but it's a little bit about and you know a small talk and the talk about the the bacon from how he's in the craft you know not that the bacon from how he's just crap it's very important and it's good stuff but you know I'm saying relatively speaking crap 16th of September it's about time not to get this crap going maybe to get that bus on a road to put the pedal to the metal and floor it otherwise we're gonna be all feeling like life is passing us by you know I'm saying right and sometimes I feel WQA and hello yes sir maybe I already know sensational I can't believe you let that guy say Peter Faulkett's and four five to six how to give that to me I got this weird obsession I gotta go over with you yeah I work smack in the middle of smack you know what I'm gonna break one or three play one and WQA and so I can lift it to both our turns right because it delays so bad I believe we mean the delay the 10 delays we got the 30 second delay it's so long so every time I hear a face of the now I got to switch over and see if they've played without or not right now the other day I'm not gonna say any words I know how to work this please but you know the play it's a female body part monologue no it's in New York it's not okay yeah they speak that word out oh we can't say that oh you can't say that final one to anywhere the begins with V oh boy yeah that's gonna leave a mark all right I'm gonna go through when you go through the planets you have to be careful I pronounce Venus I just can't believe I mean actually only when we can say the begins with a V just to make sure we don't say that's something else is it an assignment specific word I thought not anymore it's not not according to Joyce it's the world acquainted Joyce maybe that's the best call on the year all right and that incredible I'm sorry I didn't hear that well I'm not told me that I should watch out for Venus yeah that's what he said well he spends a lot of time yeah my enus slaughter the out of the whole type of cardinals in the Yankees great baseball the hot mr. Hussle before law before Charlie Hussle you're great yeah I'm a club artist and there's nothing used to be in his the sheriff mean his five is it is so childish so pathetic and so and and that's another part of this whole thing that's coming like unwraveled on glued the Greg Reid Empire crumbling of his feet WQAM hello yes I am when you say movies so you mean like theater movies are gonna be a movie a week oh no not a movie the week not no TV oh come on very many movies there was a permission movie like an in the theater movie believe it or not we love their mission sure rain and verse she was good thank you Neil right right but she was pretty insistent about she loved her and I'm gonna get to see not she inspired me I love the theme don't you that's a great theme yeah and how about Bella Greece what's a song so far loosely ensures how not with him what's your all-time favorite movie character gone cold the only godfather fifty eight during see now there's a guy women for now he was big and heavy and masculine even when he was in that wheelchair he still was like a macho guy and it turns out that he had like a lover for how many years he was uh he was uh aiming and moved to Hawaii and all the stuff but when you see a gay people you know represented on TV it's always great clear is folk and all the other flaming screaming like that what's that tutti tutti fruity when the king is always put on our and see that was we'd never think about that things name is kujo not the other well that one and the other one the two of them oh god almighty that's every minority uh thank god that television does not I say this all the time I'll say it again because I can't say it too many times doesn't poorly portray ugly stereotypes as the general one of the middle of what are you feeling the blank you know right because you know that amicent Andy all the black folks have met my life they are just like that you're listening to me Roger you are on five sixty sixty for you and but it's the one to do you all I was I One or two if I see W 2 a yeah I take it one thing we're sure make it a big deal again There's let's be sure and put on the pool professor's feet from the great rage Yeah, I was all the so the chimists is going on now are you are you admitting that you're wrong? I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I'm so wrong. I got the Catholic chains. I'm gonna fly to like myself after the show You what are you? The day you're such a stubborn man. Yeah, oh, I just goes with the package. Wow Here's a fact. It says just to set the record straight on the great race Georgia's still wrong Jack Lem and did play the part of professor free the great race for professor phage Jack Lem and says Professor phade had to cut the did stuff as your chettie was the villain max was professor phage Partner played by Peter Faulk and he said to him But when play the part of Pesakaia yes Tony Curtis is part and we didn't have a card in same much Tony Curtis is the way Leslie had the pure white card Leslie special and then Scott a quote from Warner Brothers about who played this and who did that one and who jumped on top and it was off And and his vote is for professor phage Jack Lem and from the great race Who said When you listen to it, it's so obviously is him you are not your jack lemon mister You all my life. I thought that was key to it Well, see here you go wait a minute. I'm sorry here. I apologize Oh, there you go Let me get it out Put it back in Oh Okay, it's all right Let's do another one of those shows in a couple months. I mean, I'm done that in one. All right, what we've done 80 million Those but I do like those shows Yeah, they kill a good show. No, I'm not talking about killing the show. It did's fun the TV thing Oh, not for the consequences. What are these functional about like what's the thing about how much I've worked It's right I want someone that I always play them just obsessed with and nobody else agrees with me I accept you you're about the only what's the one? Barney Jones Barnaby Jones. That is man But it's not a little bit It's rousing. It's not a rousing tough Lindsey gets his man I don't see it on here. I'll find on me of the disc five six. They're all five 60 pound five 60 on me Verizon and singular wireless lines WQM hello Hey, hey, you're done. Hi, good. I got two two names for you both two names okay number one Oh, no Burgess married is from Rocky. Okay. That's a good one Burgess married. If Lord Burgess married, this is a penguin in Batman Or he also good. That one is Malin Khan and moving saddle Okay The He gives us the actor and the actress this is the one who's favorite my a what was the rocky Burgess married Make it a go who Mickey Mickey Mickey Mickey and Rocky And the other one was a metal and contemplate what I don't know We'll find the food people a few five six seven. I wonder if she's kind of that to do Fresni guy Dominic you a and hello Yeah George really has egg on his post up to that right now after arguing yeah, yeah, for years vehemently my god I mean taking all the spotlight off a Josh Curtis there He's been given us the wrong scores of the onion and that's all potatoes now compared to this Because this is an ongoing years long years saga with George and the audience you're wrong George Well, you need to rest though happens to everybody okay you wrong. I mean, you know all of my few with the invisible man thing for years You said that I still say it's Raymond the massing No, not really a man The mass he was a driver at Hazel Park 567. Oh 56 he's so clawed rains and you know Yeah, rains and Spain fall mainly in Uranus WQM hello Yes, sir got one for your phone. Okay, Samuel Jackson jewels from a perfect jewels from Paul fiction, okay? I think so much thanks Got it we got it. What do I hit that movie or what? Yeah, you hated that movie Yeah, and then you're really gonna love reservoir dogs which was in the same vein, but 100 times as boring you always hit the same thing here. We tend to be honest thing here. We tend to make some sense of Reservoir dogs you always say all boys the Regulation it just was not for me. Okay, not a pseudo-in lecture. Are you sure and I just And I think that was what really turned me big time against Jeremy Volda and then I saw a couple things were just pretty good I kind of like you know give another shot. He's okay Yeah, as long as he's not doing that you know, I don't know he's Vinny he's okay. Yeah 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on me Verizon wireless singular wireless. We got another butcher line up today We had the best of stir in this morning on tape another rerun because it's Jew holiday and then we got mad dog at two who's his go-ish Is they come and then we got Joseph Gacky The Polish boy there it'll be on for a mohower David because Mo is he's rubbing his titses You know like a grasshopper what's he rubbing his head like he's doing Mo is rubbing his titses right now as we speak and the probably got his Tollus and the whole deal is pay us right Oh and he look good now with it. Oh, he's not he's got no hair on there. He looks lovely and anyway So most taken off because it's the Jew holiday So Joseph Gacky beyond a four six thirty got your marlins on deck a huge game Let's have a little more than 12,000 people out there for Christ's sake man Big devil heading yesterday to get 12 six And put on a tremendous performance for you people last a couple of months now in all of a sudden So wow we're not interested. We don't care my rain again We got to put up the plywood in the shutter just in case get out there and quit with a BS What all horse and buggy town plus all the money you were gonna spend on the Panther games I can spend on the Marlin games because they're making no pancer season. Don't be spending those great a send them to your money Why wouldn't they listen to me? I kept telling them and tell them do not and of course They keep believe me as a season ticket over. I know they keep But sending you just fill up your mailbox in your voice mail with messages and things in the mail Oh, yeah, and be sure we do your season tickets and we want more money right now We want that deposit and then of course don't forget about those play off Right How many Q a and hello? Hello, yes, man. Hi, it's this meal show. It sure is this is he oh I do for the poll two Franks actually okay one Franks that is hopperspray from blue velvet Okay, okay, okay, Franks better from Good one Franks okay, okay, okay, yeah sounds like lunch is ready. Thanks. All right, break it further We had two ladies called me. How do you like that? Three oh three women today? What we're making some progress don't you kid yourself mister you watch you mark your words when that number comes out away from the bar We got the trend comes out that's June your lion August And of course that should start to show a little and I'm much It should show something Yeah, a little a little turn a little up tick because we started carrying stern August 16 and probably I'm very very little Of stern on this season is gonna be reflected this it's gonna be the next one that's gonna be the biggie. You'll see W Q a and hello I Hi, how are you okay? How are you okay? Is it new sounds like me? Okay, you've got one for you metal and con was really on stuff. Yeah, and The other point in that and what in blatant battles Alice carrots as Mongo In blazing saddles Can we listen yeah Alice curious what Mongo is the character? Yeah, I know I'm just a little you know who I was curious was Who was he a football player different lines? I know the after It needs to be a football player big fat football player char head there you go. That's him Nobody Q a and hello. I don't it I'm Nick Welcome to the Nick Rodgers show. I do Let me make Wow, I'm almost speechless at this point. W Q a and hello Here are you good still everything everything is fine just all we're fine right good good Glad to hear enjoying the show. I got one for the pole. Okay? How about Gilbert's clone run field from the original Dracula Excellent choice magnitude. Okay. Thank you Yeah, right he'd never heard of fly just like Tony Perkins of psycho he never heard of him. I might eat it, but he would never heard it Renfield was good back. You know something he probably worked at Q a Guaranteed that if he worked at QM He would hate his life nothing works here The medicalians don't work. I've been here for seven years nothing works here I hate this place nothing works here the medicalians don't work I've been here for seven years. I hate this place nothing works here Well, it may be a surprise to some it may be a lesson to others, but that's exactly the case It's the outer bands the outer frames of this hurricane that may have been the costliest My I went down the mountain, and I met Beachwear, the weather was nice and she needs. I walked into a little dust storm, but regardless, I was real funnier. I asked him, why do I find a fortune theme, he says, not to end up, what does that mean? But it's too dangerous, I can't have him all. That corner's deline. Hell, I think I'm in practice now. You're a science, you're an innocent man. Why you can go back and lie around. I'm the one who's not afraid of you. I can't heal for a minute, you're the one who's going to turn my baby's feet. I don't say much as grossly as I say pretty good. So get yourself to a classroom quick, you're American now, stop making mistakes. We don't matter, it's dangerous, come in and walk. On 18th, 560WC, don't forget the QM fan right now until 2 is if the Wendy's 8100 Northwood or West 33rd Avenue in Hylia, stop by to win some garbage prizes. But, why do they go register when a Honda Civic Hybrid from South Florida Community Service is in. 570WC, the public said 1305WC, the University of Driving Correl Springs, looked for the rock re-light beer display, rock solid, and spin the vehicle for prizes. It's almost like playing Vita Loforsion. In it? Right. Or by the wheel, it's perfect. Kennedy, John Edwards promised the West Virginia Mother yesterday that if the Democratic tickets elected November, the military draft would not be revived. Oh, right. During a question and answer section, the mother of a 23 year old originally graduated from West Virginia U, asked at which one of the drafts would be reinstated. Oh, there will be no draft when John Kerry is present at Woodson, the same in the Duay Loud, standing obeyed. Oh, man. Can you believe that? Or a tragedy. There must be schmutz like crazy. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Good job on it. Oh, I'm going to wrap up. There's Hall of Law. Man. There's bacon legs. There's kishki. I'm going to like that off and see if I can play it. Okay. I'm going to shmir it. Remember that whole business about the CD cleaners and the CD player. I've never got any of that stuff. No. This is not. This is not the player. That was legitimate heavy duty. Schmutz probably one of those mornings I was eating bacon. There probably are a few things in the world because you have to touch it with your hands. Nobody's bacon with a fork. You know, you eat it with your hands and it's like pure grease. Man, can you imagine what that's doing inside your gut? That's it. I think I've made it. Maybe. What do you think? So far so great. Oh, hey. I'm dying out of the hands. It's like a person. Yeah. That's just what it's like. I must say quite a way of dancing. I'm not a racky person. I know. Wow. That is. That's that into best. We'll do that again one of these days. Don't let me forget. Not too soon. We do that a lot. Yeah. I don't like repeating in polls. But that's a good one. That's probably not forgotten by some more this because we got these new shows. There we noticed all the great things from the new show. I can't think of any. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless on. Probably the thing from that 70 shows probably pretty popular. Oh, yeah. How many for lamb, huh? 2 am. Yeah. Is that steam ever? Why 5, oh, by far. Hey, you're right. Next time. You're great. See you, man. Yeah. All right. Now we're going there. Okay. Thanks. Well, now we're doing. Yeah. I just want to cry. I'll tell you right now. I just want to sit down. Have a good old fashioned cry. That's great. Yeah, well, we'll just toss that in and between. Okay. We're still doing the, uh, the favorite glue characters. But we'll toss it a few. How few TV things songs, too. Yeah. It's kind of like, Nixon mad. Sounds good. Movie things will be good, too. Yeah. We just want to go to all the way. It's permanent from the polls. Do we ever do movie things? You know, I don't pick with it. Sure we do. I think I got a John Tash movie thing collection over here. Best song from a movie. What was the air was meant song from that space movie? The, uh, apocalypse system. Apollo 16 and whatever that was. I don't know. Oh, come on. You don't know. I don't know. I'll get this. Double QM hello. Thank you, John. Yes, Mr. Spock would be the logical choice. Yes. No question about it. Mr. Spock. And you still haven't seen those spots with, uh, Bill Shandler and Leonard Nimoy. No. Shame on you. WQM. Hello. I got two qualities for your pull. Neal Wallace, uh, the Robert the Neal character in the movie. He. We're going to want this from Braveheart. Okay. And why is it all about? I guess that just caught a mature right there. 5605605, how 560 on the Verizon and singular wireless lines? WQM hello. Yes sir. How are you sir? I have two quick comments for you know the pull. I'm in hospital. Listen, uh, have you heard, uh, this guy Mike Maloy in the movies? I have no idea where it is. He is on the air American network and let me tell you, I recommend if you have a listen to it. He has show started 10. Be patient by far on that on that whole network. The show starts at 10 at night. I can't at night, maybe that's why. But nobody ever talks about it. But it's the most clear precise because I know you don't like Frank. It's very scripted that show. Very boring. All that to line for me. All right. I mean, and you can tell how scripted. You know he's on TV. All right. You know. Yeah. It's ridiculous. But I do recommend that show. I want questions that I want to ask you. Because I know you really don't like Bill Mar. Can't stand him. In fact, he was on 10 a couple months when I saw a little bit of it. And even like we would 90% of what he says. He just makes me sick and I stomach. He's just. Oh, but I thought like, well, you didn't like what's his position. Because I think he is the only one of everybody else who uses the way he can get a very good avenue. You know, to talk with our beings. I guess the press or then he does it. He takes it to people every time. He has a monitor. I don't know if you watch his show. But it's very, very good. Okay. One of my poll. And George, my, no, this better than you. It's a very popular Spanish guy. And things for us. Okay. Yeah. Who is it? I think it's the, I mean, you got the orange. You got the orange. Do you know, though? No, if they're not wearing songs, I don't know if they are. All right. But maybe you're proud of them all. Is that the moment we got you? Are we going to achieve? All right. Why? I don't know. I'm lost and I'm like laying out on that. I have no idea what you're talking about. Because nobody speaks English anymore. No. WQN, hello. QN? Me, oh, my queen. Yes, sir. Speaking. Hi. I'm Carl from Westphob. Yes. And get to Stern. My wife, she's listening to the buzz. And Stern came in and tore her up. And tore me up at first. Mm-hmm. So that used to listen to the, to the mole, myster. And now that Joe's back at seven. Yeah, he goes to 11. So I got that real best of between 10 to 11. And I got Bob and Tom before 10. No, I'm a settner at Westphob. So, in the lead, it's sweet. What's more than more than more than you want? Yeah, as long as Stern's ass gets off by 11. Because that's when Rose, the big hit and won't get off. And now I got one for you, Paul. Yes, sir? Uh, Josie Wales? Yeah. Yeah. And I know for Halo like that. And I'm brother. The outlaw, Josie Wales? Yes, sir. And I had one more thing. But uh, I think we're going to say Josie Rocks. No. Because he's on the set of noon from O. Okay. Have a great day, Pally. Thank you. See ya. Do you think Josie Wales? The, the Josie does rock. But okay. I'm gonna. 26 past 20. But anyway, I am. 26 more. 26 new Roger. 26. 26. 26. 26. 28. And then new Roger. 23. And then new Roger. 23. 26. 27. 27. 26. 37. 37. 27. 37. 37. 37. 37. 37. 37. 38. 37. 35. 37. 37. 37. 47. 35. I'll be happy just the wind the ass shit. What's this? I don't know man. Better that time. We're dead, you. You've got sirs. I've had him. This is the nice orange. He has. No. Oh thanks. Well 31 29 until 2 of 2. And we got the mad dog at 2. And then after that it's. There's a guy. Yeah. For a moment was being Jewish today. Here's a fashion Johnny who says, What about Cheech or Chong and or Chong from the Apat movies? We put a lot of the package. Yeah. Cheech and Chong. But I mean, see I have a problem with that. That's like the Peely Herman thing. I mean, they're playing themselves. Yeah. I don't say with themselves. They're playing themselves. Not according to them. Okay. But I mean, they put them on there. More than the mirror. Okay. How's that thing going? So far, who is your all time favorite movie character? Don Koleon, a man. 70 votes. James Bond 43. Dirty Harry 40 Inspector through So Pink Panther 34. 20 Montana from Scarface 28. Pluto from Animal House 27. Darth Vader's got 25. Hannibal Lecture 24. Michael Koleon A23. Howard Beal from Network 21. And the Jeff LeBoski from the Fatal Winski 19. Randall McMurphy, a cook who's next to only 17. How about you see there? Well, I guess we covered that when we did the who's your favorite godfather character. Did we? Yes, yes, yes, we did. Climans, Tessio, Kali, Frateral, Fatini, Saluto, Salpilucci, Fatalia. Oh, man. That shit's funny with Bowden. It's like an obsession. It's like a sicker's like an obsession. And of course, there's always Mary with a big snarzen godfather 3. When a huge gigantic proboscis, all the pretend that movie never happened. Restopped. Stop it. See, I mentioned the Catholic Church said, well, if you're going to put all that nasty stuff in there, which is all true, at least make it a bad movie, so nobody remember it. Yeah, make it suck. Right. Well, the Catholic Church knows something about that. How about you QA and hello? And you don't? Pretty good. I was wondering if you caught that sick free and roach special last night. And then I wouldn't have sick free and roll. I would have watched that if you paid me by the second. And I would watch them. It's pretty hard woman all the time. You know, get better and all that stuff. I mean, I think lovers don't. I mean, I can't figure that out. Are they lovers? I'm trying to make them all go get a congressional committee to investigate that. Are they lovers? Well, let me see. Let me think about that for a while. Let's bring in Inspector Pooce. So and try a lot of combs and Miss Marple and all these agonists who Christie as well. Huh? Wow. Wow. It's good. Mm-hmm. And I think it was serious. Let's see. Here's a fact that says, Mike Boa, a 10pm is the bomb. Fearless intelligence and nice high baritone voice. Pools no punches. People should try him. Says PD and NMB. Mike Boa, a 10pm. Scare America. Why do we want to promote cheap-hand? Well, it's the last dancing I want to do. Hmm. Right? And so, this is, I want to hold a move. I want to promote them. I mean, the goddess won her tape for a live hour that holds horse ball line up to Vega. And you talk about the state of radio and software. Wow. It is. I think right now we may be in all time low. All time low. Is that? Here. I can't remember what it was about. I just can't remember, Sitter, Matt, Sikai, Mishmash. Nobody has any idea who's on first. What's on second? Who's got, it's, uh, tattoo. A team of productologists couldn't find the line up for this radio station. I'm talking about the one I'm sitting at right now, release talking on. Brother. Let me, let me check the left of this schedule for next week. Now that you mentioned, I, I never even looked at those things a week ahead. What's the point? Get the press. Let's see. Man, oh, that's right. Money. Like I said, we lower our schedule. We got the Marlon Pregame in 1230. Marlins and the Cubs. Oh, brother. That's a huge double hit of that as well. Am I right? Of course, by that time, I might be a moot point, you know. I'm going to get into that. I got to go judge about twenty-something. Yeah, twenty-something. Twenty-something. So that's could be a very humongous double hit of Marlon's. The Cubs starts at 105 and the Pegame at 1230. Then let's see. On Tuesday, you got mad dog and Mohour David is. Oh, they're done. They're used and continues and continues. And then we got Thursday. You got Hurricane game day at 4 o'clock. Because you got the Huraculans and, oh, brother. Look at this. Seriously, I can't believe what I'm reading here. Huraculans game day starts at 4 o'clock on QA. And then at 630 switches to Power 96, 96, 4 o'clock on that. And because then we got the Marlon Pregame on QAM. And then you got the Philly's and the Marlon's at 705. Followed by Houston Curr of Cubs and the Huraculans at 745 on Power. Oh, it's just, oh. You can get vertical just trying to figure that day out next Tuesday. Then a week from Saturday at the 25th, we've got question mark and mysterious at the McAsuki's because Joe Rose ain't here in a more he's over there on 790 doing a fine job. So then we got the, and what about Kelbee? I thought he was doing the Saturday thing, isn't he? Oh, oh, it is just a massive mess. It's another Greg Reed F. and mess. Nice going, Greg. You idiot. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. How can you get three purple hearts and not just in a night in the hospital? Yeah, I don't know. They're looking at a mirror find out. 560560 boy, you talk about a Yahoo right there. There is the boy that's the guy's call right from Bush Country. WQAM Hello. Find out on the eighth. Maybe if he talks to your life's, to carry you, come to House and lead for you. He'll beat all of your carpeting. WQAM Hello. Yeah, but I thought I'm now, I got that winner for your poll. Okay. James Scott, he is the heat, the boy he, and I got a Robert Scott on touchable. All throw down with the wind. We got a table. Wow. Anything else? Yeah, but what's the other thing? And of course, not one of those was the name of the character in the movie. The number of the last. Great job, pal. He was truly, really, really sensational. WQAM Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you doing? I'm doing great. I got a great one for the poll. Okay. Just snails. Just snails from daddy's shop. Oh, I can't burger. I want to see you burger. You can't do anything like this. Sensational. Okay, thanks, pal. Got it? Yeah. Ishmael. WQAM Hello. Hey, Dylan. Is it real? Yes, sir. Speaking. I'd like to ask you a question for daddy's film about the hurricane dog on the Sicia and Brock Cohen. I think he always go to rural England. Okay, segments, basically, then black shoes and socks. Or a clown couple. Yeah. Ishmael Frag, I forgot to mention one thing before I hung up on that guy. Oh, right, guys. In Bow. And we see a lot of evidence of that reason. You're a season new, Rogers. Correct. That's why I said that. I was going to show him like a dog, pal. Guy. Go. Let me tell you something, pal. Long-wind states and girls still. Oh. Prepare yourself for the ultimate showdown of the film. Agent. Much as credit. What do you want? Wait. Come back. It's ready for night near an elixir. And Jason's are plotting a third date. Yeah. That's right. The ultimate showdown of the film. Just got evil. And it's alien versus planet earth. versus plenty versus Jason. There's evil everywhere. Wait. That's right behind the showdowns doll. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Ah. That's so tall. That's a shocky from the silent boy. No. The ultimate showdown of the evil isn't just evil. It's ultimate. It's alien. It's a alien. It's a planet earth versus plenty versus Jason. Of course, it's shocking. This game gets any theory. No, it gets it's him. But it's the guy from the tank that changed off as a guy. I see. It's not. It's alien versus planet earth versus Jason. It's a fucking versus mother case. What are they all playing around? I think it's over who gets top-selling. This is over. Poor. It's a really long name. Tell this. It's alien versus planet earth versus. What are you getting? It's in theaters. Now. 144 mad dog is too. What about the theme from she is? Huh? Oh, please don't. It's been going to Tom Jick. And I'm not playing more things. Speaking of Tom Jick. Is he like, like, bushes? He like a wall now. There are about a three or four days. They put another one of those puff pieces on some TV show. Some fall show on her. He hasn't written anything about anything. Going out on the stop for a market for how many weeks now? But turn man. Hey, Tommy. We're seven. The search party out for it. Also bring you a battery operator radio just in case. WQAM hello. Yes, sir. Oh, hey, you. Yeah. Kitten Tom. Got him. Thank you. Hey George. She's in strong. All right. We'll put her there. Okay. WQAM hello. Yeah. Got her out for the pole. Okay. No. Okay. Good. It's already on you. WQAM hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Yeah. That was very special. One of the great half-hour. Yeah, be sure. Put that one under too. It's already on there. First choice. Yeah, you're right. There's a lot of f**k on here. Right. Now that you mentioned it. Okay. Let's kind of recap now. Oh, we got. Who's your all-time favorite movie character we asked and done Corleoni. He's got it. Look man. 73 for the old odd father. James Bond 45. Bernie Harry 41. Inspector Clueso 35. Tony Montan from Scarface. He may have in 28. Darth Vader 28. Bluedo from Animal House. So 28. Hannibal Lecture 24. Michael Corleoni 23. Howard Beale 21. Jeff Lamowski 19. Randall T. McMurphy. Has got. Was he got 17. Ace Ventura 17. Alex D. Large Varge has got 17. Andy Dufresi Dufresi 15. For his dump 14. Mad Max has got 13. Clark Reswald from vacation 10. Never saw that. Do you see his hot? Yeah, it's all right. And it's okay. Jeff's so big. But we can't say, Jeff can only fast times at which about 29. Indiana Jones has got eight. Carl Spackler from Cadet Shack 7. Darth he's got seven. He's still on that yellow brick road. And look who she ran into. Peel he Hermit. He's got six. Build the butcher. Six. Sergeant Hartman Full Metal Jacket 5. Quit from Jaws 5. Quit from Dark Shadows he had on there yet. Shylock Holmes has got five. Buffalo Bill 5. Alex Foley from Beverly Hills Cup 5. George Bailey. It's a wonderful life 5. George Beasley don't have any. Josie Wales from the Outlaw Josie Wells 4 and much of other stuff. Small potatoes yet. WQA. Hello. Oh, real? Yes sir. We're got one for your poll. Hunky there from Starsky and Hutch. Do it. I think we're having technical problems. Wow. How many QA and hello? Hola. Hello. You've been doing it, huh? Yes sir. Speaking. I just want to do an afternoon and the guy's a mix. I don't know. I just want to throw in 100 Thompson. 100 Thompson from. Oh, fair little thing. I want to Vegas or where's the bus forum. Okay. You know what I mean? I know about George and nobody. I know about it. I know about it. I saw one of those movies. You know. I asked. I'll get a good one. Sorry. Get to it this weekend. Okay. I. Rouse. WQA and hello. That's a toy. That's a toy. Go to show them all. Okay. WQA and hello. Hey. Happy New Year. Go to show them that for forgiveness. Yes sir. I got some for poll but you quick items. First I'm Bush must go. Bush must go. I'm sitting in shock at behind the. The right wing triple slam is got the Bush Cheney bumper sticker. The little fish emblem and the cheese life license tag. Oh boy. Oh boy. I think that man as governor is probably his brother. Hey, if that license say how many years bigger are actually pro choice. Doctor. I'm a man. Second. Anybody gets a daily show report about the Cudor festival off right? No. It's repeated at seven o'clock. I nearly wet myself. It says seven o'clock in comedy central. Okay. And. In closing for the point you can be Jersey Wills. Now it's B.T. The next Cudor. The bride from Kill Bill. Okay. All right. See you. Take care. You got that? Cha Cha. Josh hasn't. I didn't see Kill Bill part one or part two. Did you? Yes. Both. And you. They were. One was better than the psychology. Yeah. You started. You started. You started. You know, the. You know, the. You start. You start. You're like in the chicken. A good person. Vampar. There you go. Like like the. Pupic. You. You. You. You. You. A. Raj. I have no. I have no. I. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. They're live. Every day. Because. Every last week. Pupic. Is. isn't. New. York. All old. Typing. Do. You. Chirth. With her. That. That. David. David. David. David. David. Do your, do your, don't wanna shake up, down in Washington DC. Because best president is still the channy. I'll do their great self-saving how much food. They can drink it for the day. Now that the Randall party is here, And only you are. Push in the face of a friend. And you don't know, my, but you still hear, And you are. Newy, oh, Newy, oh, You're the defy, My God, come over to the plunge. Here's a fact from working in Atlanta, Not to the contours with chronic rick. So as huge fan of yours from Atlanta, Listen to you daily on the internet, thanks for being a voice of reason. Otherwise maddening world of conservative babble on talk radio. The color of my son Mike Moe is correct. He's very good. She's now your political views. He was on WSB in Atlanta for several years, early 90s. And before radio stations decided I conservative talk was all people on the list and two. He'd be worth the list and he was very good when he was on here. And recently didn't succeed in Atlanta's because this is Georgia and you didn't figure it out. Thanks for the, uh, fuck to all. Now, all I would, Good friend of yours is in the news. Yeah, everything else your own. The buddy. Are all your own. And I should probably read this on Russher's shelf home. All was threatened that the answer arrow fart will mean the same. So first. Isn't thisio was that néamalist year by this way, eh? Military. In ambiguous comments to framing newspapers, the much substitution Alice to watch in Louわch. The premise for setting intensity forced the Jenning leader in the website. But he also hinted that Mr air f it needme killed. Speaking tomorrow, I'm sorry my hear Followream news. missile in Gaza in March and a successor as the Islamic resistance movement slater would go by these rallies the following month. We operated against them when we thought the time was suitable on the matter of airfart will operate in the same way when we find convenient and suitable time, one needs to find the time and do what has to be done. He said. Oh, hey, then. Yeah, there will be peace. There you go. That's right. He's got that road map on the front of them and we're on the way to peace. Peace of this and the peace of that. Speaking of that, Lionel Tate, who's a peace in my opinion. Yeah, so this man. Wow, bigger peace. He stood before a barred county judges today said he's not finally this probationless than eight months after being freed from prison, the killing of a six-year-old playmate. If county judge Joel Lazarus finds the take willfully violated in terms of his probationary faces 18 years alive in prison, Lazarus said and baited about to provide an unforenergy of evidence you were hearing. Tate freed in January as part of an agreement that included community service house arrest regular counseling and probation is accused of violating probation by carrying a weapon and leaving his mother's temper apart townhouse. And then we had the starry she kicked him out when and out and he cheated it. Here's remained in jail since in September 7th of arrest by BSO deputies Richard Rosenbaum takes attorney studies the negotiating with prosecutors to reach a settlement on Tate sentence based on the events claims that the knife is not considered a weapon under state law and that the knife was found on the ground and not in Tate's pocket as police reported and the role of Tate's mother Kathleen Gossettate entades most recent problems. There have been conversations on what the silly recommending Rosenbaum said he's optimistic to state that still will not recommend a life sentence. How's Nathaniel? What's his name doing? Hawthorne. Brazil. Brazil. That'd be replaced with sin and like in the air. It was you know, the cannibals. Right. And speaking of the aerial sharon and at part of the world. Finally, finally we have some of this story is almost can't can't be possibly true. The state department said yesterday that Saudi Arabia, our good Shmata wearing friends, have engaged in particularly severe violations of religious freedom and for the first time included the kingdom Saudi Arabia, a key US ally on the list of countries that could be 72 sanctioned. Oh my god. I like that. A lot. Yeah. A little bit on the late side. I wonder what all Prince Shmata is going to be thinking about that next time. Prince Zavandar Borcia. That's going to upset the bushy. And actually time he comes to smoke those big expensive Cuban cigars and drink their fine wine at the White House while he's spilling away all of this other crap that's going on. But don't forget to take you for those low-wild gas prices, Mr. President. We don't want to forget to say that before we get out of here today. Don't forget to vote. We've got about 400 selections on there for you. Who's your all-time favorite movie character? Don Corleoni. I mean James Bond is second but not even in the same lead, right? Right. Don Corleoni. He's calling. He's about 78. Man goes coming up next and then Joe Siddaki and we apologize to the events for that for the San Fy. Bye bye.