Cry day you bestier What's Gary doing tonight and crying minds what to know that's why inspiring nice read the Miami hero is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space It's on the house is Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant van. It's in the house John Kennedy sleeping with Matt's Hey, it's in the house. It's Jim Baker about to get birthday Harry fallvel. They think the girl sex sex more hot All the Harry heart amazing right guy from Florida a crossword puzzle to have no answer our own Pulitzer five is just for us Hot pops no letters to Neil Roger and we're so sorry uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing All day finally. Bradley rhetoric it's all in the latest. It's you Oh my I'm a hero available a supermarket check out counters everywhere and we're finer manure is spread all Manning say that again to be happy to some effects, huh? Well, you'll need we can play it. Yeah You call that a freaking newspaper. I call the Miami hero. They knew the newspaper They what I'm here in the room around the building this morning is that even the southward of fish No, seriously, they banded together and they said that they refused to be rat in the Miami hero Sun Sentinel and maybe New times city times Okay, city length. Well, but the hero no way no way Jose. I mean it's one thing to be stupid But this thing in the business sector in the hero today has got to be the worst article in a major market newspaper in history The opposite of truth there is virtually nothing in his article by Howard Cohen Oh, it even comes close to being true. I see very jackass is got another very nice puff piece They they go straight for our Greg Reed in the Sun Sentinel in the hero today But I mean this thing won't go get into it because I made do the whole show on a hero that I'm so nauseated and we've hold it And you wonder and then we got this thing with nightline and Would sink their broadcast group telling their seven stations ABC stations while you're not gonna broadcast that thing tonight We're Ted Coffell's gonna read the names of all those dead soldiers and You wonder why I ran a wave about the media and the fact that they murk and public doesn't get very much of the truth you gotta be Schmidt and me man And by the way speaking that you just leave real close to that button era Josh Just they don't it every now and again. Yeah, everyone when you feel like it Just put your own what it does don't but out so to boy would be talking to Dave Johnson at 11 o'clock about tomorrow's Kentucky, Derby. I got my house It's a Canadian thing, you know, I see One horse is out wimble and so Wimble is for tennis anyway not horse racing right right But anyway, we'll talk today a little bit later on about tomorrow's KY Derby Let's see here's the results before we do anything else of the uh the button Just don't get all panicking now, okay mr. Don't start leg in the swallowing head First he started now. Certainly first he started talking through his teeth, which is a bad sign Even though he's got the brain of a team. Yeah So this the cool it just ease into a gradually don't start pretending to be mr. expert Which of these people best does fits a description of the ultimate redneck we asked yesterday George's W. Bush wins hands down 364 nice peace. Thanks to the guy that calling give us the heads up On front line last night on PBS right and it wasn't civil anything like that about Bush and his born again Fanaticism department of health and human services Labor department and the department of justice As he had done in Texas He ordered these agencies to actively encourage faith-based groups to apply for money great So we all know all about that already, but I just you know I watched it. I taped them. I'm not gonna play it About the fact that our president say fanatical born again nut job, but she is She had written 64 cities the ultimate redneck Bobby Boudn 115 a distant second But pretty good showing Toby keep 94 Jeff boss were the at 69 John rockers 60 Jesse Helms 48 Daniel Carver 48 Steve Spurius had 44 Terri branch off 43 Terry Boudn also 43 Shoulder and a lot better than that I Just don't think as many people know about him as good old Bobby Boudn and they just hate it if I see Anyway, so they just they just pick it on poor Bobby where it's Terry that's your out of finger way up inside at nostril man He can scratch the inside of his head He can from the inside Richard Petty 40 they are in hard junior 40 Stone Cold Steve Austin 39 strong thermond and Ted Newgeon he had he had 37 a lot of similarity there Tony Harding 35 she moved up nicely Hank Williams junior 29 Billy Carter 28 he was a real Batser Billy Bob Thornton 27 David Duke 26 Billy Ray Cyrus 25 Charlie Daniels 23 John asked Croft had 22 James Carville 16 nice hairdo John daily 15 Willie Nelson 15 Jerry Glandville the black Outfit at one 14 Sine Fox a dozen that's amazing in it All right, the Sun is probably heck of as it doesn't people know who he is there a wall trip and Timothy McVay 10 apiece Jeremy Shacky 7 Jimmy's Johnson 7 we got a shot Jimmy bump Philip 6 Carmelon had six dollar part and five I'mus Man the I'm in at five Bill Frist at five We're less to spend his evenings frist in the night away Watch it Ross Perofime Wayne up here Junior yeah, he's reaching for it all right to bet it ain't the button Charlie pride Andy Grippin the Chad Ford Jimmy Carter Jerry Jones Reba McIntire three of piece art modell three Jimmy Buffett three are modell How did our modell get on this poll? I like it was say it was talking about bad sports owners and Josh puts our modell Right Jimmy Buffett three Marge shot. She's dead two take his in ski two Zack Thomas do one for Chris Collins worth work clock Matthew McGonney Randy Johnson and no votes out of over 1500 the big or Sam Elliott and Glenn Campbell How could Glenn Campbell have none? I put him on there. They just wanted to piss me off But didn't work Harold did it though No, no, no, well before we get to that. Let me just do two things All right, because I want to spend at least a 20 30 hours on this today How could a major market newspaper puts it's garbage? Such swill in its newspaper big 106 not hurt by shock-jock loss. Oh my god. Oh This has got to be the dumbest you could understand this maybe like in the weekly reader, you know Maybe like in a in a grade school newspaper did you ever make um as probably before your time we used to like print stuff on gelatin Jellaton yeah, you never know that make copies. Oh, we made a lithographs We do it a carve stuff out and make prints No, but this was on gelatin No, when I was a kid that's the way used to make copies of stuff. We didn't have like printers You know copyright So you used to have like a gelatin and you have like purple ink. I don't know the whole thing We've made copies that way even those of us kids used to do that never printed such garbage as The mommy hurled us on a regular basis you people are evil man. You're the anti-Christos You're the anti-Christos you are just brutal the swill that you put in your newspaper And haven't only they must be jumping into bed with cheap channel. I wouldn't you think yeah, I'd look like it You see we got the hero that takes on a one hand. They got the very jackass column. He's the mouthpiece for Greg Reed And then evidently in the business section there the mouthpieces for our clear channel And well we get to a first behind the beaded curtain today. We've got Elizabeth Grayson Who was born April 3, 1960 which makes her last time I checked 44 old lady Born in Ozark Arkansas her real name was Elizabeth Ward Not kind of interesting not not real interesting but kind of interesting you change your name from Elizabeth Ward Which is kind of easy rules right off your tongue right to Elizabeth Grayson which I don't know about that And oh Mark Grace Remember Charlie Gracie Grace land Anyway, she's been all over the place the interesting to you maybe five days ago as of April 25 she dismissed her agent was giving up acting in order to pursue her interest in creating visual arts He's earned a BFA was studying for an MFA. Oh, you better not dump MFA. We don't know what the MF stands for and I mean watch it Careful get your finger right near it Let's see she was in a highlander. That's our guess what she's famous for right Amanda in the highlander about whole bunch of those Murder she wrote queen of swords charmed the vampire queen bite me. I got it was a name of that episode. I think we can say that I did What her better check in a fat man the incredible Hulk fortune under the twilight zone night of the week 1985 She's been around past the ammo Three for the road Sydney Shelton stands at time the strange case of Tom jica and David hide The final mission 83 hours to all of these things so there you should Elizabeth Grace and behind a meeting curtain now the way things are going right now You better be dang sure that you've got several pieces of ID You pass for over the age of 47 and you got several people to box for you too because otherwise John asked Craft number was VDIs start rolling around on the page there, but he'll hand his hand nicely come out and grab you around the neck Kind of like what the Gwen was new to Teresa on a passion. What you'll see that today And sure you'll be watching it. Oh yeah, now I better do the break because once I get started here's today's pool Okay once I get started on the hero I might just bust a gut Here's the pool today on the arrages.com Which in the and somebody suggested this yesterday? Don't blame me if you don't like it. Oh, gee, that's really another silly one And by the way for that JJ and pepper pines that sent us that bitchy facts of us in Monday or Tuesday morning early in the week I thought well the show just ain't the same anymore. You're doing all the other crap We sure is how kicks some serious ass yesterday. We still know for a number one or number two in the day because we got that CMQ FM that Gerardo Schwartz whatever his name is on there dear most sports Right What are we doing? But at any rate where we did just fine okay we zoomed up two points between the fall when you know And this book is no prize just because we did well I'm like I say oh this was a very scientific rating book You know and Rap is what it was power 96 is number one in the afternoon person's 2554 that's what they went from 15th to first Based on what that's not even their target demographic. Oh, excuse me for saying demographic because the people in the hero That no idea what that means Seriously you are Howard Cohen whoever you are at the Miami hero. Do you are the ultimate jackhole? That's what you are You're just your your shameless your beyond belief at least if you're gonna write something in the business section Many other section except the funny pages have some idea what you're writing about I bet you this guy don't even on a radio And the big story out of the softwater ratings yesterday the big story was big 106 taking a gigantic dump after Stern got taken off by cheap channel and he writes with a headline Big 106 not hurt by shock.com loss. It is unconscionable. It's idiotic. It's shameful. It's disgraceful That you people keep lying to the public first it was about the metro rail and then it's about something else Just lying in lying in poor max Castro you dump his ass because he told too much of the truth They heard all the like people who tell the truth. That's why they hate me like poison. They can't stand the truth We have to stand Jack Nicholson over there straighten their ass out Which of these people as the worst looking here real or fake and we're not really saying dead or alive I guess we could put a Howard co-cell on her to make Dave Johnson happy sure Howard co-cell put him on there too More Howard David it Dennis gets in here's my short list Dennis gets in it Sam Donaldson Donald Trump and Howard co-cell That's the first five the worst looking here real imaginary make believe muskrat absolut all of these things 12 at a chapter 10 at five 60 WQAM think about this for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations It means Beating the competition on every dimension. That's why Donald mattress is so big they've been doing it in South Florida for over 12 years When you call 1 800 macros you'll get better prices better delivery times better customer service Better everything Dottom mattress one the 2004 better business bureau local torture ward for excellence because they work hard to Then anybody else to earn your business before doing an after the sale When you call 1 800 macros and speak with one of the expert bedding consultants You can rest assured to getting the best possible macros anywhere choose from all the top names they got them silly Serda Simmons King coil temper pedic and stirrens of an anis foster and 1 800 Mattress you'll discover there's never an extra charge for same day delivery either Dottom mattress takes same day orders all day long from candle the Stuart Palm Beach to Ford buyers Don't forget when you call 1 800 macros you pick the day into our delivery window when you want mattress delivered What is convenient for you? They're probably delivery record on time deliveries 99.7% of the time I'm one of their Ziggins of satisfied customers and I guarantee you will be too when you make that easy call Just pick up the instrument call 1 800 macros or log on to their website at matris.com Dottom mattress the easiest piece of shopping delivery dude is called 1 8 heaven MATTR ES the easiest possible way to get to a great night sleep for years to come 2 a The media is sick a neat talk dad And a gen of that rat me Oh well he's the teller has me That's me Double they fill a All my God Well he's a president He'll done who doesn't have to run and when else is gone away He might as well just move right in He's hard She's hard She's hard He has the golden spoon he was born with love as that so look out on you juice Get ready for the dad he's a teller has me nasty Oh, he'll give our civil rights the whammy Oh, I need the teller has me nasty Oh, the billet Belly the very well he do with very patchy views who never played and do By the scare will all be screwed She called She called She called Any spark who in that race against buddy would pay why do you think they call it Filbert the Toreal and he wins He's a color has he nasty Oh, he'll make the cake a happy Oh, I need the teller has me nasty Double better than me Oh, great He brought Double Let's do step Come on Made off Come on, let's go watch your hook of boost up what you said All right 18 at five six feet over to QA. We here's the historian referring to in a business section of the my meat fish wrapper My me Harold the worst newspaper that pretends to be a major market newspaper in the history of the United States Is there any question about it? No peace of garbage And they have no shame. Who is it was at Jim the feeding that wrote that article several months ago when he basically said well Gee we used to be pretty good at the hero, but now we can't afford it anymore It would all these budget companies we really suck what you write on target about that Jim use suck Okay Business section my me Harold April 30 of 2004 a day that will live in infamy headline says big 106 not hurt by shocked jack laws Howard Cohen writes Big 106 is sudden replacement of the controversial the popular shocked jack Howard Stern Apparently had little impact on the radio stations most recent ratings In the three-month period ended March 31st the ranking of WB GG 105.9 a fam aka big one Oh six tell from 21st it's 20 second overall ratings in the demographic of 12 and above the latest arbitrum figures released Thursday show That's the only number he's gotten here that's accurate of course it doesn't mean anything because nobody cares about 12 plus But anyway he goes on to say and here. I mean if you're gonna lie don't just make up numbers you jack hole In morning drive time hours however when Stern's show error the station maintained at number 17 position Most of the tracking period included Stern show except for March will of course since it's only three months That's a third of the book March you idiot you jack old you The full effect is during the departure and late February will likely be felt in the next quarter's tracking period Superball fall out nobody could get a Jackson's Bear address swept stern off the oracle account communications on stations across the country including big one or six On February 25th the station's Foxrooms talk show for the hearing of off played classic rock cuts from lice of Led Zeppelin ACDC and pink Floyd then it goes on about CMQ FM did this and power 96 did that and about about a very briefly into that So we don't get a mention because we don't do 12 plus and nobody cares about 12 plus except Howard Cohen Let's go back to that one paragraph about where he says the station maintained at number 17 position in morning drive Well, let me just tell you right now Right in my hand not just because somebody called and made up a bunch of numbers, but here it is right from arbitron Okay Monday through Friday 6 to 10 a.m. persons 12 plus again in demo We really don't care about but nevertheless that's what he's talking about in the fall book WBGG had a 4.3 share They were number four Where he gets to 17 out of no because they would never number 17 either one 12 plus Sorry as he just picked a number and stuck with it Number four in a fall in the winter book. They went from a 4.3 down to a 2.7 from 4 to 18 In 12 plus a precipitous drop They're cum dropped 40,000 people their time spent listening drop 45 minutes But don't confuse Howard Cohen with those things because I'm sure he has got no idea what any that means now For this clown who says well didn't really affect him at all. Let's take a look okay Howard Cohen you idiot you embezzled you you lightweight you fed away you simpleton you goofball you You total absolute incompetent Do a little bit of homework is that possible? No, no, no He just he just the amount piece I guess for people you're just like we got very jackass the only difference is nobody reads very jackass With a brain just the sports nerds okay, but we already got them all locked up except the 33 are gonna be listening to Carl Foster In February well, let me just go back to the beginning of the year many team plus 6 to 10 am big 106 had a 7.1 share In February that's the Howard Stern show 6 to 10 all four hours February they had a 9.9 share in March without Howard Stern they had a 1.8 share oh my god 9.9 1.8 does anybody see this picture? Is anybody need a translator for me to interpret this picture for them okay boys and girls? I'm sorry didn't hear you the first time said dropping off the face of the earth from a 9.9 to a 1.8 Like that Different no Not hurt by shock jack laws you are seriously this again a major market newspaper not in some like hand out that they're handed out on street corners somewhere Not one of those rags where they just put a bunch of ads in their intro a couple of articles in like like the local local town reader whatever they call that crap And what is supposed to be a prestigious newspaper? Pumeless surprised when he mommy her while those days are long gone okay when in the speed joke You're at a disgrace Here's a fact that says I was listening to the today show this morning Katie Kurrick How tragic was interviewing two investigators about the American torture for wacky submitted though you saw those videos? I'm sure yeah, I did pretty disgusting. Oh, are they doing like having an orgy there? And then they go back to factory again It all of them always the case About the American torture for wacky civilians in the same prison of same allegedly with torturing the same people Traditionally we're pretty they're used to it There was bitching about we're breaking on their traditions. We want them to make feel uncomfortable One method of torture was we heard the pictures was attacking the wacky's naked in the shape of a pyramid Anybody who fell off or shocked with a thumb kind of apparatus thing Well, we can't tell you where they put the thumb because then jashled dump it Since we are torturing civilians have you seen the documented pictures? He's seen the scarf course We've all seen it. We're also handcuffing male civilians forced to wear women's underwear to sell bars right? We're degrading and humiliating it seven so on Now what is this what is this formal how congressman Jim traffic and what was that? Paul the poll oh His hairpiece okay well I'm a little distracted right now. I got bigger fish to fry put him on there. All right all right also done king Says how are you got it with all the on king five facts is about talking that kind of my fingers still stuck in a socket And I can't get it out that kind of look Anyway getting back to this article. This is just so grotesque and so pathetic And when the entire spring book comes out big one oh six is gonna like practically vanished from the facetia radio broadcast map in South Florida And whoever put the headline here obviously this this was an article with a purpose with an agenda Because I realized that the people are right the article don't write the headlines But whoever did write the headline there was definitely a message in here big one oh six not hurt by shock jack laws You should live so long okay? I think people ought to be canceling the hurled and drove today I'm not gonna renew it in fact for you know nobody being at home. I'm not gonna well we know it They can rod and hell I'll see the out grab one of the hills off the ground. They're that's sitting in front of you know those 15 20 minutes Around on the floor and nobody wants to read a grab one of those when I come in one there The idea that anybody would pay for a newspaper that just In accuracy would be one thing, but that just makes up a bunch of crap a bunch of lies That takes a great journalist like Max Castro off their op-and page because of the fact that he tells too much of the truth And because he doesn't fit in with their panoring agenda That's all they know about his panry who are they panoring do he in here? I guess cheap channel huh? They go to business will mimic a good match keep channel in the hurled I'd a disgrace an absolute industry disgrace There it is. I can't tell you what I just wiped with it. Okay the hurl and believe me it wasn't what you think I wouldn't touch myself with it No 1026 at five 16 wqmd lights the west book is dedicated and providing you with the best products for weight loss Tazy low carb diet if you're on the and can sugarboss yourself Be too many low carb sugar free diet. You're gonna love this store because it's the number one low carb store in the u.s Of A now I want you to listen because many of they would new reduced car products on store shelves are geared toward cutting back on Carbs, but not really unloosing weight Delights west book is expertise is always been a continues to be on the weight loss phase of low carb dieting They've got a worth thousand products with the focus toward the lowest carbs possible Then I'll can all fit into a successful low carb weight loss plan the spring sale at the lights is in full swing So stuff on buying load up on good stuff They got a staff that knows dieting inside and out the open every day seven days week 10 They'll then the lights are west book or you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to Boston market We're gonna call them toll free at 1 877 low carb net for the WLOWC ARB on a web. It's low carb dot com don't forget Delights a west book as your official atkins retail center But your president our polls show the American people are concerned about the gigantic budget deficit Yeah, uh, I understand hey, I got an idea. Let's contact this man suffers from a serious Affliction called DADD deficit attention deficit distorted But he's not alone Senator Senator Perry What will you do about the budget deficit we need to increase taxes? But not quite as much as we increase funding virtually every politician suffers from deficit attention deficit disorder Those affected are enabled to stop spending more money than they're bringing in and now alarmingly He he has spread to the general population honey look at this credit card bill You're right we've got to do something Oh, look big screen TV's on sale Let's go Please get generously to the DADD fund and we'll spend more on research than we get in donations because we too suffer from deficit attention deficit disorder Until we find a cure for spending the money you can't afford to send us will be forever in your death 1032 at 560 WCUAM What do we got so far in this pool? What's it these people as the worst looking here real or fake? Donald Trump 55 More Howard David at 26 and Donald's in 23. Don King four. He'll do better than that Howard co-cell 2 Dennis Cassinant Superior And none yet from our valbert gene Kedi. I hate don't even know who that is Kedi. He's a Purdue basketball coach Is that how you spell it? Yeah, gene Kedi K E A D Y is Kady? Yes, and more of Albert none 120 I'm gonna check that during the break not that I doubt you're spelling, but why I think you're full of it What would you doubt it because he's usually wrong? Anyway 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line. I'll think if you call us, but I'm just whipped up about this other tip couple thing too It's just so it's typical, but I'm talking about the media is just brainwashing and dummy down to public the public hasn't got any idea What those really going on and this is what passes for news in America including the piece of crap the Harold I wouldn't wipe your ass with the Harold. How do you like that? I wouldn't let you I'm not talking about you Don't WQAM. Hello. Let's talk to you. You're so good. Hey, uh, no. Yes, sir. I got a uh a dude for your whole. Yeah. I've got me in tune of the answer sheet WQAM. Hello QAM. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Happy Friday. Uncle Meal. Back to you. I would like to add a name to your wonderful poll for today. Yes, sir How about Ted Coffell? Ted Coffell's got really bad here. And I'm gonna get staining right up straight right now. It's over. I Coo that just happened to have died on his head. It just they just wants to be how do you do to you? He had a frustrated childhood. Thanks, pal. I'm frustrated myself. Uncle Meal. Take care. I'm unemployment. Ted Coffell K. O. P. P. E. L. Speaking of hand. I'm glad you mentioned that. He's got brutal here I'll take another one. Aaron Brown. I mean, and of course it's not brown. I will say that form. It's a red. It's black. It's uh orange. It's all kind of shades and colors. It's like a comedian piece. It's kind of like Moe's a little bit. You know, I mean, absolutely. Yeah Kind of like blackish around the edges and kind of comedian red. It's all over. Aaron Brown. Plus he sucks anyway. He's just awful. He's so minigree. He's they julie women of uh journalism of journalism Sinclair broadcast group is ordered at seven ABC stations not to broadcast Fridays nightline tonight. Oh my god. That will air the names and photos of more than 500 US troops killed in the Iraq war. In a statement online and I never even heard of the Sinclair group. I know it was a gas station. I never heard of it. Did you know that they had the TV stations? Uh no. They heard them. We have now. In a statement online the Sinclair group said the nightline program appears to be motivated by a political agenda designed to undermine the efforts of the United States and Iraq. Sinclair's decision announced yesterday they do a sharp response from ABC news. We respectfully disagree with Sinclair's decision to pre-app nightlines to be to America's fallen soldiers ABC news and the statement. The nightline broadcasts have an expression of respect with simply cease to monitor those of lay down their lives for this country. The show titled the Fallon will air at 1135 tonight in it newsman tech couple will read the names of the US troops killed in action while their pictures are shown to the viewers. As of yesterday 533 US are don't tell up uh poll wolf or it's to see there he's about 200 short. You see his testimony to they uh he thinks about 300 to die to even nobody's talking about he was just talking about this month. Oh as of yesterday 533 US troops have been killed in action in the US in the Iraq war and other tune and foredied from non-Hospital incident 737. Sinclair general counsel very favor confirmed the company told ABC affiliate's not to air tonight's nightline. We find it contrary to public interest he said. ABC said that on first anniversary of the 911 terrorist attacks that aired the names and produce of all those who dot on that day. ABC news will continue to report an all-fascist to the war in Iraq and the war on terrorism and men are consistent with the standards which ABC news has said for decades it said. Sinclair statements that ABC is politicizing the war. Now there was only supposed to show the good stuff that's going on not to fact that these dead people are given their lives right well whatever for whatever it is. A lie. Mr. Copeland nightline are hiding behind the so-called tributton and effort to highlight only one aspect of the war effort and then doing so try to influence public opinion against the military action in the market statement said. Here comes the real interesting part of this story. According to campaign finance records top executives at Sinclair given more than $8,000 to the Bush-Tainty Reel Action Campaign the executives haven't given any donations zero-zibity on not one penny to John Kerry or anybody else. Sinclair owns an operates programs or provides sales services to 62 stations in 39 markets according to its website. There ill anti-Kristo man. In addition to the ABC outlets in fairs TV group includes 20 Fox 19 WB 6U per how come they're not pitching about putting a foxes programming on the year. That's patriotic. That's fair and balanced journalism. Huh? It reaches approximately 24% of all U.S. television households according to the website. The groups ABC stations are in Pensacola and Tallahassee. St. Louis, Charleston West Virginia, Columbus, Asheville, Winston-Sailorn North Carolina and Springfield-Massage chusets. ABC News will show the tribute live on a Tsar TV screen in Times Square in New York. I think it's a nice thing that they're doing as long over to and what do we get? We get a bunch of Bush liickers, the Sinclair group. Oh, we're not gonna let you show that. We don't, and of course it's 1135 at night. So in other words, all the rest of the day when people are actually awake and watching TV, then we can put all the propaganda on there. You know, we can keep making excuses and kiss and kissing bushes in the Cheney's ashes. That's okay. What is this thing here now? Just this phone he does. Oh, this is cute. Ah, from Aintree, Joja. What? Isn't that amazing how people will take so much time to put on a bunch of crap? This is Reverend Jones. Is it love? Yeah. No speakers of America. You did a poll based on who's to be even, you can see it right at the top. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, it's so weak. So boring. So trying to be funny. See, want to go back to one to show over the years. It's one of the worst things. I mean, though, worst is people out there with their faxes, with their phone calls, who think they're real funny, real humorous, almost always they're not. You know what I mean? Kind of like you're a animal, same thing. Who people think they're real hoot and they're not. You're like him. 560, 70560. So there you go. Are we that just as another example of what else going on in his country and that is managed news? It's not bad enough that none of the networks give you the real news anyway. Not one of them. Has got the cones to really go nuts about this. Look at here's the new CNN poll. How's the Bush handling Iraq Disapprove 49% Approved 48%. April of last year, 76% Approved 21% Disapprove. What did difference a year, makes, huh? And 737 dead American bodies based on the lie. Oh, we don't want you to show that because it's bad for the Bush people. It's bad for the government. It's bad for businesses. It's bad for the propaganda war. It's what they're saying. An absolute discant. Talk about blatant than brazen, huh? Yeah. And then of course keep in mind when the CBS wanted to show the Reagan miniseries same thing. The right winger. I got ahead of the opposed. You, uh, you've done it. We don't have a whole lot of listening to show but we have some of them monitoring the program if you can't find your right. You've done it, man. You've got it. Lock stock and bagels. You just got your hands right on it and your squeezing real tight. Really messed up all their plans when Bubba got in here for eight years. Did it everything under the sun to try to get his ass out of there. They all day came dang close. It couldn't beat him in election fair and square even unfair because it wasn't close enough to fix it. So they had to try the impeachment process. The old stain blew shirt deal. penis gave. So now they're back in here again. Robis failed in wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and the old chaney, the old crowd of neocons, chicken hocks and they were doing this thing. And then that show on last night. Combined with that article we had yesterday about the Armageddon crowd. 33% of Republicans are in this Armageddon crowd. These born again fundamentals. Who can't just wait for that data becoming so we can get on that road arm again. These Israel lackeys not because of the fact they like to Jews that they really care about Israel because it's part of the prophecy baby for Armageddon. So that we can make enough for you. Can't refuse including the Jews then you're all going to go to hell anyway. Well we just and they talk about the Muslims being crazy with the 72 virgin and all of that crap. Jew will convert or die. I see. Sounds like an old story brought back again. And local. This is horrible. It's the moving. Everyone is talking about the controversial story of a final day of Donald Trump and his 12th episode, the passion of the Donald. People tonight somebody is going to betray you. The passion of the Donald triumphantly chronicles the last board meeting. All the rosette. You mean to tell me that you betrayed me for 30 pieces of silver. You could have easily gotten three times that much. All the rosette. You're fired. The passion of the Donald. He may be whipped but he's never defeated. I've always fantasized about you whipping me but if you're going to work for me you will have to hit a lot harder than that Katrina you fired. Don't miss the all inspiring conclusion of the passion of the Donald. When one blessed of a premise finally nailed down the job. Bill Kwame it's time to decide who goes up to the heavenly suite and who goes down to the street. But to find out you'll have to endure something far more painful than crucifixion. A two hour life finale. The passion of the Donald. If you don't see it. You fired. Did it. 1046 at 560 WQIM. 130th Kentucky Derby to Marla KY Derby's coming up. They've Johnson become 11 o'clock. You ready for it? I'm ready for this. This way's national inquire. Are they finally put some stuff in there? It's not, I don't know. A secret evidence that God Jackal went dead. I'll read that. Front page OJ confesses. Okay, I did it so what? And there's a picture of OJ with that angry look on his pussy. Don't really angry look. Plus his lawyers would obrits her silence. You don't see anything. Kardashian. She didn't see anything. The daughter over here's him admit to the murders. This is all the one of those. We think she overheard it and she forgot about it. But she repressed it and now it's coming back to her and maybe he said it it's a pretty bizarre. They're desperate. Right too much going on these days. I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through the whole magazine. Okay. Well, mother Monica the movie new tell all book will become a show all film about the affair with Pres. It's going to be down and dirty. We can't say down work is then Joshua will be leaning on that button over there. But anyway, she's got that movie coming out and she wants she she's at least being honest about it. Now she wants to make some more cash. And why the hell not? He's making plenty of cash. She's got that book coming out. Hillary's making big big bucks. Right? Right. So I can't that bitch that slut Monica makes some cash too. O. J. Murder Confession daughter Sydney. I'll get to that eventually. I wouldn't get to have said it about it. You know, you always see the picture on a front page and the big headline. Then you could read the inside. I see this pretty disappointing. You let us down. I think Maybe they're getting like the hero to think. You don't have anything juicy. They'll just make something up. Like hey, look at Big One06. They're doing just fine without how it's firm Mister. Which of these people is the worst look in head of hair real or imagined Donald Trump 80 in the worst part of it is its real. That's that's where are we think? Oh Howard David at 41. We know about that piece. Sand Donaldson 28. Don King 18. Jim traffic can't 12. Well, that's right. I forgot about him. He is really. Wow. Wild child like you work that it. Gene K. He's got three Ted couple three Marlbert to Howard cocell to that as Cassinist to an air in Brown or have any at other 91 how can that be? Air in Brown salute and Coup line nine Q a N. Hey, do you hi done pretty good sir? Yeah, I have the numbers you want me to tell your listeners for channel 10 down here in Miami to make sure they Do air that channel 10 is carrying it. So they're carrying it. Channel 10 down here is carrying it. Yes. All right. I'll bring a VHS copy for you. That's maybe you don't get it up there. Yeah, we don't get it from Buffalo and air carrying it to thank you. I mean, I know I appreciate his efforts in all that. Let's see channel 18 on my cable is uh Oh wait a minute. Wait wait wait. Do you why did I do that? Just in. Can blank it's that one and two in the morning because it was a cold evening bite. Oh my god. Michael arrives at court for the arrangement just in. Are they an embarrassment or what? Yeah, Justin everything is breaking news just in breakfast. Well, there's a WKBW channel 18 ABC in Buffalo. Oh, they got spots on right now. We don't want to know spots. Plus you never know what words come. I've heard not on there on ABC station right? Something a Josh would have to like be no for an all over the place. Right. WQAM hello. WQAM hello. Neil. Yes sir. Neil how about call ravage? He's got a silly looking wig up there. Carl ravage? The guy from the S.B.M. Never seen him. What about a Josh? He said forget about it. He said forget about. I don't even know who that is. I'd have heard it. I remember Bob Savage, Western piece and then of course Michael Savage who ought to be in pieces. I noticed Jick had took a real good shot there at Michael Savage. That's gone Tom. By the way, hey Tom, how about some names? WQAM hello. Anya, I want to be a boy? Yes sir. Tom King. No kid and John King who's got 21 votes already. Thank you. This is my favorite part. It's amazing how we like, you know it's like an evolutionary process. Right. And my favorite part of the poll now is when somebody calls in like her all excited. Hey, I got what it's growing one and it's you know, got 85 votes already. We should keep counting. See if we can beat our old records in such. Yeah. Oh, I think we got a shot. As Jimmy would say. By the way, his heroine executive, which is called real, I mean it's like Greece down and everything but he's got a really bad bad wig. What about is that real? Jimmy Johnson. So he says. Nice. Looks like he can. Yeah, kind of see what happens. All right. In fact, when most of them are in the morning, Mo was out here this morning. He got wind of his numbers from yesterday. And my do mean got wind in the most literal sense. And he's got what does that is he thought that maybe most of her little nausea after seeing those numbers? That's what does that. Okay. I don't want to create any kind of a problem there, but I'm just quote in what he told me. Did you hear him say it? Here what? nausea from seeing those weak morning numbers. I mean Howard Stern goes off the air. We go up two points. Afternoons go up to number one. They go up a full point. And our morning drive show goes down six tenths of a point. With the big competition there, with the big shot going off the air for a whole month. You would think they'd go zooming up there if we had anything going in a morning. But evidently we don't. WQAM Hello. Yes sir. Is this Neil? Sounds like me. Hi. I have somebody for the pull. Okay. Okay. Does it have to put a be a woman? Sure. Okay. Naomi Campbell. Now I'm going to Campbell's got bad here. You sure she just haven't had a bad hair day? She just haven't had a bad hair day for a whole life. Okay. And oh and you asked for me yesterday? I asked for you? Yes. And Bobooy. Bobooy. Oh okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well I gotta go somewhere, you know, to get their looking for a place to land. Uh-huh. WQAM Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How about our bill come off? Bill come off. She's got a bad piece. Yeah what the hell is there for you? It's alive I know that. All right. Thanks pal. We'll see you. Yeah the weather for a channel 7 missed come off. She's got a wheel freaky thing. I don't know if that's for real or not. But I wouldn't touch it if I were you. Got only knows where that thing's been. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Town 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Tell me the QAM hello. Tell Neil how you doing. How about a grand grand grand from the Miami heat. You ever see that mop on his head? No. Pulled out of a mop bucket. Okay Brian Grant that sound like what he did me didn't it? Sure did. Yeah that sound like what he's doing put it on there or not. If you don't feel like put it on it's okay too because that was what he was a real jack hole. We can't stand him we'd have spies him like poison. And we don't care about the Miami freaking heat anywhere I'm going to show do we at all no even a little teeny tiny bit no care if they went like which they won't. But we don't care about them. WQAM hello. Denise Rodman is an magnificent choice thank you so much. I just pulled it out of the side specially. That is Rodman. She pulled him out of the fact machine will be a fact to tell you but now I don't have to. Well be sure and change the cartridge. With gloves. Very jackass big and a jack hole is very jackass right ready for a third all sports This is an article again ghost written by very jacks on behalf of Greg Reed our general manager QAM who puts all the heat he programs all the material that Barry writes in his column every Friday. They must have a little chat they get together and they have a chat room. And they sit down and in fact maybe the two of them I'll have a chat show mornings would be good because it's certainly being proven over what we got on there right now. Absolutely. At least in the early part of the morning. Ready for a third all sports station asks a very jackass and today's hero just filled with all kinds of crap. There are a few things we don't particularly need in South Florida. Yeah like your column Barry that would be a great start. More late afternoon rainstorms during the summer for example or higher gas prices. Or yes another sports talk radio station says Barry. Although nobody is clamoring for at local business man Carl 9 lives foster on Monday launches the markets third all sports AM radio campfest 14 every the fan. Unfortunately most of the fosters host have the same work recognition as your mailman. Nobody knows who the hell they are and nobody will either because nobody's going to be listening. And nobody's a private of South Florida gets a fourth all sports station in the next few months. ESPN radio which passed on doing business with foster is aggressively pursuing another outlet in the market. Or when speaking of 1400 the fan you do realize that that meant this morning was the last division of the current incarnation of the normally Kent show. Right. Watch this process. Because he was they were buying that hour for money or eight to nine or whatever so no more normally Kent on the radio. So you see the something that's been a commando that. It says ESPN declines to discuss foster but undoubtedly covet a stronger signal at Broward base 1400 which has spotty penetration in much of day. And much of Broward. Instead foster will use programming from sporting news radio also carried by WQM or not too happy but it and sports by line USA. Foster is buying airtime on 14 under the most of his expenses being covered by a marketing from that purchased 80% of foster's business people who buy airtime generally like to hear themselves on a radio and foster is no different right story. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha that's how's like a shot. He's going to have a former Miami Stingray's quarterback. I need to marks and James Brown from Fox NFL and Tom Alexander then nobody ever heard of and he no cost of from a Jacksonville nobody ever heard of and Arnie Spanier and Ronnie part of that nobody ever heard of and Arnie on a coast and peruses we've been this through this before 17 under the fan and it's a it we've been to this silliness before is what perists and if anybody knows silly. Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami tomorrow the 130th running of the Kentucky Derby now got a guy in the phone right now is called at least a hundred of them. I did. Did you? Do you regret it? I'm a little old but no I don't regret it. How about you Neil? How about you see? About 135. Dave Johnson is what is David the economy Derby to Marther is no derby unless Dave can call it so you're going to have to live forever I guess is what it is now you're even at the ask me which horse I like do you because I'm sitting here in Toronto and we got the Toronto connection. Smarty Jones. I like smarty Jones too. Oh no that's bad. Oh party. This is an incredible story I got a front page story from yesterday's National Post which is a horrible newspaper by the way I'm sure you know but anyway about it says murder injury and the terminal illness near fatal looming and all these things in her past can't keep smarty Jones from being on the feet and maybe win in the Derby. It's an incredible story in Stuart Elliott in New England, Jackie who's to be at Ilya every now and then in its dying days to be an overnight sensation. Do you think? Well I mean he's only you know what does that's often in the business for for uh I don't know we got it we got a cautioned Dave I mean we can say ask but let's not go a little bit beyond that because in the present climate since we talked to last will rapidly losing our ability to say about 90% of what we said in the past. You can all be okay then. Out of the new regime we have in Washington now we have to be very very cautious so you've reached your quote you could say ask once and now beyond your best behavior. Okay I'll be on my way. He's worth a very hard in the picture. Watch your ask. He's worth very hard in the business for 30 years and he'll be an overnight sensation. He's one 3000 races and uh this could be one more. I mean reading this story about how he smashed his head and the starting gate and I thought he was going to die and this is an unbelievable story. He's talking about the horse now not the jack. Not the jack you know he collapsed on controversy he reared in the gate smashing his head into an iron bar. Collapsed unconscious has had tucked between his four legs and his right eyeball driven into his skull with blood pouring from his nostrils. I mean this is amazing and I was undefeated. And uh he could he could easily get to the front probably halfway through and just uh just run away. Yeah you think? Well he was a very good two-year-old too. I mean he ran some numbers that were they they knew right away that this was a a freakish horse and I say that you know just like gruffian was a freak. This horse is just faster than his contemporaries. You know it's probably just as well with current climate that's going on and Bob backwards for us got the scratch mumbled in. Yeah because you know if he were to with one and you know what he what he what he does when he gets up there especially with you guys up back to the race he has a tendency to unleash if you uh exploded too so it's good that Bob's not in a race. I want a radio now Neil I don't do the TV anymore. Yeah you'd have to remind us we- haha I love radio. But we're delighted to have you on a radio because quite frankly radio is becoming an anaclanism very much left out of radio and I'm more so we're delighted to still have you. I love it. So who else do you like to hook smarty Jones up with him all day? Well how about the the great horse happened coming from behind you know at in the in the stretch show. I don't like you can say that. I don't think you say the name of that horse. Captain? Oh! Okay. Captain. That's all I was going to take. Okay. That might be nice. Well that's my my second choice. Who's your second choice? Because we will throw smarty Jones out and you and I have to have our side back here. No I'm going to pick uh imperialism can't a sormone. Oh I'm so sorry. haha. What do you say that? He's not fast enough. Okay. Well he could surprise you know all the surprises coming to Derby every year. They really could. So I'm hooking up smarty Jones with imperialism. I just think disormous good. All the way out. Ma'am who knows. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I would be a lie if I say I followed you know real closely. But the smarty Jones story is very big up here in Canada. And since you agree and since he had such a great two-year old season he might be the one. Now if you watch any of the races in Florida there's a source we the footnote. So I just saw in television but E-Ren a couple big races down. Robby Elbarado. Is that it? Is that bad? No it's not bad it's good. Yeah. I mean if he did it before if we'd put no grand the big ones before we could go to noon I may I'll give you a chance you could probably pick there's a 19 horse fielder you could probably pick six or seven more if we're going here. haha. Well that's my trifecta though. Okay. Marty Jones, read the footnote. Okay. I got smarty Jones imperialism and I'll throw me to footnotes in there too just to make you feel better. Thank you Neil I've read it. Okay. Well listen have a great call to Ma'am as you always do. You may be pleased before let you go you'll be pleased to know our pull-through is about people with bad looking here in your close personal friendly. Howard Co. Sal is doing just fine. Hey I saw Hank Goldberg he said the thing to very well with the station and things are good. Things are fine things are from 10 from 10 a.m. until 7 p.m. things are just going swimming well. Well now in the morning and the early morning hours you're good friend Mohour David who refers to this race by the way is the KY Derby I just thought I passed that along you. Mohour is having a few problems but they were trying to straighten him up. Okay. Have a great day tomorrow Dave will look forward and we'll talk to you at pre-pastime. That's the luck Neil talk to you at the pre-pastime. Take care. Dave Johnson. Trent Lot for the pull. What do you say? Absolutely. Says the Seagarld is here looks just like a helmet. So what did they say said tap it? I did you dump it or you tap it? I tap it twice. Oh, let's see Mr. Mark somebody wrote this says just wanted your listeners know you can catch a two minute video on the BBC website bbc.co.uk the children you wreck. He prism or abuse what phagor it says and so you are. Absolutely correct. Right on it. Amazing. 5 6 7 0 5 60 so how do you like that Dave Johnson I both like smarty Jones which is quite a story that horse. You really died. 5 6 7 0 5 60 let's take a call online 5 QA and hello. Hey Neil I got a name for your poll. Yes sir? They're running out of my car more and so don't jump on me now if he's on there already but I'll take you is a good good one Matt Lower. Matt Lower's got brutal hair good choice and he's not on there you'll be pleased to know. Thanks, Paulie Matt Lower you got it we got it. Which of these people has got the worst looking air real or imaginary. Did it rely Donald Trump 114 and I don't think they're gonna touch the Donald because they don't want to surprise you a little bit we'll see more people will be voting for Mo but they ain't seen him yet they haven't seen that thing. Mo Howard David is 50 sand Donaldson 34. Don King 33 Jim Framper can 21. King 88 Marvelle Ward 6 Ted couple six Howard Cocell for Dennis Cassinant's for Brian Grant has got one Dennis Robinson one Aaron Brown Gilcomald they don't have you the one yet. Aaron Brown don't have any Miss Kamals she don't have any either is what we're hearing. Hey what can't say. Oh tap it. Let's see you're sending me some interesting of blank practices and blank pages is pretty good. Yeah like two out of the last three pages I would say that's bizarre. Yeah this last one that says page one out of three I hope the other two don't come true because they'll probably be blank too. WDQAM hello. Stop the post please WDQAM hello. Hey Neil how about condolisa condolisa's gotten nasty looking here and the rest of her two to go along with it. But we hadn't heard from the whisperer in a few days there huh? Must be having trouble getting true or maybe just looking for a life you know. I have no right. So is this anything important that you just smashed me or was this stuff? I'm trying again here. Okay try again I got plenty of paper. 560 pound 560 all the AT&T in Verizon wireless lines in pair broadcasting and the Miami hero what do they have in common they suck that's what they have in common. Twist them manipulate and want to brainwash the public and then these people just blatantly I mean at least the Harold and C'mon put it on the front page of the front section Hey we're gonna give you a bonus report about the ratings in about big 106 and about how it's firm they didn't do that but sing clear just basically it comes right off front says hey guess what you can't carry it we're providing any of our affiliate security because we don't want to be like the message it's bad for business. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Pretty good. Pretty cool. How about any joke with cornrows? Q 567 0560 all we did have a point pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line one of your people I should point out It was oh yeah absolutely no question about it am I right absolutely I know it WQAM hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. It's Brian Andrew the channel 7 how are you? Hey Brian how you doing Brian a channel 4 I'm in channel 7 How are you? Today's my last day and I just wanted to call and say thank you for nine years Busting my chops on the air and all of that and that thing you've got to let's you Not a man in the town and you've been with by Neil Roger. Hey boy what's that in your mouth? We're that talking about women so how you're going over to channel 4 to do what Brian the same thing we're doing in 7 action I'm leaving in two weeks for CBS news in New York I mean we're going to be working for the network During my non-compete Well wait wait wait did this happen I thought I read a thing where you would go over to oh I see it's channel 4 but not the locally in other words the big time the network What if it's an interesting deal that'll you get me to go to CBS I'm actually going to do stuff for the network their new tap service and then I'm not I'm not ready yet. I'm like a little are you doing like a radio voice now? I mean a TV voice I mean you know Yeah I don't know what you want to do Talk like a guy I mean or close to what is your possibly can Brian come on No, but I actually some friends in my Bob of Channel 7 photographers are huge fans of your show and they did Brian it's your last day you need to call Neil and see something So I figured I'd call you this big thing Well that's great now we're going to be able to see you on the area. You're going to be behind the scenes Are you going to be reporting or are you going to be doing stuff doing people what are you gonna do Yeah, I'll be out the air for six months in my end even but then I'll be back and we're still working out the terms of what I'm going to be doing for fourth one I got on the air there in November Oh, I see so in other words I was right you are when you come back you are going to be on four When I come back to town. Yeah, I'll be working with California Well, it's not what I said in the beginning and then you said oh no, I'm going to CBS in New York, New Isn't that what he said? You know, let's go to everything works out and And I'll be back here at six months So in other words, maybe you won't be coming back in other words you just kind of like covering your ass here and like Hatching your bets and that's fine a good luck, you know Well, that was I just I just want maybe you'll be sitting right there on Dan rather shorter one of these days you never know I would agree with that. Well, okay, that's the luck Brian and say how to all of our colleagues for us Likewise and I would still come all of those that you said you love oh yeah give them a big kiss for us All right, finally all thanks again see you Brian That's a care of that real quick Go for him good for Brian, okay. He's he's okay. We have no problem with Brian Andrews. He's got a good sense of Sure and a never store for a train and we had a good time at the IOD Brian Andrews. He was a flitter By the way, I forgot to tell Brian that Adam's still ain't interested 12 minutes after eleven Well, again, we got some people that move up and we're now hopefully he'll do better in what's your name that silly goose Michelle Gieler no no the one in the morning that last all right until array hopefully he'll do better in that and You know stick around if he wants a bonus. Oh brother how many days she last in the earth? They're not too big on a high-end of the up there. Oh now all the facts are just pouring in in fact Some of them like twice in three times because you're trying to make up for yeah Again, what extra well maybe my machines is trying to compensate for something Club in it's after 11 at 5 60 WDQM is your company suffering from regulations and increased labor cost Let Oasis outsourcing help when it comes to the people side of your business Paywell administration fortune 500 company employee benefits human resource services and risk management are just a few of the services Oasis outsourcing can cover to help your business be more profitable Call Oasis outsourcing today for a free or free evaluation at 1 866 at Oasis That's one 866 286 2747 With more than 60,000 employees worldwide Oasis outsourcing understands many facets of human resource management Out-sourcing's being recognized by firms large and small as a powerful management choice Which lets you focus on your core business while leaving the operational details to these folks at Oasis outsourcing So let Oasis outsourcing make your business more profitable for a free evaluation call at 1 866 at Oasis That's 1 866 286 2747 for Oasis outsourcing We're supposed to be a 5c4 You Invade your privacy you just want a time share vacation at a mockery resort they interrupt your meal Association really were really affiliated with that dead if we even have bumper stickers They're hated more than federal in all his close friend bush. They are telemarkid days and since they found their way around called blocking with fake phone numbers It seems there's no escape, but now there's help with the new telemarketing defense manual This easy to use guy provides inventive new ways to fight back against these telemarketing terrorists like the gauge wister Hello Who is this? Mr. bombardnik have you heard about our new shop a lot have you ever had a man before? Tell you about are you a bottomer a top? Learn how to use your phone as a weapon with the feedback method by simply holding your handshead over the mic of your speaker phone Hello I'd like to tell you about on the clock that cleaning side of this I think only a raise Yes, now you can wage your own private war against the scourge of telemarketing with the telemarketing defense manual to get your copy one of our friendly account executives will be contact in use Hello 1118 at 560 WK was in me or was a Dave Johnson little office feed today Did it seem like it? I don't know what he mean He just wasn't as usual bubbly so maybe he's having a bad day this week at Churchill downs Let me the first I could be or maybe hanged for some of his lunch anyway And then of course Brian Andrews that was a real out of nowhere out of the blue Under the radar radio no that's certainly it's a good thing you refatch this to me because this is a movie important They story and in fact it was so important I went online and I got the whole story since you only facts me the first page And I can actually read these pages You know from newsweek magazine under the radar radio But this is see if you wanted to really piss me off between a hero story about pig one Oh six and then the thing about that the sing clear broadcasting sensory tape couple under 70 BC stations and then this it just I mean is there no justice? What the hell is the story? I'm beginning to think that for justice we got to go to Don Koyong and that's it that's the only twist we got see because this is a pile of crap is what this is Anyway, before we do that some more choices for the poll here Ralph Nader and Albert Einstein This is not related no, I don't think so Also we had some other ones here to miss Jack or timer. Oh, yeah all the ladies are making a big splash How about you part? Nothing here's what it says my vote was from our Valbert. Are you worried that Your lady What is that I can't really leave behind the beaded curtain Because one of the ladies who accused Bill Clinton a fondlinger when she was an Arkansas She's dead. I wasn't aware that I was well there you go there's all the more reason to take a few a peek go at her Well I got copies and copies of that one. I must have been a very important facts more important than I realized because you sent me about Man copies of that facts Anyway, what we got going around a poll so far Donald Trump can't touch him 134 which of these people as the worst looking here real fake whatever dead are alive No Howard David at second though 57 not even half Tom King 41 sand Donaldson 38 Jim traffic can 23 gene Katie is got nine. I don't know what that is don't tell me again. Marv Albert seven Ted couple six Dennis percentage five Howard co-cell four Matt Lower three the niece Rodman two Kind of leses got a pair of nasty front teeth A trend lot one Brian Grants go one Miss Kamals go one Aaron Brown out of 234 We just can't get one for poor Aaron Brown. Somebody please vote for Aaron Brown. He's gonna feel left out Nope, get into this story. No, this is really depressing While the SEC cracks down on Howard Stern his Spanish shockjocks are as much as ever so far Says newsweek It was the eve of good fry. This is the me through this you by the way newsweek and it's got pictures here of shockjocks and weekay Santos and Joe Ferrero It was the eve of good fry in the mommy radio shockjocks and weekay Santos and Joe Ferrer were toning down the rack out of respect for the holiday and for station WSDJ's new list of 21 prohibited words and phrases Describing sexual and expratery acts So all that listeners got to leave What was that? To 11 there weren't a commute, but that's pretty weak was a color who couldn't sleep because of an average loud orgasms A song about a cheating husband who's left for top one of his testicles and some soundbites about everyone assumes was Fidel Castro Following about homosexuals and vaginas We don't want to upset listeners for our bro were getting on pay to entertain and do crazy stuff How are they still getting away with it in part because the boundaries are permissible Of permissible radio ranchers so hard to define but also because Santos and Ferrero are lucky enough to be broadcasting an esponial Spanish Spanish language shockjocks seem to have a defective grant of immunity from the FCC And does that frost my fat ass or what? Only one of its 20 staff investigators speak Spanish and none of the nine radio and TV stations find in the last 15 months Providing the agencies in decency standards was a Spanish language broadcaster After Janet Jackson Super Bowl breastbearing stunt the FCC and its umptious chairman Michael Powell began cracking down on likes of Howard Stern Who's talks has been dropped by six of the radio a jack clear sandals child Chistation this month third channel was five four and 95 grand for his blue tinge broadcast and is agreed to pay $755,000 for several trespasses by Bob it loves fun Now some Hispanic media watch dogs accuse the agency of neglecting their community segment of the industry Which is grown from 347 Spanish language radio stations in 1993 to 626 last year The enforcement level at the FCC has been very faulty says martygarcia a Puerto Rican American who sits on the board the National Hispanic media coalition. They've turned a deaf ear Not entirely in 2001 and two the commission did access fines Assess fines against four Spanish language radio and TV stations per gangs about anal and oral intercourse and a skit about Sex toys for critics ridicule the fines which range from seven grand to 22,400 for the owner of a radio station in New Bedford Mass as pocket change for such huge companies is Miami based telemundo Give me a break sis Alex Nagollas the NHMC's Mexican American president. I'm glad they did it but these fines are nothing Not a The FCC is currently reviewing complaints against two Spanish language stations one of them WXD J Wherefore arrow and Santos US born Cuban Americans achieved instant celebrity last year when they placed prank calls that Lord both Castro and Venezuela's president Hugo Shabbas Onto El Vaselon de la maana What else Vaselon? Vaselon it's a good thing. I see an easy good the morning blast is what it's said. Yeah Salat the SEC says him when it gets complaints that acts accordingly Paula's trying to find someone in Spanish language TV a way to make an example of his Santos 29 It's like a witch hunt and that's wrong and offensive right nobody's trying to make an example out of anybody else right senior Santos Not to mention difficult defining what constitutes a dirty word in Spanish can present special challenges The FCC's latest test for obscene speech relies on contemporary community standards But in Miami or New York Latin immigrants come from several different countries in much of Latin America the word beecho I mean simply bug while Puerto Rico it's lying for penis When a shock uses the word I better not say that does it mean take a hold of as it doesn't Madrid or is it vulgarism for Capilatings it isn't byness areas well three great guests. It's it's it But where does it will there's a way? Paula clearly has the will if he has a Spanish speaking agents for his free speech or upset a border patrol They could find a way and the shock jacks of course will find work around so the drive-time audience what must take El Vaselon de la maana for more in good isn't in esponial what the Spanish for this two-shall pass it says Right Very syrupy very like oh yeah in acute CQC all out of the crap Of course they did get quite what about the for grand for grand which they collected in pennies because everything's a big joke to these guys Yeah, we get the last days don't any pennies we got part of a thousand pennies that they've made the vibe That was a big news story on forget what local change Well, we mentioned it and repassing the other day, but it's a hardly a big news story But the fact that a matter of what we got is it like everything else in software We got what set of standards once had a loss for everybody else and then we have one set of laws and standards for people Low-spigging ways it's almost like a reward for people too lazy to speak English and of course That's probably one of the reasons that I'll make those excuses That's probably one of the reasons that CMQFM because I'm sure that Guillermo Schwartz or whatever his name is on her from the two He don't have any restrictions on what he says. I don't know and his exact. I know his act is blue So I don't know to one of the other stuff. Yeah, yeah, I'll be all you I heard it blue But at any rate, so there's the deal we got one set of standards it was so far Now some people get you know down to business and Start making complaints against people is speaking Spanish then we can like even the level of playing field Because that's the way it should be if we all got to buy out there's rules for which I don't agree with any of course Everybody knows that I think it's a bunch of crap. We ought to be able to say whatever we want any language But if there's going to be a set of guidelines for what we can say is best we can discern what they are Then everybody should have to play by the same rules and I write it 26 past 11 at five 60 WQAM Don't forget as Dave Johnson told you we got the big derby coming up for tomorrow and if you want to Plunge your guts on it pop at O'Park will be simultaneously run for the roses the 130th running of the Kentucky Derby from Churchill dance You can watch in Wager on the world's greatest horse race right at pop at O'Park tomorrow in fact There'll be early bird rage ring on a derby starting in one o'clock today and for both days Pomp and O'Park will have free pass performance pages for the Kentucky Derby field tomorrow It's closing at the knee top of the park restaurant, so I'm guess fat rich. So probably have like three feet Heatings when you think five and the special daddy will mull up an extra early at 430 in a p.m. There'll also be menjulops the official drink at the Kentucky Derby on sale on a special souvenir glass Located just a half a mile from both on 95 in the turn-pike Pomp and O'Park's easy to get to and best of all They feature free admission free general parking every day and of course live harness racing in the poker room Every Wednesday Friday and Saturday like tonight poker starts at noon goes on to midnight and live racing gets underway nightly at 705 including tonight. Pomp and O'Park also for sign-all casting open every day seven days and nights Weep each ring the best in harness store about high-light action from all across North America for you to watch in plunger guts on Pomp and O'Park a block South Atlantic Boulevard on power line road for the curr race scheduled is go online at Pomp and O'Park.com or call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000 don't forget you can start plunging on an early bird-way drink on the adurby early bird no less at one o'clock this afternoon See it and bet it tomorrow at Pomp and O'Park This is thein prices J foil Hope's too wide and paced and crumped and fast and steady We're feeling back a factor rolling and cheese The nose is a bit too just in case they need to do That just about all they're allowed to do Why does it all white look to the white look to the moon Who are looking at the white look to the white look to the moon Do they get a swollen heart while leaning out their guns Who are looking at the white look to know what Christians you perform Do they always have the dish? My family of the trucks who are white look to the white look to know what Christians you perform Do they stand in heat and sit back down again in youth And watch it all down with a 12 pack of fruit The life of order comes up and then you go God always smile upon pouring out of the moon Oh, I love to know what's up to the white look to the moon I love to know what's up How about that huh? I don't know. It's sort of nice. Okay, sort of judge. How about you go to bed? That's that. I thought that was a pretty innocuous bit but every now and then Just, I mean I'm just sitting here paying almost no attention Because I'm just very comfortable with that thing I'm just a little bit tired of it But then we get that cool and then you got real problems You got that black hole out there in the universe somewhere And probably before too long we'll be able to say that either A couple of passes here let's see I Democrats dot org check out the white hand side of the page about halfway down The bush record in your state it says it is positively Unbelievable. Sister, thank you, Steve Also, an article from the San Diego union That somebody facts to us vice president Dick Cheney has been charging the John Kerry It would be a dangerous president because he opposed many key weapons That the military now relies on him so presided over the biggest cutbacks in defense programs And modern history when he was secreted in defense of the first president bush As Pentagon chief from 1893 Cheney canceled a cut back many of the same weapons programs Bombers fighter planes battle tanks that he says carry try to deprive the armed forces I'm going to go some with detail in the specifics San Diego union tribute if you interested and also Charles and the airfield beach rights I'm forgetting what a widespread line's documentary The Jesus factor life that will have to agree that our president's select Is definitely one scary son of a bush I guess it's not bad enough that he's warning those of us who just want to live our lives His best we can awaken the defeat of the days they were religious fanatic out there Who wants to destroy our country, our culture, our lifestyle And it not a nutshell us and that we've also got a way about Osama Bidlam It's the battle of the religious nuts Charlie He says I don't know about you but getting cut to the middle of a religious war Was not how I'd tend to kick off the nomalini and frankly wouldn't surprise me to hear George Bush calling for another constitutional amendment to change Our national anthem from the star spangled banner to praise the Lord and past the ammunition is what Charlie said Just hanging there Charlie's gonna get a lot worse before gets better Once they start getting desperate then then gets really bad in running as what do you mean numbers to really drop it be a friend Be very afraid that would be my best advice to everybody anyway Who's what's it these people's got the worst look in here we or make believe you know I mean by make believe I'm sure he does dead or lie don't trump 157 more how are they to the 66 don King 50 sand animals in 41 did somebody but Aaron Brown still don't have any please come on Ralph Nader don't have any Einstein on and this whole time we don't have any there are a few hundred ninety three votes Come on vote for Aaron Brown. We Okay Bremer criticized Bush on terrorism before attacks did you see the story? No, where you should from the A and P L Paul Bremer the US administrator in Iraq said in the speech six months before the 911 attacks that the Bush administration was paying no attention to terrorism This is Paul Bremer you see how could anybody be so stupid? I mean Richard Clark or Republican John Dean Republican There's just a whole long list of these people who are ever been saying all of these things What they will do is stagger along until there's a major incident and suddenly say oh my god It should maybe organize to deal with this said Bremer at the McCormick Tribune Foundation conference on terrorism February 26 2001 Bremer spoke at the conference early after each shared the National Commission on terrorism may bipartisan body formed by the Clinton administration To examine US counterterrorism policies The remarks do attention in the same day that motion Dick Cheney appeared before the 911 commission to explain the precautions they took to a ready terrorist attack after taking office in January 2001 Why does spokesman scum accolades did not come at on Bremer's remarks directly but he said the actions we took prior to 911 demonstrate that we took the terrorist threats seriously The first major foreign policy directive was a comprehensive aggressive strategy to eliminate al Qaeda At the speech delivered in Wheat and Illinois Bremer whose diplomatic jobs included a Stin is a bastard or large for counterterrorism set of war against terrorism Would be unending If you called a war you suggest there's a victory set out with argue there is no final victory in a war against terrorism Got ya there Ported couple Yeah, he got that hair problem He's got the bad hair He's got the Sinclair broadcast group that won't tell a vice-e-shoulder night on their 7 ABC affiliates Because he's gonna be reading the names of all the American soldiers killed in Iraq and showing their pictures I mean you talk about a desperate attempt to manipulate the public opinion Of course, it's a you watch these numbers keep you roting and eroding and going down. It's getting in this is only a may keep in mind or I was main number one WCQA and hello Hey, no, yes sir. Yeah, I got one for your poll. Okay. Remember to hold you with a really nasty mop. Oh Hey I think he used to be on Hollywood Square Square with that moory Amsterdam or that's the guy What's the guy? Mo with a big ugly mop on his head That's the guy Or you should perform at the diplomat all the time Right, Murray Amsterdam. He also you would did the first tonight show before us devalan Right exactly. Yeah, I've got him didn't they have a great day Oh, and let's guess what we left off at our Marty Allen. We were just talking about him the other day. Alan Rossy Right, okay, and what's the a real freaky guy? The idea with the, oh man. Who are you? Huh? Not freaky Carlos The guy with the fray from the Frankenstein movie. I can't believe I got a brain fart naughty helmet Marty Feldman He's got a lovely do sure he can't tell because of his eyes you're fixated on those is that it? 560 pound 560 so much bad here in so little time WQAM hello Neil. Yes sir. In an atheist most of my life, but if there is a such a thing as a guy Yes sir. And there is such thing as God Michael Jackson will spend the rest of his life in jail About two weeks ago life in his life ends. He has also a shank one night in Rasko Oh, she's very large. Yes, he is. All right, have a great day. He's a giant industry. Thank you There's a bulletin for a hank his large, okay. You're following that. He's big and his numbers are to right number one And he have to know the hump or baby He is big. Mad dog at number number one and afternoon drive. We're the number one or two. We still haven't figured it out I would have thought by now that thanks to all of our connections you know with the tanner since we are on the tanner building We'd have been able to extrapolate that midday thing. Doesn't many of you usually come racing up there off? Here you go. Here we go. We got the hank. Yeah, but never like the next day. Oh yeah, you're wrong. All right. We usually get it by hooker by hooker from either from Miss Tanner or one of those queen one of those people by hooker. My hooker and no hookers with that lady. Speak of that. I better do the break. And then we'd get secret evidence to go to echo and die. And he showed up for his arrangement. In fact, it is there and is right now. Picture. No even that magic wand right over his spectrum. This is what Michael Jackson says. They want to show a guilty conscience. They want to show that Michael Jackson and his people were trying to keep this family under wraps and altered some of this family out of the country. And this alleged Brazil trip, which was supposed to have happened a year ago in January, but didn't is something that they have really been focusing on where Frank Tyson and Vinnie and men were going to take this family out of the country. Frank Tyson told me on the phone he was planning on doing it, but only for three three three three. You see, when he changes lawyers like that, a midstream right here just before the arrangement. And when he says his life is on the line, what does that tell you? Does that smell really of tremendous illinois that his ass is going to jail? Is that what the crawler, the lawyers are saying they quit and he's saying that he fired themselves. Right, what do you believe? Let's take a poll on it. 20 till noon is 5.60 QIM. My mind and local, we are sports video 5.60 C.U.A.M. And he's a billionaire. He can be tough. And he's got money for repair. And he knows. The baby just stood to hire. If he's wrong, I'm gonna tell you that you are fine. We can't just see him sitting there and he's gonna break with one hash to go. And get your double-bish show. And this ain't no way to stop. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're the man to shout out. Work it for all show. You're supposed to, oh, oh. Work it for all show. You're making show. Work it for all show. Wow. Show. He's kicking ass off. 163 votes. The worst here in the human race. More Howard David at Secondwood 70. I mean a gigantic lead. And nobody voted yesterday. Some of the two people vote for him, Brown. Thank you. I just felt bad for him. He's such a never should have been with you. He's got a pair. This patch you send me. Just lead me to wonder if anybody's really paying attention. All the things I've been saying last couple of months. No, don't. Speaking of mischamal, I seem to be having withdraw symptoms. How about freeway and spigot for all time say thanks a lot. I mean, you must be a serious mushrooms man. Everywhere they go. They either don't believe it or they think that we're over that we. We like you, Lee. We're over reacting. Right. They haven't seen over reacted. No. Come inside our building or can watch people doing cartwheels in the hallway. And just to have revenge on the inspitting blood. Then you'll understand what over reacting is all about. Got to be kidding me. Well, here are freeway and spigot now more accurate to you that. Probably. Ever. That is correct. Secret evidence that Kachakuin died at the court of the National Enquirer. Contensive briefcase all the grand jury needed. A briefcase containing pornography hidden away in Michael Jackson's bathroom was among the bombshell pieces of evidence that convinced Grand jurors to indict the pop star on child molestation charges the inquiry is learned exclusively. During a wait on Jackson's never land ranch last November police needed a loss meant to open the door to the master bedroom where the pornography was found. And prosecutors told the grand jury that the 45 year old superstar used the porn to arouse the now 14 year old boy who secures Jackson molesting him and playing him with booze nearly 2003. One of the key pieces of circumstantial evidence presented to the grand jury was a briefcase that Santa Barbara shares investigators found. During the search of Jackson's never land ranch is supposed to the top secret proceedings told the inquiry. It was hidden away in Jackson's bathroom and filled with portal magazines. It was established to the grand jury that this indeed belonged to Michael Jackson. Jackson allegedly used the pornography that he kept inside the briefcase to excite his young victim incredibly during the wait on Neverland. Police seized the blackler of the briefcase in the exact spot where the young victim had told police Jackson kept it. One of the magazines police confiscated was barely legal and adult magazine put up by hustler publisher Larry Flint, featuring adult women dressed in sexy young outfits to make them look like teenagers. Police believe Jackson showed that barely legal magazine to victim to excite him. Other items found in the master bathroom include a laptop computer store inside a locked closet and a digital camera. In the raid police also seized 16 computers at least 20 video tips and DVDs during the grand jury proceedings. It was revealed that the accuser and his younger brother, who wouldn't have some of the incidents, told police and psychologists stand cats. That Jackson used over the counter cold medicine and wine to knock out a molest of children. It wasn't mine with Jesus' juice. Let's write. Fresh with squeeze. Get it right. The boys also said Jackson watched TV naked in front of them and even fondled a mannequin in their presence. The boys also reportedly told their therapist the Jackson gave them a laptop computer so they could surf the internet for naked women. Among the witnesses who gave testimony to the grand jury during its 13-day inquiry with the accuser and his brother, his mother, psychologists, cats and the families attorneys, Larry Feldman and William Dickerman. I mean, William Feldman and testified that the alleged crimes took place that after they took place the Jackson came tried to intimidate the boy and his family with threats. The families belongings and even attempted to locate them to Brazil and inside a reveal. The inquarer learned that another potentially crucial witness did not testify before the grand jury. The boy who made claims about sexual molestation by Jackson 93 and got a $15 million buyout pay off. Hush money. The boy wants to testify only once and the prosecutors are saving him for the trial itself of the insider. They'll bring him out of a field they need to me as they were lucky to witness for them. The boy's uncle Raymond Chandler told the inquarer when he does appear in court it will finally give my nephew a chance to set the record straight. Michael would like to say that my nephew's charges were an extortion plot of fabrication, but the public doesn't know about the settlement which actions that my family was ready willing and able to assist the VA right up until that time until the price was right. By obtaining a grand jury and then against Jackson said of our registered attorney Tom Stendez able to proceed directly to trial without laying out his evidence in a public preliminary hearing. I subtracting his witnesses to cross examined by defense attorneys the trial could begin in December. It convicted Jackson who has maintained his innocence in spaces up to 20 years in a slimer. Oh, it's going to be a lot of fun in there, Michael. Oh, yeah. In the joint. Then on the bottom their patented cells on the back of the inquarer. New developments in Jackson case all had to acquire readers. Which is true. They've been doing a good job on us. Accuses mom is pregnant by the way. Yeah, requires learn exclusively that the mother of Jackson's accusers pregnant with father is army reserve major J Jackson 41 who took in the 35 year woman or three children last year. For a time the family was living in grim conditions in East LA, but they made a decided turn for the veteran inside of his clothes. The alleged victim who was disbelieved and tyranny to the kidney transplant following cancer treatment has improved greatly. He's 14. Now the cancer's in Rameshny's healthy and robust pursuing his education and gays in sports. And since the mother's father, what made you Jackson the family including the alleged victim's younger brother and older sister, have moved to spacious condo in West LA. But the family's been trying to keep the pregnancy under wraps in crisis for good about that. We know it. We're going to print it. 5605056. We have 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM Hello. A meal if you got her Reynolds on your last game. We do now. How could we forget? Okay. Thanks. We're at Reynoldsman and as you got it's really can tell very vain about it too. Why does he just walk around without the piece? Well. He's got much to hide against. What's all there excuses? Right. Famedy. Give me a guy like you will Brenner. Right. All right. I got one right here. 56050. Yeah. We got one. He's called the Beast. I'm not quite that Roton. 5605056. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Can I say the Beast is shaving it? Just head. His life. Keep your finger real tight there, man. Telling you. Just be lean. Don't be again. It's a subject to another lecture if you keep this up. I'm sorry. WQAM Hello. WQAM Hello. So boring with the pole. WQAM Hello. Meal? Yes sir, man. Hi. How are you, Neil? Pretty good. Neil, I got somebody that should score to the top of your pole. Okay. Okay. It's beautiful. It's really ugly. Yeah. Every cutley's got an nasty piece. Plus he was really crappy coach and was eating them all around. You know what that looks like? He put the Dudton Dudley. Yes. He looks like an electrified possum. That's what he looks like. Yeah. He'll be telling everybody, oh, I'm the guy that made the lightning. What they are today. You know, after they swept my fuel last night. Yeah. Yeah. I hear you. All right. You know, you have a good one. Okay. You too. Thanks. He put the Dudton Dudley's dear real piece of cheered man. Oh, but send him their money for next season. Even if they don't play a sin in a lot of money, the panther organized as they need a real badly. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WQAM Hello. Good morning, Neil. Good morning sir. I'd like to have lunch with your pole. Okay. George Rodriguez. Definitely open to you here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. WQAM Hello. Now we are. Your am? Yes sir. Oh, my. There we go. There we go. What were you Taylor? Who was it? Ripped Taylor. Ripped Taylor. Yeah. He's a piece of work. He's been on several poles this week's matter of fact. Ripped Taylor. Does he actually show up anymore on anything or is he like 100 years old? I have a tape of it a long time. Yeah, let's rip Taylor. Liz Donald Trump 168. Mohour David at a strong second. Absolutely. 74. Don King 59. Sam Dolls in 48. Jim traffic at 29. Others are all like minor league or so far. Oh, there's a present day. Andrew of terror. Yeah. It's dangerous all right. When we see Metro on PBS last night, I'm front line. I guess it wasn't like spectacular because we most of us already knew all of that stuff. But it's just a reinforces this whole goody two shoes born again, mindless babbling crap. And I'm certain I really think that he believes it. That's the worst part. Yeah, I think before I thought it was just a act. Me too. Just like a lot of the AA people. Oh, I wish him to say that. That guy who was on a lift up about that bill. What was his name? Would it 12 steps? I don't know. Bill still in the basement. I got a still in the basement. I'm going to drink some of Jesus juice. The 12 steps program. And of course without Jesus, we can have the 12 steps. Could we? So there you go. The 12th possible. Exactly. All of these things. Well, speaking of famous people. This is what we're going to do. We can't go back to the all that Racy language anymore. That stuff that was right around the edges there. We have to back away 15 yards and punt. But we can start playing some really heavy music. Yeah. Was that ever that ever not really is the secret over there? You know, whatever that station is, the CMQ. The late salsa queen, Silia Cruz and crossover star, cross-dresser, star, rookie, Martin lead the finalist while Divas Alicia Keys and Gloria Stephon had line to performers. At what is this? This is the yesterday. Did this take place last night or is this next Thursday? Let's be asking you Josh. Well, this is your people. Wow. All by the way, for real, station and later came in last. Here, the station Scott for real is on and out of that FM. Were they doing that? I just thought I didn't know that. It came in dead last. Yeah, my tool made. She said it came in last. I didn't like that. Aren't you surprised? I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. Yeah. Cruze who died last July who couldn't sing a lick. Well, in fact, is a picture of Silia Cruz. I mean, this was last night. I don't know. Or, see, this is what happens when you are the touch. I didn't see Tom's secret about anything about this. We're talking about an educational last night. Cruze who died last July is nominated seven times. Well, it shouldn't be a big piece if this was last night. It says that Thursday's Billboard Light Music Awards, this was in yesterday's a sensational. Couldn't possibly be. It would have been splashed all over the front pages of your local papers, wouldn't? You'd think. Right next to that thing about Big One was six. He's doing just fine without the discernment. My life and local. This is Fort Wale by 16. You may have. This is Pope John Paul Williams. And if he asked me, they always say more fun than playing grad ass with a Swiss guy. Is the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour. Oh. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. There's a picture it says Latin music lovers, holy olegly see his junior pusses for a photo with a fan Thursday night before the billboard Latin music awards televised live for the first time you name a watch it watch what what. Shame on you man. The mood was informal and upbeat at the Miami win is the work of satia cruise Ricky Martin and whanys and a few newcomers one honors and it's a picture of uh... holy olegly see his junior and I'm going to tell you she floats like a butterfly she makes a Mickey look like her hercules hold that's a that is a quiet comment all of shant nearly so pretty is uh... and we can but that's another story for another day seen a cruise Ricky Martin and whanys one triple honors and the article says by Jordan levin who hopefully knows a little more than how it can i wonder if they will have so many jews understand one of the biggest winners among stars competing at last night's billboard lat music awards was the one already in musical heaven cia cruise they beloved cuban queen of salsa all there's so many cuban queens but this is the beloved cuban queen of salsa who passed away last to like our three awards use probably known a few cuban queens in your time well we got one working here it was a number of my stony by put a week in pop star ricky martin colombian rocker one is i mean in fact that cia cruise and ricky martin one of most of the wards is a pretty good indication that lat music is in the cramper although she was all speaking of crapper uh... the room where i'm here is that south beach everybody's bailin on yeah i had heard yeah all the rappers have moved in all the other people are moving out what a strange phenomenon that is you know that's what i'm here although she wasn't physically there cruise provided one of the most emotional moments in the wards of the first live broadcast on spanish language network telemundo the audience stood to a plot as cruises has been paid road night accepted her word for top latin album artist of the year and one of the best musical moments was when oscar dalyon john a talent in tina jorkist ruh from the harbour conservatory for the performing arts and electrifying when it's new cruises latest hit last hit rea eeliora rea eeliora what is that what is it a name r i e with a uh... sento on a i rea eeliora oh laughing cry is an a d i can't make a is an a d i can't make a i bet you'd sound like that sure something like that another class to kick mix goes bond i al recodo one of the holofema word was adapted both old and new segue from classic bonda to a boogie down the ground number complete with disco whoops whoops polina rubios dance pop and the louis fauncey strider rock anthem couldn't compare it says curiously the words in the indicated a disconnect between the Latin music on the radio and the music that people buy there was almost no overlap between elm awards for sales and airplay awards for frequency of radio use presented by billboard magazine tell them under the awards were based on the billboard charts from per word 15 2003 and per word seven two thousand four it's kind of like the english language thing too there's no connection between music that people like and they buy and what you hear on the radio itself florida if you catch my girl if you catch my girl if established arse dominate is there were few surprises or new faces and live indication of new trends in Latin music judging from the charismatic performance by chili and rockers la la the show could have benefited from more new musical blood music musical highlight was a powerful to wet by guest trumpeter artoro sandawal and young american soul singer elicia keys i understand what is elicia keys have to do with the uh... latin grammy's are no picking up a check how about alicia bridges uh... what she was there cid cilia cruise while i got to play at sometimes when we can so play cilicuz one top-level of the year and trumper la medier female for all boy i guess they had a probably studied that for quite some time to show her female for regalo de alma as well as latin greatest hits of alma the year for hits mix almas del silencio martins move from dance pop to soulful ballads to a flat pop out of the year meal again check reclose the please while the first signal tall vase was on a dishot line track of the year and the latin pop airplane track of the year meal check it again and it goes on a great way so it was last night and we have any calls about the probably all of all talk at a game or shorts about it now right of the year moment i think he's days and numbered once he starts getting all those SEC finds you'll see at least pretty old anyway how will this of a he five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon line w q a m hello uh yeah like got an infer niel's ball yes there's speaking of oh Neil how you doing good hey uh great one fillet billar oh she's a mess she is it's not a one in electric socket deals exactly okay thanks pal tell us billar hit around or we don't have too many women on there in there many many women with really bad hair first and i'll give you one how come she and another yet will be goldberry okay can you get much worse here than that? oh i don't think so if you call that here what is that thing uh those are besides besides revolting fat dreads i think those are deadlocks w q a m hello jump up w q a m hello hey don't go deal yes sir yeah i got a i got one for the pool yeah all right it's pat Riley and i would tell you why because there is nothing worse than being a hair bitch do i mean yeah haven't had the one for us we know man so a couple minutes after noon he's already the right day he's deep in the sacman i mean he's in the second five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of Ryzen Wildline he sure was slick though just like that where he is work yet w q a m hello yeah name for your poll yes sir or Richard Simmons where she's in and she's got a bad dude thank you she's bad she in fact you know this we're going to a lot of these people are crossing over so to speak we're Jonathan Edwards when we need him is that show off the year already i hope i haven't seen it the long time i don't accidentally flop across that thing anymore and i'm sure glad i think he may be uh cross over the other side run out of uh suckers maybe he's hanging out with miscleo these days a lot of these miscleo is kind of fun you know i like this it was funny yeah get your reading your free reading right now man you might have to read a bit yeah we haven't can we play it it's psychic what's wrong with it what's it called psychic no yes that's not what it's called that's not in here I must have spelled wrong he has to find also a character in hotline not psychic negro never that's the one oh we can't play that why not are you crazy? hello just be ester-roo i played Florida on the hit show good times and since my residuals ran out over 20 years ago i've been helping other brothers and sisters find their way with the psychic negro network we welcome your calls because nobody has a better understanding of black oppression that's why you don't even need a credit card it's just like ranching your TV will gladly bill it right to your phone negro psychic is standing by right now at 1 900 gimme a money to take your call for the low price of only 799 a minute why they can tell you if that banner yours is leaving oh if you already left and if the reds are going to be stringy or tender so let the psychic negro network guide you down the primrose path of bogus prophecy won't you call my friends not bad i heard about two and a half on a skillet 10 although i like Willie T. ribs myself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line w q a m hello yes sir hey how about a splash from guns and rooses okay how about him yeah bad here you got the worst okay thank you slash got him we got a slige twenty twenty host apologizes for reality maybe adoption show ads ABC news star your favorite marble wall apologized on the air this week at the network build today's twenty twenty special about adoption is the ultimate reality show talk about this the other day at a disgrace as usual and i noticed that the uh... simpler people and have any problem with that show that i've heard about nope the news magazine's devoted uh... to the story of a sixty-year-old or high-o-mother choosing among five sets of prospective adaptive parents who want to raise her baby waters the show's host is herself an adopted pair news frequently covered adoption issues last week twenty twenty co-host john stossle thought of the program as the ultimate reality show and over the weekend ABC ran a promotion promising a unique television event five couples desperate to adopt all competing for her baby the twenty twenty show focuses on open adoption which the birth family stays in contact with the child the network pulled a promo teasing a competition and replaced it with a less sensational spot that builds an adoption unlike any ever seen and our program the few wins they will is apologized for the promotions promo sometimes get a little heated we made mistakes you told viewers you know what the bad word was compete compete while there's the benefit of the program which you call very important extremely interesting we've done many programs on adoption say trademark for twenty twenty she said still many critics content that the network engage in a tasteless stum for ratings and the ABC message boards simmered with talk of an advertiser and viewer boardcott of twenty twenty a lot of our budget great robbers like all of us in a business had just a way of going so okay so get used to it i still can't believe that the new term i mean stern is taken off the year in a market right two times a month on all six stations just that alone hasn't convinced people that there's some real which on crap in sanity going on now yeah well what what does it take box cards i see well they're coming in next week from it's past noon at five sixty wqm think about it for a virtual company to succeed without any storefront locations means beating the competition every which way that's what dial my physics been doing in south order for over 12 years when you call one eight hundred macpis you get better prices better delivery times better customer service better everything dial my first one the two thousand four better business bureau local torture work for excellence because they work harder than anybody else to earn your business before doing an after the sale when you call one eight hundred macpis and talk to one of their expert bedding consultants you can rest assured you're getting the best possible night percent you wear just to make complete line of silly certain simins king coil temper peed experience and foster you would help at one eight hundred macpis service governor's never next to charge for same day delivery either dial my first take same the orders all day long from candlestor palm beach to four miles and keep in mind when you call one eight hundred macpis you pick the date into our delivery window you want that mattress delivered an answer to show up their part of that delivery record on time deliveries nine the nine point seven percent of the time column one time you'll be a satisfied telematch risk customer like i've been four years call at two three number one eight hundred macpis that's all it takes a log under website macris dot com telematch risk one eight hundred m a t t r a s the easiest possible way to buy you a great name brand that was at an unbeatable price at five billion a job out there Marine back to your Goddess you leave you and paragraph for you you on home iLY back or uh- back and by SEC association back the are The McKinney should have followed our letter today to Mr. David Smith, President and CE. Oh, I'll sink there broadcast group and we sponsor the preemption of tonight's nightline program. He said I write a strongly protest your decision to instruct Singler's ABC affiliate Supreme Physifist's nightline program. I find deeply offensive Singler's objection to my lines and tension to broadcast the names and photographs of Americans who gave their lives and service to our country and Iraq. A support of the Presence decision to go to war in Iraq and remain a strong support of that decision, but every American has a responsibility to understand fully the terrible cost of war and the extraordinary sacrifices it requires of those brave men and women who volunteered to defend the rest of us. Last we ever forget or grow insensitive to how brave a decision it is for our government to order Americans into combat. It's a solemn responsibility of elected officials to accept responsibility for our decision and its consequences. And with those who disseminate the news to ensure that Americans are fully informed of those consequences, there is no valid reason for Singler to shirk its responsibility and when I assume a very misguided tent of prevent your viewers from completely appreciating the extraordinary sacrifices made on their behalf by American serving in Iraq. War is an awful but sometimes necessary business. You're deceived in the eye of your viewers and opportunity to be reminded of worst terrible cost and all their heartbreaking detail is a grossed service to the public and the men and women of the US armed forces. It is insured sir on patriotic. I hope it meets with public a program and it most certainly deserves. Good letter from John McCain. It's really interesting to me. You know I'm thinking about him reading this. What do you think? Who this letter should be from? Oh. Yeah. Herbert Monster. Yeah. That's who the letter should be from. Not. I mean John McCain, sure he wrote a great letter and he's got the balls and courses they veteran. As a former POW, he's certainly has the right to be doing this to show everybody that he was a test career. It's not just a made for TV kind of event. You know it was all that until he got out spent. I'm here for a minute. McCain, remember those primaries when they $60 million they bury. Oh, you mean then? South Carolina where the old people smeared him and all of that. Other craft? Yeah. I remember that very well. Or hero. We got this guy. What about the injured? What about the mass tail and talk about? What's the use? Cortis helper. When you deal with these single minded right wing lunatics manners, they're frigging about reason because there's no sense there's no feeling. But what's going on in broadcasting in the most blatant and flagred way? This is, you know, that art-lier way to yesterday about the Nazis have taken over. I've been telling you that for months and months and months for a long time. In fact, that one is slowly lusting broad daylight. And here we are three and a half years later and people are starting to say, you know what, maybe there's something going on. A little bit slow on the uptake boys. Okay? A little bit slow. I mean, you know, American idol, we'll quick on that. Survivor, all of these things. Important stuff. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good, sir. I just can't understand what the new 14-under sports talk show coming in. How excited we are over that? Oh yeah. Oh well, really? I like to know why don't they get rid of, you know, some BGG, wherever it is, big is going downhill, which I love every minute of a freaking river. How are you saying, Coach Guy? Why don't they get rid of it? Is this your second call that ACID? Did you call us a little while ago? No, I would call that off. Okay. Now the storage again, starting to hop on the colors right away. No. Actually, what's your dormant going to be now? He can't talk about eating. Radio. But as far as hearing him on a commercial radio station, I mean, it ain't going to happen. Take it to the bank. How do I know? I know. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon and by the way, George. Covering yourself accordingly. Oh yeah. WQAM hello. George? Yes. Oh, I think that's how I ripped torn from Hollywood squares. No. Bruce B. Lange. Okay. Marty on. Okay, thanks. We got ripped torn on there already. You don't want to rip. We don't want to rip. Oh, ripped a torn. That's what we meant ripped Taylor. Everybody confuses that even I get sucked into that. Oops, sorry. Which of these people has the worst looking here real fake dead or alive? Then we're the here. Donald Trump 185. He's off there by himself. I'm a little surprised at that, aren't you? Well, that's because he's over the place now. I voted for. Did you? Oh yeah. Mohour David, who got my vote because I've seen him. I've smelled it. 86. Don King 69, Sam Donaldson 51, Jim Traficant 31, kind of Lee's has got 15. Gene Kady's got 13 Marvall per 12, Ted Coppolaan. But I'd this place is for you. It's the Emil Coast Chinese buffet and the good news is that the lobster fish is back at Emil Coast. If you'd ever been there, you don't know what a feast you're in for. The service is great and you'll never leave their empty because they've got tons and tons they see are fresh delicious goodies. And because it's spring with all the spring breakers out there, kids 600 each for free in addition, Emil Coast alophase you all of their sensational mouthwatering dishes. And like I always take, they cook with only the best ingredients. No MSG, no cornstarch. So use only cholesterol for your stomach long story short. No crap. That would stick to some kind of soups and you all of them if you like. Dozens of delicious mouthwatering on trays like New York strip made order. If they're sizzling Asian grilled, they're brand new who non-fish, main lobster thermator style, Zona crab oysters on a half shell, hand-car prime rib and their new Thai special these two. And don't forget they got a full salad bar, a full Chinese food lineup and their brand new sushi bar as well as fresh. See you cocktail. What a team. And because you deserve it and feel real real pork or man, you got room at all, they got a dessert station too. The feeding never stops. Frozen waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit as well, or real feast fit for a beast. Emerald Coast relocation story, a Pembroke pie and sunny house and sunrise. So take the old family or maybe book your next business lunch and right now. And don't forget when you're there to fill out a membership card so you can get their monthly newsletter from the Emerald Coast too. Let them cook up a storm for you to take out and release always available at the Emerald Coast, call them at 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 5-5-1-6-5-6-3-0-1. 5-5-7-2-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 Kuji bikini Gudteenthy bob searches you Papa Sophie Th Gamb I saw Time  regret Victoria Threeiesta Frankie Torga to grow up. Give me this one. It's grow up. You silly, squeaky fool. Go to broad as they chew. You're free, you best it for it is. Thank you. Sound like a punch. You're a punch. You're a punch. Absolutely. You're a punch. That's a movie. Well, 33 is being a gully to reach that play. They got the big doing slime, hand joint gully. And I cheat gold scenes six to eight of the quarter deck. At 1.2370, Western rise bullet-board implantation. I know we let him out by me. Stop eye for specials on him. Still light and register when trip for two to the ice-line open golf from a coming up in June. At six star out tonight with gully. At the quarter deck in sunrise. I thought they shipped him right out there to the macarooner. We're going to be practicing for doing a game next year. When there's no games going on. But it just practice all season. How about a QM99? Hello. Hello. I don't want to go on the Paul. Yes, sir? Yeah. Like they're talking to you. Speaking. New Rogers? New Rogers? I know. I haven't just got to put a Paul Murlbobburs. Murl Albert. No, not Murlburs. Murlburs? Murlburs. Murlburs. Murlburs. He's on your credit and have another way. They're off to a girl. They're all there today, man. Friday. Murlburs. I'm just taking a look how Marv is doing. Murlburs. Murlburs. Murlburs. I'm just taking a look how Marv is doing. Murlburs. Murlburs. Murlburs. He's got a nasty piece. A really bad piece. He's got 12. He's doing really well. He's a double digits, man. You'll be pleased to know. In fact, just to edge ahead of Ted Coppola, a moment ago. Of course, if Ted were on all the stations, he might be doing better. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, DM. I mean, it's just, I don't know. I don't know what to say anymore because nothing shocks the public. They sit back and they've set it all up this crap. And it's like, well, like you said, they don't believe us. It's like we're graduating or it's being funny or, you know, all this stuff about the FCC. I must just be making it up. Sure. You guys are always exaggerating. Oh, yeah. Yeah, right. WDQAM. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Got one for the poll. All right. About carrot top. Carrot top be bad, man. Oh, I forgot to mention that. That rich call that is. Oh, nice. Nice. That rich baby do it. Damn it. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, fabric. He's always in stuff that somebody else is always saying, you know. You might mean that's why we always say. You don't that rich reminds me of my mother. Right over and over. Got my mom. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60, on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Carrot top. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, new. Yes sir. I got one for your poll. Uh huh. James Crafts can't from Ohio. Yes sir. You made the one it's got. He's got 34 votes. Oh, it does he really. Yeah. And our will mentioned for yesterday. Preston. It's a written XR at the swap shop. Okay. Thank you. That sounds like rich shot. Sure did. That was rich shot. Put the tape back. Thanks a lot, Ricky. That was. That was either Don Johnson or rich. You're in here that right now. Was I shared from you Rick? I wonder how I don't know what time he's on. That's embarrassing. I shouldn't say that. Do we know what time we're charged on on Magic? You know? Yeah. Well, my magic wand there and just like magic, Well, no, what time is on? I don't know. I've got that number in there. He's obviously not on the night. Because that was the guy that got canned. It was on the night. I've listened to Magic. I played some good oldies. But don't blame him. That's the jackhole at Bob. Whatever his name is. The PD. What's his name? Livingston. No, whatever his name is. Bob. How are we? I don't know. Let's see. Do we? I don't even know what I'm looking. Well, midday is not on midday. We know that. Maybe Ricky Tickie's doing mornings on Magic. You think? No, I try to. I don't think it his age. He wants to get up there early in the morning. I'll take a look though. How do they do? Magic three four up to a three seven. Number eight. Beaton, sobly by the moment. Well, that's not good. Afternoons. Men 25, 54. That's somebody they're demoed. It isn't a person 25, 54. You would think I don't have time to much. First. It's 54 to 74. Oh, four four down to before one. That was red Shaw who gave us. What did he give us? Oh, for yesterday, Preston's hand. What do we do yesterday? You should know that when you get this all we did one. Red next. Oh, red next. Preston hand. And what about Nick Devard? There's a Cuban red neck for you. If there ever was one. And those two are really tight, man. Remember when they won that million dollar prize out there in Vegas? The jack however. What if this me off? First of all, he's got more money than God, more money than the bush, but more fun money than the Kennedy's. He goes out there with the anxious Nick Devard. How about for the bad here, Nick Devard? I fell into the red. What about him? That's right. Now, I'm just curious if we can still play that. Just think we can't. Which word? This. He's going away. Now, Bob, Rob, he's a prize of so much great bands. Oh, yeah. Time Lee. He's like, no, Rob. Now, Rob. He's leaving. I'm not Rob, but he's just a goose step away. Oh, yeah. Time Lee. All the goose step in all the time. Maybe he was just practicing. Maybe he was a little portion. And he was practicing for these days now. A little cheer of Nick. Now, that was Jim Scholar did that thing, right? Correct. I'm pretty sure why he's not. Did you? I responded. I'm over here. It's in my eye. Oh, man. It's bad. From our good close personal friend Jim Scholar that did so many bits. Most of which we can still play. Because he was a clean guy. He didn't put all his perversion and filth in there like that bulk of Ryan. Vaulted and geek. Right? That, that perved, that degenerate. Right. That slime bucket. See, there's all kinds of things that we can say. It just we have to be a lot more creative now. That's all. So we get another list. I mean, Monday. Yeah, the map might do. She's having an herbivorectum. Why do you want to? He's having a doctor. Some heavy duty. I actually is now kind of other stuff right now. Just trying to keep up with this this flood. This flood of insanity that keeps coming from a corporate. At any rate, I'm just biting my tongue real real hard. That's a little bit of blood right there on the tip of my tongue. Mother. 21 till 2 till 1. What ever it is at 5. 60 WC. We got the man dog at 2. And then we got the Joseph Gackie at 4. Look at that. So, because the hopper obviously is up there in Louisville, but they've Johnson at the Kentucky Derby in Louisville. Then we got the big 7.0940 and believe you made it's more than enough. Marlins on deck 9.49 from the West Coast. Marlins who beat was it 4.3 last night, Josh? Yes. Marlins. Do you know what he just said? Yes. He said, yes. Yes. What do you stop doing that? Yes. You're not impressing us. You're depressing me. It's like I want to jump out the window. I mean, why you stop doing that would be actually he's putting his teeth. I understand that the way things are going right now. It's enough. I'm going for a wired shot like Michael in the God. Did you? Yeah. Good. Well, with Duccaroners, probably pretty good idea. Well, Marlins on deck 9.40. And Marlins at the Giant Stin 15. And Marlins continue being a hotter and hell as long as they don't play the Braves. And then overnight it's total loss. 20 till as a matter of fact, I think if he wants to give that 14 ever give them that sporting news, you know, do whatever he wanted. Give it to him. Put something useful on there. You know, he's your custom. Oh, back. Right? You're a good buddy. Jo back on there. I mean overnight and get rid of that canned crap. Nobody. If there's one thing I try to tell you people for years do not get that canned crap. Get it in the bag in the box. And I see that was the end of that line. Oh, no, you want. Now you want to run with it. And you're going to wind up running right off the edge of the cliff. And then you're going to wait for us to throw you to rope. And we're going to be busy doing this spot. Spring and the savings right now saved like never before on a brand new car truck from Armstrong Toyota of Homestead, the R&U S1, 20 minutes south of E36 is easy to find it and is worth a drive there because they're going to save you so much cash. Literally thousands on great new Toyota's unbeatable deals like these great leases, an 04 camera your 400 just 260 9 a month before the 8 months. An 04 high-munder just 309 a month needed truck, how about an 04 Toyota tunner with the safest truck in America? You pay just 179 a month before the 8 months. And these are just some of the savings waiting for you right now at Armstrong Toyota Homestead, they're locally owned and operated, making you a happy camper. Their service department is even open late to late week nights to make sure they get all your work done for you. Easy to find in their right at the corner of U.S. 1 and 293rd Street in Homestead just 20 easy minutes south of the E36 and right now they're making you an offer like you've never heard before. Armstrong Toyota Homestead offers you free tires, free batteries and replacement parts for life. Your vehicle, nobody else does that in the wear. So don't waste your time at those mega dealers or car giants who always seem to let you down. Call our good friend David Rich, use the GM at Armstrong Toyota Homestead for an unbeatable deal. No BS, call 305, 242, 3247, 305, 242, 3247, travel little and save a lot. I'm at great new Toyota at Armstrong Toyota of Homestead. We'll find out when you buy some wiring of SuperAnt. why do they use them? and another thing. Yours an amazing little bit of big star. Get away a little puny milk. We'll save you. I think this isn't the best. I don't want it. I want you. The more white heave you. Yeah, what about it? The more white heave you. What about him? And when I see you. I want a time. You're a second free. No milk tea, no rom-ma. It's me and a pony. And point-flank. Why you, why you're a smack-you. Then I know my smell attract you. Thank you. But unlike that you. You still got such a... I feel just like that you are my dear brother. And what you just do, another. And why you're a smack-you. That's fine. That's a bit of a... that a bit of a... That's a... that's a... That's going on, going on, going on. Going on, going on, going on. Going on, going on. I want to go, going on. In a two-sight. If we do the job. All right, that's enough. President Bush expresses deep disgusted these photos. The ones that are showing over and over again on CNN because they got him and we saw NBC and BBC last night. Yeah. Showing the prisoners, hooded, wired, etc. He'd done top of each other naked like into a pyramid, all of these things. What he merkins soldiers standing in the back, laughing and yorking it up. It's a fraternal thing. You don't want to stand there. Yes, I do. It's a fraternal thing. That's just... Right. Anyway, big Arne informs us Rick Shaw's out in the morning with Donna somebody opposite Mohour David. How do you like that? Absolutely. Because ask Rick, whatever your name is. Rickie Tickie. And then of course, Lieutenant Clark as soon as Rickie Tickie's off here. So, clips that cat back a couple of notches and turns out me show every single day. We're logistically am I right? Very bad. This thing about the Farell here, this long from Joe. Long facts, pop, pop, pop, pop, I don't know. He's not making any impact there. I'll tell you that. He's got like no ratings. He talks to big game. I'll tell you that. And then he says he claims you talk about him at least a half hour every day. But they likes you most of the people at QM even the beast. Uh, we do we talk about Farell a half a minute every day? No. Maybe he would like us to talk about him for half hour every day. He's got this ego thing. You know what I'm talking about? Who are you talking about? I'm thinking he's got a- I'll take your children, sell them to some Haitians. So you know what I've never played? What? Oh, I better be careful. Yeah, I got my finger on- Yeah, see too. Oh yeah, there's not even a word there. It's just a blip. That's cute. Yeah, see too. I just go on sweetheart. Anyway, so let's see. Farell also says he'll be on an every market when floored within a year. Can't wait to go up against you in midday. So we see you as the bigger numbers also plenty to carry QM on his back when he was there. This is- Uh, well, I'm not going to go into- I'm not going to go into- I'm going to go into- I'm going to go into the final- Is that what it is? Yeah. When does sales pitch in Lannister ways are- Start getting some numbers there? I don't want to give you any, you know, inside information. But somebody we all know once told me. I've been at these real BS artists. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. WDQA and Hello. Hello. What was it? Police. Police. Why him? Here. WDQA and Hello. WDQA and Hello. Wow. WDQA and Hello. Hi, Neil. I did me as mentioned for Romanase scattered. Yes, sir. I'd like to add one to the poll. Yes? The Reverend Bell Shop. Okay. Haha. Hahaha. Haha. Haha. Haha. Haha. The Reverend Bell Shopping. What's wrong with that? And your mother. The Reverend John. Her husband. How's he saying? Reverend. I was like, can't my finger just, Did I don't know what were that thing. I was part of his psych out. I was shopping. That was great. WDQA and Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon, sir. Has anybody mentioned Benny, hence? No. We will write now. Benny, hence. Oh, and I'm glad you mentioned him because if we put him on there, you know who has to be on there? Ernest Angely. Oh, I don't know how he's fell at you want to look it up or just do whatever makes it up But you're it Ernest Angely. Oh, man. Say baby. Baby. He's a I keep saying if he ever really can heal all his other his touches He gets him real here on that thing Man, he's got one of the worst-looking pieces in the history Ernest Angely say baby. I'll be honest. Let's put Clare to the list Clareance Eugene Thomas. No our our own clearance. Why is that he's got bad hair? To be honest with you. I never noticed I can't look at him that long Okay, we'll put Clareance on there put Clareance Dero and then they'll think we're talking about the real one I don't care hey Tommy but out your good guy would get lost and click the doodon and doggy downers He's really pushing up on me. What is it? He's got doggy downers and he's that shared right? How do you think he got his voice down like that? Are you gaining a lot of weight these days? Well, did you hear that spot you heard yours? Wow, that's a happy spot. Who's he got? WQAM hello Yes, everybody calling for Of course, she she looked 20 years ago much better. She looks like a Blond strunken head now that's fair of faucet For our faucet well, I think it was too much time on that burning bed was put done her in and maybe too much booze Many pills for a faucet. I don't know Whatever me do we we know and put her on her. She's just a mess. She's a wreck. I don't think it's a height She could have the most beautiful here in the world at this point. I don't think it's gonna save her And so it's not you know you can put lovely a piece on top of any shrunken head. It's still all look too good 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line orders up president to declare major combat over May 1st 2003 Which will be year go tomorrow? Let me get your assessment of what the president said a year ago knowing both sides of the equation as you know as you know No congressman rental We've lost 600 American lives and thousands of wounded sense that date We've lost the total of 729 Americans. I am telling you that if the Congress knew and America knew what we know today No weapons and mass destruction is no connection with 911 if we knew that the president Intended the knockoffs to Dom who's saying by having a preemptive strike when there was no threat to the United States We never would have allowed him to do that in the first place and how long does it take? What is the mission? We don't even know what the enemy looks like and we're dying every day and It's costing a congressman blunt and I'll let you have the last word It's costing what about a billion dollars a week four and a half billion dollars a month to keep US troops in a rock right now Well, there's the cost here, but you know if we were making that decision based on the incredible cost of 911 And I don't concede that this really had something to do with I'm gonna see to keep immediately keep running back to that again nothing What does it have to do with that anything? Wow It is just amazing. I mean without 911 they can't there there's nothing else, you know, that's why they let it happen Ah, that was your answer that but he may have a point. That's why they let it happen Kevin Q. Am Hello. Oh, yeah, that name for you. Yes, sir. Speaking Oh, do you like while love it? Lion I love it man. He's got to bet everything he's one of the grossest things to speak in a Good job. Okay speaking of shrunken head and he was very to Julia Roberts see I still I was sure if I got in that I was somebody would like you race that for my memory because I somehow I just can't imagine what that's all about Well, I can't imagine but even that well you're the one that has always said maybe there's more Then meets he I be careful now Josh B. I'll be watching real close now. You take your right next to it Tell you or speak of that. Oh, yeah, when Dave Johnson said tap it. I just about fell off my chair You can't say tap it no more first he said ass which was okay, you know, and then tap it You better change that house's name is to be rust and I had a time-dircon he could be able to not say name tomorrow during the race All right, we're got the mention Dave Johnson about Mike but tagly and what a jackhole like I is he's the worst race collar I'm just a jerk Mike but tagly up anyway Nobody else knows who I'm talking about today. Oh, good. This is well Matt mad dad meets out justice at MEATS. This is cute George sent us along From the New York Post today no less meets out justice to his kid with beef jerky A statin island bodega owner whipped his young son with an 18 in stick of beef jerky after catching the boy skipping school authority said I bet he whip until he was jerky The bizarre isn't began about 10 o'clock in the morning April 24 when a school official called SDBAN I love this name. SDBAN Pallafox 34 at his store Mexico as thick a two in Tompkinsville. Oh, tell him A step on Pallafox 34 at his store Mexico as thick a two in Tompkinsville. Okay It's just all kind of like rolls right along there. I'd like that telling him that the 10 year old Esteban Jr Had not shown up for classes for three days and the other Pallafox told the post these things and Rage Pallafox began searching for a son and found him inside the apartment above the deli at seven course in Avenue After he shouted at the boy Pallafox went down to the deli to retrieve the dried beef cops said He then returned to his apartment and repeatedly whack the boy's thigh with the jerky leaving bruises according to police I'm not making this up it's in the post and of course we know they never make anything I want to live good. I want my child a little good to Pallafox said he insisted the punishment fit the crime Asked if he regretted turning the beef jerky on the son he was in fatigue. He said no no no no no They got five of them here Pallafox was arrested to dangerage with the salt criminal possession of a weapon to beef jerky and endangering the pelcher of a child Oh man good thing they didn't find the licorice whip cops found out about the incident after the child's mother Pallafox's S.W. I took her sent to a local hospital a hospital notified child welfare officials Pallafox was arranged yesterday and sent on a criminal court released about bail Eva or Zesko who owns the Polish place a deli of block away that's the name of the Polish place We shot here of the charges against Pallafox. Oh my god. She said oh my god That's terrible. It's unbelievable. It seems I such a nice guy Unfailee. Oh she said espadabon juniors a nice kid sometimes kids can make you angry, but that doesn't give people right to lose control and get so jerky We We You know something Wrong one. I don't know If I'm just sitting here just mind in my own business How do I call whether I just went over the original one? I guess I didn't Well, I must be as sharp as a massive order. Do you know it? That's right. Well, that was that was that one and this is this one I Happy lost a passt breaks let's Money guy, it's not the kind you can do in everything But a cigar and her Well, he don't know So because I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and humans. And then I can saw the term Cedar, and saw her naked, and stars reportedly to go in blind. And he was working hard, late nights in the ovary office, working on a practical joke. He took a Maconudo, what an exploding, loaded for Monica was blowing rings up slow. He was a guy's and Monica. She let's out of here, go. Every time he makes it way, go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the goddess of cariner. He's a woman. All people feel that hiller-reachman made a fool of buyer husband. Feel that hiller-reach was rung. A been the linking bedroom she was mornin' morning. How long was doing her with bills all gone? Oh, right. Bill's the goddess and Monica's. She let's out of here, go. Every pregnant time he makes it way, go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the goddess of cariner. She's a woman. Monica is a woman. She's a woman. Monica is a woman. She's a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is some woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica among the children. Monica is a woman. Monica is a woman. Monica is only a woman. April 1994 when she was eight years old, but repressed the traumatic memory. Now, in an equally shocking development as the 10-year-old as the 10-year anniversary of Nicole's deathnears, family members believe very memories of her father's confession or surfacing and causing the ongoing feud between O.J. and Sidney to explode. We believe the reason for Sidney's frustration and her anger at her father's that she thinks she heard and make a confession about the killings of family source told the inquire. You following this? Of course I think I think I'm reading this in this week's inquire which is dated something, I don't even know where to hell with this. Something something and she thinks she may have heard it. Got it? Got it. At one point she thought she witnessed the murder, Sidney was prone to sleep walking when she was younger and may have stumbled down stairs while her brother Justin then five-slip and seen her father killing her mother. Because she was so traumatized she may have repressed her memory of the murder, but as Sidney's getting older some of these repressed memories are surfacing and now she remembers him on the phone admitting to the killings. Incredibly Sidney recently told pals about a phone conversation your father had after he was found not guilty in the criminal case of the family source. O.J. said, okay I did it. That's what under the bridge. So what the source reveals. Like maybe you moved along today? Right. Okay. I did it. The expert forensic psychiatrist, and did you like shoot a triple bogeon the 14th? Okay. I did it. The forensic psychiatrist, Dr. Neil S. K. was not treating Sidney says it's possible that she's repressed memories of ends pointing to her father's guilt. There are situations generally involving trauma where people repress her forget things. He said, but another forensic psychiatrist, Dr. Mohan Nyer, Nyer, said it may also be possible that Sidney has had these memories all along but only able to talk about the now because she's older. It is possible she heard her dad say these things and his health and said all these years and now feels safer speaking up because she's adults, Dr. Nyer, who's not treating Sidney. She's a crazy family member. I was believe that Sidney's memories are the reason that a relationship with the dad has deteriorated. After the killings, this is a picture of Sidney. She's a knockout. Yes, she is. She's a high school senior in Miami whose relationship with her father's described as icy cold. After the killing she became withdrawn, gained weight, bursted, and unpinatable rages that her father. Last year she even locked herself in a woman called police after he did argument with her dad and went too far at their Miami homes here at the end of night, loving call the Elamedo J. Your alusor. She heard at the end of the night loving call yelling, oh, she's heard. Your alusor. I thought maybe to go on the other end of the phone with Sidney. Now, Sidney, a high school senior in Miami who wants to become a child so I call it. This disorder, friends, you can't wait to get out of the house. The relationship between O.J. and his daughter is icy cold, send another family source. They sell them talk and they end up February. O.J. was in the Bahamas, then returned to Miami. They argued. Then a week later, before O.J. went to LA, the work on this proposed reality TV show, Juice, is the name of the show, the two had more words. Since the source, Sidney says he's cutting the knees till she's off to college, where she has more freedom and can begin her adult life. The co-sister, Nes Brounse, the Sidney, did over here her dad's confession, would have explained a lot. They don't get along very well. They tolerate each other at best. She told Inquire, although O.J. has never hit Sidney as quick a looses temper and frightens her sources say. For that reason they doubt the petty team will ever confront him about what she thinks she saw that either the murders or what she overheard him say on the phone. And of course, she sure hopes she won't read the Inquire. This is pretty weak, you know. This is lame. And then Juice Lair, Kardashian, died knowing the truth, is the whole thing in here about the interview, is wife. Yeah, Bob Kardashian. And she didn't say nothing. He didn't say nothing. And if you got real sick, her Kardashian, O.J. called and talked to her wanted to speak to Bobby was on a verge of death. He never spoke to O.J. again. I made the decision that he got when he called. I wasn't going to let him speak to him. Robert never even knew that Simpson had called. I felt it was the right decision. My husband was near death at the time. All those years ago, and by Simpson had never called. He never came to the funeral either and I was real bad about that. But you read this whole thing here in, uh, she knows anything. So it's much to do about nothing. The inquiries had like three, four issues in the world have been really, really weak. I mean, lame. And so they figured I got to put a blockbuster on a front there. We got Michael Jackson way, way back on the inside there. Way, way back to trying to get you to go through all the ads and buy from economic bracelets. And a few more naked pictures of Brittany and Ashden Kuji Kuji, Kutcher. But on the front page we got the O.J. You got to see the look on this face. His daughter's really cute. Yes, it. And she's cute. 5.6.7. O.J. I- Ha ha ha ha. 5.6. 7. O.J. Did it. That was great. Even a croak didn't do that. See, it says to a blitz blitz thing. It goes to show it. It's all that propaganda man. 5.6. 7. O.J. 60. I liked that one. How about you do? Man, that crow. He's now. Now, what is he on? He's got to be on this week. He got all this baseball crap going on. I mean, the marlins are hot. He's on 230 and 330 marbles for tomorrow and giant game. And a crow's on 230 just a quick half hour with a crow. That's all you need. He can get all his good shots in a half an hour before tomorrow and game on Sunday. I mean, you can say, How about you and the lead the probe, the lead the blow up. Okay. And a lot less than a half an hour. You said, whole bunch of times. 5.6.7.0.5.60. Pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So I may have just read that from the inquire, who may have just printed that thing. And somebody may have actually said that that they heard it. Got it? Maybe. Good. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. W.T.Q.A.M. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, Lanka. I was both over a year and a long time. Well, here you go. Here's your chance, man. Hey. Oh, I never got to talk to you about the F.A. CL's wondering if you could still say the word Chris. No. 5.6.0.5.60. Whatever it is, the answer is all. I can't say it. Come to Q.M. Hello. How about Jim Lera for work here? Jim Lera from PBS. Yeah. Pretty boring guy too. OK. Thank you, sir. Jim Lera that's L.E.H.R. Jim Lera. To see pronounces and I have no idea why. I mean, Tom Lera was Tom Lera, right? But Jim Lera is Jim Lera. I have no clue. Well, I talk about a boring newscast. 5.6.0.5.60. It is. You never watched the PBS news out. I've thrown it when Rotten and Neil was on there. Or if you think it's boring now. I mean, you know, it's one thing to be an intellectual and to be like an egghead and all these things. You know, all of these things. But it's another thing to be coma inducing. And that's what PBS is, which is why nobody watches. WDQAM. Hello. Ah, Neil. Except frontline last night. Yes, sir. How about Tony's second riddle? Tony's your redder's guy. I don't know. I don't think so. Forget that. You ever know what I'm saying about Tony's here? He's got conditioner in it. It's cool. Back. I don't want to know. Yeah. Get in touch with him. So to speak. 5.670. 5. 60. I think they're running dry. I think the list is pretty good. Well, you put it here. Huh? Since about 11.30. No, no, they're glad. And we got a few more coming on here. And I'm sure that there's some very obvious glaring ones that they've left off, which we could extend the hand of, you know, assistance there. But why now should we do that? We have to do everything for these people. There are no one. But all this great free entertainment. Don't forget to join Gellie. One last little promo for Gellie. Because he sure issued a survey. And what is he? What? He just can't stand it. No, no. Join Gellie. He'll tell you just book him in a rips a couple times ago. Like that. 6.8 tonight at the Quarter Deck. 123.70. What sunrise? Boulevard Plantation. Step by the gut. Specials on Amstellite. Registered when it trip for two. To the Iceland Open Golf. And we're coming up in June. You might be the lucky winner. That's 6.8 tonight with Gellie at the Quarter Back in sunrise. Put it in my ear. And look. 6.4 20.0 5.6. 7.8. 8.8. It's day. Oh, everybody tell. 5.6. Oh, WQA. 5.8. 5.8. Back in the day when someone done a strong. We didn't take their crap. In Pearl Harbor when the jacks dropped their bombs. We bombed them back. And now the sun is. They hit us hard. And on our cards are little flags wings. At that sunny, loving, recharged voice of honors the wrong way. And of embarrassed to be in America. Where they found no more sightseeing. Do you die in the States of arrogance? And by bush and family. Relay on this country. Ammo and Dorf, the darkest days. And I just agree. I don't want to be a packs of marines. In the USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives. Stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you got to need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, really. And anyone who says that obviously. And afford to be. And I'm embarrassed to be in America. Where we take free off and please. We've a flagged wood hat with our head in the sand. And lightly follow the towers that we have a tent. And I'm not going to put it down. Watching States from you. On a 65 inch screen. Stretcher. And all that. Everything's okay. On my cat. USA. 146. I love that. I like eating better with all the edits. Sounds like that. Once my favorite. It's appropriate. Now I don't know if we can play this. It's actually called nasal passages. The bush somebody facts the one here. They're clean. Well, well, keep close to the button now. I'll find out. Because it blows. Because I thought that button could go into. Every time I have a good cat. You got your eye can't help noticing how much it's normal. All that okay. I brought it his brain. Inside his nose nothing else. Three minutes. To the nasal passage. That's why you're always more safe. No nasal passage. He bought a team to and held a survey smile. Look at him. He was born into money. But he's so kind and dumb. Without his ears. I don't think this. But I love the party. He's gonna live. Don't judge. Let's give him two cells. All of brain and no nasal passage. That's the reason. He's so terrible. He has no nasal passage. No. I bought my ticket and I'm holding my passport tight. What do you think? See, I can fix that up with great ease for laying out this summer time. I got all that stuff. And you're gonna be doing this show almost every day. I can fix up a whole bunch of these. I just wanted to. Right. Sure. So thank the Lord for guilty. Five, six, seven, oh, what are you laughing about without the... Where the hell would you be? I mean, this is boring. No. Nobody wants you that. Because your mind's in the sense of your shit. But you're pissed off and fired up. What do you hear? I put the smile on your post. You know, that's kind of cute. Yeah. No, that's not good. WQM, hello. Hey, you ever been to Oklahoma? No thanks. WQM, hello. Hey, need to. Yes sir. How about those Marlins? Thank you. Let's get a whole bunch of these out before I have to bear a lot of here. WQM, hello. Hey, you. Yes sir. Hey, you said big bit more than a US one itself Miami. No. Oh, beautiful. It's right on the road. Big bit more to what? Have you? Oh, great. Well, thanks for the good news. 149, a QAM. 5 at the local Mississippi, 560, 3 at the O'You're the... QAM. Fiat. If you're home, though, baby, I've got a US right. No, the Neo calls you got a digital Yoke right. Don't you pretend to be now. Lock it tight now. Don't you pretend to be now. I can't just admit I'm just walking the flat. You've been a crazy woman. There's a new town, too. Yeah. If you're not very ugly, you know the Christian. And if you say, I'm an error, you can't see the Hudson. No, but the president down. I'm a man with a sign of honor. I'm trying to find out that's back from my rat. You've been a crazy woman. You're the one, I can't say that. Yeah, I make it free. We've got issues of not a fun for the FCC. We'll find you with faith. I take your eyes and some red moon. That's for all I know could be your words. You look all right. We have my rating, you'll do me a good score. It's just a signal now. I can't help but I accept for white housewear. The O'Con has to be the Christian. We won't back up. I've almost as big kid about all that right. Sure. It's 155. We've got the mad dog stand and buy him a long and two. Joseph Gackett is sacked. No, because the humpers out there, the Hebrew hammer is up in the Louisville. The plunges guts on the Derby tomorrow. And what's not to like with that? We've got the big O'Con. Seven o'clock. I'm so sorry. We apologize to advance. 940. It's the pregame. Marlins on deck. Marlins at the San Francisco 1015 tonight. What are we going to do about that sporting news radio? I'm sure that the pochoca still'll back on our show. Oh, I don't think so. Not in light of these trying times in which we live. Anyway, which of these people has the worst looking head of here? Dead or alive? They heard two. Donald Trump 241. Mohour David at 127. He's going by the moment, but he's no match for the Donald. Don King 92. Sam Donaldson 63. In fact, who's with a D? Look at that. Looks like D is not a good initial to have for good here. Donald Trump, Mohour David at the. Don King and Sam Donaldson with 63. Jim traffic and 38. Condolize a 27. Gene Kaley 50. Marvelberg 13. Dennis Cassinant 10. Now he should be doing better than that. Right? He ought to mean he's got the worst. I mean, just the smartest, nastiest, ratiest black mess. Just lean there on his head. Ted couple 10. Don't forget Ted couple to 935. You'll see it in Florida. South Florida, not in North Florida. Howard Co. Sel nine. Tremblot's got six keratot five and Lyle I love it five. Dennis Robin five. Matt Lauer. How much with five? Including what big olver who should have like 500. WQM. Hello. WQM. Hello. You're a sense since they ran out of names. Then we go to the which is good. Let's get a whole bunch of these in. We still got a couple minutes. WQM. Hello. QM. Hello. Yes sir. Two more for your list if they're not did. Naturally. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. Don't you love two more. I got a whole list. You got a whole all written on my arm like a Memento. All the way to my elbow. I got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of my arm like in a Memento. All the way to my elbow. All the way to my back. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? All right. My favorite clip. Are you happy? And so? No, I'm right here. That was good, huh? What did I tell you? I'm no fool. I've been around a block a few times. I can smell it when you're like one and really dry. What do you make in all kinds of getables sounds for him? By the way, what am I making? Yeah, why I'm just getting a long full air. Oh, I see for next week save it Save it because I think you'll need it. Well, I'm on vacation now be sure you'll be emailing me all of those breakups because I'm really disappointed I would have thought that Maddie Bell and right Tanner and all those would have had all those breakouts And probably we actually made it which is why they're trying to prolong his possible Duffel into you. He has your email. Who will? Do I feel get him first? He'll get him. Oh, he's still gonna be there 567 that's just a little joke. It's just you know, he's a little bit on the nervous side So I just like adding to it a little bit squeamish side. W to Q and hello Neil. Yes, sir. I got one. You're full. Okay. How about gene welder? Do you go coming water than gene? I'm on doubt that's that my after all cold for Well, that's yeah, okay. Good choice. Thank you. Hi. Well, I'm taking another one and nobody you're cuz everybody forgot I'm already What's your got it?