Oh, what's that? Cool, baby. Let's turn this mother out. The magic wrapper is on my TV. No one heard of him before all the name is pop daddy. I said that's pop the magic wrapper. Or won't be here that long. Not unless it learns the sing-off right up, and so I said pop the magic wrapper. He's all over and TV. Only because of one shut no porous, be I cheap at that guy. He's the one to tell him making it this way as wrong. Taking that short dead best friends, he came plus fall. Still don't get on the dog. 10, 19 and 5, 60, WQA, I'm happy Tuesday too. But it's worked out pretty good in it. They're best of tape when a little bit long about 19 minutes long, which is just fine with us. We're on the same line. And the good news is you got George's next to Bayes tomorrow. Thursday and even better news is the beefboard. Vision for George's job on Friday from 10 to two. All the pot was off. There you go. So it's the holidays and God only knows. We're kind of crappled foot on here to just fill in the time. Oh, speaking of that, we have a guest appearances. You know from two to four. Do it. Do it. By our close personal body, the mole man who's going to be I'm sure gloting over last night's shocking surprising Super Bowl like victory by that often. It was really like their Super Bowl. What are I telling you, Josh? Last week, what did I say? I don't want to say yesterday 42 to 6, which it should have been if they deployed 60 minutes. What did I say last week? The dog, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, They cannot close it up. I mean, they usually do, but they have a hell of a time closing games out. They look the other team back in the game. Yeah. Now when you were at 28 17 by 11 points with less informants left in Again, you're supposed to win that game. Yeah. But they're defense just, well, we're done. We're through and they just, and you see that so many times in games in the NFL. I've never been able to understand that a team that can't move to ball the whole game all of a sudden. Last four or five minutes every time they get the ball on offense. They're like marching out and feel like the defenses are taking a vacation. See, as the, I don't get that. Your boy Tommy Brady kind of screwed it up to. Well, let me say this to you. Okay, who would you rather have a starting quarterback for the dolphins? Tom Brady or AJ touchy, Philly or Jew, who would you rather have? That's an easy one. Oh, okay. There you go. What would you rather be at this stage of the season 12 and two or three and 11? Are you getting a little defensive? I'm not, you know, I'm not a least defensive. Okay, against the team is one of Super Bowl two and last three times. When's the last time the dolphins were even close to Super Bowl? And don't tell me that 60 two to seven games against Jacksonville? No. Well, good to wow. See, I think it was the orange jerseys last night. I think the Patriots in the last couple of minutes were blinded by the light. Yeah, the dolphins deserved it when again. They played a better game when it counted the most right there at the Ascend and, you know, the Patriots get blitzing and blitzing and they weren't getting too AJ touchy. The, a couple of times, but generally speaking, they weren't doing it. And they blew it. So there you go. It was 29, 20. It's pretty exciting anyway. I saw Danny Boy bailing out of there before the game was over. As the Patriots were on their way to what appeared to be the cementing touchdown there. And he's a kiss in everybody in the press box. He's on a way out and that was the other day of Danny Boy. Anyway, who's our poor? We got the trends coming at 1130, which is going to be very exciting. Or look at those lines line up. Hey, we love the dolphins. They are the champs. That's right. They're front running ponies, man. They're out there. WQAM dolphin Super Bowl line. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I hope you decided to retire with QA. I heard yesterday you were recigning. I thought you'd get hated it over there. Yeah. I like the money. You said that's the only reason? You meant the biggest reason. Yeah. Well, why not? What's the problem? Why do you want to pick up that things? I like you. Why do you see in Miami? Because I like just being in Miami. Plus, I have like radio is like, Who knows if it's going to fly or not? I don't know. Well, if you think you show it to the success if you went to the way mark? If this show was on nationwide, it would be the biggest show in America. That's not ego talk because I have no ego. That's what I believe. I believe that for a long time. But you know, it's just not happening. Seriously, it's had their chance and they're dittling around and they didn't do anything. And they've said, I'm also head like, you know, a little touchy feeling in this school. Like this is a show. You're not sure you said no commas in. Yeah. That's definitely it's a beautiful place. The studios are very nice. Well, what do you mean the studios are very nice? What does that mean? What are studios? They're only the operation in New York. It's very fresh class. Yeah. I know they worked with. I thought they'd be perfect for you. Well, let me let them do it again. They came to us and you know, made some inquiries and nothing ever materialized. So to hell with them, you know. They're watching. They hear you. They hear you. They hear you. They say that they're not really a servant. But they ain't going to happen. It's not happening. They're not serious. You know, I'm saying they're name maybe serious. But they're not serious. We're on concern. So screw them. But no, do you do need a new agent then? Okay. Good luck, dude. Well, okay. I must have been a lot of Howard's boyfriend's. It's something. I'm going to be your agent. Well, I was there seriously. I mean, you know, Stern allegedly from when I was told. And I haven't had no reason to just believe it because it was somebody who's up to tie signs with him. I had them contact me and all we want to know, Rogers on serious. And I was, you know, some contacts were made back and forth with Norma and with them. And I was the end of that and the same with XM. I don't, I don't have time to do a dittler now with people. I like the certainty in addition to which I'm a dottering old clown. Okay. I'm an old fool. And one thing I'm not foolish enough is to like, you know, give me the money. That's all. Just hand me the money and whatever else. And in addition to which I'm not putting up with anymore of the crap that's going on last year or two. I just want to tolerate it. Clorence. And this is like games that they're playing like with this thing with the Beast Nibiting last week and then putting them on again. I mean, I don't have any problem doing Friday. It's that gives you the day. Often it's a day before Rutgers is saying, it's crazy. But we're just, you know, there's not this show does need any messing and a fixing any didlanders leave it to hell alone. Okay. Where about, whatever, whatever other day parts where you have problems like you're going to have mornings when Stern builds up worry about fixing that, not this show. And that's the one thing that they've been incapable of doing. They just won't stop dittling and mess it and change in the time. And that's the thing that infuriates people, including me and the audience. So, Clorence, you can sit in there and play all little games you want. You can do your little UM circle crowd, whatever you're doing in there. And it doesn't, doesn't impact me. You don't exist. You don't even exist. That little you have had in that university mommy, Phantom World and Enclables there. That's that's what he's all about. Him and the Beast. It's always been that way ever since he was in there. In fact, maybe that's where the problem lies. You know what I'm saying? You try to look at the situation. Well, there's a, we got a few problems in here. Where are they really lie? Where's the centerpiece of the problem at QAM? Maybe that's where lies. Right in that orifice. You know, I mean, maybe in somebody's back down orifice. But anyway, just ignore him. Okay. Whatever he says to you just to, Huh? Oh, I got that bad hearing from him. Tell me your pop and oxies like Rush, you can't hear anything. What? Exactly. Here's the poll from yesterday. Which best describes your feelings about Christmas. 1444 votes. Pain in the ass. 473. Right. 473. Pain in the ass. Too expensive. 247. I'll say the thing for you to about serious issues. It should have been syndicated a long time ago. I don't know anybody also. Do you know that even Lynn Saniel's on serious from one to three in the afternoon every day? And let me know. We love you, Lynn. But let's face it. I mean, get serious. Oh, she did. See? Even she's on the every day between one and three. And we're on this station with a fuzzy signal. Let's got this Spanish music in the background. I said it's sexual. Maybe not always exactly on time. But within the day or two, you know, it's good enough. It's called self preservation instead of ego. Those people are want to like keep bail beating themselves on the chest and hey, look at me. I'm a big sound. I'm going to revolutionize it. Go ahead. Go ahead revolutionize the world. Change everything. Okay. Not interested. I just want those checks coming in. Anyway, Christmas to expensive 247. My favorite holiday, 2209 isn't that pleasant? Certainly for Guy, I'm 194. Fun. 194. Christmas is fun. It can't be unless you get too serious about it. I would think unless you get stuck with impine needle. And it's very important the birth of our Savior. 177.4% of this generally heathen audience. Say, it's very important holiday because it's the birth of our Savior. Our Lord and say. Oh, don't don't don't. Our Lord and say, Jesus. Praise Jesus. Jesus Christ. All in the carliles on the baby curtain today, but I better take the break before we are spawning on that. Now, we're going to start with our Rogers morning. Let's go. And we're going to run to find the ship. We are. David's a bit fewer here. You took Flintstone's vitamins to make sure you grow up big and strong. What's today? Big and strong isn't good enough anymore. That's why you need to give your kids Flintstone's chewable steroids. The non-bidiment would be extra fun. Ask yourself, what do my kids need most? Healthy balanced nutrition or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can crush anything in their hair. Flintstone's chewable steroids come in poor tasting flavors like Fred Winston Dioland, Van Drolland and Oxen Deenor's Reem. With Flintstone's chewable steroids, your kids will love their new Balkan-sriated muscle tissue, and it will be years before they even care about their ever-shrinking genitalia and what little girl wouldn't want to be the first to end her rounding spoof to have her own go-tene. Rock, raff, momma, raff, raff, raff, raff, raff, raff, raff, raff, raff, raff! Nate's your kid up, Flintstone's chewable steroids kid. 10 million strongs and bulging. 1032 to a five-sixty. That was really interesting first call, you know? Yeah, it was. It sounded like a set-up call, like an inside called a main like an insider, yeah. Right. I mean, well, like a really beautiful studio's near. First of all, I'm not going to live in New York, and you don't have to live in New York to be on serious for any of those other, to be on anywhere anymore. Right. There's not a chance in hell that I would live in New York, anywhere that I would live in Miami, most of the year anymore. And I know chance. But that was obviously an inside call, and stuff, the agent that's the problem, it's the people with the companies. I mean, if you are serious, if you're going to live up to your name, then do something, get off your ass. You know, make some of that offer. They've been contact that for a how many times. And I'm at me, but I'm out well fine. You got your super star. They're good luckier. Maybe it's going to fly. Maybe it's going to be really big. I just don't know. And my feeling about that whole business is I consider in belly achary day, but oh, we can't play the far-tiles. It's the callers that do that, generally. Oh, you hear that far-tile sound in that promo, which I even heard until yesterday. I don't need that. Okay. We don't need that. I mean, the fact that we keep getting restrict all this, I'm unhappy about that. And we know every now and then make a big issue on it. But to every single day, well, gee, I can't do the show the way I want here. If that's all you got, man, they're just ain't that much there. Okay? I'm sorry. That's all you got. It's far-tiles and words. Then to me, that's not a big deal. Who can't do that? Who couldn't go on the air if you if you if you put just about anybody who's fairly articulate on the air and you said, okay, you can say anything you want and play make any sounds you want and talk about anything else you want and the most grotesque show stuff you and you think that person wouldn't get a big number. Hey. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I'm sorry. That doesn't require anything special. No, no. Oh, you know, crap. Oh, man, he said, crap. Everybody in the world wants to say something say crap. Well, we've already heard crap on here. You know, it's just it's old. Who needs to go? There you go. How about again? Okay. Twice no less. Here, that joys. Yeah. So anyway, for the guy from serious to just called, I haven't signed anything yet. Although I will be there in a day or two and I you know, plan on signing. I mean, the deal is supposedly written in clay. And we'd like to play. I don't know. And this business about how I hated it. I don't hate it at all. That's especially being away from there. The fact that it matters is that it's not even in there which stop hyperventilating and the getting, and it's taking great joy in trying to ruin everybody's life all the time. Just like leave it alone. That's all. Currents and others just leave it alone. And stick that little maddie bell in the broom closet where he belongs up the other end of the building in power 96. Get him out of our face. That's all. And leave us alone. Just wind it up and let it go. It's one of those day parts on the anthoos just wind it up, let it go. And it's just the money comes rolling in. That's all. Most programmers in the business, they be ecstatic. They'd be peeing in their pants that would show like that. That brings it millions of dollars. And basically is like stress free. Just leave it go. But they he too like poison. That's the problem. And they like the beast. Oh, give me a break. Will you please? That's the first time he's ever sat in that chair. An issue and said anything was last week when he was auditioning for your job. That's the first time ever. Yeah. And we'll see what happens Friday. Not that I'll be listening or that you'll be listening. But that ought to be very entertaining for hours of the beast. As he tries again. WQAM Hello. Yeah. You want to have anal sex arts. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 560, pound 560 under Verizon and singular wireless lines. That was, see that's exactly what I was just talking about. Talk about one dimensional. WQAM Hello. Yeah. No. I kind of agree with that call about. I mean, two major really can't go there because they're going to have the satellite radio, Canada, probably next year and I mean, the camera. I think your age is not doing that good over job. Yeah. Well, let me ask you this question. Okay. Do you listen to this show on this station every day or whenever you can all the time? So what's the problem? So there's no problem. You're going to hear that. Let me ask you another question. Do you enjoy the show? Yeah. Yeah. I can show better and how it's started. So what's the problem, I mean? I don't know. I don't know. You know, if you got a local high school kid who was the ball hunter in five miles an hour, okay. You get to see him and enjoy it. Right. I don't know. I mean, I think you were in the same pose. How it's started. Yeah. And so I would like to see you to have that opportunity at the rest of the people in the country. My lawyer can't get it done. Okay. He's too busy with the marijuana laws and with certain local wacky people. He just, he's just got too many fish to fry. Can't get it done. Yeah. I for one, I'm going to call up without that a mic called matters. Or I'm going to call up. I'm going to call up. I'm up in New York. I'm going to call him up and just say. What are we going to look at this easy chain going here this morning? Where did this all come from? No, just, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, because I, I, I want to, I really think that the radio station like you, I am. I really, I've said this before. I talked to the other one of the other guys. I think they might be on their way out. The good ones after how it's turned goes. They would put everything in the house, turn after he goes. These other guys are going to start going. Yeah, they might lose the dolphin. And I'm going to ride them to you. You can be like that movie where the guy was taking a grave in the war. You don't want to go straight down to me. You're going to be here. I'm glad you're here. Careful. Okay, well, I have a great day. Good luck to me. Okay. Well, I didn't realize I was in such bad shape. Ha ha ha ha. This is great. I listen. If you choke up there all we can do is listen to you. I'm just gagging on them. Right. They must have like a, some kind of a Daisy King going here to serious people. You know, you don't have to call. You don't have to talk to. Okay. I still don't have any ink on a paper yet. You know, you could call, but they didn't do it. He's been emailing them and letting them know well where you're getting close to making another deal. And we knew what a naughty, oddy, oddy and this and that. They're just, you know, they're like in a state of suspended animation or whatever. Who knows what their deal is? I don't see other than Stern. I don't see any great town thing I lined up for there with Mel Carmeson and all the Southern crap. Oh, they built this studio is now lay. They did this. Well, that's great. So having a nice studio. The audience doesn't see this studio. And no one reminds me of an IOD. When our engineer was so concerned about the clock on the wall and the fact that it was going to Like mess up the brand new beautiful studio. And I kept trying to tell these people the audience doesn't see this studio. You could be doing a show from a from a toilet. Like in other, as long as the show is good and it's entertaining. The audience only knows what comes over that speaker in their radio. They don't see where you're broadcasting from. It's just like wherever the homestead right now. What differences that make? So the fact that got beautiful studios. That's wonderful. That's wonderful. Letting 40 cents a buy about a third of a cup of coffee. Okay, wolfies. If they open up again. But hey, let's get a whole bunch more calls like that. And that's very entertaining. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, 5, 60 under Verizon and singular wireless lines. I thought they all become like Rubin. Oh, how about that? It's an offense. Really kicked your team. We have right. We let them off the hook. And like I said, if you can't close the can't close it out. You let the other guys hang around. Every now and then it bites up and hits you in the ass. And what the hell was Brady doing? What was he doing at Bulmer? What are you doing at our time? Maybe, you know, al-micro said it would come in for once. He said it's the ball. The ball. He threw the ball. He had a device, it's even Tom Brady's not perfect. Now he looks kind of perfect to me. Although I've never seen all of it. But nevertheless, he looks pretty perfect to me. But he's not perfect. Guys make mistakes, guys make dumb plays, even the best of him. Look at George. Right. W.Q.M. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. Yeah, I want to talk about this serious thing in Howard and everything. You know, go ahead. Oh, still? It sounds like me. It sounds like me. We have guest on Buckwell. Phil has him. Howard has him. Can't win it that norma. What do you think? Everybody that loves you down here wants you to get even bigger. And you're here with that with that piece of crap agent. Yeah, you're right. I see the loser man. Yeah, get Buckwell. Then he does a stupid baseball games and baseball cards and we want you to be bigger. Yeah, I'm a bigger. I'll tell you that. I eat a little more. Yeah, not even that kind of bigger. Oh, for you get rid of that guy. You know, he's holding you back. He's he is the impediment of my assistant. You're right. Thanks, pal. I have a great holiday. Whatever you're celebrating. He's right. He's holding me back. You're an impediment to my life. And now he's like, oh, well, you know, I know you're going to give me a summary. He's already getting some cash off of them. You know, for this new deal, it supposedly we're doing. And then he's like trying to stuff it off of me too. Makes up this crap about how every time we sign a deal. I get, you know, we'll see about that. Patting himself on the back for the phenomenal job. He did that. It took about 75 meetings to even get these people to sit that suits you place. And agreed to a deal. Now you're these people are right. But I'm dealing with a guy who's just living in the little leagues. You know, his thing is fantasy baseball. It's a fantasy agent. I had, I was in such a good mood this morning. I'm getting a record. But I'm a nice long eight or nine day holiday. And these people are like, oh, I don't think I'm doing so bad quite frankly. I'm looking at my portfolio. I'm stationed in a way like it's going out of style, man. Things are doing pretty well for my life. I feel great. I do the show here. I do it there. Where would I feel like it? You know, life is pretty good. That'll teach you to take calls. Yeah, no, I'm loving this. I made it. We'll do this all day. I'm just to how we're willing to carlil the hell with the pool. I just sit here and take all these calls. Tell me how poorly I'm doing now. We all want you to be big. Yeah, well, I ain't going to happen. Okay. What are you going to be successful? Yeah, exactly. What are you going to start making some bucks and what is the kind of like, I don't see anything in the newspaper. We're just having chicken and a hero that's done. I'm not saying anything in there. Neal Rogers resigns for with few way in for two more years. I don't say anything about that. When you think that somebody would have said something, I'm not it's a big news. It's not like steering going to serious, which is a revolutionary change for the whole business. But I mean, it's something of local interest you would think, right? Are you saying anything in there? No, I didn't see anything. Of course I don't look. No, these people are too busy playing little games. We got too many game players. They're like clearance. They're like the beast. And all these other little silly children. Children. Not adults. Not professional broadcasters. silly little children who want to play games with the careers of people have been doing this for a long time. So, to manage in this market. And these people are trying to get me all whipped up in New Friends. You have about nothing because nothing is going to happen. Sirious isn't foot me on. Exams isn't put me on. Nor can't isn't give the show a syndicated. I'm here on QA and I'm not unhappy with that. I don't have a problem with that at the age of 110. But these people are informing me, I'll hear me single call that I got problems, man. I got serious problems. Mold tape over Limey. What have you heard? I have a research say. What? I said you better take a look. I better go look in the mirror. It's not a pretty picture. I'll say that. That much I know. QA and hello. Mayo. Good morning. Yes sir. When is this? Yeah. I forget about theories in the satellite. What I want to know is how this man, the stage, and your designate you syndicated. Because I hear all the time of who can replace our that. Doesn't the station make money if you're syndicated? Or is that separate deal for it? I mean, it was here. It still have the show on. Of course, they would still make the same amount of money. You bet. I mean, I think that what everybody is trying to say. I mean, you're making the big work. But it's not really a problem. But it's like, if you know you. Well, what is it? It's not about that. What is it about? Ego. I don't have any ego. I'm one of the few people in this business in show business in any form where you shave. I don't have any ego. I don't. That's stuff that rolls off my back. I don't care about that. Yeah. I'm looking at this market for 30 years. How could you have any ego left? Absolutely. I mean, like you're being like this lady, you can control what you say and everything. And I hear everybody saying how is it? Who's going to replace our turn? I bet that if you were for some reason, we put in the Howard Stern station that he's on right now. Nobody would miss Howard Stern. I don't know if you're going to say this. Yeah, I wouldn't do it no matter for any amount of money. This station offered me a lot more money to do moreings when he gets finished to do six to ten. I'm not getting up at 430 in the morning ever again in my life. There's no money on me in the world. It's worth screwing up my whole life for that. Absolutely. Well, they're lucky. Thanks a lot, Pally. All right, little okay. Everybody's pound. I don't know where did this come from. I don't know, just write it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So Tom Brady said five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, five, sixty, on a Verizon and singular. This is special today. We got those trends come out, 1130. We're going to kick some serious ass. Howard Stern, Neil Rodgers, Jim Manage, Hank Goldberg. We're going to kick big juicy ass. And I don't even know what's going on with the other people on this station. Where did this all come from? This has got to be a setup. But this has got to be. I mean, this is just like the thing with the beast last week that they were trying to like audition him to take your job. This is another setup deal. Maybe they're trying to talk me to not signing this deal. Maybe that's what it's all about. WQAM, hello. Yeah, I got a setup for Neil. Speaking. Neil. Yeah. Oh, great. Neil, I've got six friends of mine. Two living friends, longer than one living. Yeah. And they want to listen to you over there. That's brilliant. So you've got to go on serious. Well, what is serious? Seriously, isn't going to be on in France and London. They can listen online right now on our website. Anywhere in the world. Yes, not going to be overseas. Start online, radio. And not any time in the next 10 years, I guarantee you that. And I'll be pushing up these easy before that happens. So very. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, god. OK. Well, how can I? OK, I'm going to take it. All right. No, no, forget. Get serious, OK. Yeah, so that's the model for the 2005. Now, get serious. That's why he's to write all those stupid picture cards all of the time. Get serious. That is to write, get serious. That's a little variety. I'm just to be a little too cute. See, it's zero. And here we are, we're getting serious, not. I mean, that's what this sounds like to me. It sounds like it's inserted effort. Like, oh, can we, like, a last ditch last minute effort to like talk me out of that whole deal? I don't think that's going to happen. You don't have hard to find. No. My agent's rate hard to find. He's sitting home, shoveling food in his fat pussy. I guarantee you that. He's got his beeper number and his cell phone number and his home number and his orifice number and his, you know, one of the hotline number, whatever he's got going there, his mirror, one of the abnormal abnormal lines. He's got it all going. Oh, look at this. Hey, that's that. There you go. WQAM, serious line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I wonder that the week has come out, just watch the ball drop. That was good. I'm not sure if you can watch the ball drop. I'm not sure if you can watch the ball drop. Hey, five-sake, at least I was a little change of pace a little relief from this other madness that's going on here. That's just keep on. I'm going to get a serious face on that first call. That was so obvious. That was like that. Thanks. We got that day about how the beast is such a birthday party. Remember that Josh? Yeah. And that's Tony Facts. And what did I say? As soon as I read it. I said, oh, this is an inside job. This is a setup. Yeah. And I come to find out that whole deal last week Miguel shows up to do Georgia's deal last week and sit on the show because that's why I asked for. And all of a sudden, on the same day that Miguel drives all the way in, oh, here's the beast just half of the show up. Well, I'm doing it. The clearance told me to come here. Yeah. Well, tell parents to blow it out as stupid as. Okay. We're sick and tired of clearance. Take them to the shrink. See if they can shrink it. WQAM, hello. QAM. Welcome to the parade line. Hello. Yeah, I want to talk to you. Speaking. Neil. Yep. Well, I want to give you a fire report. Okay. Listening to a boy down the aisle, dialed there, man. Big dogs. And he's got air three on him. He's family on about how the organization, softened organization, got an attitude with him. And air three goes, Joe, you got to remember their listening. Excellent. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. And don't forget speaking. I'm listening. I'll be on for a little bit of a day or two of the class. So you can do one of them. I'll have to. I'll have to turn the dial off real quick. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Thanks. I love you. And don't forget. I'm listening. Five, six, seven, five, six. You had a mow as on today for one of his very guest appearances. He might as well do something. He's getting paid for sitting out. I guarantee he's going to be just all carrying on. Well, that's another reason. If I didn't know that he was going to be on today. I'd have really been rooting extra hard for the Patriots to see a lot. Baby up last night. What a shame. But you know, it's one game, man. It's still 12 and two. It's like life goes on. Not the end of the world. Not looking good for the playoff picture. It's not going to help any. But nevertheless, it's only a ball game. See, over here, there's that big storm that's coming up there. I'm getting off. He's the here is going to be Chicago and say. Woo! That's why I got to get there a lot of here, man. By Thursday, it's going to be like the end of the world. Hear that big storm is coming. Not looking good for Thursday. So George, we got to Marlons Thursday for those of you who like him a lot. And those of you who hate lump like poison. That's too bad. And then Friday, we got to be stunned. We got to be stunned. I don't know who's going to be doing two to four because Beast originally was going to be doing that. Do we care? No, we don't care. Maybe he'll be doing six hours. Maybe he could be doing the same time. Maybe he'll be the Beast all beast Friday. W to Q and hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, Tally. Very good. I just wanted to throw my support behind George. I love him. I hate the Beast. He's a fast blob and goat dealer. All right. Oh, he was still good to get to that last part. I got news for him. Mr. and he, I'm sure he knows this is a stealer strand. There are less couple of games. They've just wiggled off the hook too. They played pretty crappy. They just like the Eagles have played couple of pretty crappy games in Raw. And so, you know, even the best of teams, it's not easy. Just ask those 72 dolphins about going undefeated, right? They're still winning though. Who's that? The Steelers, yeah. The Eagles. Yeah, but you got to admit that. Did you see the Eagle Game in, of course, now that they got the Terrell Owens? Yeah, he's out. I'm sorry, Terrell. I see I can't figure it out. He's out. He's got like, I've got to have an operation on his ankle. He's got his anatorium. He's got problems. He's a finito for this season. And so they got the serious problem. They can be had. The Eagles. But the Seaters right now are the best team in league. Anybody would argue with that. I would tell you, you're full of crap. How do you like that? Being the sportsman, even though I am. The Eagle, the Steelers are the best team in league. And you're who we called back in the day when they just pounded the crap out of the your Patriots? Yeah. I remember that game. I do. Which happens to the last night with the Patriots on the last of the season. No, well, content me, man. I mean, they just pounded the crap out of us. Let's see. We're going to do the new pool. I guess I better do that. Brenda Carliles, the media currently today. She was born August 1758 in Hollywood, California. Uh, ranked number 76 on VH1's greatest women of rock and roll. Oh, man. Several films, frequency 13 going on 30. Not 30, man. Two hundred cigarettes, circulates, Roman and Michelle's high school reunion. Manicom. I remember mannequin. You remember that? Right. Kim control. Wasn't Andrew McCarthy and I movie? I think he was. Don't like Andrew McCarthy. No, but when he started hanging out with Robloin put on that Fony dog and pony act. Fast times at Ridgemont High, she's having a baby swing. She's got a long long. She's been in about 80 million movies, okay? And TV stuff and pop stars in there. The business are going to brown her. What? The go-go is at her singing career. And audience with the BG, she's been in all come. Brenda Carliles. There she is. I'll look at all that great on there. What? But I said Brenda, Brenda, Brenda, Brenda, Brenda, Brenda. Brenda, Brenda, Brenda, Brenda. She used to get pissed off about it. And when her she is, Brenda Carliles, excuse me. Here's our pool today. And this is not that original. Everybody's doing it, but it's that time of the year. It's the first official day of winter. The last two days with the coldest two days and 62 years in Toronto. My luck couldn't get out of here a little. I had the time would have been nice now. Coldest two days and 62 years. And I mean, I don't mean cold. I mean beyond. And then I'm reading in a Harold this morning. Oh, a 35 degrees, the poor homeless author. How about minus 35 Celsius, you idiots in the homeless. Here we got homeless like crazy here. And they're out there. Their heads are like freezing to the sidewalk. So they're tongue believable. It's criminal what goes on with a homeless in this town. Hey, here's the pool for a day. And then we got the trends coming loving 30. I think we got this thing. Look, they will have a whole bunch of people called. Oh, gee, you're agent flows. Yeah, where what is that? That couldn't have been an accidental. You know, that guy called right off the bat. And then all of a sudden we had to be slowly, call in in. You, you, when you have thought that somebody would have said, Oh, hey, it's really great that you're going to be around for another four years now. You know, you just have to. Right. Hey, I don't have to buy one of those little deals now. Right. I don't have to spend any extra money. Listen to the radio and the entertainment is free and granted. We got that Spanish music in the background and your management or a bunch of bulls. Oh, it's, but nevertheless, be nice to know that you're going to be on for another four years of you stay alive. Wouldn't that have been great? Not one. Not one hat. See, and that's our floor. That's one of the reasons I don't want to be there. Maybe more than I absolutely have to be. Too many miserable people that want you to be just as unhappy as they are. I'm happy, man. I'm not the least bit unhappy. I'm a happy camper. Life is fine. Life is sweet. As Defa would say, back when he was killed in them Indians. What was the most important story of 2004 to you? Got a whole list here, including two that I mentioned these two. I don't know. Better change. Better switch the poll on here on my thing. Because I got the power, man. Here you go. You're just switched. Bush wins reelection. Scott Peterson trial. 1,300 plus dead US soldiers numeric. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that multiple casualties reported US base in Mosul, at least 22 or dead 51 wounded Americans and Iraqi soldiers. Another grotesque to a bone of bomba Grande again and it just goes on and on and Bush is saying, Oh, we're all right. Anyway, 13 under plus dead US soldiers in Iraq, Red Sox win the world series, the hockey lockout. That'll be a lot of votes. Oh, yeah. Dolphin season of disaster. And that's even after last night. It let's face a tree in love of his aide disaster. Howard Stern signs with serious radio. The arrived to a senior in QAM. And then I also got the, when you get these at the two. Read about it. Jan Jackson, voop flap. We got it now. And for hurricanes in Florida. I mean, I'm sure there must be some others including in fact, AP has got their own thing the top stories of the past year. Like Reagan dies. You want to put some of these others on or not. Some of you guys, I don't care. Let them call it if it's important to them. Well, no, I'm saying we got now. I've got the list here of the top 10 from AP from the AP and then we got the ones from Wartman's in the next hour and law velocity and no now. What's Albert's name? Not game erages, not I mean, that's, that's silly. Error fact dies. No, that's the, the, uh, I think you're wrong about the marriage thing. I think that's because we're going to be in the middle of the, but what's the question, Gamerage, what? The game erages. Well, what's our question? The most important. Okay, Gamerage. I guess that's the story. Yeah, there is. Gamerage. Reagan dies. You can put that on there. And then they've got Russian school seizure and Madrid bombies. Neither what you're going to get any votes to mean, and forget about those. And I don't mean forget about them. But they're not, they're no more content in our crowd. When you greet, yes. I knew you were. I'm reading a facts. Huh? I said I'm reading the facts. I'm about to say it. Oh. Okay, 1056, if you have our topic today is how Niels A. In sucks in Eul is a feeling really bad and, uh, shame that after all these years, I show us so great. These, uh, got so many important things to say. And if you would have been on nationwide in the last election, Bush wouldn't have a chance to steal it. And I think you're right about that. But, uh, all those other people that promised they were going to get carry elected. And they're too busy worrying about the same old craft. And that's what bugs me. That's the only thing that would be nice is to be able to make a little impact. To have like a million people every day looking at our fine website. That's so many people so much work into like Josh. Oh, I know. And right. Right. Seriously, it would be a little bit nice. But we just don't, I just don't have the, uh, the, uh, power to people behind me. I got, uh, you know, Stern has got Mel Carma's in the head. Now again, it's serious and buckwheat, and all these people. And I got the normal, you know, who's this silly person who means well. I mean, means very well, bless her soul. But she just, uh, over her head. She's grounding in the sea of a little weakness, you know, keep in mind that her radio experience was on the light bulb. And that Saturday morning showed that she wants me to keep plugging out in some station. Nobody even knows where it is on the down or what the conglages are. That's, uh, that's where she, that's her concept of the business. You know, pop that janko. Yeah, look what I got. Very good. I've actually the beast wouldn't come up with that. 10, 50 seven. It's, oh, you just wait till the last show that I do man. You just wait. I don't know when that's going to be, but you just wait. That's going to be one for the, uh, what, it's so an institute for our kids. I'll wait. The holiday season is here. Any truck knows that and the people at Armstrong for the homestay. One of the thank all their loyal customers for the business and trust. Everybody with a brain knows that Ford makes great vehicles. So to be competitive Armstrong for realizes they need to offer more value because you can buy Fords and a whole lots of places. So Armstrong was the first for dealer off of your tires and batteries for life. Plus a Florida sun pass with each vehicle you buy by president general, Mangler David Richen again also wanted to remind you that Armstrong for always has highly competitive prices. Man, you can't beat their deals. You can drive away in a brand new 2005 F 150 right now. Armstrong for just 13, 938 or brand to less tradition for only 24 190. Great prices had to value in friendly service. That's the Armstrong difference. When you're ready for a new vehicle, come to the deal that treats you just like family. Armstrong for the homestead Southwest 307 street US one exit a Campbell drive off the turnpike. Price and include all factory rebates and discuss with the pro credit plus tax tag and fees. Happy holidays from the great folks at Armstrong for to homesick. This is the Neil Roger show. This is the brain. And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean forksauce with a few words about new Timmy Dean's vagal salmon. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, as someone to tell me it's 25 years ago that I've been making vagals, I'd have said, huh? That's two food, isn't it? But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels out give you your bagels. What a big old Greece is slab of Timmy Dean forksauce Johnny. New Timmy Dean, non-coachier vagal sandwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy him. You just can't eat a new Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches. There's a little bit of big it everybody. It's 11 or two. At 5.60 WQM happy holidays to him. That's too generic for any of the people out there whether Jews are glam or my, whatever you are at too bad. Happy holidays can cover it all. It's a nice, it's a pleasant thing to say, you know? Right. And it's considered because just like some of the Christmas cards, if you've seen some of the stuff that these crazy banter Timmy, Oh, they're doing in Jesus name. We wish you a blessed holiday. And you know, they know that I don't believe any of this. Craft it's like a slapping a faith. It's like what we do it. It's like what Pilar is doing to everybody inside on past and it's like, It's like giving everybody a big slapping a faith. If it ain't Pilar doing it, it's Gwen is not in three-cylinder of the bushes there. Trader trashed a recent. That's a great show to bed that nobody watches it. At least in this crowd. You know who watches passions besides women? I call it students. Very big. Now college students don't listen to the show. But that's me son. Yeah, that's you, of course. Yeah, yes. Yeah, we got what are you going to do? Now this facts that you said made the trends will be in it. Love them 30 by the way. That's two thirds of the fall rating book for those who keep track we've been doing that for years. And it kills them good time. This is from the chronic in Cocoa. When as I stop and think about it, he has got to be the most chronic facts you're about. Not a bad guy. I'm sure, but the most chronic. This writing is so, you know what I mean? Right. Yeah, he's chronic, but that's all right. Nice. Good guy. I'm just saying he's chronic although he has had a couple of cranky facts as over the years. He says, hi Neil. I'll defend it that if you're right to work when and where you want. Or retire for that matter. Retire! Retire! However, as a lawyer and a patriot who fears to the future of my country, I desperately want your unique mixture of humor and real moral values, moral values, for I'm in the purple states like Ohio, Iowa, Nevada, and New Mexico for the next four years. The purple states. I see the one good thing about this deal is it keeps me on the release of the 2008 lesson. Right? Correct. Nobody's going to be here. It makes me accept the same folks in South Florida who will all vote for the democrat anyway. And most of my audience. Please do me, you, Michael Moore, and your country of favor. Before I talk about people, see this deal with this reminds me of, Perh. People who get carried away with themselves and really take themselves to importantly. One lesson. I'm going to give all the young people who might be out of school listening. Don't ever take yourself too seriously. Don't get into this syndrome where you think you've been like, change the world. This one thing to be altruistic and to try to do some good during the course of your lifetime. But the more you're around the more you're realized that you're swimming upstream, just like for Howard Dean. Anyway, it says, make sure you're new QN contract has a provision law on other entities outside South Florida. Pick up and we broadcast your internet stream. And we got an authority to get our internet stream on there when some Jack has near friendly decides to open a pond in the building. Right? The language plus the fact that they hit our website like poison that resented because of the fact they're jealous to QN websites like it's in about two years. They were we getting one day and in terms of response. The language should allow you to decide which entities get access and what fees you're going to find if they will pay you for it. If it also guaranteed QN or percentage, say 10% for any such fee received. This approach is painless for you and QN and leaves open a possibility that the great unwarshed masses will finally get to hear you and maybe even wake up I will still have a country. Who knows? Sir us and more may buy a fondric cable channel to reach millions or a serious may slow popularity. Don't foreclose your chance to be a part of it says the product in Cocoa. Oh, what does that mean? For clothes my chance. Just like Salotso said, you know, these people ahead their chance. Right? Right? I am the hunted one. Nothing ahead their chance. I mean, you know, I don't see, I don't like to a business with people with a dilly valley. You know what I mean? I go to buy a new car. What I buy a car I do it over the phone. How do you like that? Do you believe that? Sure. What a true story. I talked to my friend Greg Nelson. I've went to a new Corvette and tell him what I want and there it is and they bring it right to the house. I signed a papers and have an I stay and if necessary, his little sick and you go by. I have a great life. He showed you a little color chart right there on the phone. Right? That's right. I don't know. One of these people at like like when you go into a store, the handling people. Oh, brother. Oh, he's talking about the Canadians. He's got the first Canadians again. You know, just Canadian regular. I got a friend here. They went to the store when I bought my TV. My Samsung 46 inch. I stole over him. Much better. And that came last night. The picture was so crystal clear man. You could have reached in there and padded Tommy on the head and said, okay, Tommy, bad play. But next week, we could be a different story. You know, whatever you want to say. Although next week, you got the tough game against the jet. So that was not a for two at his time for the Patriots to choke in the gag and blow that game last night. You know what? Well, maybe it was though. Why is that? Maybe you wake him up. You mean? Yeah. I do think they were looking past that that came last night. And spread all their comment about the Dolphins. Great defenses. So I think they were looking past because defensively and on the special teams. And they're not just a 72 year part return. But every time every time the Patriots kicked off or put in man, the Dolphins had a big return. They were just they couldn't tackle anybody. They were in their heads. And that defense I watched every game they played. And they just said they weren't into it. In the last two minutes it was like, well, you know, we just can't get the job done. I know what it was. But you know, in sports no matter what, there's a lot of so long season. Nobody's going to be great every week. Except to course certain people on QA and Brian, but all those Super Bowl rings, right? Right. Rings and things. That where we get lunch and time rings and things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pawn. I have no idea what's going on here today. This is just out of the blue. I mean, it's very flattering. It's very nice. Oh, we want the best for you. And you want you to like a beer. Because why? Well, what difference does it make? What they're damn, they're held that unconvincing me that I'm not happy. They, they sound like a management of QA in there. Maybe it's a conspiracy. Maybe they, at least put up calls are coming from inside the building. Here's line nine. This ought to change the whole tone. QA, I'm hello. There's a buffer. There's a hole in the hole in the hole. Yeah. That's the old. Line nine always builds a sub. Just keep that in mind for future reference. When you're filling in for the beast. Right. WQA, and hello. I'm happy if you're happy, but I'm shocked. I thought I thought some daylight year that you were going to settle. And we could hear the deal rod is show on sensor. I really didn't. That would be nice. I just, I, and then you choked around a little bit. You, you're actually, you're, no, I wasn't talking around. There were some discussions going on. I thought something might happen. But now far, this can't get it done. He's just, you know, how far did it go? You can talk about happy work. I'm not going to make it. For my face to my ass, I would say, as if I've how far it went. No. It didn't as far as it went. Well, there were never any number. There are many dollars, uh, uh, discussed. No, it was never any offer made. What? What? What? Nothing. I'm going to get pardon. It's time to, like, he didn't even talk. No, he talked to them because I know the names of the people that I, uh, uh, we recounted the conversations. There were several conversations that took place. But I think the fact that I still had two years left on this deal. The fact, if this deal would have been ended like the end of this month, I think I'd be under January 1. Well, you see the F. A couple times. Yeah. Okay. Doing the break. I'll say it several times over there. Do it. Just to make it. And I come on. Oh, brother. Just when you think you got a life to get out, and then these people come along, you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And then you know. And you know. And then you know that. And then you know. And then we know. And we know. And then you know. Finally. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's a very good place to watch the show. It's like the... It's like the next show. OK.. What's it on IG? Yeah it farms a 2 year old computer. Again... Oh. I had mistake when you know what I haven't sent anything yet. Let's take a poll on that. Wait till you hear this. I'm not going to read the whole thing much too long. I'm not reading any long articles today. Not on this day before vacation. I'll let you do it next two days. If you're at least doing it on Friday, you're going to read a whole lot of intellectual crap. Probably about the UM. Smoking gun, present and authorized, they torture red. Abu Ghara, right FBI email says. This is disgusting or what? How can we do it in here about this before the election? Shut up, Colby. Repeat it references in an internal FBI email suggests that the president issued a special order to permit some of the more objectionable torture techniques used at Abu Ghara, and other US-ROM prison facilities around Iraq. The email was among a new batch of FBI documents revealed by civil rights advocates on Monday. Other documents describe the initiation of investigations into alleged incidents of torture and rape by detention facilities in Iraq. The email which was obtained by the ACAU represents the first-hard evidence directly connecting the Abu Ghara prison scandal and the White House. The author of the email whose name is blanked up, Abu Ghara's title is described as on-scene command or bagbed contains 10 explicit mentions of an executive order that the author said mandated US military personnel to engage in extraordinary interrogations tactics. An executive order is a presidential edict, sometimes public, sometimes secret. Instituting special laws or instructions that override or compliment existing legislation. The White House has officially needed to admit it nor denied that the president issued an executive order for obtaining to endure it in a certain way. Abu Ghara, whatever that is. It's certainly. I like that. The whole story of the on our website that's for tomorrow. Send your old bunch of stuff for tomorrow already. Just to give it to myself. Great. One of that that way I figured maybe it'll be on by Friday. What you're having issues, you know, Josh has having some issues with his internet provider. Yeah, I heard it at a pit that would call me back by the way. Yeah, gotta get that straightened up. But I'll leave that up to it the two of you because I'm not going to pay attention. Let's see, here's the fact that his uncle nails butter really kissing ass today. I would like to assure that Neil God will always be number one with me. As far as Howard sperm is concerned, I enjoy his e-show and from time to time. Listen to some of his radio show as far as you're concerned. If you can join Howard on satellite, I would absolutely pay for it without question. But at least get syndicated. At least as far as how you handle your business, I was raised in New York when my father told me to respect the handshake. Unfortunately, the modern business will respect nothing but a high-powered animal for an attorney agent. Even if you're attorney friend, Norma has naked pictures of you dump him. He blows and why wouldn't you? I know he blows. I want everyone in the world to know what we have known for years. There is nobody better. I'm sorry to say that no, this is no such job. The station here runs stands for nothing. Wow. They don't appreciate you. I know that. They certainly don't deserve you. I definitely don't want you off the year even for one day. But I think that my this is just goes on and on. My biggest reason is that if anyone on this planet doesn't have to take crap, it should be you and even the little George. Don't settle. Please take a stand for all of us working, slips and kicks him ass. If anything, sign your dear ear into you, then you do get syndicated and you'll go, wow. Wow. Wow. You're using it here in that. Now, it's like a drum roll or something big, something dramatic. Me. And here I thought everything was going just fine, you know. Well, we're fine. It's called setting your standards too low, man. Setting your sides too low. Shoot for the moon. Right? Don't sell yourself short. Well, that's already happened. But I think the immado has to be shoot for the moon. Fuck the moon. Right. And Norma can't. He's like, you know, like I said, I'll probably handle the league. I'm like, I'm like, myder leagues, literally baseball. G-softball, stuff like that. Yeah, that's especially. Think that things that he can relate to. So now I'm getting like, I think I'm getting sick. I'm going to sort of throw it all of a sudden. I don't want to do that. Got like a lump in my throw from this. Then you won't be working tomorrow. Regardless, I don't want to be sick during my vacation. That's the worst thing that could happen. Then maybe I'll take a couple of likes or weeks. And we can have the B-san filling in for George. WQAM, hello. Hey, Sally. Yes, Sally, how are you doing? Hey, that weather doesn't like such job. That was all true, though. Absolutely correct, sir. Wow. Yeah, yeah. I tried calling you a bunch of times when you're on the Godfather. Can you put the Godfather music on? Can I ask you a question about it? I can do whatever your like, man. Whatever I see, you happy. I can find it, I'm saying just a minute. Okay. There it is. Just a second. There it is. All right. It's in the Godfather part one. When Michael put the hospital and the Baker guy shows up to God. And Michael, I'm going to help me. For your father, for your father, yeah? Yeah. I'll take a take a put your father. Right. Right. He asked us to be a Lieutenant Lee. And the Enzo, the Baker guy, has tried to light a cigarette. Michael thinks his white apartment in light a cigarette. And then he gives that lighter some kind of a funny rod. And when the back to a light that was a indicative of something like a trade or ship or something, did you feel how I applied the movie or is that just, uh, I think you're listening, man. I think he's doing so many bad mushrooms. No! I don't remember anything unusual about the lighter. I remember the scene that we're standing on the steps of the hospital and the put your hand in your corporate lucky have a gun and they dropped by and stopped and they looked and all of a sudden they took off again. And then his hand is shaking as he's trying to light the a fact of the cigarette. Right. But Michael made it. And this lucky look down at the lighter. And it looked like he was reflecting on a memory of something and then gave the lighter back to us. So, let's go. I'll have to watch it again this weekend. Hi. Okay. I'm afraid of it. You too, Halley. All right. I'm leaving. I had my chance. I am. See, Godfather the original one. How we say Godfather one and a good one, Gregor Solves. So there is no Godfather one. Well, you have to differentiate because there's three different movies. Okay. The first Godfather the original. Every actor, every actor even the people with a good part is they were all spectacular. That's what differentiated one and two so much from three is that unfortunately when it became a financial issue. You know, when he stared like cut and corners one was cut back on our expense. They cut corners and it cost him a lot of money. That could have been big. Godfather three could have been sensational without Eli Ward. Without George Hamilton and certainly without Sophia, that's all he did. Oh, okay. I've been mad or could have been mad or good. And even Andy Garcia, I could live without. I'm not the big fan of his. Even before he stood in the street, they're outside Alianito's, uh, Nick believe house. Oh, great. Did on that movie's Kirby was the best. He was the best in that movie? No, no, I hope you don't. Maybe they could be. Here you go. Welcome to QA in. Hello. You know, God. Yes, sir. Speaking. I feel like Howard Veal, I've been calling for the last three segments trying to get through. Okay. Because. I don't know. Thank you sir. Go ahead. Honestly, the reason I'm calling is because I think I can sum up why everybody's saying what they're saying that they are about you in serious. Yes. It's because, you know, Howard fits in niche for the juveniles when it comes to, you know, juvenile humor and things like that. that's great, he's got a great audience. But to be honest with you, you couple with most people think on your audience with comedy and or humor and breaking up the day because we all have crappy jobs and we do our lives and we listen to you to try to get through it. And honestly, I think it would help the Democratic cause if you were syndicated, so I firmly agree you should fire an armicam. Yeah. And because we need you out there more, I think we need to go out and work time to consider you what do you think? I think in clothing and down calling on, I will leave you now because I know you're busy. OK, thanks, they got. OK. Was that a look at our Howard Beal? Maybe it was like a skinnier look at it. Here's the way the polls come in so far. We got those trends coming in just a few minutes. Who's going to be bringing those in? Duffie, I hope, certainly not clearance. Clarence isn't allowed that studio anymore. Unless he's with the beast, hand in hand. Look at that, the sun is shining boys and girls. I think it's going to get up to maybe 32 today. I didn't like that. Like I said, all these silly pansies there. Oh, it's you. It was down to 35 or 40 last night. Yeah, poor babies, man. Poor babies. Oh, look at that. It's only minus 3 of 26 right now. I'm getting carried away. But it's going to be up to like one to day, 34. Aren't you excited? Unthrough. Aren't you real happy for me? That's why I'm getting hot here. We'll find out. Anyway, what was the most important story of 2004 to you? 147 votes on there. 1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq 46, Bush wins reelection 36. Neorodier signs to your extent to the QM24. It's not signed yet. Four hurricanes in Florida, 23. Howard Stern signs with serious radio seven, Red Sachs win a world serious seven. Duffin season of disaster. Three in Sputtle last night, which took a little bit of a sting and a stink off, but still disaster. A three. Talkie like out one. That's probably what? Yeah. Game marriage, Reagan dies. The energy action, movie flap and Scott Peterson trial, all of got the big vote. You are listening to Neil Roger S. Clucydlade on 516. Total body. But one man trapped in a strange world must defend his honor, his woman, and also that weird cult thing he's in. No one has a best of a touch. He was the famous man who's ever lived. John Hussies, the last Scientologist. It's as legitimate as any other major religion only for some. The last Scientologist, if you call him gay, you'll sue you for $100 million. But if you call his religion crazy, he'll catch you in half. Likewise, with a four foot samurai sword. Call wasn't so much to his son. But if you're a winner, he will be in the sauce. The last Scientologist. What do you want from me? I mean, which size my fame, my fortune, the plate of soul of my life? Oh yes, my soul. Tom Hussies, the last Scientologist. Unless you count John to both it, ten a health man, and if you are, they're a gullible Hollywood area. The last Scientologist is now playing with your mind in a theater near you. Okay, it's 29 till noon at five sixty about the leave. A leave, which is also an approximation is the drug. It's how I believe is the brand name. Okay, is the latest pain relief, which I get the a cabasht now. The fellow breks, five is his OEA work and advertising. More which is a lie because I son at four at last night. I think during the football game or somewhere. We're not going to advertise anymore, but we're still on a. We still got to get our money out of it is what they're saying. They had that big investment, so they're going to kill a bunch of people. So you're going to have your viox, your fellow breks and I will leave, which are now linked to heart disease and stroke is what they say. Oh my God. Why don't you use it? Because the FDA and the government are really care about you. Not only care about it, the big pharmaceutical companies and helping them make all them either can. You know what it really makes me, I was sitting here this morning. Think about our good friends at very, you know, and about. And yeah, that's a simple thing. Back when we had a real problems in Europe, especially they were getting their ass sued over some of them drug. I figured which drug was back then. And they really need some cash flow. And all of a sudden we started getting these letters with their trash. Show them up. And everybody in their brother was pop in Cyprol and buy an up Cyprol. Remember that? I sure do. Did they ever find a guy who sent those letters with their hand trash? And it now. I don't think so. They're filled with, you know, didn't they, uh, convicted the company? They got a person of interest. No, they just ruined his life and cost him his job. But they didn't have any evidence and didn't convict anybody. I'm sure. Now a person of interest, you know how that is? Right. Okay. Now one of those transvestor companies coming in baby here. This is going to be huge. I always say that don't I. Well, they're always, each, what is the huge unit in the other one? I'm starting to have second thoughts about this deal. 567, 560, pound 560, under Verizon and Siggular Wireless Line. I think we are going to inflict as much grief on them as they have on us. Oh, God, we don't have enough, enough years to do that. Somebody QA and hello. Hey, now what's up? How are you doing, sir? Pretty good. The significance of the writers and all that crazy, as far as I got to start with the memories and all that. Just end those and just shit, we're shaking like crazy. And then Michael took the lighter from him. He realized that his hands weren't shaking. And that maybe he had a stomach for it. You know, I see. I see. He has a true. He's got it. I think he made it somewhere on it. All right. Bye about it. Thanks a lot, pal. Yes, he might go to the horse sale. He made the net this way. Your perspicacious him. And I know what to realize now. That's me. Very good. What? Got to rewatch it? Yes. Something like the least as seen. Yeah. Because the life from this, you know, military, you know, war hero and he was like a good, uh, a good, uh, a good family. Please, buddy. Boy and all of the Southern now of a sudden, when he started came home and got involved in the family business. And then he realized more and more than he was the era parent because they came after his dad had to step up. Right. You know, the step up to the plate, like they say, step up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, I hit a fast machine run. That's not numbers. Is it? No. Oh, well, though, tell me we're going to get like a stall routine today. It's supposed to be 11 30 this morning. This is September, October, November, which we had that huge October, Steering went through the roof. We went way through the roof. We went all the way to the moon as a matter of fact. What does it say? Oh, geez. It says I'm a 2070 year old South Liberty and hip hop loving punk. I grew up listening to you and my mom's car on days like this with no school. I listened to you, lead. We would more than half of your crap. Well, that's not bad. More than half of my crap. To me, you are more talented than anyone on the dial. Well, that's true. And I do listen to Howard. I agree that more people should hear you before we all die. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. People deserve to hear a voice. Like you're a speaks of do it. Harry, do know what does it say? Do know a harming. Whatever that says. Or happy do know a harming. Harbotic. I can't read it. Harmonity. Oh, great. Thanks a lot. Happy whatever your name is. I got an happy or a monocody to you too. What? You got a lot. You want the end? Nothing. Just 12 plus. What does it look like? Who gave it to you? Clarence. Clarence Dero. Right. Came into our studio. He's the program director. I don't give a crap. What is title is man. I got a title form. And what if you say he said mumbled mumbled something out of it? Oh, what is it? I don't know. I was listening to. Mumbled mumbled. He said something like the other ones are coming right out. Something like the beast is going to have your job before the end of the year. And it's already 20. So second. Yeah. 25. For two nine in the morning. We're what? And 25 to a 2 9. 13th to 14th. Great. That's a 6 to 10 a.m. Yeah. What about 10 to 3? 10 a.m. The 3 p.m. Yeah. Pureless. But in it. 35 to 35 flat. Type for 11 to type for 11. 10. Well, 12 plus. That's for me to. Yeah. That's looking. After noon. 3 to 7. Yeah. Where is it? Well, you know, you got to turn a lot of pages together. That one. Yeah. We're going to a 2 to 2. From 18 to 21. Well, 12 plus in me. We're 12 plus. The audience said there's no understandings waiting. He said, we've 12 plus means everybody can be aged 12 to 200. We want those men 25 to 54 is what we want. We want to be aged 12 to 49. Oh, you know, we're looking for many 18 to 24. But that's another story. How many of you are? Huh? 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 50. 5 60. On a Verizon. Sing it a wireless line. Son of a, those don't really mean to 1. Looks flat. Well, that's what don't forget. We're going to lose that awful September. We're going to be dropping at the design. That was the end of the world September with all those hurricanes. I think they, I think they distributed like four diaries and all of them were like the trailer parks. What was the most important story of 2004 to you was our full question. 180 votes. Here's what we got. 1300 plus did US soldiers in Iraq 56. Bush wins a reelection 44. For hurricanes in Florida, 31. The O'Rodger stands to your extension with QM28. Red sauce went a world serious eight. Howard Cernstein assigns with serious seven dolphin season disaster only three. Uh, Reagan dies one hockey lock out. One Scott Peterson trial one. Game marriage in Janet Jackson. Ruby flat. Nobody. How do you like that? All the craft that we have to take over that like half a second of a flesh and in the meantime, there's nobody who gives a crap about that. Nobody except Michael Powell and a bunch of other crazy people on the FCC. And Joyce, that's another thing that I don't rejoice about too much. As a fact that we, we have to take an extra pound of flesh out of all of our ass because Joyce is so whatever the FCC is wherever they are in terms of restriction, she's like a thousand light years beyond them in terms of not letting us do anything. Right? There's no question. Absolutely. Oh, you can't play those cards, man. It's not a matter of time. We can tell you in a promo you home all but we can't play it on the year. Oh, I see Joyce where's the ration of it. Oh, don't mess with us. We're corporate. We're corporate. Yes, see, I think that's one thing we're forgetting. Why is anything going to change? Same thing going to change? No. I mean, the fact that Clarence is still trying to stick the beast of both of our ass. I mean, I don't, I just am not so confident that anything's going to change with these people. It is that we've used to get it. WCQA and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you remember the the chief sandwich with the vision of the virtue. Absolutely. Absolutely. You bet. Last night I took the most pleasant dump. Okay, Ram, happy to hear it. I've made it look like Maddie Bell. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 and a Verizon and singular wireless line. There's a guy that's got Jesus in his bowl or maybe Joe Cephas. WQA and hello. QA and. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. I've been working here for about 25 years. I think the thing is, I'm about two months ago I watched a godfather or good balance on you with day. Still a great show. I still watched it. But it loses the effect without something of a whole thing. You know what I'm saying? I think that's like your show. If you couldn't, you know, be more free to say what you want when you want to say it. Yeah. I think the show would be even better. Well, there's no question about that. And we've had to give back, you know, a huge chunk of wood and stuff we can play on here anymore. Much less say almost anything. That's true. I think that you have to say the F word, 9152,000 times. Well, you can't tell me. It's totally fancy a big idea. Exactly. Anyway, I have to. Okay, pal. I have a great time. Okay. That's enough. That's enough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, we're waiting with Bay that breath on somebody side. These 12 plus numbers are the one. They're in sound. They're in sound too thrilling. When you tell the other word. Oh, you got them? Are they any good? I didn't look. I just took them away. The facts were cheap. We know I didn't even look and see what they were. Oh, this is a fact. Oh, I just can't make any good. Why am I texting these? They're what? Persons 18 to 34. I just pulled them back out of there. Howard had Janko. Look what you've got. You've got to go to the mattresses on this. When it's your shot, imagine the nation of what does it say? I don't know. A nation of line 9's. Fire norm. It's not personal. It's business. Thanks to AWS. I say only happy holidays because it takes the Christ out of Christmas. That's right. We don't have to get too specific. Okay. I mean, if you're talking like two religious people to each other, well, married Christmas, you know, or whatever. But when you're talking to people that you don't know what they're like, believe or not, have a little bit of respect, okay? A little bit of respect. A little bit of respect. Is that possible? Oh, crazy boy. I'm out there. I was turned show. Meal Rogers. Mortings and we did. Oh, I was around the clock. The clock. The clock. The clock. The clock. We are. Hill. God. I'm going to call the memory. And every day you gave to us. The little day is so old that I didn't use to go and gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day it is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day it is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day it is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day it is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? And every day and every day it is so old that I don't use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old that I did not use to gather like this, right? And every day is so old, right? And every day it is so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? Yeah. And every day it's so old that I didn't use to gather like this, right? Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas. Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming the town with a swayload of songs like this. Let's take a quick look at the songs we've been playing on the TV. It's Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas and you'll want to feed him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the little drummer. Who can make so many better of a drum or a drum and a new boy can't deceive him. Gordon Lightfoot has compiled a holiday music collection. You'll wish with synced to the bottom of Lake Superior. Dad, the home with a drum or a new car. Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Lightfoot's Christmas. What is it pretty depressing? I'll tell you what I'd say to the writers the trailer for Angela Gotha Diaries again in November. I didn't even get that part. Have a good look at it. Oh yeah, I OD through the roof again here. Number one in midday, number one in man 18 plus, number one in the afternoon. Huge. I mean, wait, I love that. So it's September. They got two thirds. They'll open up on the whole book. They got two thirds of what this is here. Wrapped up. That is just a man. The morning is a little, I don't know, this is pointing to me. It's creeping up. It's just creeping up. Now it's moving in the right direction. But it's a little bit disappointing. Of course, if you take some temper out of the mixed areas, we'd be okay. But it's not like the phenomenon number I'm taking is supposed to be there with all the big height, the hoopla, all the history. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I mean, we actually went up from a six to the six four, but we dropped from a second to third. Okay, two to hell is number two in the day and man. This is an 18 plus though, not 2554. CMQ FM. Oh, I see. So we had heavy your people again from a five eight up to a six eight. No speaking in glass. I key, which also always seems to go right in line with a right wing, a friend you know what I would think. Quintedance. So there you go. Let's see. Many team plus overall in station is number five. Just from 14th to 6 to 5th. That 14th thing was that September business man. What a hurricane. From a three four to a four four four to a four six. But number five and many team plus into exciting to me. Mornings. WSTJs number one in man. WSTJ have no idea what that is. Obviously, no speaking in glass. Oh, you could have a word. Hot. Another ethnic six point four is number two. Weky. A radio mum bee number three. All the ethics all the time. Wioding number four in the morning from a four six up to a four seven in the strength and then WQM three two to a four out of a four five. Number five in man. That's, I don't know. That's just, it doesn't, it doesn't know anything for me. Look here. I mean, let you live. It leaves me limp like a white noodle. Does it do anything for you? Yeah. What about the afternoon? Let's see. I'm going to go to a four seven out of a four four from a time for second in the last trend down to fourth. Of course, this keep in mind has got that September we might as well have had the transmitter shut off. And based on what I'm hearing about the signal right now, we might as well have a shut off. Let me get my down to it. These are not the kind of numbers one would expect from a highly touted morning show. You know what I'm saying? Fact quite frankly since he's been on the air here. He threw in at one big month in October. And we had a huge month there in October. And after that other than that, it's all pretty, maybe you'll hear when you agree with that. I think you'd be forced to agree with that. Yeah, that's it. Let's see. What about tonight? Well, there's no story tonight. We have nothing on it. We have no hockey games, which is probably a bonus because nobody listens to those. I would be at that three point two. That's the heat and your buddy. Okay. Anything else? Q. I'm two nine out of two six. This was not all that throwing when you came right down to what it was. Maybe you'll hear I guess. We're holding our own. And then we'll see what happens when September drops off. So our fate was hanging there in December. That's the whole thing month of December, which is already of course over with. And then we'll have that tour day in the next month. So now we sit and we wait and we wait and they calculate and palpitate and agitate. And you know, the take of a good at WSDGA. I mean, this is what happens when you deal with this heavily ethnic market. And you get this, you know, and again with the political season going on. October September October November. There was heavy in the election thing. Obviously the right wingers got the diaries because in the mid day, WID went from a five nine and up to a six six and then September October November. A seven point nine share, which you know most of that is rush. Yeah. CMQ FM up to a six point. And now what is their story? What do they play? Is that the one it's got the funny guy on or whatever? Why don't we go find a Cuban subordinate? No. Q I am four nine six two and like I said, we want to have to have two six four. Let's still drop from second to third. You turn. Yeah. But audio mom B, hot 105. Kiss. They're kissing it. What about a lot. We don't have the right to demo. So that's it. I don't want to dwell on those because they're kind of depressing. Here's the fact that says, hey, Neil, happy poor. I love the spelling on it. As an analyst or Howard and you, the reasons why we'll not get serious for the Howard to or these and why is I get order the deception and the lies he's telling his audience is too much. One, they're raising monthly subscription prices. How high at least 15 to 19 dollars a month. You're only work four days a week. He will run commercial spots like he does now just like HBO is he says. Right. What a joke in the serious technology is a generation behind XM and XM has walked man's type units now. And one more thing, the people wearing those sticky filthy yellow bracelets we get it. And all you, uh, bulls with these support our troops, stickers on your cars and listen fight if you believe in this F4 have a nice day. Very well somebody to hit a little bit when and out he's letting it out. That's pretty depressing and demoralizing to me. Looking at those numbers there. After they give us the big booster and October. Oh, look, everybody's happy now. One big month, one month didn't make like a, uh, just like a ball game last night. You know, hey, Tommy, you and your buddies there. You got to play all 60 minutes. Not like 58 minutes don't get the job then. I played about a 50, about a 56 or 57 minute game to pay for this last night. The game goes 60 minutes. Right. And the same with this. The rating periods extend three months. They're always rolling like CCR rolling rolling. Rolling. Yeah. Rolling like your arts. Right. Like you roll in a big fat one in the Harold September October November. And so once we drop off this September, I don't know. Maybe maybe they got the extra affiliations for the individual month or Men. Some of the maybe month, maybe your friend clearance there, your boyfriend. Maybe beast a bottle in with me. And never know. In fact, maybe the clearance will turn into the beast. Maybe that's what I love the more joined to the hip than the arbiter. You know what I mean? Or maybe clearance will all of a sudden puff up and look like the beast. Like somebody stuck a bicycle pump into his back home. You know, I'm talking about he's junior. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You know, I'm really depressed. This audience has brought me down to a level of near suicide. And now after these. I mean, enough that they're banned, we actually went out right. But how can you go up and go down at the same time? Somebody else went at more. Oh yeah, they went through the roof. So obviously out of those three months, two of them were like right wing bush people. We can only hope that some people to the left of it till a long got a few diaries and he's never otherwise rescrude. That too. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. What's up man? How are you doing, pal? Hey, I don't think the often fans, of course. Well, congratulations, man. They played a great game last night. We had a lot of starters out to you, but whatever. I know you guys are still a tall. Also the favorites, like on the second year, that's why Troy Brown was there trying to cover on it, winning touchdown. I was kidding. That was pretty funny. That was pathetic. You turned it along way, twisted inside and out. He was lost, you know. Yeah, I know. But anyway, I know you guys still got a good shot to go on all that. But I think Pittsburgh might take a serious, but you know. I'm be honest with it, they're going to have to show me something against the Jets next week, because the way they played the last couple of weeks against the Bengals and in the game last night, they're going to have to like that defense is going to show you a lot of the way. Well, one thing I wanted to say is I know Bill, Chuck, a genius and all, but I think he's getting a little bit too fancy, schmante there with that one set up with no down defensive line. Yeah. And I think he's just a little bit too, his head's getting a little bit too big if you know what I mean. Yeah, and they've made a lot of mistakes that are indicative of not the, I mean, I know he's great, but some of the coaching, for example, when they did that three weeks in a row, they're a Corey Dylan last week went out of bounds and didn't stop for clocking in last night on the punk return. They ran out of bounds. Yeah, and he ran out of bounds. He ran out of bounds. Right. I wish I would give him a two-man, I don't think he would. A lot of high school level, he should know that, but you know, nobody's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. But you guys still got to get team whatever, and I know it's a fun game, but at least we have something to cheer for a minute. Yeah, it was a signing. It was exciting. It was exciting game. All right. I'm sure it looked great on your TV too. Beautiful man. I was pan-timey on the end of back. You go, boy, but he kind of fell apart the end. All great. They found a happy holiday. See, I'm back to you. You go and he sure did even went down. Don't throw the ball. Oh, geez. Tommy, the guy's got that bright orange jersey on. Oh, so see that? Maybe he's colorblind. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 4. I was thinking like four picks in one of these. That's not good. No, John. Oh, and now you're laughing about it, huh? Let me risk you again. Who would you rather have as you're starting quarterback at your head? You know, if you're franchise, would you rather have Tom Brady or Adriate touchy feeling with his nose pointing toward the west? Come back. You're getting defensive again. Not, not at all defensive. I'm very offensive, man, because it's so obvious. And you guys make some couple of mistakes. There has one bad game. I think I look at that one. I think he's got. I know it's funny. I meant to tell you, when I was sitting in traffic, I was listening actually to the pregame. You know, they actually have a segment that they, they, they, like, they interview Tom Brady and they say, they're like, oh, Neil Rogers favorite quarterback. Here's Tom Brady in the same way. What? Yeah. Who was saying that? It's like those voice, you know, those program voices they have. But it's like before they throw the interview on Tom Brady. It's like, oh, here's Neil Rogers favorite player. Tom Brady. Well, that's true. Well, that was kind of weird though, you know, they just threw it in there at a nowhere. It sounds a little gay to me. When you come right down to me, doesn't it? I thought this was like a macho sport. Maybe they're starting to begin to understand what a, what a sporting event is where a guy squats down and all fours and other guy puts his hands under his ass and starts squeezing the ball. Maybe they're starting to figure out what that means. I am proud of you. I am proud, you know, Russian lateness. And I like scrubbing my smeligery, the house with soap made from jewels. And listening to the new role. Okay, I'm going to use the hour. Hey guys. What the hell? He's really rocking. He's rocking chair, and out he's aggro. And most millions of them can be the rung. So why should anyone care for a patty stroke? I'm a curler. I'm a bright guy. We've got a shiny teeth with a yellow light. The garment teeth and then go buck. We said a patty for you before a patty stroke. These yellow teeth, they die from a brainy old patty stroke. These wadly eyes will immerse their blood out. We must have to pick the check-up for inner patty stroke. And the white shine just like a real one. They may be dying. But he will never leave. And all the eyes of you like a razor leaf. And then provide him. We just for new years he used to be our patty stroke. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And you know, he might just go touch his bones. And he might just go touch his bones. Probably want happy to do it too. We're going to be numbers again. Let's see. Let's see. See, we can. Is that the... there's not too exciting. Now if we had the mumpies of scrap weight, did we got them there? No, no, no. Why not? I'm sure they're working on them right now. They're working on how long could that possibly take you. How long you could do that? You could do it in your head in 30 seconds. Fuck me. I mean, you could. I would need a calculator. I could do it in 15 seconds. I would need a calculator. No, I don't need to a cat calculator. A calculator. No. Yeah, a calculator. Okay. I think we're putting some caca now. If you ask me from what I'm hearing on these bones. Oh, no. I think they got a point. In fact, the one thing that would discourage me, forget about serious, forget about I've said forget about any of these things. All this pie and the sky talk, syndication. The one thing that would discourage me from really putting a pen to paper. I'm that whole deal. Is the program director. I don't like his attitude. Yeah. You know what I mean? What do you mean? I've no problem with the operations manager. And at this point, the general manager hadn't seen him in so long. I don't remember what he looks like. But the program director, I think he as far as I'm concerned. He could be the trigger in the wood pile. He started to bug me. Because he's supposed to be on our side. Remember we had this at IOD the same thing? Who with which one? No, I'm not talking about that. But I used to say the talent needs somebody to go to bad for them. The talent needs an advocate to like be on their side. Even though the, you know, these these people would titles. Of course they have to sue the over management, which in our cases, if a full-time job. And you see what a program coming from with us. And I'm starting to feel there's like this adversarial, this highly irritating, huh? You're starting to feel it. Well, I mean, I'm not starting, but it's becoming intolerable now to the poor. We're not even like communicating with that one. Because he just refuses to get it. That people basically want to be treated like human beings. It's very simple. Very simple. Not complicated. Somebody is a good job for a fine. Pat him on head. Hey, come back tomorrow and do it again. And have a nice day. That's it. But that doesn't seem to be within the capacity, certain people who are becoming like, just like Michael and the guy thought that's a very good analogy, you know, when he was like, like, holding that cigarette lighter and he realizes he, he realized he was starting to get to be another tough guy, you know? And then when they had the McCloskey team and he had to hold them up and smash them and broke his jaw. And that kind of tough it him up some even more. So he turned out for me to really good guy like they're one, the one decent, honest, reasonable person in the family. They're like just another gangster, yeah. Another gangster. Another part of the mafia. Another person above you. No, and I'm starting to see I see the same thing going on there. Anyway, here's Brad says the XM factor is incorrect. He is absolutely incorrect, sir. Sirius product is much better. See, we're getting loaded with, see, a few people at Sirius want the new Roger Shaw. He had it to say, well, here's a proposal. Here's something, Mel. What was the other guy's name, Jay? Who? Did the guy that called? Oh, I don't know. That forgot. I don't hear anything from them. And so all of a sudden that they had a no or just starting to go, they're just starting with a show with a very first call. This guy looks like an inside the old two here. It says Sirius product is much better. They have walkman portable. Sirius has three satellites for better coverage XM has two. They've stated, Sirius, that they did not intend to increase subscriber fees. In fact, Mel has stated, is there an lower than their trackness subscribers? Mel has stated. Mel, like it's Brad's good post personal buddy, Mel has said. See what I'm saying? Yep. I think we're getting a bomb crush. You're like, we got the old squeeze on. You know, I feel like he made the squeeze here. Like I like how Puss pimple you. Talk about it. Just like that like a zip. This whole deal going on. Oh, here's these who gave you these. Oh, stop. See now we're talking about a good guy. There's one guy we can always count on. Kind of like a emotional cripple but a good guy means well. See, there's a difference between means well and means like, I don't know. The other one. I mean, if you could separate, if you could cut, it's like the sign means 20. If we get that operation there, like separate, Clarence and the beast at the hip. You know, on St. E. Trial Fine, it's on the way. That would help. Oh, see, look at that. I told you to remember was not a lot good. No. Six A and we had that big month in October. You take that out and we're like, there's no story there, man. No story. Morning. There was St. E. Trial Fine. Look at this. August, 3-1 and men. September 2-3. Now that we all got, do we just, do we just, do we know Diaries return? Because of three hurricanes. It was, it was a throw. They should have, they should have canceled that month in the Miami market. We're going to think in all of Florida. They should have. October 6, 6, 6 in the morning. Big number there for Howard. November 4, 6. And again, all right, we're going to go through Diaries again. So we get screwed. Then in midday, now look at that. Midday. Mm-hmm. You looking at that? I'm looking at it now. Let's pretty decent to me. Quite, say, 6-4 and August. 3-1 and September 1-1. Holestation got buried. Because we like to say 2 Diaries. 9-2 and October and a 7-4-0 November. That looks pretty decent to me. A 7-point. Oh, men. Which means in 25-54. We've got to be like an 8-1-9. Right. And then of course, any afternoon's like that. So great. 3-7, 6-3-0-3-7. In November. Is that a 6-4-5? I can't read that. In October. 5-3. And October 7. I'm sorry. I can't really read it. And then at night, look at night time, man. We are doing it. They're talking about the tank god, the panches aren't playing. Holy, moly. And October, we had a 3-2-0-0-9 in men. And in November, we got a... Oh, oh! 0.5. Holy, moly. Let's work back at these many team posts. I'm going to slow up, though. Because we got a lot of time to kill anyway. We got like a 4-hour, almost 4-hour, 3-40. 3-40, day for those you keep it tracked. Right on your sleeve. 3 hours, 40 minutes. 3-40. Okay. What is it? I'm looking, though. I want to see the...what's the other sports station? Waxy? They still haven't changed the colors. Is it still...they're still waxing enthusiastic? Okay. One thing. Er...is scare America into too much. A little bit. One, one, one, three, one, eight. They're creeping along. And of course, that was during the political month. Come to November, month comes in after the election. They're going to fall off the face of the earth. We're going to... Mr. Eagle head. I don't know what he had. That's the overall station here, point. I don't...I don't...there's Waxy. One, one, two, one, three in man overall. I wonder about in the morning. I'm pretty bummed out about, steering getting only a 4-5 there in men, 18-plus, aren't you? That's not good. We needed more for him. Well, we needed more for him. We needed more diaries getting some people left to the left of Hitler for crying our lines. That, of all these right-wingers and Julio's getting the diaries. Same difference, I guess. Well, you know, the billboards are just... You know, they have a 10-chant. The billboards. They haven't had a chance to take effect yet. Well, of course, keep in mind November, like ends like in mid-November, like about the 18-for-20. Is something like that? The billboards to take effect. What is that? Oh, look at that. Waxy's making a move, man. Point nine in the summer. One point eight in the next trend. And then a 2.4 here. From 25th, all the way up to number 17. All out. They're making a movement, man. You can smell it all the way up here. There's a movement going on. A little increased there for our mascara, American. Not too exciting. How about in the mid day now? I'll deal with that 7.0. Right, man? How are you going to overcome that? They must add a huge September. They must add a, like an 88-share in September. That's going to disappear when it becomes the fall book of November, December, and September, FLOP's off either the world. It disappears. Like having your tail fall off, you know? Right? Yeah. Talk being a dinosaur in your whole tail falls off. And whom are I looking for? We got a 6-4. We did pretty good with a 7-O, and what's wrong with that? Is that chop lever? What a absurd haven't here? What a stern half. The high-powered one. power to one that we have to make way every day of ten o'clock to let the king of the universe on a stinking for six what's the big semis with that huh and he was going to get uh... carry in the white house and get bush to defeat in the audience and get some lesbian's in her to keep an entertain I don't see it man I don't see it how he four point six I didn't even mokin a dad that he has done that that's what I'm saying that's what I'm saying maybe we got the wrong how it on the truth it's a but I'll be on to the for you can probably agree with me on that probably not much else for the real time now I'll get what copy of the numbers and get going ahead to tell the globe this is all I did pretty good to it and I have to laugh at me it all at this and the board on that's bad you are so full of crap man was all the comedy everyone I will say this I will say this you would all the hostility you know in fact that may for great radio and a lot of a setting drama back in fourth and yeah and once that left we had a show that's coming in from uh... syndicated from the work that has nothing to do with us that none of us ever get promoted on or talked about it it's you know where it it's a it's a show in a vacuum and not to take any credit away from stern who's got even after getting the uh... accolades for me he's got this great track record and all these major markets but to fact that a matter is now let me just take a look also in a more in their cf uh... the by showed up again that would be bad members of the school brought in guiding light they didn't kill fill up by the way let's see his daughter with the affony knows killed uh... and i will see the bus they did you show that one month before we had started on the biggest vanished they disappeared in our book they vanished in the thin air so i'm thinking it's more byproduct of the people of got the diaries again dammit then anything else but if that's the case how did we do a seven uh... just like that uh... uh... uh... and so that mister huh with uh... the great help from the staff of how do we do it uh... and i see that you go again getting sorry going to get current to turn on you again just when he was there were a little bit just when they started like cozy up to you little anyway i i just this this whole day today i wish i would tell you hey i'm getting on a plane at noon today and you got to show today but that's probably press name about this whole turn of her and still you have a lot to mall on the flight now i'm not i'm not gonna get like bogged on it whole uh... q a m and it as far as i'm concerned i'm sending the deal okay if they want to like the back out as well we don't like the tone of the show get it when you know a two-friking bad okay tone this go tone your muscle get out of my face make up your mind either shmit or get off the pot that's my message okay do it just do it though it i don't i'm checking my emails i don't see any email from norma can see no the serious people call the watch you to consider i don't sign anything a right i don't see the making any overchairs of my direction i don't see them like a getting serious that's why they spell that way they can even spell it right what was the most important story of two thousand four for you three hundred and nine folks thirteen hundred plus dead u s soldiers in a rack ninety eight of course we haven't even counted the number in mozodec and we don't want money there are dead included on the number of americans it says that right now they're on certainly not news network for sure when to be elected to seventy six for her cames in florida fifty five the erodious signs to your sense of a q m maybe forty two red sauce when the world serious fourteen howard sperm signs with serious fort eleven look at how it's term what is that dolphin season it is zester eight game heriad one ragan dies one janitashin booby flap that's a lament a uno cocky lockout one and the Scott Peterson trials got one let's have a panel to talk about when we come back loosen boy the wear of exploding ball I'm trying to find my city path on your path I'll go to the same and other side of the path You should be on the side of the path I feel you find it, I'll try to keep you with me I'll try to keep you with me Jesus, we shall all go, I'll stay with you with you Jesus, we shall all go, I'll try to keep you with me And your life shall go, I'll make you, see you again Little by little, so it won't take you there cuts away Don't let go of my heart Bring a  luckily We've been so surried Come on, let you go away Break away, hold it in serene Bring your knee once End your life Watch the way you asked for me Answer me Even though the d discord My heart throughout me Please let me go Mainly our shell I'm gonna tell you something when you come right down to what's the other great talent they have on infinity what what's the they got I miss on the fan okay right who is a great talent like 30 years ago Better the live radio show every morning on TV well just about anything But that hasn't stopped him as NBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy Who now looks like a nasty old ring listen for a name. I'm a cell and it turned us coffee Yes, every morning see I miss listen to a tape above their people's calendar. This live on the air I did I have it a bite into those month and also I have a fresh one play See his why he'll be behind the scenes at it I'm a year-old. Oh, I'm a cook cook at you and I definitely some fresh coffee in your fire He's irreverent so what's the deal to call? He's top of the what's the deal with his water game? He's in coherent. I'll tell you why that's Well, that's He's I've been standing story and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations Nobody listens to them. I'm not so many got some fresh jingles. It's I'm 19 at five 60 WKOM. I just I don't get it. Where's the beef man? Where's the big meat Howard? I thought we were gonna like go scour lock any when we saw those October numbers right? I thought we were on a way that was the trend and instead we have to sit here Pean and our pants shaking our boots every day waiting finally for his majesty to clear the way so we can come on here See that's another thing he's in charge stern as in charge of those three serious stations We're they're gonna put to the you know they're gonna fill up board They're gonna get the talent from they got Lin Samuel's on from one to three every day, okay? Lin Samuel there's two oh Please cracker please But nevertheless the beat goes on Back up to you what I think I think what I'm gonna do is I'll play their game. I'll sound like I'll sign three different contracts with three different And these I was at Yeah, they're famous for doing that Here's a facts from Rick who says just go with a high-spitter that is not QA and Norma is a lazy bum You should have been syndicated a long time ago. You still could be a fintender if you do some of QM put a name no firing clause for George I mean, you know you're you're the meeting between Norma Kent and our general man where Greg we was last Friday And the day before was the day that not lied the week before but we could go Friday and the day before that was the day They dragged you in their twice to what a big son and answer about nothing with that inquisition That's that's always a real good tactic that maybe we're gonna meet to renew your top talent It's just only you should have the part of firema not QA and we want the fart sounds back Your transmitter is effing up again tell mighty ball and Norma to go pee on it at least if he didn't something useful Chances Rick there's Rick let's make him the program director at least he knows what's going on He knows where the bodies are buried he knows who's the real pee in the in the wood pile Man I'm gonna change the pool but I'm not gonna do that. I'm not gonna be influenced by the audience Okay, I have to decide what's right and what I said before what makes us think that these people are gonna change That's gonna have any more rock monus is never the Chinese call it any more rock monus for those of us on here who bring in the cash Right nothing nothing has changed. I don't even see clearance coming in there like you know You're giving you a kiss give me a Christmas present. He did what he give you a guess certificate clearance gave you that yeah Weekst change gets over here. Yeah I hear telling you he gave you a gift to a different for what Barnes and Noble that he bought I would assume with his own cash that what do you've written him out about? Maybe he's not so bad after all. I don't bitch amount. I like him Oh god I saw that movie gaslight I saw Yeah, I'm sorry about that What I hear he looked on the hates me. Oh he actually likes you What he says not what he told me. No, he doesn't I never said anything new I probably shouldn't be saying that on the air, but yeah, what if I say likes well, maybe there's some maybe if the beast like You know turns the other cheek so to speak now the beast has got that lovely girl I'm never gonna like me that much. I mean come on you never know there's like and then there's all I hear Parents has got a really high girlfriend now too is what I'm hearing yeah, you meter if you go to that Christmas party You could probably meter I guess I won't then be made you said you were gonna go and I'm not well why not you and this is the first time This is I've known you you worked on the show how many years 14 years 14 years 14 years this man is worked on this show And this is the first time and my recollections ever said I'm not going to Christmas party It's the first time that I've ever not gone into a Christmas party And so I just said party animal and confirming guy likes they likes to free food not so much of a company likes to free food in the booth Right, but this year not going because I guess there's some hard feelings there Now he ought to come in there right now clear us and give you like a big hug and a kiss Then I would feel better before I go on vacation for like eight or nine days I feel better about the way things were going I might be more inclined to sign that deal See the Think about the audience they don't understand two things say they really don't since the show is as degenerated in fact not degenerates So I'm right from the beginning from the time I said down here out of nowhere They don't understand I want to money. Okay. I'm not I'm not looking to be a superstar I give that up a long time ago and I realized my agent was a silly person. Okay. I mean That's it. I'm not looking to be a super. They're sure before this election I think I could have made a difference. I know that sounds egotistical and the arrogance I could have made a difference of the people not only here in the show We're to see the stories we have on there some of those people can have them right to them in the red states You know somebody could read the net stuff and maybe that might have made somewhere maybe. Oh, hi Oh, maybe just one state that might have turned this thing around you know All I know is the places where they show was heard carry one big huge in a place where they show was heard Not that they're not heavily democratic usually anyway, but he did pretty damn well right yes He don't play me don't play us we did our part and some of the other us eomaniax out there Talking to big trash. Oh, we're gonna get pushed to feed it and then the people who listen to them are for the most part not political They don't they don't even vote all they're looking for is a lesbian dilidate. Okay, with all the respect to Howard All I want to do is make fun of cripples in the watch dikes or you know He mode about dikes fantasize sit there with their hand on the shift on a gear shift and their truck 50 to what are I just get through Sam? I don't know but the next one I'm trying to convey is that you know I'm not gonna do what the audience tells me to do where all these people trying to suck around and puff up my ego Like I said I don't have an ego and number two I like the money coming and that's it simple And as for the rest of it if they want to screw us over and treat like crap Then I'll just tell them to wipe their ass with the deal. That's all they they ought to start having a little bit different attitude about the people that put the money on the bank And bring in these numbers. I'm looking at that seminar I thought maybe we had a mediocre month. We did just fine. It's bad the fact about when you're zir got a lot of diaries We did good we've gone wrong when you're looking at a four six and a four four and a half noon And we got a seven I think we're still like a king of the hell top of the road Tell whatever it is what's that song? What are those stupid SNH? I'm not kidding the road by Roger Miller. What ever happened to Roger? Melocie did he must be good I hear Roger look it up Josh do something besides glow to about that stupid game and sit in your finger Now we get in his I'm a little concerned about that website because I do take pride in the website I keep getting this a cell guy visiting him today good work, man See we're trying for your folks. We're trying our damnedest and it's fight of an I take back a lot of what you said about clearance See now that I know that all those terrible things you said about I I know any problem with him. I always said it was on our side I thought he was like going to bed like today the day he came in and said what could we do to make you happy and I should do them die I didn't see Take Maddie Bell over the edge of a cliff. That would that would make a lot of his very happy and that'd be great and take back for with you too While you're at it. Can't you just hear that on the way down the cliff? Let's do it's a ring in the New Year Rogers is my lover Yes, it's the doctor and when I want to pass break from the usual breakfast routine There's only one place for me Sam Duncan don't know Check out the old car man Bigger girl Dawkins check the Sunday donuts We'll salmon and finger rolls and even Moses mulled one handed jam field don't know Give me a cup of it no one One A lot to one To make your best move to slam duck in donut. We stop our food in your faith About 30 or five sixy happy holidays from our your good close personal buddies if the QAM from all your palies Pools is rummisfile losing public support about time 52% of respondents to a new pool thing to venture criteria down the rumprulture design and I saw the Sunson said it a pool With like 72% said resign. That's all us left coast comedy pink olibbles and grower and Recent criticism in Congress over his hammering of the war in Iraq all these dead people over there all this chaos and bloodshed and slower all this needless madness all these soldiers over there We don't have the The proper materials to defend themselves Come be my ass How do you do that? 36% of respondents to the CNN USA that they gallop pool said rum spell should not step down and the remainder had to opinion They said who that who's that Nazi the margin of error for the question for an half percent of the other The defense secretary was recently tried to pretend he was soldiers headed for Iraq You have to go to war with the army you have not the army you want with the oh God and Edition rums fells wartime performance to been criticized by many democratic and summer public and lawmakers including pompom trolling Senator Trent lot of Mississippi and Puffy faced John McKinney, Arizona Puffy and other pdd changes name to pdd And I would never puffy McCain in a Arizona right sure so please despite despite the criticism present a more strong Recommands for to his family. Yeah, we know that as for bush 49% of respondents that they approved of the job he's doing which is down six percent from November when it a 55% approval rating drop six points And of course the very naive American public and this being a gallop pool. You know it's Sq to the right although some groups have questioned the validity of voting in all the high on other states Large majority 77% of correspondence indicated they thought the overall presidential election was fair 19% said they thought instance of fraud a did bush's reelection The poll suggested in most Americans think the U.S. will have to maintain a true president of Iraq after the elections there January 30 how they're gonna have elections? I mean are these people crazy or love you don't have elections? Man you have any ID how many people are gonna die and just couple of days before that and I'm not paying the days It's gonna be a blood bath man blood bath For what so that we can enforce we can put a former government on them that they don't want Right, they can pose it. We're gonna force democracy and how about since we're imposing democracy? What about Pakistan what about Saudi Arabia? What about Egypt? What about Syria? What about Lebanon? Huh, Kuwait all our other good. Yeah Kuwait. Oh, yeah That was on at CBC show. I was telling you about they showed that the the Pentagon created a phony map for the for the Saudis Showing Iraq had all these tanks on the border and that they were on the verge of invading when they got them with Kuwait And the Kuwaiti a Saudi border and guess what the Russians had they had aerial photos satellite photos of the same area And there was nothing there but sand nothing So Gulf War one was also based on lies. We had the Saudis peeing in their pants convinced that Saddam was going into Iraq after he finished off with Kuwait If we didn't go in there it would look very Kuwait for the oilbearance While they were busy by the way the oilbearance of Kuwait parting up on a French Riviera at the discos slurton coke That's why your kids are dying for your government that lies a lot, okay? Am I starting with this crap again? I don't know forgot five six seventy two five six seven O five sixty pound five sixty under Verizon singular wireless lines It's gonna minion calls in here between now and two o'clock. We got more Howard David it Do it or do it or do it or do it look a little bit better in hindsight now, you know his hind is That's good. We're looking a little bit better now. I'll forgive him and I'll What is here a lot of that huh? We got a lot of a theory you damn right that's what he always said and he was right We can't disagree with that I mean, that was some wild time I stand in front of you now yeah two years later, right it took me a little while I was slow learner But Neil I apologize. It's way deal you are the truth see and I even if they go there He can't keep his mouth shut there. He has to ruin that that's such a great drop I mean, you know it's way deal. You're a silly person Orlando God and they're worried about you being on the year They got that fruit cake on here without her they couldn't man W2AM hello That was that was the big go on live. I know it he was gonna say rock solid W2AM Hello, I don't know yes, sir Merry Merry Christmas or happy holiday Merry you your man happy new year Exaggering love the show back then love the show now love George So whatever complaining, you know what you know what to do with on top right here's a happy guy We're glad to hear from you probably have a lot of No sense listen love the show since back in 1882 love the show They like the person and also and also George keep it up man. You're doing a pretty good job And only Okay, all right. I still make all me go all right. Take it out here for put your back in a banana boat There's a good guy. How do you like that? I like these happy we found a happy guy Only took his two hours in 17 minutes We found a happy guy. They were bringing me down man. They're gonna be all depressed Just when I was feeling pretty good about life. You know a son in this new deal like I've dropped security money is coming in So I work for a bunch of trucks. That's the nature of the business. Okay. Was it better at IOD? Well, you know they stand us in a back to sold a station out from underneath this right? Mm-hmm and told us what a bunch of crap we all were and it couldn't make any money And maybe we'd have better luck with Bud Packs and never that yeah rubbing our noses in his crucifix In the ashes, right? What a phony he was to what a phony piece of crap with his former cheerleading wife watch out for guys man That have cheerleading wives And never we need to talk about that before but as so many guys with Cheerleading wives I love this show. Yeah, I know I thought his wife was a dancer Oh, whatever dancer new dancer Yeah, I thought he too. I'm a stripper nice a cheerleader. Yeah, I had a lot of my mind sorry. Sorry stripper wives. That's what I'm talking about He's our Christian for Christ's safe See you you get me you people are gonna be like all off on a wrong tangent here Alex get them cloudy again before the sun was shining there was a little bit of hope now it's cloudy and murky looks like the world's coming to win in W to Q a and hello How are you doing okay, sir? I didn't hit me on the bottom sure Well, what what what what should be this is Virginia keep out away? Let's go to Virginia key. How you doing pal? Very good very good Santa and Satan are only one just let's make letters flip away that is absolutely correct There's another one of those to those people to worry about They could could be backward masking Christmas And nothing interesting a lot of people didn't know about the pre 911 Communications between the terrorists that people that were doing the troll here Is there actually using the weekly world news and the the other star and other magazines by American media They're using the personal ads in the back of these magazine right to medicate And it's funny because you never hear anything about that in the Paul in the media Now the only thing we heard about the tabloids in there after in Volco is when he hit a ham trash Yeah, exactly exactly You're anything about the side of the day learned that they were getting you know a number of subscribers in Iraq And for the weekly world news sure so And he can nothing surprises me any more and and you know I'm gonna go crazy too when you go off the air, but I know George you're gonna do a good job So you know, so no forget we got cast Steven's man. Hey, you don't help keep the world partly cloudy too. I'm sure You guys had a good day and back to you See we're getting some good people today. I don't know where the hell these people are not our lives Yeah, maybe they're off for the holidays or something again some really articulate and television colors today Mark had done with calendar 567.0560 pound five 60 under Verizon singular wireless lines. How's the pool come on? I don't care so he cool. Well, we have not had changed the pool But it but then I would allow myself to be influenced by I'm not gonna do it What are the what are these people about my life or your life or even their own life? Father what I'm saying nothing. Yeah, I mean they think they think they know something So Norm is weak okay, he's like a little league or I can't help that he he needs the cash He needs something he needs some ass systems for Christ's sake He's doing the best he can which ain't much You know, he probably sends emails to these people. I mean that's always his response while I email them Of course, you know what happens with emails don't you? Yeah, I didn't get like lost in the etheric as they say I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I don't know whatever where you even lines up with you See that I told him a few days ago emailing is not my idea of doing business if I want to like send you a note about some silly thing or goofy thing or whatever I'll send you an email but if I want to do like serious business that's meaning serious Significant yeah some serious business. I will never send an email the serious I'm serious Would you if you're like gonna do some like No, I'm kind of somebody Email seriously good god almighty hey Norma. I think it's time to get serious Rogers as exclusively on five six It's late at night your fastest leap and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home What's your protected Yes, it's the same brown home security alone The hardest working alarm in the safety business Design by the godfather of home protection himself The game's round-alarm protects you from burglars Big bando And if you act now willing glue to know extra cost the patented James Brown hot pants far along But the soul patrol on your key home With the James Brown home secure the system Oh So 44 we got more Howard David for demand dog a two will be gloating about last night's outstanding unbeatable Dalton victory and they did they played like it was they're super ball like I'm quite a for that You know Hey, dude, what it was they're super ball. Yeah. It was they're super ball and a one-and-they pulled it out even a j touchy feeling You see the thing if you're gonna keep blitz and a whole game and you can't get to the quarterback Then you're making a bad mistake. You just wasting your time and that's what they kept doing over and over and over again When you got fourth and ten the entire game hinges on that one play. Why can we agree on it? Yeah fourth and ten and you got tri brown Covernary one of the you know main receivers the primary receiver you're gonna lose the game You're gonna lose a even like inside out man. He was like twin like a noodle twisting in a win for a Troy Brown He's not a defensive back. He's doing his best to fill in there with the injuries, but he's uh, you know He's like not ready for prime time. Maybe beyond he's ready for prime time. Huh? He's like five eight Came up to the right perfect is where he came up to just team and throw it up. That's what AJ He noticed there at the end of the game. He finally we had to have one of those AJ injured moments together Oh, shakin just barely was able to have a lot of feel. Let's what I love about him the best besides his nose twisted off to the west Go west y'all man. That's where his nose is gone We got the hopper at four you got guilty at smoky bones and plantation in seven any K at ten with the over's numbers and the ins and the outs Boy, I'll point five and night. Oh my what is that? Maybe what we ought to do is like sign off. I'll be still pay any you know, I'm sure he's got a contract But sign off at seven o'clock Till six right okay Seven I'd tell you and we can save that juice and then we can crack up the transmit So people can actually hear us during the daytime when it really counts when we got some business on here Not a good idea And then anything like you to show on the internet or you can do it like at the seminal or some like that or at the Hollywood dog track or a pompot park right and right and alive the same number of people listening to them there that he's got a Point five now who the hell did we have on there from seven a ten? I'm not playing any because that is his he is really Rock solid oh speed of that. I know who we're blaming for the seven to ten problem Here's the poll so far Being a story of 2004 to you most important story 1300 plus dead US soldiers in Iraq more and Mozilla they we don't know how many hundred and 36 people said that Bush wins reelection 101. I was gonna put on her steals reelection, but that would have been bad even though true Kirby for hurricanes in Florida 75 Neo Rogers signs are might sign to your extension with QM 50 if these people don't talk amount of it by two o'clock Red size wind the world series 17 how are steering signs with series radio 14 dolphin season it is last or nine Janet Jackson's booby flag finally starting to move a little with three only three Which that was a very significant story not that it was such a big deal the incident and self-pathy The shock waves from that the excuse that that was just what they were looking for manly word police the Nazis the radio Fascist that was exactly what they were looking for was it into like oh my god now you've got over the top It's not a control we got to clamp down now and all these right wing glamothe these crazy people not to leave out Jewelie women there's another one Talky lock out tree and by the way don't hold your breath on that don't hold your breath Reagan dies to runny ray gun game marriage one and Scott Peters and trial one out of four hundred and twelve votes Let's get a bunch of calls in what do you say or not? But see I thought I was gonna do the same thing I did yesterday, but I first called thought Huh, that's what you thought well the first call truly off it kind of like I don't know It like sent me off in a different direction there was a planning set that love to well no It was a set up problem. No question about that was an inside set up deal and let me say it again If you're short-tight there would you hear me cool, and all the other people are serious Where's the beef where's the meat huh as Clara power would say where's the beef is they Thomas would say where's the freaking beef? Okay, where's the meat time to get serious and they didn't do it They didn't step up and come to the table and put some on the table. Okay. Well guess what see you that's a raspberry Joyce, you know, I think we need to get her in his deal too Get some get some exemptions with his fashions and we got from Joyce over there in Naples what's all the sheenial about it She's too busy having lunches with normal Kent Somebody QAM hello Yes, sir For 2004 that was a big event. All right, okay, let's get that on there Was huh, a momentous it was a momentous decay here right when mode dumped a muskrat that was and I take credit for that I am very Oh That's a no-mo muskrat In fact, maybe he'll sing the muskrat rambal or whistle it or whatever you do with it. What is the muskrat? I'm sure it's a song They are out of it. But he liked the sing it. Does it have lyrics? I don't know what I'm gonna tell you. Well he can do it. He can do it. You can do it. Jig the sap no He'll be dancing for joy. I have a big spelling from last night's miraculous dolphin victory Just let me very depressed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless lines I think they did that just just to get even with me here's line nine QAM hello Cram and teach you That was the least WKAM hello Yes, sir the reason Michael looks at the writer is because to toddler or whoever is after him They all keep the name on their lighter To keep a one their names the crew names they kept it on their lighter that's why he was staring at it What what did you get that from? It's in the book. Oh really. Oh, that's right right the book over a hundred years ago. Oh, okay. Well stop Stingon and you boys What a glacier cup you know who I am man. Do you know who I am? I'm more green. I made my phone when you were going on with cheerleaders Yeah, see he was doing two by the way Schmendrick yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon and singular wireless lines WQAM hello See it's good another way of his eighty-second delay Yeah, I'm trying to make you come back for the holidays. Is that is that pathetic or what I mean To fetically be an understanding of the century it's predictable and typical is it really? Oh, yeah, I thought it was waiting for you to come back to certain tomorrow WQAM hello QAM dolphin's hotline not there WQAM hello Hey, no, yes, sir. Yeah, in the Palm Beach post today there's an article about The noise on QAM the Spanish thing yep in the Palm Beach post I have my wife's act feed him work It's the sports guy talking about When the bus one one game was on all year was finishing the background and it's due to Castro Things that up over there right yeah I'll have a worry fact to read more. Okay. Thanks a lot, Belly What's the number? 305 okay six five oh six five oh one night me Thank you I like that there's something for you to talk about tomorrow even in Palm Beach today I told the signal really blow is when I'm especially up there I guess because You know on a queer day and you hear it forever, but not now and I'm almost since he cranked up at five seventy See that's the thing I don't understand our signal must be really bad because he's not even on five 60 the station is on five seventy and it got a cold in last week said how much am I watch you say Josh? 50,000 there was it was like something normal some on like hundred thousand lots like he did once before Because they probably don't can't afford the juice for that no, wasn't it like 35 yeah 35 thousand watts whatever that is So much a bizarre number to me, but not like all that high powered so for 35 thousand what piece of crap from Cuba On five seventy is like interviewing with us that but and there's something really wrong We need to get Bob for move of it. They're like drickin heavy duty heavy duty for move and peon all over that tower like non stop twenty four seven, right? Yeah You don't think some we need to go in there and pee on our tower so somebody can hear us these people are talking about me These syndicated are being on on Sirious we can't even hear it on Q.A.M. for Christ's sake And you know, there's nobody in that place that the discusses it that admits they just it's like right China They just refused to acknowledge his existence. I heard a rumor they were working on it How about the signal and and that place. I'm sure they're working on it make don't mistake about that feverishly WQA and hello They're like one man. I need to do some work on that and that's not us that's the phone company. You people are the phone companies suck WQA and hello. No, yes, sir. I got it just for a new fall. Yeah, and it's which local celebrities do you think will get busted next? Yeah, you know like for anything South for not a few marijuana possession anything And I'll have a question. I thought it's Josh You're probably a man. I believe that was the pivot man. WQA and hello. How do I do? WQA and hello Good good segue. QA and hello Are they going there? Okay, pali Uh, I'm about to name yesterday. I was watching the dolphin game in uh, I went outside and I put five six Yeah, so I can hear if I want to miss it. Yeah, I was in the place. I was seeing what's happening as well as watching what's happening Sorry, I was seeing the first time and then Yeah, you know I had been happy last weekend too. I was in here putting some stories on the website was on the internet and so I cranked up my TV and here in the studio and I was watching the dolphin game and I turned on our audio, you know from the Potsetson right in front of me here from my QAM and and I mowing the and the mad dog We're doing the game like 10 seconds ahead when I was seeing on TV That's exactly the part that I saw Okay, you too Well, what's that all about I thought that we were to one on the 85 minute delay and I guess direct TV must be on about a five-year delay now Wait till we get that undefeated dolphin's even on against gonna be fantastic Yeah, five six seven. Oh five sixy can you hear us? That's the question That's our poor question can anybody hear us man those 10 cans is that we're expensive now to another the beesies I'm making big cutbacks pound five sixty on a Verizon singular wireless lines WQAM hello QAM hello Neil. Yes. I got it's terrible in my ass. Yeah, great Sounds like it well everybody needs a boyfriend, you know, it how did you boy your that's out of my parents to me That's a little bit like parents. I don't want to mess up your you're you know you're reunion How about the morning over union we can't play that anymore either I guess that We can't play anything when you can write down to it. WQAM hello Speaking An easy a step in calling just to hear you up because I don't know anybody says to me it's fine And I just wanted to share about the dolphins They were quite big of and I think it got to Brady and you end Yeah, that color I don't know what color was coming up on your set but they will try to take care of these to me Yeah, I think that is working for them Nameless be willing. I think I think I was blinded by the blight. Yeah By the light pink I think Okay, sweetheart have a great holiday And get a new TV was orange a 1257 and 562 a M I Meal Rogers morning And Not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon I went to nine at once five he said serious here I don't want to let one I But it's got my butt Boy is in I have quite a lot For each For each But that's all I would be Was it was great without a while I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas Well, it's ok Oh, that's my part I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas I want to wish them a Merry Christmas Well, it's ok All of my life For each Police can't met us, they come to scared it all I got Police can't met us, police can't met us Police can't met us, they busted me in a parking lot I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas I wanna wish them a Merry Christmas I wanna smoke it all over my car Wow, so here's this story, we're talking about 80% of Because the right-hand column over this is like chopped off Right-hand edges like this So where this fact is, thanks so very much But we like to get to whole things sometimes It says you tune in your car, this is in the Palm Beach Post Heading out for money in our dolphins game Like last night, you dial up a pregame video Showing us how we're sifting us off of Cuba as jamming the broadcast It isn't necessarily a government plot But it's an irritant to international Relations as far as sports fans are concerned The source of the travel and by the way, guess who just called me In the middle of that break on the phone in my room Am I regular phone? That rich. No. Yeah, normal can No middle of my show. That's a bit important No it's not important, it was cool, it's cool This is just a stick and no one's not speaking It's what it is, okay it's life, it's life What? It's serious? Yeah. Oh, there is a station at the same frequency As WQAM and their powers increase it And I just have to make up the rest of this Because I know what his name is, George Corso I'm going to keep in Geneva QAM They're knowing the daylight side of us is his response What does that mean? They're annoying the daylight side of us QMS receive dozens of calls and emails Mostly from Palm Beach and Northern Countries QM signal is weekly, they're more vulnerable It's at night, signal of the Cuban station On the same 560 AM frequency That's how we were told As been measureably set something I came that can't read it Since October, the interference was no The Civil Beginning in the 2003 World Series That seemed to subside till it came back With the Vengeance region, right? QM is measured the problem report in the FCC The agency has no jurisdiction Oversation in Cuba We're telling people to write their congressman Corso said, a call to the Cuban intersection in Washington The equivalent of a Cuban embassy was not returned Monday I want to say it here Taking candy from AJ Feeley WQM pre-game host Kim Bo Camp For on a promotional giveaway of 51 River Snickers bars I think that's how many intersections it often Have had this season Come on Kim, but you want to be a family You're not going to fish, you're not going to your own team man You are bad, we're going to take your cow away Mr. Sunday that right now In fact, the dolphin organization Wayne is going to have a cow BC's you saying that I love to see a Kim Bo Camp Or B-Duff Wayne has ink in the press box Fife, we need to see that I'd pay to see that on paper review H-D-T-T-N-H-D Oh god, that would be great Box those zits fly in every direction 560, 560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines Ratings came out, we did well We did well, 10 to 3 The show that preceded us Did not do so great I don't know what the name of that show is But did not do Did not live up to its great expectations You know, when you agree Obviously not No, I mean I can see We went ahead like anything Let's see here's a fact that says Uncle Nelson, you can't find a norm At least how are qualified Co-tonsal I think they met council but it says council Co-tonsal to assist him Oh yeah Oh, yeah Oh, get out of here What would you do these people? You see if normal is smart What would it be in long time ago? It's called up down buck wall Say hey listen I know I'm a schmuck And I'm like little league I had my idea of talk radio It was like Joyce Kaufman and Rick Ciderman And crap like that from the light bulb So please don't you do the thing And give me like a little piece You know like there would be a piece for the tatarias And a piece for me Right just to lift the what is big Just to not tell us you what you're big Norman, I know but no he's like Played Mr. Bigshot And he's going to call me to a clock on my cell phone Like I really know well what Just get the contract Okay, well yes, we'd art Just get the contract Go on and pick up some homeless kids And just get the contract Then let's get out of the life and cut the crap already Cut a quote with a soap opera It's a radio show I think and that isn't it? Or is it for real? This for real We don't know Line 9 QAM Hello Dolphins Hotline Yes not the tip of everything WQAM Hello Say you want to talk to me Speaking Yeah Yeah Just all bullets and bullets your name on it Yeah, Graham, happy for it WQAM Hello Hello Yes Yeah hi It's a QAM Yes man Oh no, hi How are you? I'm fine I'm going to turn the radio Okay Please turn the radio down Good job I'm just kidding Okay The reason I'm calling is on the direct TV Yeah It's always behind the real radio Right Because it's a satellite Because it bounces off the first satellite And it goes for them And then I'm back to watch the right Exactly That's why It's not on purpose Away Okay Because back in the day when I had my big dish Before I finally had a taken away We could be came out to sleep You could watch a game on the big dish And then flip over to direct TV And by the time you got there Like about five seconds, maybe you see the same play again Oh I know, but it's drives me crazy Because my TV and the kitchen doesn't have So from watching the game on Because it looks better on direct TV Right And so I'm watching the living room And then I go into the kitchen And if I have to stay on there It's behind Yeah, but the good thing is If you missed it the first time You always see it again Well that's true But I can go back more to any of that Right And that's true Just wanted to tell you that Thanks lots of it I've never had a holiday You can be by Yeah, the T-Bows thing which on here it's called What's it called? Personal TVR Personal video recorder Okay And you can like be taping two shows at the same time Not taping recording I can see we work and we also say that Yeah, it can be recording Sorry, well it's called recorder not tap But anyway, you can be recording two at the same time Like I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording After that fourth interception I went over I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording After that fourth interception I went over I was recording After that fourth interception I went over I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I was recording I went too loud I played I went too loud I have to snap I hear my voice The speaker is on ear My voice is resigned My voice Ha I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'll be a little bit more Seriously, there's no time for people with them never spend money and they both are even got out of single rip rise with huge bowls thanks for being focused on your foe SweetAre the places are qualify as one of my & Carton Cated memories I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm able to play my club like the No, I don't, I'm nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous and I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous, I'm a and on the ear and I wanted to have it inscribed he could have been a contender instead of a bummer right study just another punk here's a fact these people are getting his terror this this is gotta be like orchestrated you know i think mighty bells behind it kneel don't do it if you must one make them used to water to release a thousand once are we can afford that maybe uh George Corso could start drinking we're having go out there and pee on the tower we did hmm thank god for his mental lipis by the way we'd like a little scratch to cement George in the deal with you well that's already done three at the most go a year to year four ten a two p.m. at all times well i can't do that until stirring gets out of the way because you know when they sign a conflicting overlapping illegal contract you know they can't uh what are they going to do for five tells Joyce to stuff and you have a lot more experience than she does yeah who does this bitch Joyce to decide what we can say on the air who died and gave her the power huh she's got the power i think we need to call father Marin to take care of uh Joyce with her ugly ass in the shooting yeah see that's another thing talk about weeks history norma oh yeah well she just you know thanks it up if she goes along and you can't say this word and she's very nervous about that word well the hell with you Joyce silly bitch and number six last and most important we want our fart sounds back there you go Joyce if it's good enough for how he it's good enough for us a saw that on morning cartoons again over the weekend fart sounds right on kitty shows in morning right morning cartoons regular broadcast broadcast TV by the way just like just like even the anxious uh Joe Rivers was saying when we're talking to people about the uh Janet Jackson flap he says in the same broadcast they had like seven different uh drugs they were advertising for your rectal dysfunction right they had a farting horse and they were about one tenth of a second of a naked booby what does that tell you about America man what does that say Joyce and then I understand the beast is going to go up to see no friend of yours in a week or two and Atlanta can I give you a guess I'll take your children a cellam to some Haitians yeah the beast beast will probably tell y'all about it I'm Friday when he fills in for George we still live in for me come into QAM hello hey Neil yes sir can you hear me Neil hello I'm here okay I've got a question in the comment really quick how does our signal sound they won't be free go on how's our signal sound of them here it's in I'm in West politics horrible it's all in the line you yeah well nice to charge the news you played a great drop there was chicken squawking with Mary Melody's music unbelievably funny oh yeah what's all is that oh what is that call what's like the chicken do you know what it's got you know I have parts on yeah yeah yes we can't we can't put it on you are you're a bunch of yeah that's called the bodily functions aren't just literally with parts out here's my comment I've been listening for 13 years last week show when you're talking to I guess Josh and the beast I listen a book keep your arms around your just great short or any dope smoking pig and we got to stick together all right good luck in power and the beast was okay but he certainly he's just I'll tell you one thing clearance but they the beast I mean he can go in there Friday because nobody wants to work that day that that's where he can come in when nobody else wants it but today that day think he's going to level in there and any kind of a permanent position that's today that I level out okay depend on it get your life on bet Matty Bell's life on it 5 6 7 0 5 60 he's just a silly first okay he's just a wobbling as who knows nothing about anything you wouldn't believe the questions I was asking him did just just for fun but his his lack of knowledge about anything in the world other than you have been sports and the feeding it just not exist in the fact that his you know his folks have got a lot of money and he lives on brickle with their money and he went as going over the weekend with his girlfriend to the west coast to some big posh resort with their money and that's it he just a spoiled fat little rich dude that's all he is not rich but I mean you know it's full bread that's it but he puts out for clearance so therefore he's got an in double Q a m hello yes sir are you done pretty good you were talking about the signal I'm here in the house it no it does good can you hear me not not hear you fine okay well not a phone see the phone is fine right well the signal reference to the the station of community from kibba right well I don't hear that in the background like the music is up what I do here is when I'm driving around you're signal will like drop out and then the kibba station will come in and then you drive around a little bit further and then your that station will drop out and you'll come back in like you know something like really well but you know it's unusual on a and because on a and you'll get that right there's a drop out I'm sure you've heard that on fms your you know so many miles away from the tower because it's line of sight but on a and there's a ground signal so usually you don't just you know disappear well the way things that it happens to you and it doesn't happen to the stations that like rent on cash or for out of the way they have their stations messed up probably you'll probably you'll be on a had some to do with it thanks bali right and probably someone at the right way from propaganda and per and order from shop day down there from a little banana sweet water maybe that's what that's all about you think there you go maybe some of the some of the common issues of the galaxy to get to sky a block a mile because if they hear about it in kuba remember we used to get calls from kuba not a lot or postcard or two from kuba right we have a few listeners down there they got to make them and then you're part maybe they called them on and probably hold their ass off and they're waiting to do after the new year the rest of them too just one of them things that's one of the bad parts about traditional the terrestrial radio man it really blows never done that for years would probably ought to be on kiss see if normal is like a real agent if he was like a real hot tub he'd have said okay we'll continue this fiasco but Neil needs to be on FM on kiss from ten into every day on can you imagine that with a real signal their numbers were not accurate anyway already we don't have to change the call letters either we just change the logo a little bit instead of kiss country you could be kiss my ass right and every time then we could all we could judge any when I could take turns picking on us just you know to keep those people tuned in what do you want to take turns I'll do it all the time all year and of course with these bloody chunks out with this weather change man I got I got the chunks up the old size 27 after one at five 16 WQM lobster fest is back at the ammo coast every Friday through Sunday before there's number one aging gourmet buffet is ready to buy to get restaurant review in addition to animal coast all you can eat buffet now you can enjoy succulent juicy melt in your mouth main lobster served thermodore style start your mouth watering experience with a choice of six different soup maybe you want to dive into all six of them then sample dozens and zillions of oriental treats including fried snapper and a Thai sweet and sour sauce and old favorite whole roasted duck and hoisin sauce it could also enjoy their brand new sushi bar feature over 30 not 30 minutes I would be surprised next time that the Greg and Norma get together they have sushi at the animal coast if you still have room animal coast out of this world dessert bar features chocolate covered strawberries here on the zoo and even to remind us who like it says here and she's taken as well so you want to make a bad title like that I enjoy reading it on here because it's kind of stupid don't forget the amocos per was healthy living cooking all the fine cuisine with the best ingredients like cholesterol freaking oil no MSG no crap no MSC headaches because they don't use any garbage and cooking and their stuff animal coast real cases for you they're in sunrise sunny hours and pepper pines that sunny hours beach and would eat holidays here right now what a great place to take all these are guests for a fantastic feast for reservations call 954 5 7 238 229 5 4 5 7 238 22 the world famous Emerald Coast Chinese buffet you're listening to exclusively Supposedly octopus like get me some what planted marry I don't care if they hate from my rapture's knees Use you to the torture Cause they're just playing their game Oh, in the past It had to be worse with Sir Dham Who's saying? Are you sure? Uh-huh Wish at the whole Arab world Really mad, he's got the whole Arab world Really mad, he made the whole Arab world Really mad, which has the whole Arab world so mad Those prisoners were treated Really mad, they made them strip naked for a photograph And all of those soldiers Has a laugh, it made the whole Arab world so mad They sat a record for all right And our laugh, but now it's not this But it's crap, George Bush and his clones are For the crap, he made the whole Arab world so mad That should be me There's a function breathing with us Feeling sad, and a lot of little children Have no dad, this war has turned out Really bad, he made the whole Arab world so mad There's a suicide farmer It'll wreck with a bunch of teeth and just grab the back To his back, and when an ex-fog gets gone 26 still 2 at 5.6 now is more in the building yet I'm sure he must be A lot, I wouldn't know, we got a bit of a look No, not, I'm just curious in other words he didn't come in and bond with you And say happy, a glacier holidays and no, it doesn't do that often He ought to, a wonder if his head's still shaped Well, it was only one way to find out Here's a fact from efferman Bat Rouge, Louisiana And maybe you could try to write these things And try to stop him from texting anyone We did, this guy's sending a nine-pays for facts The one you're reading right now Oh, efferman don't be sent on a nine-pays Facts, he says he attaches a great article a little long But definitely worth reading But wait, I don't want a nine-pays article, okay, efferman Because I'm mugging out of here, please He says move down here to a Bat Rouge in October after Ling and West Palm Beach for the past 41 years all of my life It's totally sucks in Louisiana In fact, he's trying to find out who put the Lus in Louisiana But the wife wants to be with her mom and so I'm stuck Thank God I have you to listen to him and introducing You to the Yahoo's here by the internet at work They hear me laughing all the time on it or what I was listening to All seven parallels including myself participate in your pool every day I think you're catching on over here Housing kisses for my brother and redneck bill, Louisiana Uh, housing kisses ever make quick facts on a set out of So George is trying to get a little quirky about him, okay? Pulled out the paper out of it Good Here's the pool so far, our pool What was the most important story of 2004 to you? We got the 513 votes Let's start from the bottom up Scott Peterson trial game marriage one of these who cares Reagan dies too who cares who was it was a blessing? How about meals mother guys that we didn't put that on there? I'll put that on there now Josh you clown too late Oh, hockey lockout four Janet Jackson's booby flap only six dolphin season of disaster 10 until last area Three and have been a surprise time scheme. That is so they played four minutes of the game And for that great 72 yard part return and everybody been in the game See I keep rewinding it in my mind over it. How could you lose that game? How could you do this to me? I take it personal Bella check. I take that lost personal Rensaux went in world series 20 Howard sperm signs with serious radio 21 Neoroggers signs to your extension with QM 59 for hurricanes in Florida 90 Bush wins via election 132 1300 plus baby West soldiers in Iraq 170 is what they say 560 pound five 60 in a Verizon singular run a slime that a George go off and check the other run I didn't know your series. No, no go to the break. You know I was one serious WQM hello Yes, sir. I want you out of happy decision. Thank you. Hey, bye And I want you to die how's that? I have a real happy vacation if the news comes at you die and your X neighbor too That would be great. What have you done in my although? I don't think that was him now I guess it was yet the first part didn't sound like he's a little off his feed WQM hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing how you doing? All right? Listen, I'm trying to get in the holiday spirit here and I was wondering if you could play that dead Christmas song The dead. Oh, yeah Does that have anything in it George any? No, it's really oh it's clean and pristine. It's best to dead dead dead dead dead. I think that's perfect for today How do they know they're telling you didn't you? Thank you see you Dead dead dead Some table all be dead The minute we're born we start dying we die a little more every day Young girl richer poor. There's nothing we can do to stop it So look long at that Christmas tree it may be the last one that you've seen Take a leave your house and green and red because someday you'll be dead dead dead someday you'll be dead dead dead dead someday we'll all be dead It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you So be sure the low person see when you snuck with it That you thank God for your family because someday they'll be dead dead dead someday they'll be dead dead dead someday we'll all be dead Who knows how many Christmas and the sun that's in the short night Nobody knows that's my voice enjoy the world you can And someone Christmas morning led good tidings through your head What a festive season someday you'll be dead dead dead someday we'll be dead dead dead Every one you know dead A very merry Christmas to you dead Merry Christmas everybody You are the things that we all Roger Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas Christmas D  pressed babies The incomparable David boy Three generations of priests, daughters of Severs! And if you have now Crocodile with Rowan and Abbey, let's select his home, brother, Rowan, with Dave's crown! Any rockers, pass that a door! You must let him off! Can't! If you try to divide the printer, you can't leave with your way! He's only going to go from Crocodile, brothers and brothers! Let's set her to Severs! From Crap Calls, where we say, if you'll buy this, you'll buy anything! Hey, my master, this one! When will you guys might know me as a person? I will buy everything! I will buy everything! I will! I want this guy to split into two months! Make me beautiful, do it! For the California, and for the future! Make you look like a genius! And then we're going to have to be this beautiful, like a horse! I'm not feeling well! I'm not feeling well! I just want to go to the home office first! So, if I'm ready, just say that you're up! You're not at home! You can beat over or nose the nose, just be over! You get somebody else a few! I like! No! I don't feel like I'm texting out of the way! I'm not a decision to make a choice to support the California's transaction, and after the final last year. I am really sorry! If I had to do any more, I was cheering that morning! So, that's the best! 144 or 1602, we got Moja or David and a 2, did you go in and bond with it? No, you don't forgot. I'll go in and check it. Anyway, that's the thing from Lee Roy. My good friend Lee Roy. We already put it on the website. That's his much publicity we're going to give you. The old pussy can't see it around the quarter of 79th in this game, which was like Club of Donna, and some of the dark and plated place. It's going to be a... That's a game! Club you moron! That's what he wants! Here we go Lee Roy, I have number one, number two. I cannot believe that Tommy, we loved Tommy dearly, but did he really say partogous cigars and it wasn't fun? You know, I wasn't listening. Oh, I'm so glad. I should go talk to him if that's the best. He said partogous. Could I know Tommy is a kind of surfer of fine smokes? Yeah. Not necessarily no cigars. 560, 560, pound-five, 60 on a Verizon and singular wireless lines. How old is Miss Horkheimer doing these days? It's still alive. WQAM, hello. QAM. Hey, Neil, I'm doing. Okay, how you doing? Great. I don't have a whole lot of material, but I haven't heard you play that song Rudolph the Brown, those reindeer this year. You're dang right. Could you do that? Hi, let me... is it okay, you guys? Here you go. Thank you. Brown, those reindeer. You're welcome. Always round the blast, they're round. But that's how he got up around the room. Follow into close behind. Back home. All of the reindeer are making combat sneeze. They all would stop abruptly. And one of them would come for change. One day, random got better. You said this, you said. Okay. See, Joyce, you made a judgment too soon. I forgot all about that. Yeah, I thought we even had, don't you? Set up. No. Yeah, sometimes like any of those grandpa. Well, sorry about that, Pally. We gave it a brush. You had a little bit of it in there. And then all of a sudden he cut the cheese. Who to soak it? Well, Jennifer just said, you know, it's a prediment cut the cheese or something like that. And she just said that? Sublet them. 5, 6, 7. Don't be asking for fart sounds. He must have been thinking he's been like sneak it in. So, to speak, you know, sneak one right on the ear. That would be really careful when you sneak. WDQA, I'm hello. What time is the Gregory Show on? Gregory shows that it'll be on from noon till midnight starting next Monday. WDQA, I'm hello. Hey, I'm Kuleo. Yes, I'm from Ocomparque. First of all, I wanted to wish you and George happy solstice. They'd be back to you. Happy whatever. Happy Armageddon. There you go. And speaking of, have you really think about, on, 245, TVN, being off the air? No, but that would be a blessing. It would be an active guy. I have. I haven't. I've been off the air. I've been getting nothing but snow because every now and then I try and check to hear the crap that they're not. Is that the one that Jan and Paul prot your own? Yes. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Oh, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. And they've been muffled. It's like it's slightly been off the air. And I get nothing but snow then turns to blue. See, we're worried about our minor signal problems. At least we're still on here. At least you can hear us a little bit. So I was wondering if you heard anything about why this was happening. Only just now. Okay. Thanks for the good news, man. Thank God. See, thank you. Thank you. Yeah. It all crutches being punished for his humble, easy involvement. They're a ledge. Right? Right. Hmm, boys, a good thing this show is coming over now. I don't think I'm getting anything just a little scratchy from the heat. Right. Sort of official heat. Speaking of the heat. Yeah. That's what's going on. Oh, you know, I saw him on somewhere last night. Some sports nerd show. Yeah. When I talk about this and Josh would agree with this. His head is the size. There are, there are states that it like Delaware and Rhode Island. They're the smaller than Chuck said. Am I right? Yeah. You're right. That man has got a big heat. I mean, some people say he got a good hand on the shoulders. He's got a big heat on his shoulders. Wow. Anything's a size and not rush more. It's bigger than a basketball. Oh, no question about that. It's bigger than like a watermelon. Somebody QAM. Hello. Hi. I just wanted to let you know. My computer was caught on on the other night. You know, that's out. Outro is to India. Right. And I, and India is answering the phone. Thank you for calling tech support. This is Neil Rogers. This is Neil Rogers. You had a nice idea about it. And he said, where he's going from. I said, Miami. He said another guy two months ago at Godham and told him about you. And he said, he had already heard about you from this other guy. But he's using your alien. I'm alien. I'm a human. I asked him how he got it. He said he loves Kenny Rogers and Neil Diamond. Wow. But there's some guy in India. I'm going to be you. I've been looking at it. All that curry. Well, not only make it smell real bad. Or write your brain, too. I hear you, Betty. I love your show. Listen to it every day. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. Have a good day. Bye bye. And that kid, create man who writes your brain. Especially with all I found my body language stuff to plan on power 96. How did they do? I didn't even look at their numbers. Well, take a look. I already gave them up. Well, I don't have them because it was like men. You gave me many teen plus. That's not their demo. No. We don't know. I've got to let them go. So there was a little like running around and celebrating. So are you. I guess we're not going to have a ratings party. Chris is only a trend. Ha ha ha ha ha. We can have a party. We did great. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing. When we drop out of September, we have a decent December. We're going to kick some ass in the fall book. And did from 10 to 3. You got a 92 and a 7. That sounds pretty good to me. It sounds like about a, let's see. What is that? 92 about 2 to 2. So we got over an 8 and that's 18 plus. I think we're going to kick some big fat, smelly ass in the fall book. Then we'll be dangerous. Sure, listen to the real Roger's. Exclusive. Hey, that's how we, how it's fam. Our jeans back. And this side is your watch. It's our watch. It's our watch. It's our watch. It's our watch. I think we're going to kick some big fat, we'll see if they'll come out of September. Okay, shall we? We're dying in the concert. Oh, there's a lot of people in the concert. Yeah. Oh, wow. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. I'm going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to be in the concert. We're going to shout for you on the piano. We're going to shout for you on the piano. I'm going to be in the concert. I know what the concert is. I know what the concert is. We're going to shout for you on the concert. And check that out. And send a big call up. We're going to shout for you on the concert. And send a big call up. And send a big call up. I did everything well. I did everything well. I did everything well. I did everything well. And we're going to watch it and see you in the next one. Now! And now, we're off from a poor bed. We're going to be in life. Tell them they're going to be in the concert. Clif, a presidential candidate. How it did? You can call me Julie. I said stop playing bits already. I said you have five states. Stop playing bits. I have a very special studio. Guess what's the say, Hologia? Yes. He'll do you miss me. No! All right! Do do do do do. You have no idea, man. Do you miss me? Yes. I have a question for you. Why doesn't work that crap without the moment? Yes. I never thought I'd say that. Did you? No. I'm watching the Ricky Williams interview on 60 minutes on Sunday. Yes, I saw it. And I thought of you because... He was the reason why. Yes. He was the reason why. Yes. As Mike Wallace is sitting across the table from Ricky. The year everything he was saying to himself, you know, which is more interesting. This interview or the one I did with Castro about 68. Yeah. But the X-Most Laws can do video. I've never seen him in the face of the year. But there's that tell you how desperate they are. I said I must have been a slow newsweek. You know, all these kids dying over in Iraq and all this stuff going on in the world. And they're interviewing Ricky Williams on 60 minutes. And they won't let you play a part bit. Yes. How do you like that? What's your life coming to? Well, it's not too bad when you come right down. Would you? You're in, you know, having a good life? Yeah. They didn't hate for playing golf every day and it's not too bad. No, it's only three days a week. But that's okay. So you're going to be a patient again. Yes, sir. Who takes more vacation? You with a boss here. I'll tell you who takes the most vacations of Molles. You're a partner on the broadcast. Oh, right. I have never seen anything like that. You know, it's one thing that teach people something. But he learned so well. He passed me like I was standing still. He's got these on the case on permanent vacation with aerosmith. He's like always on vacation. Smart guy. He's like, hey, he's a form of love child. Whatever. He's probably done as much as Ricky. Now listen, you're, you're gay last night, which you must die didn't, I was watching on TV, but you must have been a psychotic. You must have been you for it. That was, you know, I got to head to him as much of a patron's fan as I am. That was the dolphin Super Bowl last night. Fabulous gay. Well, I have tapes with the game if you like what it's sent to you. No, I have, I had an on my TV R Mario. I raised it real fast. No, not the audio tapes. Oh, audio tapes. Okay, but it's in DVD. You're giving it to me in your DVDs. I don't think so. I don't think so. Hey, happy Hanukkah. And by today, I'm all, I feel like that. Howard Davis coming along next to, I would never, if you hadn't of, She shouted something out. I was playing that. I was just saying hi. How are somebody? And he said, and he wanted to say, how do you? How do you? How do you all, I think it's on the B. I told you, I don't know what it is, but there's something It's like that the scene in the hit your would see time is how and Mark your how are you know? Right. There's a weird bond there. Right. I think we both like finger food, something like that. I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah, that really is. There's kind of a a fun bond in there somewhere. And in addition to which, like I said, I did you show them the numbers. Did you tell them about that? No, I didn't. I don't have a many more. I remember I told you. Well, I mean, you can tell them that, you know, the Mr. Bigshot, there's a publicity here and a number that Mocha to Max. And I'm sure beaded if we go back and some of those trends without any problem at all. There's times we had like five something. I mean, a four or six in October, especially when we had a seven in midday, I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry. That's not worth like the whole rest of the world sitting on the edge of the streets waiting for them to finally take their last breath and go home until we're finally permitted to come on here. Sorry, I just am not buying it. Where's the beef, baby? Where's the meat? Howie? Anyway, have a great the New Year and a great Christmas and a great the quads and subway with. And remember to Godfather, Marlon Brando, standing by the fish tank. Be a friend of Michael. No. Be a friend of George, even if a great hate. Bye, bye.