Find out my name every wenig I can hear 50 The brother coming in and coming The father comes coming and he comes The brother comes coming and he comes He comes coming and he comes He comes coming and he comes He comes coming and he comes He comes coming and he comes He comes coming and he comes He comes coming he comes And comes comingящee He comes coming and he comes He gives up A much craft He wants to suppliers Young friends My husband picnic busy Round chicken I want them I only want them I keepdriusted I'm sorry, I said to you, Mr. Hillard, I wish you some good advice. I'm glad to have you, I'm glad to have you. I think that if you're not the dead one, I'm here for the death one. I'm glad to have you, I'm glad to have you. So you need to ask me, I'm so very cold, I'm here for you. For what you're cold, I can shake your body too. We can go to the left side and start to let the mass you see your palms through the sun. Oh, it's so small, it's so small, it's so small. Why did it die? It's so small, it's so small. I can't stop it. I can't stop it. Well, the little present, let's do it again. Now let me ask you something. Do we have both of these verses take this hour or not? Yep, yes. We do. Okay, this check-in because I'll do it very momentarily, and then we'll get like, you know, organized. We're getting the kind of a flow, kind of a short flow though. Yeah, yeah. Kind of like when you have your inner infection, you have like kind of a short flow. And it hurts. And it hurts to be a band, it kind of burns. Anyway, we've got the Immarlon Pregame. Now just because it's been raining like Carlos Garcin and West Palm, I checked out my radar. See now that we had all those hurricane crab, now we're all experts at checking the radar. You check out the old loop, do you loop? Better blue, guys on TV. Yeah, that's pretty interesting. And now the rumor has it that they were trying to bring back Gene. I mean, we do have this band of rainers going around, but it'll be over by ball games. We've got to get both these games this day. Big, gigantic double head over the cup starting a 12-3-2-1. That's what the pregame is 12-3. So if you're up at Palm Beach County and you've been rained on, they all are not going to play those games. Guess what? Give in your car, go to the stadium. Trust me what I tell you, those games will be played. If we have to bet great weeds like fun, if those games will be played, if we have to hang in from the flagpole, those games will be played. Right? Flagpole? Because we got big fish to fry 12-3-2 like it in hell out of here. 10-42-5-62-A-N. We have a lot of things to get to the morning, so we do it all. Well, that's all. The fire is still there. We have to... New home. God. Oh. I'm dying out of here. Let him know right. I am even so confident there were football teams that were moving club to ball, both goals go like the ones ever seen. They're on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control. And when you say my amy, they're talking toilet holders. They're the... I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I'my, talker. I'my, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. Don't bet on them, you'll always lose. Earth. They don't know how that's happened. They don't know how to block it. Their coaches are to tell them to put them day in their tracks. Then they would learn much faster. And even in the fields. When we go to the stadium, they'll see my amy. And there's a I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. Let's see that hasn't got to go. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker, I amy, talker. No need to be nervous. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I amy, talker. I hear the fraud you can't get blooming. I amy, talker. Evidence effect the Sepic hierarchy, that quarter affects the juice, run down the field, and be the firm else over you. quatro. I'll never ran a super bowl and shot and feast the price When the disc of death does it mean that he was certain size. That's where the Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. I'm Jesus Louis. I'm Jesus. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Because his signals and he grew up. But Dolphins and no teeth and sand there often says it jokes. Like George Bush e.B. Fred Soltz, you know they're gonna choke. They'll always just stop pointing when they're in a playoff race race with fewer points than fun marks on. I sing those ugly face of the mayor that Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins number. I want the help. 32. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Miami Dolphins. Now there's food. I'm dying on the head. That's the movie. Michael B. The 11th, 560, that's the amazing Monday to your company. Marlon's a peepy part. They will play. Trust me when I tell you or else. Guess who died. And you told me about it already. So I guess you know, Skinner Davis. Oh yeah. Skinner Davis. She died. The end of the world. For her? Now that's bad. Anyway, he's she at the top of the pop charts with the end of the world in 1963. Sing on a grand Alope Radio Show for more than 40 years. God of cancer. Yesterday she was 72. God of a national hospice. She would not go for breast cancer in 1988. Had a breast cancer in 1996. She was nicknamed. She was nicknamed. He or by her grandpa who said she was so active. She buzzed around like a mosquito. And tour with Elvis Presley and Rolling Stones. If you can work there running out for a wig live radio show in 1959, continue to perform as late as this year. In 1973, she was suspended from the outbreak for more than a year from protesting the arrest of Jesus, priests, and Nashville. Besides the end of the world, her hits included. I'm saving my love. And I can't stay mad at you. She was born Mary Francis, 10. And she took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. She took the name. Luis, we'll do it again. In particular. okay. Just relax.ified. Two more here. Anyway, here's a chapter box from Simone who says she's asking for nine or eleven in the morning on WPMA. We're progressing and jumping on it. If you come on while we're is Mile. Whenever. And I know this up, but your material is far away more interesting. I found Joe Rosen and I found that on a sports person at least he can communicate on the adult level. The inmates are running the asylum good luck to us as small. Well, she was more at about 1040 in the show in Z1230 so we got a little bit less than two hours there. That's a two-bed. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's not, oh god. I'm getting choked up about it. So here's the new poll. We're not worried about 252 in the morning of this morning. Which of these applies to you? And I'm not going to take you know how it's turned poll every day. We've done several of these, but just to try to get a little feel of what's happened out there, give a little feel of it. Yes, Royce, if I can say that. I know I can't do it, but I can say it. 542 votes. And look at that, we got nine new listeners already. All right. Which of these applies to you? I listen to Neil, but not to Stern. 373 that's 68.8%. You see that? I see. I've always listened to both Stern and you 142. See, the reason I'm referring to him by a last name is not to, you know, like a difference to Stern. It's just if I say how it, it could be like absolutely. More how it. We got too many hours around. You know, it could be running how it, more how it debated. How it's deduct. Right. He's listening to you a lot of the Stern 370. If you have always listened to Stern and you 142, I listen to Stern on another station 18, who want to actually hear the show and I hear all the dumps and the briefs and the dumps and the dumps down the bed in there. 18. And I'm a Stern-Lister and a new Lister and Neil, we got this is staggering boys and girls. The I9. I messed with that any promotion for Stern-Show whatsoever, right? Or the new lineup. Well, we don't know what the line of case we can't promote it. Right. The bad news is I don't see the hump around this schedule this week. We thought first sure. The correct read would come to a consensus that the more the organization would kind of like relax and ease back a little bit. I don't know what's going on. Because nobody tells us from nothing and there's not even any point asking parents and nothing more because even if they do know something they lie like champions because they're sworn to secrecy and they're both a couple of young pansies where like they're you know quaking in their boots or you know and they're quaker oats. Like what's your name Barbara Bush. There's carry in on the jutemits struggle against terrorists. There he is. He's legitimate. What are we going to do with him? I thought we're going to do the weight. So he seems he seems to be a little more animated this morning. He seems to be seeing some of the right things. It's may hopefully not to like you guys until he's 43 days. Six weeks from tomorrow is the presidential election. Wow. That's all I can say. And I sure hope that they don't screw us again. There's one ticket. 10. Fifty six. Like I said, have no fear. The rain is subsiding. I'm checking out radar. Everything is going to be just fine. All we're fine. I hope that's stadium and have a great time. We're going to be a Russia's ex-schleuseball. We're going to be a Russian president. Do drugs back in? There's a night where our country awakened today's room. And called to the same freedom. Called to the same freedom. Oh, oh, oh. Maybe we'll have a fine weekend. I am the senior. A great conductor. I'm a big lead to war. Your day now is the end of world. Because you don't love me anymore. The station is supposed to war. Everybody left me a night by. I'll see. You're a big girl. You're a girl. You're a boy. You're a star. How Major is in his sister's house? How was all night out? As long as you're a country sure feels goodbye. That's how we persuaded for you... Who was not bothered? They apparently were not. Yeah, all of them foreseen. Who laughed hurt me. I'm Mr. Reed. I can't understand. There's no idea how to understand. There's no idea how to follow. I helped him myself as well when I was just here. Why is this one for me? I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. In a lifetime, we're going to have to learn more than I can do. All nine. Two. Again. You just are good guys. How are you, Tom. You don't need to talk, no, you don't need to talk. It's enough. Once you feel quite good, often you do all the work, in the program. We have a couple of calls today, but we always should time calling her and we got bigger fish to fry, Ofanton. What about milkshakes before the fish? Okay, Lakeland, you like this story. Two brothers serving in the military in the third man exploded a small bomb. It's not my Donald's because they were angry over a bad milkshake they received the fish will say it. No one was hurt then, instead the restaurant was minor. Pedro Gars and Iteen, Joshua Haki and Iteen and Nathaniel Haki, 21, were arrested with Saturday on felony charges and making the charging a destructive device. The older Haki is in the army and his brothers in the Coast Guard the Pope County Sheriff's office in. What if they're keen to like Pope Sal and you think? Pope Adott. One of the guys said they got a bad milkshake and they played a prank on them, Sheriff's Major Sammy Taylor said, investigating a said-and-and-and-mixed toilet bull pinder and aluminum for them a plastic soda bottle. They said, and they said, and a table Friday evening they made McDonald's restaurant from zero to zero rooms. They then cat the bottle, put it on the table and left before they exploded 1045 Friday PM. A customer sitting 10 feet away wasn't hit by the splashing chemicals. The toilet bull pinder has an acid-based Taylor said, and can burn your skin and put your eyes on them. The few identified from a surveillance video investigators said, Maria Bay and the Haki's older sister said they didn't think about the consequences of their action and now we grip them so bad. It's a stupid prank and they weren't thinking she said, I have had calls for them already and they said they wish they could turn back the hands of time. I bet you'd take Bundies probably thinking of the same thing. At least he was. So I ended up in the deep fat fryer. Probably a skewer day this was thinking that too. She took her last breath. I wish I could turn back the hands of time. But it's the end of the world for me. Bay and said her brothers are too good kids who never been in trouble with law. Nathan said he's ready to face what's coming to him. She said, maybe they'll be made examples and people won't do this thing. I know the punishment. Make him either damn McDonald's man. Huh? That's a punishment for worse than a fake worth in death. I'm a death. Now. Here is the story. This is the definitive story about the kind of practice going on in America. The latter who folded CBS documents happens to be just the causes and activist with a far right GOP ties. Jay. Rights Peter Walsh in the LA Times. It was the first public allegation on the CBS News Youth Forge Memos in its report. Questioning President Bush's National Guard Service, a highly technical explanation posted with an hours of airtime, setting conformational spacing in hot styles. But it didn't come from an escort in topography or tapwriter history as some first thought. Instead it was the work of Harry W. McDougall and Atlanta lawyer was strong ties to conservative Republican causes who helped draft a petition urging the Arkansas Supreme Court to disparp President Clinton after the monoclewitz he's scheduled at times as found. The idea of Buckhead, a blogger known previously only by his screen name on the site free republic dot com. And listed the poker host status in a conservative blog list for your since last week's posting, his life-related fuel speculation on Democrats said the efforts to describe the CBS Memos were engineered by Republicans eager to undermine reports that Bush received preferential printed in the National Guard more than about 30 minutes. Years ago, Republican officials have denied any involvement among those who've bunking the CBS story reached by a telephone over the weekend McDougall 46 in permetti is Buckhead, a decline to answer any questions about his political background or how he knew so much about the CBS documents so fast. You can ask the questions but I'm not gonna answer them until the LA Times I'm just gonna stick to doing no interviews. I'm so the Times identified him by teasing the information from his postings over the past two years, McDougall had taken pains to remain in the shadows. In those dark shadows, saying the credit for challenges CBS had remained with a blogger as he was a whole and not one individual as whole of a W. Thank you. Free papers collectively possessed more analytical horsepower than the entire division CBS he wrote in the email using a free-press, a safety paper as free-press, excuse me, using the sling of notches term for uses of that upnotches right when free-rephublished site. T-press-paper is here to go to creepers again. McDougall is a lawyer in the Atlanta office of the Winston-Tillum Earth throw out a based firm Womble Carlisle Sandwich in Rice. I wonder if that's kindergarten visa. And this is affiliated with two prominent conservative legal groups, the Federalist Society and the Southeast and Legal Foundation where he serves on legal advisory board and has been involved in several hope-to-high profile cases. Founded in 1976, the Southeast and Legal Foundation advocates limited government, individually economic freedom and the free-edit prior system according to which website. The foundation has fought affirmative action and domestic part of benefits for government employees and successfully challenged the implementation plan to use the government as a professional sampling rather than a hard counter-to-estimate depopulation in the 2000 census. McDougall helped grant the foundation's petition in 1998 to eliminate five-year suspension of puttons Arkansas law license for getting misleading testimony in the Paula Jones' sexual harassment case. So obviously a very unbiased blogger out there, which happens to be a right-wing fanatic on free-rephublished outcomes, speaks for itself, though, not yet. Now, how's that plow on that poll coming there? Well, that's it, that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. It's the update of this slide view. 618 vote. I listened to Neil Knight thester in 420 67.9 percent rounded off he got 68. Oh, I've always listened to Stuart Andy 163 26.3 percent. I listened to Stuart on another station 21.3 percent 21 now that would anybody But the getting all the nifty bleep that does put into our QA and right is the copies. Not for mention the great A and Soobmo pool. Also I'm a skirmish and new Mr. Meal 14. Oh, how low you there? What? I said see there? Yeah, I see there. It's wonderful to go with it. We got some new list news out there. And that's without any billboards and a TV spot, then you real promotion for the fight that we got, how it's steering on the air. And like I said, it's kind of hard to promote you new line up, and you don't have to do line up yet. When everybody's just kind of bending over weight and you get it from Greg Next, who's going to be next? You know, we had the worst team. I was thinking about this in the shower this morning. We sure how my mind is all messed up by that place. First, we had the whole worst team. Joe Rose comes to Greg and gives him advanced notices. I'm leaving. I'm going to channel six full time. But you know, nice guy. Give some of 20 notice. You can't quit. You're fired. It did. All you all you on the first team, you're all fired. But don't leave until I'm ready to put something else on. So Joe Rose got screwed over not once, but then again his last time. Twice. He got screwed. But he still comes out and all of my kind of rose. Oh, God. I love these short shows, man. I'm going to cover myself on the Friday. I love these short shows. Real short. Tell me this is good. And anyway, and then of course we had the guilty who stuck around for a while. But now he's. Of course he's way to do the Panther games now. Oh, he got a long way. Jelly. I'll tell you right now. Man, you got a long way. Don't send the Panthers. You money, please. Unless you just want to let them hold it for a while. I grabbed hold your pin before we let them hold your cash. And let's see who else now we got the Humphoracourse who's getting just, oh man. I don't think I'll be able to tell you how he's been seeing. That was not any idea what's going on with the Humphoracourse. Like in a indecent permanent fist suspended animation with pay, who might leave an out? At one course of Joe and Mark your close personal friends. Right. And then of course the little George right there, you were about ready to get canned because of Logan all of said about those memos and then the Greg oil. At the start you two are doing drug rigas because he lied and I can't have anybody working it with lie. Oh my god, Greg, any better fire yourself. Look at him there and fire yourself because when it comes to lying man, we got the one guy who says, I'm dying of a hand. He makes his own lying over here. That's his motto. So is this a question of, is not a question of if it's just a question of when? So just everybody been over gift the old KY and you're ready for Greg to give you all foot free stuff. Yeah, at least a piece of good mood who'd be set up first. Farmedist passed 11 at 5, 16 WQMA short show today, Marlon's on deck until 30 Marlon's of the cup. These are the two biggest games in the year of Medellory. We would have, are you going? You got tickets. Not going. Why not? I got a like work. You took all the good tickets. Yeah, but not for me. Oh I see. So somebody's going with those tickets anyway. Scalping. Good. Anyway, one of five is getting them all and starting and don't worry like I said about a few showers, two golden showers, no problem. You got hurt, two and a half line either clock tonight, any K10. I don't want to rub it in about the dolphins. Those are the girls. A little girl. That's just a girls team, but a little girl team last night. They make the dramatic comeback there at the end of the game and you're thinking, okay, now we're going to overtime. Now they finally got the offense going all the way to touchy. Feeling? We got the Olin, the Ma day who had a kick to kick twice there because of the covered time offensive. But nevertheless, it's a real good way through the other time of game and you're thinking, okay, no problem. He below his embarrassment and the play was road test and horrendous and offensive line was as offensive as it gets. And guess what, here comes the bangles who looked more like the bangles and he come marching right down the field, kick the 40 year. What was it 40 years? No, wasn't 38, 39. Right? 39, I believe. That's what I just said. 39 are feelable and by the bang everybody go home, give him over. You'll lose to a little girl's team. 11, 13, it five, 60, WQN is really one place to even think about when it comes to the tip of your feet with some great shoes for men and women and its brandies and competal beef. So it went around forever. And grand easy get the best service to unbeatable prices that they claim this for and all the top things and the shoe business like rock sports floor shine. S.A.S. spirit, timberal naturalizer and all your best to. And with grand easy humongous solution chances are in fact you could bet great service and thus lies all three of them on it. And whatever style you're looking for is in stock on a shelf, ready to stop on your foot right now. Grandes is open daily Monday through Saturday 9 till 9, Sunday's 10 till 5 in your final mid 12, 90 north, federal highway and pump, email beats no matter where you live at Sworthand Fair stock off on a whole bunch of your shoes. And again this week you can buy new balance and tremendous savings even more than usual of grandies. They 20% off on all great men's and women's new balance styles. So be sure and come out of the store this week or visit them on the web at BrandiesChoose.com. One of my team at five, 60 WCM, well you must have got to go stuff in the last week. I don't know where you got it from but we'd like to find out. Yeah, it's a 673 vote and it's cool. How do you like that? 673. It's a good thing we started this ahead of time because it was a damn short show today. Due to these applies to you very important scientific we're going to take this evidence and we're going to pop right on Greg Weeds desk and say they're have somebody we this year. I was in the alachistur in 452. 67.1% that's 2 terms of this audience. You've turned. I've always was in the student annual 181. 26.8% you're cracking your knuckles. That's bad news. That's all right. How do they say that's bad for you? They do. They say a lot of stupid things. Yeah, it's a stupid thing. Crack your knuckles all you want. That's the only crack that we approval initial. Well, let's go ahead. I don't want to get you in. I'll say. I listen to spirit on another station 24. That's 3.5%. That's not good. But what is really good? I'm a steeringist to run a new Mr. Neil 16. 2.3%. We got 16. I'm a little less than a man. That is pretty dang exciting. And another hour will have 20. Well, we'll see. And we only got another hour and 10 minutes anyway. Of course, in the noon to 1230, I want to warn you at the time. Well, no, the audience really owes me because I don't want to like, you know, leave you on. I don't want to give you a false sense of what is going to be a show between noon and noon 30 noon 30. We got the water noses. Got three, four minute breaks on it. We're going to have an hour. So obviously, we're just thinking it matter half hour. We just got a lot of spots to get in. So we can get paid by the clients. We have no interest in providing you with any entertainment information, anything in the noon to 1230. That's not my decision. Your George or Miguel or even Josh Croyd. This is after holding Dave Ben-Buying San as a state because it's raining, you know, and he has to hold it and squeeze it. It's just the way it is. The powers that be want the money. And they don't want to give a crap about the audience, which is very obviously the thing engineer the whole steering thing. They don't really care about the new Rogers audience. Especially two thirds of the audience who don't listen to the Howard in a morning. I mean, we wish they were all dead. We love Howard's steering beyond there because supposedly it's going to make us a lot more money. And I have to work a lot less. And like in C Friday, I got really porcup. Because that thing 11 o'clock. It's just it was like they never wanted to end. You know, it was a little over the top. It's tedious waiting. Yeah. I mean, if we knew in other words, if they told us at a time, okay, we're leaving this morning at 1045. Okay. We got a lot of material. But no, you just have to do a waning and waning and it's just a painting and palpitating and prepitating and just a waiting. I mean, like we done yet, is it soup yet? Yeah, that kind of thing. It's a little quirky about that. But having we considered it over the weekend, I like these five and it shows. It's great. Top Democrats laughed back yesterday at a remark by House Speaker Danny Haster that I'll kind of leave his once Senator John Kerry to meet President Bush and November. Picking up a page from the Dick Cheney song book. At a campaign rally Saturday in his Illinois district by President Dick Cheney, see, Haster said I'll try to would like to influence this election of the New Tax Summer, the train bombings in Madrid days before this Spanish national election in March. When reporter asked Haster to if he thought I'll kind of would operate with more confident Kerry were elected, the speaker said, that's my opinion. Yes. Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McCollacal Haster's comments disgraceful saying there was no room for this in our political discourse. I got a story here if I can never get it to print out. In fact, you know what, I think I'll read it right off the thing because I don't have time. I just don't have time to do anything. And this smirking chimp, we love smirking chimp and we a lot of their stories. I sent them money in the guy, you may all be back. I guess he didn't like our website or whatever. But we don't really care. Come on, get with it here already. About Floni, about the real forged documents, tampering with documents and bushes in National Guard record. Not what I'm talking about, CBS. We're talking about tampering that they discovered that went on. The cover up the Hanky Paki, the fact that you've had an eight-wall president. Well, this thing comes out so slow. Have you ever tried to get on this thing? Smirking chimp? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, for some days, it just, oh, it takes forever to call this work about it. And the meantime, we've got more important things in them. The presidential election in wars and people dying stuff like that. McCalli Culkin. Did you see this story? Yeah. He's kind of suck in old McCalli Culkin. Oh, well. The 25, he just, oh, makes my blood curl. I can't stand even seeing the side of that clown, that creature, that thing. Anyway, the 24-year-old McCalli Culkin was jailed in terms of possessing merge we and a dangerous control of substance without a prescription police say. He and another man were arrested after the cover they were traveling in was pulled over in Oklahoma City on Friday. Culkin best known for his role in the film The Home Alone and his spot in bed next to Michael Jackson was later released after paying a $44,000 bond. A report from Oklahoma County Sheriff's Office had authorities confiscated about 17 grams of marijuana from a vehicle in which Culkin was a passenger also found 16 milligrams of prescription medications used to control anxiety and seeers, it said, how do you like that? Hmm. There vehicle and stuff offices driving 70 in the 60 and committing an improper lane change. Wow, he's, he's trying to under a lot of stress, not that I want to stick up for him, but he's, he's had a lot of problems. He didn't get married when he's about like 10 years old, something like that. Yeah. Great. Good, right. After Michael kind of like broke him in. I'll let's see. Am I going to be able to do this? I'm going to give him a nice bed shower. Yeah, look it over here. So this thing sometimes, I guess they don't have that much bang with his something. Am I getting too technical for myself? That might be a issue. Anyway, at least two documents in President George W. Bush's Texas Air National Guard file shows signs of tampering. The physical anomalies in the documents described by a researcher Paul Lufthaziek suggests the changes were made in the documents after they were generated perhaps to mask for potentially embarrassing information about the president's service. Okay. Okay. So all doctor, the question I was who's got the real documents and who's got the doctor documents? This Kaziek and Ross story were among the sources upon which the Boston Globe drew upon when composing their article stating Bush failed to meet requirements of the guard. Both parties have a steering clear, other were not in the source for the controversial documents unveiled by 60 minutes. Okay. So this is a totally different story. And it's actually got picture. I'm going to get this on our website. If it's the last thing I do, I try to like howly did that. If I let's get it out there today, Eric, while you were recording from your all-night stupor, the latest discovery concerns, two records in Bush's guard file as obtained by the female information request 2000. The first discrepancies in a marks of the president's discharge form, formally known as the report of separation and record of service. And it's got to copy that. So it's just too long and ponders. But there you are. There will be on our website, New Yorkers, I've come take a long look at it and weep. Okay. Because just like that secretary said that what everybody was, we can in general. Remember her? Yes. Oh, I think he said. Oh, I think he said. We even know she doesn't believe those were the original documents, but they essentially said exactly what the original documents were. The states say, and that the, what was in them was absolutely correct is what you said. They are. That's so important. That's not a good answer. I don't think that's her voice on it right now. Not the bridge, though. That's her. So don't confuse this little facts. And of course, the fact that this right wing blogger from free republic dot com this creeper, cheaper, as creepers, it was all started by a creeper. Well, what credibility is that? Have any, no, none in you and baby none is in singing. What these six passed 11 at five, 60 WDQ. We only got an hour to go. And then once we get to knew, we don't have like how many seconds we got. We don't have time to fart. Thank God. And then new to 1230, because they don't want to get all the stuff. That's it. And we enjoy stuff. If you are the anklons, which so many people are, the South Beach of August is many low-carb sugar free died. If you see the thing with the fat people on 60 minutes, the last night, the last night, the the right that all man, one guy, two of them weighed over 600 pounds. Anyway, if you are one of the low-carb beds, hit for a great story, the Lysel West Booker for years, the Lysel helped thousands of low-carb beds, it's either weight lost goals. And now the Lysel West Booker is celebrating their 14th Big Spat anniversary, the special discounts up to 50% off on low-carb products like CarboLite, Pure D-Lite, Carb sense and all the others. It's the anniversary of super special. You can say half off all, atkins, grand foods and supplements too. And don't forget their fantastic, less of low-carb baked bread and things with some great taste-like cheesecake. Bread's rules even brownies. And as always, a delight you can try any item in the store before you buy it. For staff knows low-carb bedding inside and out, they're open every day until 10 in the PM. Don't forget that guaranteed lowest price policy on all atkins. CarboLite and Pure D-Lite products, the Lysel West Booker will not be under the sole of your final on the Northeast corner of blaze in 441 right next to Boston Market. We can call them at 1-877 low-carb or on a web at low-carb.com. This LWCARB. Don't forget to let it only be like some of us book as your official atkins retail centers. For those who do need, what you're saying is that the reference of the price of the one is the Q&A item. This is how it's been. Aw, this is now Franken. Aw, Jim Bob News has been held as one of America's greatest law writers. We're the real two goals. And out your home. Now I'm ready to come to paradise. Thomas, Missy, Marble State, you know, the Penny Saver. Paul Kim Bob Newsom, the greatest comedy writer since milk came in. All it seems, don't tell the truth. And the night. John, now, as a grateful dick fan, I appreciate the enormous amount of in-bab news because to me, he sounds the slight, very carcena. And the girl, to close the window, to say God, close the window, so we should grab you. Now, no one else is as good as Kim Bob Newsom. And her deal of news is leaving now. And I'm innocent, my toilet dog. Now, no! 1132, hey Alfred, good man, what a kid or you know, he's really something. I can't say the word on the ear. Judged strikes down campaign finance rule this just yet. We don't want to get too newsy now, but nevertheless, a judge has struck down more than a dozen of the government's courtholes on political fundraising, which is weeks to go before election day, concluding federal regulators improperly weak in nations campaign finance law. US district judge Colleen Kora Kutali ordered the federal election commissioner right in New Rules to grab on KES, begs of fundraising, including money candidates and outside parties can coordinate activities. The judge does not specifically address how candidates and political parties need to current campaign to enact the absence of the rules. The law's main provisions, many, most large donations are unaffected, but issues involving coordination must be addressed by regulators, for example. And Kim Jong-un member said that he wants to grab a bunch of try to block the ruling from taken effect. If the ruling is not state, many key parts of the federal election laws will be in KIA and said, Kim Jong-un, Michael Turner, a Republican. Kora Kutali ruled some of the regulations the FEC devised after law was passed in 2002, but created an immense loophole in law for abuses that law make this wrote the law never intended. I'd like that. The judge's ruling was released Saturday on a court website discovered today by the key parties. The key party is found today, and the ruling too. Now, this might make you feel a little bit better about life, those of you who don't want for more years of fascism, those of you who aren't multi-billionaires, those of you who aren't religious, but not as waiting for the Armageddon and for Jesus to come sit on your TOTINUS piece of white or white needed. That's better neat than the way for though, isn't it? Okay, if you say so, you have a head of wait for? If you're going to eat, no, I never had one of them wait for, but they taste like. They're not bad, actually. It's really. They'll like a rice cracker. Oh my god, you're mac and on that's you, sir. They're like, not enough of them. Steans sold all rights. You should ignore Friday's Gallup Hall, and have an isolated Gallup Hall has always been tilting toward the right, haven't I said that? It says, ignore their Friday Gallup Hall, and maybe all of theirs. It says this morning, meaning Friday, we will look to the startling news that despite a Fourier different polls last week, all children have tied, raised the valor or the venerable Gallup Hall, as reported widely in the media, USA, the day CNN showed George W Bush where a huge 5542% lead over John Kerry among likely voters. The same Gallup Hall shown an 8.0-lay for Bush among registered voters before he gets discouraged by these results you should be more upset than Gallup gets major media outlets to top these polls and present a false disappointing account of the actual standard race. Why? Because the Gallup Hall despite its reputation assumed that this November, 40% of those turning out to vote will be Republicans only 33% only a third. You've turned, we Democrats. You read that correctly. I asked Gallup who has been very courteous to my request to send it this morning. There are sample breakdowns by party identification for both their likely emergency voters samples that use these national and unsuspector state polls. This is what I got back this morning. He's got the stories on our website, but I'm not going to say you read Congress. We've been numbers. In both polls, Gallup oversamples greatly for the GOP and under samples that Democrats were, she had Gallup just confirmed for me. This is the same sampling methodology that has been using this whole election season for all of their national and state polls. Gallup says that this breakdown between Republicans and Democrats was not a constant. It can differ slightly between surveys response to my latest email. Slightly, does that mean that all of these national and state polls have seen from Gallup that they've slightly vary between 36 to 40% GOP and 32 to 36% Democrat? I already know from an email I got from Gallup earlier in the week that in their suspicious Wisconsin and the Soder polls, they seemingly oversampled from the GOP and under sample of the Democrats. For example, in Wisconsin, in which they now show Bush with a healthy lean, Gallup used a sample comprised of 38% Republicans in 32% Democratic-like voters. In Minnesota, where Gallup shows Bush gaining a small lead, the sample reflects the composition of 36% Republican in 34% Democratic-like voters. How realistic is it to break down on those states on election day? According to John Slavie, the renowned poster himself. If we look at the last three presidential elections, this spread was 34% Democrats, 34% Republicans, and 33% independence in 92 and Ross Peron in the race. In 96, 34, 39% Democrats, 34% Republicans, 27% independence, and in 9th in 2000, Democrats, 39% Republicans, 35% 26% independence. So Democrats have been 39% of voting populists in both 96 and 2000s, GOP has not been hired then 35% among either one of those elections. In Gallup, Trump has a poll that uses a sample that shows a GOP by is a 40% among likely voters and 38% among ready-assent voters is an democratic for a portion of the sample down the levels they haven't seen since the strong three-way race in 92. Post-alustrole-Roll can disclose an Democratic face in the same home in DROs and gets to GOP to come out of the woodwork there is no way in the hell that these are any other java polls to be taken seriously. How likely is it to the Democrats on separate 7.5 against the GOP this November, or that the GOP will ever hit 40% not very likely? The real problem here is that Gallup is spreading false in prescience of this race. Through its 1992 partnership with the International Media, let's see an NN and USA today. Gallup is telling voters in other media by using badly sample polls that the GOP and its candidates are more popular than they will be. Given that Gallup CEO is a GOP donor, this should not be a surprise. But this requires to remind the media like Susan Page of USA today who wrote a lead story on the full in the morning paper Friday, and other members of the media who cite this pool that is based on a full-team sample composition of 40% GOP and 33% Democratic. And I'd discuss it and make you want to view as it does. If we go on with sample a whole bunch more Republicans that we can Democrats, oh, guess what, Bush is way ahead of me and all of that. What a surprise. Sounds like that old Greg Reed methodology again lie to your teeth, baby, like Condolee's a man, it's why he's got that big gap there, okay? But you didn't know that, she's got that big gap, so she can lie to the few slides through her freaking ugly teeth. You didn't get this, what I heard. Yeah, she's right. That's why the way the union jack all the time. You know that W is definitely a Confederate flag on as well. So he was a student, yes, he did. He had a Confederate flag t-shirt when I was a pike. Well, racist. 7506 votes on the pool so far. This is kind of like a slap over from last night that we started the brain. You want to catch a bite of surprise? I guess it caught Eric by surprise more than anybody else because everybody else was asleep. 7506 votes, which of these applies to you? I listen to the El Nath to Stern 501 66.2 percent about two turds. I'm always listening to both Stern and the El Zuo 9. I listen to Stern on another station, 208 and that's not so great. 3.7 percent if they want to hear a first of all the better sound quality on AFM. And secondly, you want to actually hear the show not that whole source of season. And when Howard does his Friday show this week on the Hemorrh contest, even more importantly, that that could be like an aversion. I'll use it. Yeah, a lot of music. And I'm a Stern Mr. and a new listener, Neil 18.2.3 percent of which we say. We love you. I like that. That's a little bit of a thought. We'll take it. We'll take a... That's what we've always said. That's our motto for QA. I'm going to show you. We go to our audience one listener and let's have a... I'm going to take a boot. Because he cost too much money to do it any other way. Funny till noon at 5.60WQAmen right now, Armstrong Ford Holmes did once to clear their loss and sell off all remaining's O-Fours. Here are just some of the great deals waiting for you right now. And O-Four AFLON 50 pick up your pages to dollar over invoice. New O-Four Explorers just to buck over invoice. Rangers, not to New York Rangers, they're not turned right now. Now, let me draw your panties by the way. Don't send me any money. Rangers, conducts toruses and focuses all waiting for you, which is the buck over invoice. Only, at Armstrong Ford of Holmes did. Plus Armstrong Ford offers more valued whistle-of-questress when you buy your Ford from Armstrong you'll get their exclusive tires and batteries for a life program that is correct. You get tires and batteries for a life. The value will get Armstrong Ford doesn't stop me because right now they're on for you a free Ford of some past with any vehicle you buy at their joint. Press for time Armstrong knows that your time is valuable, so call on at this number. 305-24751-12 and chocolate over the phone. I'll even deliver that spiffy new vehicle right here wherever you are hanging in the net. Armstrong Ford of Holmes said, look around and operate it. They treat you just like family, I guarantee you. You won't get a better deal on a Ford anywhere in South Florida. No bait and switch, no BS, no phone ideals. Armstrong Ford of Holmes did. You'll find in a 307-25 South, this year highway just 20 minutes south of the 86. Check them out of the web at Armstrongcars.com. Grab a little and save a ton. Literally hundreds, maybe thousands on that new Ford only. At Armstrong Ford of Holmes Day. een placefacing the new Gull Songs Tommy Hollick in the zoo nber. To possibly take users interest byああ and you will be well. Siss water plants from the Shincheon company fellow from UCLA how? The scientific engine, as technological models, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh and Guardik recognises Christ's tradition, and saved our crepes when we're wild! It was built in front, no! Monsterorders in our fold in the back, Monsterziel offers him back He died in the night. He never made a call. I think he always had to. He went over to his father. But I'm going to send money down in the night. He gave us a call, and said, and he said, I'm going to send money down in the night. He gave us a call, and said, and said, I love my guitar. I love my guitar. I'm going to send money down in the night. I'm going to send money down in the night. Working building at 5.60 WQ, I'm happy Monday. I went out yesterday over the weekend. I got the Seymour Hershburg Chain of Command. The rule from 9.11 to Abugar Rips. The Bush mice are all his Nazi colleagues in the ass. And then even bigger book, wow. This thing is going to come up with 100 pages. The Kitty Kelly book, The Family, The Real Story of the Bush Dynasty. And I started leasing through the, didn't have time to, like really get into it. Because it's like I said, 700 pages long, but. And also she talks about the slice to have that the Bush campaign did. Carl Roe of Ambushant Company on John McCain and the South Carolina primary in 2000. I mean, just unbelievable. And of course, everybody's got a short memory. And there was Bush with the McCain, you know, Kissin' and Huggin' and the squeeze, and it, and everything else. All of them, I came to say that Bush's policy in Iraq blow something like that. I'm paraphrasing, slightly. Riber Kitty Kelly has accused the White House of putting pressure on her and US media over the new biographie on the family of President George W. Bush. The family, the real story of the Bush Dynasty, which alleged, or this, the birthday dynasty, which alleged that Bush took cocaine and can't even when his father was present, and it became an instant best seller after his publication this week, but it's been strongly condemned by the presidency, well, no doubt. I've had the pressure of the White House Kelly, a veteran of biographical, and I've been told to conference in Washington, late Thursday, linked to the release of her book. It was published last Tuesday, it was under embargo until that time, so that we're no copies available. These before publication of White House issued a formal statement saying that the book was garbage, and nobody should read it. Kelly also said that White House had called the President of NBC News to urge the network not to invite her to talk about the new book. How do you like that? Not that they're trying to control a media, you don't understand that. Look, Larry King did not understand an invitation. I've done a show for every book that I've ever written. She said of the star-sea and entalk for a host. I like that. Maybe if she's still thin of 50, then I change his mind. The 733 page told me he was hit with Kelly's trademark, Mr. Scandal and Sechel in New Window, and paid say deeply unflattering perfect of the Bush dynasty that's been condemned by the White House and say politically motivated, smear job, editing over a second presidential election. Kelly said she interviewed 988 people for the book, if it's in the book it's corroborated, she said, there's a lot I left out of the book. Among those quoted are Sharon Bush and ex-wife, along with the President of Rebels Neel Bush, who was said to confirm the cocaine incident, Sharon Bush of course has ensued the nibis because she values her life. I'm not sure, I'm very pardon. I'm not sure, I'm Bush had a little rest of it. It was a four-hour lunch in Sharon Bush talked about everything Kelly said. She talked about her father laws in Fidelity. She talked about the mistresses of George Herbert Walker Bush. She talked about her fermented relationship with the Bush family. I said, Sharon have ever heard about George W. doing drugs that can't date with when his father was present, and she said, yes, many times. Kelly said, Sharon Bush's publicist has corroborated everything. But I'm not really surprised that she's backing off because this is a very powerful family. Sharon said over lunch that she was afraid of the Bush's. Kelly went on to say, I really do think they are the most powerful in America, the most powerful family in the world. She denied she had any political agenda, explained the book was started in 2000. I personally come from a large Republican family. She said, my father voted for Bush, U.N. Bush, Dose, as he looks on, have another Dose to back. You're right me? Let's not do it again. Oh, I think that's things on all parts. Yes, that's on all parts. We will have to have a little trouble again. Trust me. We've got to make time. We have to slap over a little bit in the ball game. Well, maybe not. But a lot of people can do it like I can't wait, huh? The pregame shows his strength in a bunch of bedtime stories. Well, speaking of bedtime stories, I don't know if we can talk about this because it tells us that it talks about pulling pork off the shelf. I don't think George is going to be too happy about that. The headline on this from the CNN website is that a microchip in my meat. And of course back in the day we could have had some fun with that. But I guess we better not now. No, but on a thousand pounds of pork process that a suicide or meatpacking time was recalled over the weekend, because a microchip could be embedded in the meat. And man, there's nothing worse than sitting down for a juicy pork chop or whatever, a father office of microchip embedded in your meat. The supreme packing company we call 110 sold pork shoulder butts. butts. Which is known as echo about 1100 pounds of meat that contain the metal devices used to measure scientific data in hogs. The animals, and especially at Russia, Sharan Yom Kibr-Kandobit, no pork chop, so if they, maybe a couple of cheese burgers, bacon cheese, buries all right, but not pork chops. You'll definitely burn in hell. The animals processed September 10 were part of a research heard that it had been sent to slaughter without the proper notification that they had chips in private said supreme by President Jim Malak. What a great name that is this, SIO UX, isn't Su-C-S-D-I-O? Okay, supreme. These houses have gotten into the delivery at our harvest line in Su-Cet without in notification declaration that they clearly need devices. You may have said the processes in Colorado, Iowa and Mexico. None of the meat appears to have reached consumers yet, he said. The recipients were notified to return the meat which will be either inspected and cleared for use or destroyed. Merit Simala said he didn't know who would implant the chips in the hogs, but dogs were healthy and been cleared by the USDA process in inspectors for processing. So if you find that there's a microchip in your meat, I call the police right away. Call the pork police. Oh, speaking of porky people, Carl Roe, who's a real major bull. They've Carl Roe, Dodge the draft. Wouldn't that be in just another course, we got a whole bunch of Neocondrap dodging chicken offs up there. And here's another one. The main move we're in shaker there. The brains behind the end of the list. Except for a lack of several months, now the whole story is on our website. We have time, my prohibitions for what we just don't have time. For the whole thing. Except for a lack of several months selected service records, your presidential advisor, Carl Roe, Nazi and Chief, escaped the draft from nearly three years of high to the war in Vietnam using student deferments. Roe's avoidance of military service during the Vietnam war has become an issue in an ongoing presidential campaign debate, regarding the military records of President Bush and Challenger's Senator John Kerry. Bush's supporters have attacked Kerry's war declaration since the statements he made opposing the war, and Kerry back as insisted Bush was quietly ushered into the protective ranks of the National Guard to avoid combat, then failed to fulfill the last month's service obligation. Democrats cast Rome as the mastermind of a hypocritical Bush team that managed to avoid the draft, and now cynically encourages questions about Kerry's three purple hearts. Last April, Kerry even mentioned Roe by name along with Vice President Cheney saying the two men went out of their way to avoid their chance to serve. The draft got your pony baloney, chicken hocks, sacrificing over a thousand American lives, all of course they themselves were cowards. I just mentioned that in passing. Speaking of coward rhymes with Howard, let's take a look at the pool. Eight hundred eleven votes already. How do you like that? Well, okay. See it's a good thing we started this baby overnight. Probably had 1500 votes already if Eric would have been out gallop handing around on me. And they probably went away for the weekend, or maybe he heavily sedated his lovely wife, and he went away for the weekend. You never know. Or maybe he just went out on the eating bins, trearing all of the fast food joints all weekend. That's possible. I've always loved the most stern and the old 227.8 percent. I listened to stern on another station 32.3.9 percent. Mock by way said that is aren't acceptable. Don't be doing that. You want to hear every dump. And enjoy saying to everybody about fame and dumps on your eating. And I've heard that a lot of people say that they're not going to have a lot of money. But I've heard that a lot of people say that they're not going to have a lot of money. And I've heard that a lot of people say that they're not going to have a lot of money. And enjoy saying to everybody about fame and dumps on your eating. And I'm a sternless 2 and a new Neil Rogers list there. 19. 19. Speaking of cheese 19. Top star Britney Spears did it again. Oh, I see they just want to have a lot of icey things again. Oh no. You're both a man in the evening. Anyway, pop star Britney Spears did the winning got married for the second time. This year this time the dancer Kevin's pedaling in a private ceremony in studio city California. Access Hollywood reported yesterday. Aren't you a bummed out about that or whatever. See that. Look at that. Good lady. I mean, I know he's so ex-loving up. That could. The blue is starting to fade. He looks like he's well worn at this point. It could catch my profile. Here's 22 in federal line 20. Six of the surprise the appearance of the only expected ceremony. Which she seems to be pretty big on. That every time she gets a few. Which still plays in a private residence. In square to a public system that is going to came to entertainment news program. Access Hollywood. Is that the one that that Jack Ashes on with those names? You know the one I'm talking about. I think the auditorate is a day. Spears in federal line answering engagement in June. Federal lines got two children with former girlfriend, char Jackson. Former girlfriend. Not a wife but then again that's the way things are doing. You want to sing to new, Rajasuke? Music on my second time. I like to relax by having very diagonal in the side of my balls. I listen to them in the right. It's 12 to one hour. Music on my second time. George Bush. There's a place you can land so then you can. The best way we can be is man. Now you said you. So attention duty just fine. You think absent and your mind George Bush. Your position says make the John Gary. This up to you, your faith. It's those questions. A thumbnail journal's gone. That's like slave. You're a doomed story. That's on display. You're not a. Don't you own help and you've been proven on a date. W.O.L.O. What a funny thing. The military can't find. Where you burn in that fire in the airtime. You're a party that you say. Hey, W.O.L. The dead. W.O.L.O. Who's this? We're the story of the real. You might burn back over our field. Come on, one in five, six. The W.O.L.O.L.O.L.O. The level of counts out of the marlin's three games. You're the level of counts today. You're the level of counts today. We need to sweep. We need to sweep today. We were also looking pretty grim. Anyway, 12.30 pre-game, 105 game time. Everything is fine. We're fine. You're a nice, passionate, and a fantastic security. You may be noticing that those of you who've just come to the airport on the way in. They don't check you, but nevertheless, you might be watching what they do. They're doing the other people on the way out. You're leaning out. Starting this week, all airline passengers must take off their jacket. Now, why would they just stay in that now? We have to take their hat and jacket off. What did you just say? What are you doing? Must take off their jacket speed. See no matter what you do, no wonder great hate to like for his name. Joy, so I don't want to tell you. I can't say the word what she feels about you. Airline passengers must take off their jacket before passing the passengers and more will be subjected to pant down surges and chestwear or explosives. In other words, if they see come like a little balls, somewhere in your body they're going to be panted down. Yeah, or like if you have a strange package? Screeners will advise passengers of new procedures when they put their carry on bags in the conveyor belt. TSA spokeswoman, you will end a cart be seen. The goal is to fortify our screening procedures and protect the presence of explosives carried out a personal and carry on luggage. Of course, you're still going to be able to carry like what? You're still going to be able to carry the passengers? No, no, no, no, no. Right, and two hand grenades down to a dozen of others. Bags checked on the plane's must pass through machines that can take various kinds of explosives but neither the walkthrough metal detectors that pass your use on the way to gates. Really answering machines for carry on bags can sense plastic explosives. So now, now, every passenger selected for secondary screening after passing through metal detectors will have their carry on items subjected to the chest by explosive detectors. They've been doing that for a long time. I guess now they're just doing a more widespread. I don't want to touch that. You know what I'm talking about? That's what I said to let them on a touch that even they insisted. Air travel is association president David Steple said the charges are a good idea. Some passengers could be upset by hand searches. And of course, that all depends on where they stick their hand. They're not. Extraordinary need for it given the reason bombing of the planes in Russia, heightens security alerts, tension leading up to the election. I think these are the necessary evils that passengers are going to have to put up with these said. Two checks in women are suspected of carrying bombs on with those two Russian planes that are excluded. Almost simultaneously last month. We got to do a break. Yeah. Why? Nothing. Eight hundred and sixty votes which of these applies to you. I listen to Neil Mattis Dern, five hundred and sixty free 65.4 percent. I've always listened to both Dern and Neil 244. We sure love those people. Twenty point three percent. I listen to Stern on another station. Thirty two three point seven percent. A second set of all those. Weeks. And I'm a firmless Dern and a new listener Neil 21. I'm just blown away. That amazing. Totally good for you. Dry consensus on help keep your carber's clean and healthy and right now they stand healthy and stay in help return your house to normal. If you had water damage like so many people did from hurricane Francis. They made arrangements to be a staging area for water damage restoration services help us come in from northern states. And so now they have an abundance of equipment up to the restoration process. If you need help with your carpeting your drape your all these things to put your house back in shape. Try their main number which by concept is tool free 1-800-248-5771. And it's 1-800-248-5771. If you can't get through on that number try 9-5-4-214-6924 or 9-5-4-44-492-76 or 9-5-4-214-6923. Once again if you got water damage from hurricane Francis, right concept is ready to help restore your home back to a normal state with brand spank a new. Calm today if that main number there will be no time to get in. Call 1-800-248-5771. That's 1-800-248-5771. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. And don't try and go through the new things you want to do. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get in. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. If you can't get through on that number there will be no time to get through on that number. That's the only thing that you can get through on that number. And I showed that on CNN I mentioned last week that survey they've done all around the world 35 different countries where carry just towns the heck out of bush. Let's not the whole world vote okay. Come there all on here. There are all on that he's not seen. Here are all homies remember here in Canada 61% for carry 16% for bootchum. And then it includes of course all them right in the cowboys out there and Alberta and wherever. Probably cowboys right. Chemical, well, chemical is a cowboys. The program also raises the program in the decisions by where we've been liable at best. Your program should start attending them with a student is done or not. To waste them that was not professionals sloppy at best. You want to be prepared and on time not one of the mood strikes. I'd like to whether way is starting to like tell me what I want what I all of these things you know. I want to be prepared for a non time. The remarks about less work for saying money ring true for all however the quality of your show will suffer with bothers you for being. And bothers you very much race. He's in your head. Especially now that it's only 20th and 25th is five whole days away. I'm five six. I'm five six. Get you down. You want the geriatric channel. Come here to put me in a hole. The makers of Pint My Ride. It's my walker. She's a little miserable. You're my sister. She's more gorgeous. My walker is really looking twice. You can't fly, man. Give my walker. I'll be going to see the patchwork along today. I don't have a boy. Seven, five, six, you double can just moments away from the pregame show. Marlons and a cups of PPP Park huge. Geget, a great level head of the day. A short as even excited about our job. I have excited about it because we get on here. A like a little bit. It's not that we're counting. How a bird is a handy target for democrats. Now wait till he heard the timing on this. Okay. In the fall of 2002 keeping in mind that the rack attack was the spring of 2003. In the fall of 2000s, a group of Pentagon advisers are assessing the condition of a last oil fields, saw the need for a tidal repair damage from the impending war. The effort had to be secret because the government had not publicly committed itself to fighting and had to be done by trustworthy experts. The energy infrastructure planning group turned away from illurease source, power burdened company, the global services company, where Dick Chay was chief executive until a couple of weeks after the incident was nominated for vice president. Oh my god. Check that for once and once you understand? Right. It was a small project worth $1.9 million for a company that brought in 12.6 billion in revenue that year, but it turned out to be the bridge to something much larger. Four months later, Pentagon officials granted Kellogg Brown and Route incorporated. Haliburton's engineering and construction subsidiary, one of the contracting plums of the war, classified no bid deal, was up to $7 billion to do the restoration work. The details about the genesis of those secret contracts have been comported and intensifying unless you have ever been by Democrats in Congress and the presidential campaign of John Kerry to question whether Haliburton became one of the defense departments' favorite contractors because Chayne is vice president. What do you think? Let me think about that for a few years. No one has presented evidence to Chayne, made as much as a phone call on behalf of this former company and the run up for the war as since, but Haliburton's repeated missteps and legal troubles, the surge in government business and apparent contradiction in statements by Chayne and other administration officials have kept the issue alive. Political analysts said that many voters may have no idea what services Haliburton provides to the government that they know Chayne once ran the company. John Pitney-Dune, a government professor at Kermon McKenna College who once served as a fellow in Chayne's congressional office said, Haliburton inflames administration critics. For people who disapprove of the administration Haliburton provides a handle. He said, if someone's up images of corporate connections and big oil, and of course, we all know those are just images, right? There's no truth, any of that crap. I just, those of us are jealous, because we don't have those big gigantic billions like they do. 21 past noon at 5, 16 WQA, we're all spots station for the new millennium. You know, this is one of those times when many of you might need some help past because of the hurricanes and all the other crap that's been going on. Well thankfully, Donald McHers delivers the same day, our cross-out Florida. When you call 1-800-MAT, this will choose some of the deepest and modest election-of-betting, all available for immediate same day delivery. Call 1-800-MATF is right now for factory-direct prices, and like I said, immediately delivery is looking to pick that day into our window to fit your schedule. And Donald McHers is on time 99.7% of the time. Donald McHers direct number one of the questions we said especially when there's a big 2004, bitter business bureau local torch of excellence award. You wouldn't know what they say about that torch. When you call 1-800-MATF, you'll choose to come meet top names in the business. It's sort of King Kuala Simmons, never be like even. Stewards and Foster Hewitt. Everybody with a brain is doing it and you ought to be doing foolish. The easiest piece is shopping, you'll ever do, just sit on your fan assinict that one call 1-800-MATF. Or log onto their website, macres.com. 1-800-MATF is 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. The right-back comes. Start. First of all, because the broadcast is outside, I call you old Charlie Man. I pray to be the see that Joey coming. I said at least that, and it is, I'll be by in George W. Bush. I think that's my love. I'm sure it was. Are we not spinning today? Because the key is that I'm spinning how we are keeping. I never stayed with that. Eric will not have to stop the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest. Take your computer key. Always in a cup of ice from P.D. Park in a while. For sure, I'll believe in that. I don't know if you ever were and I just feel it was going down. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found the puncher, I was a fear in the beginning. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that the good is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. We found out that this bad is going to get lost. And that this bad is going to get lost. But when I found out that this bad is going to get lost. Give me the ring, it's velosed. This isnesog Our Woodle facile. Goodbye, duff, duff This will be Emerald help in that division. hold work boy thank you GarB give out a I'm going to get you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a