Those prisoners retreated really bad they made them strip they did for a photograph and Follow those soldiers and left and they the whole their world so man I would have rent a face that would wreck with all right and I left but now it's not this but But a trap George Bush and his plumbers are from the crafty days the whole their world so man So there's a bunch of breathing with us feeling sad and a lot of little children I don't dance this war has turned out really bad they made the whole their world so man There's a suicide farmer in a wreck with a bunch of volunteers back to his back and went and I've got to That's 25 at 5.60 WQAM anyway we got the numbers coming out the trends the Arbitrans from Arbitron at 1130 any interest No, oh, oh, yeah, we're like huh we are we are why interested family This is really mostly on your neural shoulders. I'll take it back because it's the let's say June July August Yeah, is that correct? I reckon yeah That's what it's gonna be June July August and we're dropping off a big may from the last trend I mean a huge may when we had an 8.0 in men so that's gonna disappear So if we if you did really well in August You me if I did really well in August What are we see well, I mean they're gonna give you any credit if it's good and the correct all the audience that Oh, that little George was on and we're talking about Ash again, yeah, you're like a blame for the other shows that did that even though we were number one I was in the script. You're talking to sees you spread it around even though we were the hurricanes are like a disease I'm not talking about the football team necessarily all of they have problems little grotes teams, but Hurricane gene now here's the eight o'clock advisory and a lot of people are starting to get pankey and whip up a new friends Because the weather fairies are hyperventilating again by name that's them the eight a.m. and there'll be a new one out at eleven a.m. and we'll actually be able to put that on here See this today is just fine away from where I'm sitting Didn't run me we have time to get in those two breaks in the last half hour without having to like put them on back side by each and we have time to do all the I put it around today Okay, here's the deal from the National Hurricane Center at 8 a.m. Hurricane warnings and effectively north-western Bahamas including the avocose and Rosalind very island's Vimney and Lou Thurot Grand Bahama island and new Providence Hurricane warning means that hurricane conditions are respected in the warning area within the next 24 hours a hurricane Watch is in effect by the way you people in the lobby waiting for the staff to come in forget about it A hurricane watch is in effect along the east coast of Florida from Florida city to St Augustine including Lake Okotubi Or hurricane watch means that hurricane conditions are possible in the wash area within the next 36 hours don't panic unless you want to A tropical storm warning is going to affect for the central Bahamas including cat Steven's island the Exumas long island run pay and San Salvador Interest elsewhere in the Florida Peninsula should closely monitor the progress of gene the old dance and machine I guess we probably ought to play sister gene later for your time, but I doubt it. Okay, because we got all the book of rambus to play and we got to play cats Stevens again. We got the cage a stuff where I also says here this is from the National hurricane Center Which have find most interesting We're reminded that from sundown tonight until sundown Saturday is young kipper all Hey, a solemn Jewish holiday you can keep poor your Jewish neighbors in the box and warning areas of serving you on the keyboard Will not be listening to radios are watching TV. Yeah, you should live so long and may not be worthy of the hurricane situation So the smart thing to do is like go get a bag of cheese burgers from Wendy's and go door to door among all your Jewish Orthodox Jewish neighbors Counting on the door saying the her or gene is college units coming in through the achiever is a bacon cheese burgers right at him and dear them to eat him wait To lack the sundown. I'm gonna go to the lead him could you turn on a nice bacon cheese burger? Oh wait And eight o'clock this morning the center of hurricane gene was located in your right at two 26.1 north Longitude 72.0 west or about 250 miles east of great abacol island of the north western Bahamas seen is moving toward the west near eight miles an hour although for more. I'm looking on the infrared radar on there in the loop the loop You look it looks like it's already starting a little bit of a west north West even you said that right But we don't want to say that because the hurricane center don't agree They say it's moving toward the west near eight miles an hour and this motion is expected to continue with some increase in forward speed to invite 24 hours This motion covering the center of gene near the north west in Bahamas tomorrow Maximum sustain winds your 100 miles an hour with higher gusts Some slow-fracting is possible very much for our center. There is right now. It's a cat too They're saying by that time it makes landfall. It might be a cat catcher Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 45 miles an hour from the center of conference room for Fursments extend outward up to 140 miles The estimated minimum central pressure nine hundred and sixty nine millivars which is you know not not super great But it's still dangerous nasty So it's up to you. You know the ball is in your court do whatever you want to govern yourselves accordingly And I'm not gonna say it's gonna do this. It's gonna that because we just don't know but if the present time it looks like the eye Mike I'm not gonna sing right right I'm not gonna say it is a Buddhism because as irresponsible and of course you're weather people many of them are irresponsible That's why we like good old Don though because he's rationally's calm He doesn't try to move it around with his hand and the hurricane either Okay, here's the poor result from yesterday Who was most of blame for the dolphins sorry as team? I wouldn't put the word as in there because number one choice would have been upset number two That would have been like a shot and we don't want to pick on them while they're down to wait for 1912 votes they've once died. It is the one state era and obviously most of you are not too pleased with that It's the ones that error right the one set error is upon you 647 votes he wins hands down your pants I don't give a Schmidt not a 396 It'll care about the freaking dolphins about the NFL about football about any of these things or maybe their friends of another team H1 highs in the 294 the offensive line 145 I hate the dolphins Ricky Williams hundred and two smoking the newspaper and I was straight at this morning No, how are David it and by the way speaking I'm all though. Don't do it. Don't do it. I'm like Paulie in the godpot I got luck for a set mouth to do well when you think that there's a Oh, I'm not sure Kind of something like that. He'll be really stupid. I'm going to be doing those great dolphin broadcast for a very for girls team Let's see We've done a new update here. Oh, that's right the big news. I don't want to do it Okay, let me finish the pool. No Howard David in 98 rich girl man. There's real likes of the general manager Who doesn't know what football from Mahalafa in 98? GFever 16 he knows his hall of competence about it. It agey touchy feeling only five they can't play him because he's just a big up punk You know, they're gonna blame him Clarence says Hank will be on until 630 tonight The crow will be on 630 to 7 now I'm looking at the schedule again the game I see because the pregame is a seven or five game the marlins at the braves in fact last night's lost to the Phillies was at 98 That's right very sad day. They're going out in a kind of a sour note here, but you know, every ever so good season again There was no reason to be all night this made enough said it would be nice for them to make the wild card again for those people with care about baseball Which I don't but nevertheless, but they gave it a pretty good run and they just ran out of gas like stevely Dan and the marlins at the braves 735 so let me right who cares about that anyway Clarence, you know the most important thing is the humpers back I'm happy back why don't you down the streets okay and error of young keeper no less Oh, you know what well, but it's still September somewhat time is sundown Well, I don't know The tank hey, let's go get out there safely otherwise. I'll turn you like a pumpkin or something And we would want that to happen to special the first day back now. What a big pumpkin he could make you know what man There'd be a lot of unhappy pocket all staff anyway We got very jackass rights to come today. We got to him. Sorry rights to calm Here's today's pool I did the pool right. Yes, I'm before we do that we got all go kabrina on the eveded curtain today I know a lot of you horny guys out there every day that's the most important thing on our website Which is unfortunate because we do have some great articles on there and maybe you might have somebody read him to you someday But we had all the kabrina with gigantic humongous That pair and she's a model she's a bikini model. She's a magazine model She made no movie. She didn't do none of them. Although she made me make him some other kind of a reason I'm sure that you'd like to get a hold of those you'll see this for what you see them right for having a big big set Anyway, here's the pool question What's your all-time favorite bokeh Brian comedy bid will try to play as many of Ms. McKinney Which will kill some great time. I think we think My kids and good calls too like the one online six WQAM hello Yeah, neatly speaking Neil hey, I love you show. I got a great story for you about your boy George George the the week before You Cames the the money you came back you have a conversation with George about Howard and how they kept stopping on his show and you could just listen to The Fives and you could hear it right and George into remember that conversation God George was over you and kissing your here here here Bob and I called George the week before With the same stuff and George was totally backing The station and we have a terrible will get signed and All right, right Well, we wouldn't get signed. He's right about that. But we're fine. Oh, we're fine So what's the point is like a spy report you're tattling on George grow up pal grow up Okay, here's the pull question what's your all-time? That's something to one call I picked up there And so you're a guy who's still trying to act like a 10-year-old. No, I just I can't You were good George the vision is when did that net over Paul Casino was still another bit from you guy Yeah, I love all the body. I'm actually that cash to nobody and I'm there's why the man got really quick I don't think was that beer thing at all when you quit a cash your no was a oh, man Can you imagine the stench? Anyway, what's your all-time favorite book of Brian comedy But now I made a list to get started here. Now. Do you and the other ones down here also because I fact's I get the whole list of Josh there? Well, let me just take a look Well, you know, we also put book of Brian blows for those people with no sense of humor and no taste. Oh, you don't have all of my hair at all I'll get a moment. Let's go to the food show that. Oh, I see the food from how he's yesterday Thanks to how he's we love them there on 441 somewhere Yeah, I think we're gonna say we're all was reaching for the I don't think you give them enough for credit. I know we just got all money They feed that for as long as I can remember now going back I don't know I don't think they were around when the worst thing was there. Who's your bring the food all that's right? It was our and what's his name? Yes From Atlantic City steps in Hollywood based to bring a tons of food in the morning and what's his name? We're gonna see so how he got always brought food in today Said about how he's just brought in just tons of food and of course bad Zach who's over with Joe rose now on 790 on the ticket Which very Jackson seems to be very fond of at any rate Zach used to just hit I mean unbelievably and the beast Right and then mold would come out and get all indignant if some that that's for me there You shouldn't be touching that that's for me. You can get all been on the shape of a poor Gilbert What's your all-time favorite book of Brian comedy bit and there's so many because lately he's been so great I figure it's kind of like a a little tribute to old chicken neck Okay, but broke a brand blows for those of you who don't like him and just do those You know we have nothing but contemporary but you got a chance to cause you're all when negative those people Marty Feldman eyes by by guilty More temple and guilty Stevens president Dumshmit speaking in tongues We got him weapons and mass destruction which is a classic for the ages my religion is better than your religion Virgin Mary Nazi party see you when the showers screw us again Ivana's graduate par baby and Cecil's lament. That's a pretty good start Do you think that's a good start? I mean you and the newest that screw us again and see you in a shower those edges There's so good that you just absolutely have to shake your head and the mazeman say this man must be somewhere in the middle of that very bizarre Parenthesis and underneath there were above that chicken neck. There must be a brain somewhere a bit of a four secular humanist What's that? That's my favorite book of Brian bit. I don't even I never heard of such a fassure. It's great secular humanist pink Find out I don't mind way I don't but boys I don't Raps of feelings That's what I'm talking to me And I don't I don't know I don't know I don't know I'm up That you know You better see I don't See the thing there was almost let it go and I mean you've done for two yeah, I don't think I know because but he there was enough of a Mild joys woman I'm a shank you I'm not a fairy tale but this room Don't go I'm a whole dynamic Some boys are bigger Kids find Back them and our whole sun Past your back And some dread You're the blue I'm up Seek you know I'm up Seek you know You better see That's what you do Sack you know The K.O.T Take the snow Hos白 Vose якet I can't go see that up over the weekend. You're rid of that one GD that was done by there. There should be all upset about that. And for those of you how externalist there's you Mr. I'm really fantastic, farce there for the end of the show. He's listening to say you didn't hear him, but I get there. I mean, we heard of the pre-delay and we all get the Josh and George. And I will get to hear all the farting sounds that you have to get bleaked out. Or those of you who listen to it on the other station, which I can't say that well. Twenty-be-four, eleven at five, sixteen WQM and right now Armstrong Ford Holmes did want to clear their loss and sell off all remaining old forers. Here are just some of the great deals with you, and old for F-150 pick up just a dollar of windboys. New old for explorers you pay only a buck of windboys, rangers, combat, toruses and focuses. Hope his focuses are all waiting for you, which is the buck of windboys only. At Armstrong Ford Holmes said, Well, Armstrong Ford offers more value to you, the Royal customers when you buy your Ford from Armstrong Ford, you'll still get that exclusive tires and batteries for like program. That's right, tires and batteries for life. The value to get Armstrong Ford doesn't stop there either because right now you get a free Florida sun pass with any vehicle you buy. If you're priced for time, if you're busy putting up the fly wouldn't the shutter no-anstuff, Armstrong Ford knows you're time as valuable so give a call at 305-247-51-12 and chop right over the phone. They'll even deliver that new vehicle right here wherever you're hanging out. Armstrong Ford Holmes did their local loan and operated. They'll feature like family you love doing business with them. And I guarantee you won't get a better deal on the Ford nowhere. No-how. No bait and switch, no phone, it deals just the best treatment going anywhere. At Armstrong Ford Holmes did 307-25-16 highway, this 20 minute south of the A36. Check them on the web at ArmstrongCars.com. Travel a little and save big cash on that new Ford only at Armstrong Ford Holmes. You're watching the old russies. There's a exclusive one by six and seven in the air. Are you drugs patron? Yeah. When is the telepathic Nazi? Oh, who's at the money from the study? Oh, okay, guys, I said my little brat. Oh, boy, we've been a jetter that's nasty. Oh, we're going to call the telepathic Nazi. No, look at the lane. That is a presidential sign. Who doesn't have to run? No one else is on a win. He might as well just go right in. Take more. Take more. Take more. Take more. Take more. Take more. He hasn't told the screw me with horn with nothings ass. So look out on you, dudes. Oh, it's ready for the gas. He's the telepathic Nazi. Oh, dude, my kid will rise from where I need. Oh, my kid, the telepathic Nazi. Oh, baby, the lane. Oh, baby, the lane. Well, he's a very wealthy dude. With very, very few. With a very big dude. By the next year we'll always grow. Take more. Take more. Take more. Take more. Take more. And he's fucking with that guy. He's against fighting with me. Why do you think they call it silver? The Coriolini race. Give it to the other. I think that'd be. Oh, come on. Take care. Take care. Take care. Oh, yeah, he's a telepathic Nazi. Oh, man, the lane. Oh, man, the lane. Come on. Let's go, step. Come on, they don't. Let's go. Let's go. Got that under telehassy Nazi? We got it there. It's good. I don't know right away. Well, even just if it's it's great, but even if only just for that line, nobody doesn't call it a goober in a totally way. I mean, who else? What other chicken at the Luminati? The real thing in my produce. Oh, my God. It's unbelievable. Anyway, oh, joy hammer is back. Now that headline. I realize Jim's already don't write the headlines, but that sounds almost sarcastic to me. Let's say I'm not much going to have for, okay? Jim's already writes today. Hank Goldberg went into an unhappy fan on the street last week. There's no joy in the afternoon since Goldberg's suspension to fan told the partners for itself. Sure, host. Here up says, sorry. It's time to smile on the lap again. Goldberg's vacation finally ended yesterday. The hopper will be back on the air for this afternoon. Thank God, man. Thank you. Good. WQN came to its senses and lifted its foolish suspension. Oh, oh, I'm circle in that. I'm going to put this up on the wall. I'm going to put it in key rooms everywhere. WQN came to its senses and lifted its foolish suspension. I just want to work against it, Goldberg, who was suspended for a march about Marlon Sonorja, for Loria's marital situation, and it's possible impact on the team's finances. I enjoyed the eight week self with pay, but I got a lot of money. Goldberg was the highest rated sports show in the market at WQN General Manager Greg Reed discussed the situation yesterday. I clarify for him that I was reporting a story and I had no axe to run with anybody Goldberg said, while Goldberg was gone, 790 ESPN radio and they did with Van LaBaster in the afternoon round slot, a show that's top heavy with TADSPN guests. I'm sure we lost some audience, but hopefully they'll come back Goldberg said along with a fun. My job is to bring back to joy. I'm not a copper, sir. And very jackass, right? And the lunch is here all this morning, where he's got a very just all over the place, man. I bet he's got three brown bags today, not. Hank Goldberg, well, says the headline, Goldberg returns to talk radio. Hank Goldberg's eight week hiatus is over the long time. WQN talks your host's head, he'll be back on the air today. After being reinstated from suspension during a Thursday lunch meeting with General Manager Greg Reed, I didn't know that the offer ate suit, you know? We had a cordial conversation said Goldberg who was suspended August 2 for comments about Marlon's owner Jeffrey Loury's, Marital situation in Potential Impact on the stadium deal. Our understanding is I'm not going to talk about why I was suspended, we'd want to put it behind us. I expressed to him I was disappointed with the length of this suspension and not knowing what was going on. I don't want to go back with hard feelings, said the Humphor. Goldberg was vented to WQN since 1992 said Reed will not try to restrict what he says. He didn't ask me to sign anything. Goldberg's contract expired nicely, we got some very bad information on this from people around the station, if they know something and they'll know that's squat. I've tried to tell you a long time ago that his contract ran to the end of the year that's what I've heard and I was for once in my life right, his contract expired as December 31. We told him he wants to get to that in a couple of weeks. Asked if he wants to stay at WQN long term Goldberg's city doesn't know, we'll see how it goes said the Humphor. It returns it for this afternoon in Tachalore. If it mowes on mothballs for the time being and preparing course for another, this would dolphin game this weekend. 790 very right CSPN radio is proved to be a formidable competitor in WQAM. How do we know that? If we get to that so, all I see, the station has had numerous marquee guests including Jimmy's Johnson, Gary Schifffield, Buds Seelyed Pat Riley, Grant Hill and Mark Cuban all on the Dan LaBancer show and Dan Reno on Joe Rose's program. We go point it out why he's kissing up to them and my Zan LaBancer show. That's why Zan LaBancer, of course, is from the heroes. It's in Sestu, we're staying there. How guarantee a very great, he may cut your off pretty soon. If he keeps sucking up to Dan LaBancer, Grant may be talking to Jim Sarny pretty soon. You may be, oh, how about the thing is? O-T-L. Anyway, he also writes which I find someone amusing. Channel 10 Sports Dam Live, which already was in need of major repairs received a huge blow this week, when Jim managed to revive his an offshoot of beergate. If you missed it, present and paid beer the sponsor of the program was offended managed with drinking honey, can after the show. Oh, I thought for sure that we might as well. There, Channel 10 asm added to a piece of sponsor, man, it's quite. He told them, up yours with a, up your nose with a glass hose. WPLG, in very sense, there's no business trying to influence what man it does on his own time and president Taylor's petty by making an issue of it. Man to city wasn't happy about the direction of the show and it's overboarded, tend to appeal to casual fans, WPLG is subjected us to a few and mindless segments, including a weekly feature in which the outcome of the Monday and football game is predicted based on what, what food bowl a dog runs to. Oh, well, and of course he'd even mention the fact that cash for robas on it, which is not to make anybody bar for including the dog. So there's all the business. Let's see, here's a fact that says Neil. I fear you may lose some of your younger listeners earlier in your show. If I'm like most athletes, we're listening to 103.1 to get the entire Howard Stern show. QAan butchers the show so much it's un-listenable. He said it's un-listenable. And as a double-wami, 103.1 has a decent contemporary rock format, better than any format in Miami. No matter where we're missing your opening, we're hearing some good music. Well, that's really a bit, isn't it? Yeah, well. Well, I get paid the same either way. I appreciate your concern, it's said we're in so on, but we'll give ourselves accordingly. How's the poll coming on the Book of Brian Bits? Bob, I'd better get with it. I got a whole bunch of them to play with us three hours through. There's John Kerry, which was not a terrorist haven before the invasion. You tell him, John. Anyway, here's the deal. What's your all-time favorite Book of Brian, but President Damesmith's 23. What's the most destruction, which is just a brilliant piece to be planted as every radio station in American Tampa. Marty Feldman eyes eight, Ivana Scratchwood, seven my religions, seven mothevel and guilty Steven's five, Book of Brian blow is five idiots say that. Five people would absolutely notice. Car bay, we've even had four, speaking in tongues three, by by Gildi's got three, we got him two, and one for tele-hassie Nazi secular humanist things about one. Seasons them at one. Nazi party, one forging, very one. Scrooces again and see when the showers don't have any after brand new and I guess they're catching out of that. Even though so far. Maybe you think we, at least people are going to call him with other suggestions because we can scroll through to these C.S. They'll find out. WQA and hello. Good morning sir. Yes sir. Is it allowed to put that you can no longer play? Sure. Absolutely. About the rest of the tuition song and Condolese. Okay, we'll probably. Okay. He got the name. Yeah, he got the name. Well, this guy knows this stuff obviously. He's a real little character. The rest of the tuition song, Condolese. And I always say Condolese were talking about the unesqueraded version. Because if it's the other one, the other one I wouldn't even put on the poll because it's just do. I mean, what can you do? It's a parody of a parody. Right. Speaking of that, anti-catch of comments draw fire from hines. So I told you a strange New York is putting hines catch up on a burger tantamount to supporting John Kerry for president. Oh my God. An upstate New York lawmaker who has obviously too much time on his hands. Evidently think so. Republicans say to send him in Jim Tsavisco recently told a crowd a day GOP cookout in Ceratoa County that using hines catchable benefit carries presidential campaign. But Democratic Senator from Massachusetts is married to Teresa Heinz Kerry whose late husband was at a send him a kind of a giant spounder as we all well know. The H.J. Heinz company called Win of Tsavisco's comments and resplotted saying, it's catch up is a nonpartisan kind of an enjoyed by Republicans' Democrats in independent society. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well they don't want to line up like French fries. It's got a political bent. They don't want to line up like French fries in front. They don't want to be toast French fries or otherwise. The company says Heinz Kerry is involved with Heinz funded in Dalmatz and foundations, but the company's catch up not the company's catch up business. Nevertheless, the discol says he's a mustard man until the November election. I'd be like that. Oh I sure hope he's not using French's. Wouldn't that be bad. It's not like he's silly as whites. I thought you guys haven't done any mental from joy yet, so I guess as white is okay. And probably a good idea too every now and then. Here's some bad news. Well let's take a few more calls. Get some more names on the poll. WQA and hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah. Great. Okay great. WQA and hello. How about a punk VFCP? Oh I like that. But that's not him. Oh it's that? No. There's a lot of words. I think he's a couple of facts is suggesting that's that art is also. I mean we understand that thing. Right. We know how to know what to do. What? And saying what? Which ones? Oh I threw a boy right. Oh. The word is. They were even close to you. President Bush is open. Oh I'm open. Let me forget. Kevin. Can I take a peek at it right now? No. Oh man. Look at that mess on the york. You can smell it. Mizziddy miles around. Even worse than some of those cruise ships, Mickey Erickson's running. At least the arctic and catch on fire and I don't think anybody got raped at it. All of us in America were all the manimials on there. Want to beat you a sex? Let's say uh... Gene Aming had Florida and we have the 11 o'clock advice. There it is. Nice job. Thank you. Let's see. Hurricane Warnings and effect for the North Western Bahamas, including the Abacos and Rosalind. Barry Islands. Demony. It loops right in the Great Baham Island and New Providence. Hurricane Watson effect along the east coast of Florida from Florida City to St. Augustine. Hurricane Watch means that Hurricane conditions possible in the Watch air in the next 20 to 36 hours. A tropical storm warning in effect for the Central Bahamas, including Cat Island, the Azuma Zulma, Long Island, Rum Kay and San Salvador. Interest elsewhere in the Florida Peninsula should closely monitor the process of the Banson machine. We're minded also from some of the night to some down the Saturday is a young Kippur Selam Jewish holiday. Some of your Jewish neighbors in the Watch and Warning areas of serving young Kippur will be uh... what? Well, the way listening to videos of watching TV and may not be aware of these situations and not coming or not so many of the trade food. Oh, I can't eat anyway. And looking to talk this morning, Senator Hurricane G located in the Atlantic to a lot of 26.2 north. Longitude 72.4 west ore about 290 miles east of Great Emecola Island. Moving toward the west at nine miles an hour, most expected to continue with a slight increase in forward speed the next 24 hours. This motion could bring the center of gene near north-western Bahamas on Saturday. Next month's sustained winds near 100 miles an hour with higher gusts, some slow strengthening possible during the next 24 hours. Hurricane Force Windsor stand outward up to 45 miles from the center. Estimated minimum central pressure is 969 millibars. Got it? Got it. And during the break, I'm going to take a few kids that's a tracking map, which is on our website by the way, or still going to find job on it. Interview 5 and 11 AM and an PM when they change the attacking map we got it on there. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the new Roger. Welcome to the ... young families in reach Fucking gorgeous a special video that lives near点 Yill Spy I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not an bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a big guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl I'm a girl, I'm a girl I'm a girl, I'm a boy, I'm a snake in the water And it's made up to me And it's made up to me No one around is for nothing You write about it, but it's made up to me How the hell do you want to be? I'm not a girl, I'm a girl, I'm a girl I'm a girl, I'm a girl I'm a girl, I'm a girl You're a little handsome, you're a double or triple's transfer I got some fantastic news, the Humper Returns at 4 to 7th noon 6 to 30, because we don't want to turn them into a girl when the sun goes down And number 2, I have some good news and bad news The bad news is that I had a message on my answering machine last night And I was like, I came home The rumors are in to me That's the bad news That's the bad news, I wasn't here And that's a good news Oh, yeah, we left off the pole Which I'm shocked that you didn't remember this Oh, the pole fell I didn't know I was going to get along there What did you look like? You look like a public son I didn't know that was pretty exciting Yeah, it's the only thing you can go to get along It's really a real big boy And that's what I like about the Oka And I thought, how many E-girls on their business wall I don't know where they say Oka And there's a big one on it, as a whole That's what I want, he could go to Oka And then there's a lot of hope for Oka And the big, you're a big race You should take these delicacies And I thought, I want to go to Oka Please, I don't do that I've been a double-gear loser We've been for a billion years And being rude I thought, I like it, I don't know that I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka I don't know where they say Oka There's lots of diamonds There's lots of diamonds There's lots of diamonds There's so many diamond diamonds That's a good idea Good to hear man, one of them. Oh, those are crazy. We have a sitting on a bench and tell Ray on here Nobody don't because that's so that was big for like a betterly huge Yeah We're gonna be playing like two three four these at a time over here. Love the 30 we got those rating trends come up Does anybody care? Oh, no, not really those I rating trends I don't think guys are gonna be very good on this show because we're dropping off with all different steel We're dropping off a huge made there so unless you had a giant gang of got which is possible But you were kicking some serious butt That's what might be helpful make yeah President and Bush speaking of butt has opened a slightly over Senator John Kerry and Florida But the race store means within the marginal era 40 days before they left you quite away See you then USA today Gallup pull release yesterday keep in mind the Gallup part where they likely interview a lot of Republicans in about two Democrats The poll also found that Republicans in the Sun trans state more and too The issue about voting this year the Democrats now that to me is just how is that possible? How is that possible they screwed you over the first and they stole a freaking election We've got all this insanity go and I'm allies up the old Yen Yang and oh brother But voters were overall less optimistic about economic conditions that it would in July before three hurricanes better to stay and now a fourth Yesterday's pulled in Florida was the fourth CNN USA that they gallop ballad rounds state full release this week Bush also led another three states here, wait I a one-of-an-an west Virginia Also yesterday to other full show Bush opening a significantly another swing state Wisconsin which went Democratic four years ago That is just shocking to me up the terrace. Yeah Among likely voter survey Am I likely voter surveyton Florida 49% said they supported Bush 46 theory and two percent still keep claim to that old clean on Ralph Nader that is just amazing to me and Even your naval length is more vibrant than Ralph Nader Among registered voters 47% shows Bush 45 made a carry and two for a nativelets in Florida emerging mirror plus and minus four points. It'll be as tight and of course unfortunately Nader will be on a valid and Florida after the states Supreme Court last week turned on the challenge to his candidacy brought on by the Democrats another Florida pulled a came out through is accounted by Quinnipiac University showed a larger lead for Bush It would register voters 49 41 with made a red five percent all my God wow And of course it makes sense because nasty about their phases about the Florida economy 41% of the respondents said it was Excellent or good down from 51% in July and the latest full 57% in economy was only fair compared with just 47% in July So make sense that Bush is going to biggerly not on it not As in As if they were born to Ziestic they knew you're about voting this year is the bizarre news 63% of Republican said yes compared with just 56% of Democrats I mean the Democrats you should have been 99 and 9th percent to be following if I'm up he should be Cline and at the door to get out to go vote 42% Democrats said they were not born to Ziestic they knew you're compared with 37% of Republicans who also Tell that way Yati Adi Adi Bush has leading Iowa was out court hearing 2000 marked an unlucky ship for carry The Hawkeye state was where the Massachusetts Center revives founder in campaign during January's Democratic prison Cochises and it consists on that Bush and the polls until the convention in West Virginia Bush had a lead among Likely voters 51 to 45 when they were getting less than half a one percent among registered voters It was a 51 for bush 42 for carry and a to a 2% and it just goes on in Nevada Bush 52% of likely voters were carry 43 and a to with one much closer among registered voters with bush of 48 K46 and a to with two So obviously there's a whole thing is gonna buy you a get in the vote out, baby. That's where it's at And 80 seems full Wisconsin and Bush with 53 carry 43 and either 1% with likely voters among registered voters in Wisconsin ABC's full 50% for bush 44 carry and 2% for native. I'll wake up there scary carry Wake up Monovac and a head okay This is actually all common sense. Well, there you go Oh man, does he tell the like it is or what? Pretty scary Okay, so we're gonna apply a lot of bulk of brand stuff. They so far on the pool Which it gives us a chance to especially what all you people out there doing your hurricane stuff I'm running around again with a plywood in the shoulders. It must be getting pretty ponderous and old I'm looking out to window here and it's sunny. It's beautiful, man It is just lovely doing a cloud in the sky. There's no rain inside the forecast Let's see sunny and like pretty an Indian summer. I'm sure today this like yesterday 29 what's that about 83 84 something like that sunny and 75 tomorrow sunny on in 60 and on Sunday and sunny in 73 and Toronto on Monday It looks beautiful. I know can't throw a less those Toronto weather reports because I'm out of touch Touched his paw you idiot and by the way, you're the real reason bad dog at off that choice in Paris to be in the same platform with your fan asked Anyway, what's your all-time favorite book of Brian comedy, but it'll be telling me about Hanksfad ass mad dog is proud to be on the show with Hanksfad ass, okay, then I will catch an over President of Tumishment 45 calm a leez it 25 weapons of astrption 22 e Bonis graduate 19 my religion is better near religion 18 Marty Feldman I eyes 15 Most people of Yeldy Stevens eight Booker Brian blows eight eight people got the gold to say that Pick it on old chicken neck Bye bye, Galdi seven tar baby fast weekend and tongues four tell a hat seeing nice and not these got three sitting on a bench in Delray two We got him's got a pair one for the rest of two since on one for a secular humanist pick that was George's vote Cecil's a net one Nazi party one the Virgin Mary's got one the bulk of song don't have any Oh my god, how we've lost an IOD audience, you know what? Yeah, wow, and I've just got one. Well, just one on there and screws against you in the shower Don't have any because they're brand new you've got to get with it 194 vote 11 13 a QAM I'm kidding But I'm going to do it Yeah I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I'm going to do it I missed because I still don't do that I challenge you I'm going to do this Like I said before I was going to do it And the clouds got another man Yet the boat of this type of bed That just below my room is a million All of them come to the place And the sea goes as fast as it And the sea goes as fast as it is And the sea goes as fast as it is And the sea goes as fast as it is We ain't done a great way of doing it And the ocean goes with your moon And the clouds burst along And the sky goes with the moon And the sea goes as fast as it is And the sea goes as fast as it is We ain't done a great way of doing it And the sea goes as fast as it is We ain't done a great way of doing it And the sea goes as fast as it is Make the last seven percent ground pack. So yesterday that congressional lawmakers are closely dealing with significantly raised the maximum finally FCC may impose against broadcasters, and violence is in decency regulations. Oh my god! In particular, Brown-back set and amendment offer by Senator Bywin Durbin to re-institute the FCC's old media ownership rules will likely be dropped. Huh. Right is reports that legislators are now hoping to add the indecency legislation will not come in defense spending bill, which could be signed by President Bush sometime before the end of this year. The Senate in June passed to bill over to Chris Binespa as much as 275 grand for the first incident with a pro-day maximum penalty of $3 million. The House of Representatives approved legislative bill as much as much as $500,000 per violation, both the House and Senate persons will require the FCC to consider license revocation for any station that violates the indecency rules through your more times. Three strikes in your out. How do you like that? How about any Brazilian dollars each time? Right. How about each time you play a fart sound, $45 a trillion, sounds reasonable to me? Right. Body of missing sirloin executive found fraud and you know, this is so perfect. This story, well, this is amusing. I mean, I guess it wasn't a him. I know what he was named, but he's certainly his famous for their frozen goodies and some of the stuff is nothing but because nobody will like sirloin, but I guess in this case they made a mix-section. There's always one exception. Seabirds, sever real Tennessee. I don't know how you say that. Some of us are a place. Of course, if it's in Tennessee, it's got to be a bizarre place. Every tad, certainly executive missing since he met with a couple of our bang his SUV was found dead yesterday. Frozen and erected storage unit. The couple was arrested in much federal authorities believe was a bungled car jacking. James Dale Cockman, 71 of Greenville South Carolina, had been missing since September 14, the day he was to meet David Wendell, Aden's and Jennifer in that hallway. I missed that thing. Authorities believe Cockman, there would, again, may have suffocated from duct tape that Aden's duty for in a hallway, 27 used to cover his mouth and autopsy he will be for form. The interpretation I have right now is that his death was an accident. The Arjo Clark, especially as you can charge the FBI office in Knoxville, said Newt News Time Princess today, Eden's in hallway were taken in the custody of their real smokey mountain, so many charged with car jacking. The appeared in federal court yesterday in Knoxville being held by U.S. Marshals. Additional charges for kidnapping and possibly for murder were expected. Clark said, state kidnapping charges filed in South Carolina. Cockman was last seen by her cup of coffee to convenience during the or parking lot. We were supposed to meet a couple. The interest in his 1996 DMC suburban. The Eden's in hallway gave him a $100 deposit of the day before and were to pay him the remaining $8400 the next day. An statement of authorities, Holloway said she had Eden's medical appointment for the community suburban, praised duct tape over his mouth and drove directly to their home. When they got there they realized their victim was dead. Clark said in the C-Rabil, Mr. Eden's put him in a deep reason to the body to a storage facility where it was lifted there. We don't know why. Clark said the FBI was able to identify Holloway's cell phone number track it to C-Rabil. Authorities obtained a search warrant where to the couple's home. Clark said Eden's refused to talk to authorities who recovered cockman suburban at the home. Holloway had only a Mr. Meena arrest for shoplifting and forged checks and repaste. Eden's criminal history was unknown. Cockman became chairman and chief executive of Cerellese PYA Marathon vision 85 and became chairman of Cerellese Food Service before returning in 1992 and then moving to the Deep Threes. The other Cerellese product, huh? Go but you don't like Cerellese? It sounds like an accident to me, don't you say? Must have been. And they didn't want to kill him. They just wanted to muzzle up a little bit. You know, take this a vermin, that's all. And of course he just happened to die on him, dammit. I hate when that happened. I'm sure he was smart as he was done and then he had to dump his ass into the trees for crying out loud. For Christ's sake. Can I say that? Oh, for sick. President and dumbish with me and we're going to have to play that after the break. And also the even companies which they're talking to original month, let's play that too, the original one, not. Uh, weapons of master instruction 24 favorite poker Brian bit of all time. He bought a scratch with 22 my religious better year was in 22. So I mentioned L.A. 18, Marty Feldman I 17. So many, I just unbelievable. Unbelievable, but 251. Then of course we got 10 smart asses out there. So can Brian blows. Sure, listen to me. We need to see the brothers. They exclusively are five to two in the field. That's my junior honey. So glad. All the hard work. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. I've been a part of the world. What did you want this? Don't fall, don't miss, come and sleep in me Don't fall, don't fall, don't miss, come and sleep in me Please, present it up There's no care what it's all You gotta live by hook or hook or hook or press your arms Don't fall, don't miss, you without a hook or hook Please, not a great leader With President's up What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? You're supposed to be the only thing that would be the same You'll be the only thing that would be the same Hang on Make it a new one Roll, roll, roll, roll Roll, roll I'll lie song. 235-60WCM John Kerry just gave a stimulating unbelievable speech in Philadelphia standing elevation, understanding of issue when he finished. I thought Joe Biden was going to give a little deep throw action there was unbelievable. It was browsing. I thought he was going to kiss him right on lips and move a tongue action as well. Anyway, now it really was. He even built Schneider on CNN. He certainly knew that he knew that we're said that he didn't talk about his Vietnam service and about his war record would happen 30 years ago. They finally found his voice. And one of the great things he did was he said, if he's a president, he's going to hold these Saudis responsible for funding international service and put the blame or read it along. So as opposed to the Bush might do in his good buddy, banned our Bush and all those schmothands who would have. He's not on their payroll. Now, here's a fact that you just saw me do the promo here. Look for the Q and Vandanaite, seven-nine, three hooters in K and B. Seven and nine, nine. Hooters in K and B will stop by to win. The fact that he cheats prizes, that's all we got. And enjoy specials on President the imported beer. That's just seven-nine to K and B hooters and joined George tomorrow, new to two adult side of Elizabethian, David. Go by and see him, especially if you're like one of the chronics like the godwadayai's, the Fanny Pack Eye. Stop by to win prizes in the air free food from Atlantic City. Subans were our were used to make the difference, but we don't know who's there now, but the food's great. Get there early before the employees all hop up the free food. And even if you're somebody on Kippard, I'm all well. I'll just sneak in your bag and you're sad. Collect the pickles at the grass allows. This space you sent me is just so amusing. It's so typical of a soft Florida. Alex R. Nagable says, I love the new line of of certain rages. Well, more can you ask for the top two personalities on radio back to back can't be beat. So you think that Alex is a happy camper, right? Well, guess what? Then he goes on to say something really ridiculous. I think both shows can learn from each other. I'm sure that after it has been a change in show dramatically, probably starting on Monday, so they can emulate. See, over the years I've heard it, I just just just learned what I've been there. There is so little relations between the show and Howard Stern show that it's staggering. It isn't pretty good cross over there, thank goodness, between listeners. But they're not at all the same show. Right, different. We're just great because who wants first of all, I went to problem. We had all sports on this station 80s and an hour a day. It's all the same thing, Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and all of this crap. Anyway, I said, I think your stories are very informative, but you should read them like Robin reads the news. Short and simple. Give you audience the gist of the story and then discuss it. This way you can get through more articles and keep us interested at the same time. This is America. Don't forget about the average attention span of your listeners. Let me just say this about that. As somebody I know would say. First of all, I don't read long long stories that are four or five six pages. A lot of times I'll say to you, I'll read a couple of paragraphs and say, it's a long story. You'll find it on our website. Go read it. Read the whole thing. Number two, I can't imagine like Marine Dows column that I read the other day. I can't imagine reading just a little part of that and then just leaving it hanging there. Well, what's the point? Like a teaser. Right. In addition, let me just say this to you. Okay, I do the show the way I want to do the show. This is what makes this show unique. There is not another show in this country that's even anything at all like this show. It's not another Howard Stern wannabe. It's not another morning zoo show which there are 80 million those shows. It's a unique show and I am very happy with the way I do the show. I have no problem with it. I enjoy it. Okay. We could copy a format just by taking all the clocks out of the studios. And evidently, the audience though it seemed to be having too much problem because we continue kicking ass and since these starts out by saying the two top radiatiati can't be beat. Many says, is that that isn't enough to make you just scratch your head that whole in your head. This is, I think you'll start the show near every time you play a canned comedy song. It takes time away from you. Because there really need for this terminal comma inducing. I think you might be in coma, coma inducing some priorities after each break. Again, likes the show. I would be likes about it. I have no idea. But he wants me to be Robin Quiver. Well, I'm not quite that, I was going to say a little bit more birthday. Got you. Not really Quiver. Yeah, very good. I'm doing the Roger show. I'm not doing the Howard Stern wannabe show. I'm not doing Robin Quiver show. I'm not doing the Alex and Coral cables wannabe show. By the way, something. Plus numbers. You want me to wait for the many team plus. I don't know. You can wait for life. You got some already? Yeah, I got the 12 plus. How do they look on paper? I haven't actually looked at them. I just have to stack. Why don't you take a little look at them? I mean, see, the problem is every time you've fast me something. Now, when I print my stories out, I'm going to have to have my printer first to get new one. But every time you fast me something, or the second blank page, you remember you have been there? When I print something out, that doesn't have the only way to get a fax. So every page that you fax me is going to call, I mean, you're not going to still save the paper, but just going to be a pin in the ass. The 12 plus overall, the main number is down to 10 to the point from the 24 to a 22. The 12 plus number, the 12 plus number. Well, okay, well, let's see what I might be. Because we got this show had a gigantic may in the afternoon. I think had a pretty good may too. Now, let me just take a peek. It's not in season interest in all this technical stuff. Oh, morning, it might be okay because morning said that big July, when they little blog was still on and now we get a little, I just a little touch of the stir mice around there in the mornings. Yes, we were flat. Uh-huh. And he was not long enough to have an impact in this particular case. But after noon's are going to be dropping off a pretty damn good may, and then we are going to have all a June and a July that you wouldn't wish on a total of a hunt. But at any rate, we'll see. Yeah, just wait till the men of the male members come in and rest a bit later on. Hey, Mark says a lot of book of all of book and Brian's fits are great. However, Colonel Glenn still gives me goosebumps due to content. Maybe I'm playable. Good job as always, George. His mark. Colonel Glenn? Yes, about him going up into space. No. So, a lot of heart sounds in America. Maybe. So, we'll take you word for Mark. It's not like you're working here in the park. Huh? It's based on what can hear you fart. Yeah, well guess what. Joyce, good to hear it. If anybody can hear it, it's her. Okay, in space at your place, she'll crack house wherever Joyce can hear it or just a dual crack. She can sniff it. She's like those cancer-snitting dogs. Why heard Robin got that serrat haven't here? But I heard that it because we knew who the very ass-image of the assertion show. But that fact's really just amuses me because you can't win on the one hand. Oh, you're just trying to be another Howard Sturgeon. You just threw the same stuff he is, which of course we don't never have. Or a number two, well gee, if you just learn from him, I don't want to do a he show. That's why we got he show one year, so you can enjoy 85 hours of it every day. And we're here to do our little thing afterward. Okay, we're doing just the fine. Oh, we're fine. I'm belly-looking about it. And I'll just get a life-arbety. We're going to play. I have no life. President Dumpshman, 65, your favorite poker-bryin comedy-bit. And as far as the comedy-bits, I love him. I don't know anybody who doesn't love him. And it's just ridiculous. They're great. We're not doing a light bulb radio here. I'm going to do a sitting here in a pacific gate for four hours of it. Of course not. Lighten up a little bit, shmuck. Puts. Why is it that all the crazy people seem to be in the game? I always judge show me the Rogers of mornings and we do. Yeah. I'm also wrong. I'm sorry. We are. We are. I took the clothes of the electronics. They say the future being right home, me. Now I can't get snowjaws. Because I have done got no little rifties. I've talking like an old thief, Rome. You might have to stop the houses. Wait. Now I can't do nothing. But I heard it say that, okay. Change my name to two, Rome. Drive a new set of colder, any kind of land. I remember when I was new in over by man's car hanging out tired. The building there falls, grind the blues down barbeque. But it was got so javazy inside. Pass. Photobomics will give my life a chase now. Pass. I screw in cell mode, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. Not even a ball in the song. If I want to make this sound fun, I've got snowjaws to do. Break their wits seat. Now I've got to make more money. They have a food, sounds good to me. I've got many unnothings. You've got to think it in me, and you will. Maybe I'll look at a whole white bitch. Steel of earth and full of hair. Then I go to take some money. My serio and the fridge are dead. I remember when I was new all the white man's cars hanging out tired. The building there falls, grind the blues down barbeque. But there was got no job moving in. My body body could keep my life a chase now. Got to go in cell mode, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to nomad people, too, with the cast that we sold him. First of a crescer nation and they only want that's going. Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going, forget about the rean. The new fairytales in that mess were right. We used to really get over and over it to our heads. And the rock has some patterns of past destruction. Three thousand people killed. I'm now forgotten, let's exploit them instead. There's oil to be tested. So I have to sit down to make NATO's slama. There's no longer mention of her name in law. But no one seems concerned of her being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel of administration. That control this by clear through me. I'm a lip-relation man, that's right. We just really didn't over and over and do our heads. And I beg that so. We have written some past destruction. Oh, my God. I'm tired of the ramps, the lost civil rights is enough. I said we're taken. We're a suspects now, not the ass dropped this city. I have nothing behind. They both walkers all are safe. I know media, and NATO does not have any reservations. Now it's revoked battle at the world of annihilation. Old regime's must-malt, and had a burden in the zone. With no objection at all. And the treks don't have the false ambalph. Right. We're dealing it over and over and do our great-washing. I racked up some weapons of past destruction. Only I racked up some weapons of past destruction. Love the 50 10 to 115, 60 WF. Look at what gets to mad dog. Oh, Ryan, returning it for from a high-endous, when high-endous road in plantation. It's the hopper hand-gold, we're good for. Still 60, what we got the crow. Reefly? Just for half an hour. I'm sure he can get in all kinds of goofball stuff in a half an hour. Marlon's on deck in 7, and Marlon's at the grace of 7.35. And then we got Tom Jika filling in for ready-cate tonight. Isn't that a perfect that hand comes back today and Tom Jikers on after the Marlon game for ready-cate. Don't you see a perlaler? No. I forgot to mention. I think that certain powers that be in that place, the ones who are showing up today, because they're not putting them up plywood or pretending to be, they had a committed kissier ass right now. See how you pull your pants down your knees and just bend over. See what their feels like lifts or a foot. I felt like a finger. Boy, I'm telling you they ought to kiss your ass. We're still number one and men, and the summer even though we dropped off the gigantic. We had a five six I extrapolated the month and men. Oh, so bad. Duff at a five or seven. So I'll take your word for it. But, Duff at a five seven. They'll take your arm. You're wrong, duh. And anyway, we'll take that. That sounds good. So we're still number one. Just barely edge that. A rodeo mumbee. So, they're still number two. We dropped a little bit from a six-five and a, a keep in line two things. The more one we had the gigantic spring book, we had the big May and number two. This is mostly Georgian, the summer book, and it's quite a ball of grief and crappy gets from certain people in the village. I don't want to mention no names, but the fact of the matter is we were still again for the second year in a row. Number one in men. Right, and of course this would be for a student, really even started. Doesn't reflect in here much of anything. You didn't fact me the three to seven men. There's some of us are reasons. I don't know. I'm back to what I'm getting. I'm a good person. I'm back to what I'm getting. Well, how come they didn't bring you the three to seven men? I'm not even reading these things as they bring no ice stuff in the machine. Well, somebody's really schoolin' a big time and all the things. I'll try to knock them out. And not only that, but if you didn't look at the 25, they didn't come out. They didn't come out. They didn't come out. We'll see you later. When you listen to me, please. When you've got a lunch charge? Bye. The... Well, certainly, I'd say, oh, yeah, they 25 to 54 persons men and women, which of course we have no women in our audience. That's a third man. Most of the sports nerds station that will change with sternon, I'm pretty sure. But we had a 4.2 in the last round and this one is a 4.1. So we basically were flattened out, which is a very good sign. Okay. So we had an okay audience who looked like, not bad at all. And then we get the big goose from the sternon, like we certainly hope and expect in when the September thing comes out. And it'll be the last month of the summer book. I'm just rather bonus money again, baby. Can you smell it? I can smell it. Man. You've the better scurans hanging out in the sales department. They, I could be an off-date. And we're stepping up the bonus money, baby. So I don't know. I could, I could, I don't even know why have you sent me all of this stuff? Is it so? I don't know, but it's done before. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Now let me just take a look at the afternoon 2554 persons. We don't get men in a trans only when a whole book comes out. Are you people following this now, but we enjoy it. It's also another part of the guitar. I'm sure, Alex and the gavels are the audience. There's no care about those rating numbers. You know, we don't understand it. It's kind of an inside radio thing. Alex, I'll go get your own show. Faith puts. Man, is that just amazing. It's amazing to use me. Yeah, you could learn a lot. Yeah, you could learn a lot too. Okay, about being a human being. Get a life. You don't take instruction on this show. 3 to 7 p.m. 2554. Power. Look at that. I bet you can carry in Greg are dancing in the hallway, man. Cheat to cheap. And I wouldn't be surprised if people want to be easy. They're picking a banjo while we're doing that dance. Can you see it? 7.1. I mean, it had been number one all along. First it's 25 to 50 or an afternoon power 96. But now the number from a 6 to the screen was 6 one in the last. Friend was 7.1. They are kicking serious smelly ass power 96. Top 105 is number two as they always are. It seems. Love 94 moving up from 9. I have no idea why. Can you tell me why? It's not me. I mean, the question is. What anybody listen to that slush that so-called jazz script on globally. How working? Yeah. 4.9. Life is number four. They're dropping life. I guess the carpenters are kind of wearing off. The coast is number five. Drop and drop and drop and drop and drop and. XDJ. Now what is that? Then another no-spigating lay station. I'm sure it is. I'm more than under no-spigating lay station. I'm more than under no-spigating lay station. I'm moving back up again. A lot of who else in the summer. Well, they can't afford to go anywhere. They'd like to go to Cuba but we won't let them. A party radio. Well, party middle of a bounce back. How do you like that? Did you see that? Party. Yeah. Yeah. They made a little bit of a move back up. Maybe parties on the rebound. That's my opinion. I might disagree. I go have a drink this. It lost. Party radio from 15th is time for 7th in the person in the afternoon. Big continues dropping. Since during last the little continued dropping all along. This is after no-out. Being interested in the season of the morning. They continue reflecting kiss. Kiss is a- they're kissing it. That's about it. W-I-O-D. Look at that. And he afternoon from a 3-2-3-3 there about flat. Did I ever get to Cuba, am you? Oh, no, it is 2-5-2-5 flat. That's not bad because they had whether dropping off at least a month and a half a year. Well, they must have been okay. Okay. In August. Okay. And that's without the hump or no less. So it's going to be when he rebonds. When we give him back on here today. Things are looking up baby at 2am, right? What do I tell you? Everything's just fine. Oh, we're fine. You were listening to Neil Runds. It's- Who's it? It's a- It's a- they don't seem, but you're getting going so deep. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to- Wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. That's the number one. That's the number one. My dear friend, I'm gonna look at the time. I've done crazy. And it seems like every day. I've had a remark that I do it in a 1-3-day jam. It was not for me. No. I'm talking a hair, that thinks it's like a wagon. When I met me in poetry, I've been trying to write the word I was about to see. Oh, they were speaking in poetry. We're not going to play with them. They had to be a bit more. I'm not going to play with them. It's kind of fun. I'm not going to play with them. We're not going to stay there all the time. I'm not going to play with them. We're not going to be able to play with them. They got the admir I'm going to go to the mountain, great speed. I bet my tongue is too busy. I've got to turn around, whatever I do, you for giving me. Who was now I speaking? I'm going to go to the mountain, see a very low-end, low-end, low-end, and I've had it far. I'm going to go to the mountain, play around with mine now. I'm going to go to the mountain, play around with mine now. I'm going to go to the mountain, I'm going here, and we've got to go for the mountain and throw it into that place. Thanks for watching! ... The attempts to take the road's guide to a frontal body, go home, Lopper bush and body cows and eyes goes over ice and mouth out. Lopper, get half into a sheep in my life. She raised for three little clouds. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. She raised for five little clouds. She raised for five little clouds. She controlled and took half into a sheep. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. She raised for five little clouds. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. She raised for five little clouds. Lopper bush and mouth. She raised for five little clouds. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and body cows and mouth. Lopper bush and collar bodies. I don't you go home I don't you go home Get in the salad Go home, we're much better home With your leasy, I go on the go back I like shopping for three toys better You got your puppy's mom, she's sure And you're making us here You've had your fun, and now start acting So they can get you out of here It's at the point where we can't stand it Everybody's at an old Above all the Julios and crackers The hoot and the guitar and the... Hey hey hey, I'm the youngest I don't go home I don't you go home Hey hey, I'm the youngest Go home, we're much better home Oh, we're gonna be a leasy look They're giving away free us and makes green cards Can I have one? Oh, we're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home You have a brand new style too We love the way you've gotten through it too With the victory, we've got your chance And the reason I can't let you go To our friends We're much better home We're much better home We're much better home We're much nicer home We're much better home We're much more more home We'd better go home I have 60s every few have no forget to look for the QMV and 7 and 9 o'clock tonight at the Hooters in Kendall stuff out of Winsomar and Burstingley cheap prizes and enjoyed great schedules on present and the important beer. 7 o'clock tonight at the Kendall Hooters and going little George tomorrow and saying nice going in the summer of Georgia number one either kickbacks. Well, so he's got a set. He did. He did. He came in and said nice going George. So he saw me the Hooters and said good job. Did he really? He really did. I am just, I could just pee my pants right now because I want to remind you one thing. Break it, you. No. I think that this everything is going just fine. I think, and of course we got the stern thing coming which is going to send us a, it's going to propel us now. So we got a WXDJ. Didn't you tell me or was Miguel Tommy? Must have been somebody else. No, no, seriously. He's telling us about some personality that's not in the morning at WXDJ which is why they're all of a sudden went through the roof. Because they went from a 5-5 in the spring to a 6-8 in May, June in Julio, to in his last train in a tree number one and men in the morning. Whoever disguised, he must be sensational or they got a lot of Wired Diaries one of the other because the rest of the day they're like small potatoes. So who is that in the morning at WXDJ? He's a car, and quite a much better look at a, we'll get a facts from some Julio out there, some most speedy things we've got. Anyway, here's the poll so far, 422. We left off early on Park in Alien Gonzalez or said just played the latter. We'll play Alien Park later. Got it. Alien Park. Alien Gonzalez? Okay. That those see. What's your all-time favorite book of Brian comedy bit? I'm enjoying, et cetera, about you, but he's so good. And so there's just so many great ones, you know? He's an artist. He's a great artist. He's a chicken-ect bald artist. The genius. It's a toy price. President and Demeshman, 83, kind of leaves us 74. Or, unfortunately, we had to play the censored version, but that's just the way the label and is these days. You can't say too much. I'll send you out of legend Del Rey 51. He bonus graduate with 36. Weapons have asked a master's description. Sorry, Joyce. Weapons have asked a stress in 35. My religion 34. Most have a lengthy Steven's 20. There's so many of those low and guilty bits. I guess we got to put some other ones on her too, huh? Which should? Like the Mo and the Ginger reunion. I'm sure we can't play that anymore. I'm partial to poicle veins myself. Oh, can we can play that, okay? Because you made the case who I'm at? Can we play that? Yeah. It's your favorite paper. I don't know what, well, he gets raped at the end. Just cut it off. That's so, no. Who said he can't get raped? Joyce, got her to. Since when? She didn't tell me that. Okay, well, he said he enjoyed it. I believe he's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. He's a very good example of his. I really am. What we're going to just put on whole pile of stuff here underneath the ratings. Well, they want to hear about the ratings. It's a boring stuff. It's only inside job. Okay. Or a pretty pleased. I would say right. We'll take it. Number one. And now that we got the stern thing going, man. We are going to. And we got the hump or back now. We just went. We just went. We just went. We just went with you. Okay. All the last few months. Now we're really going to keep this thing in a gear. And kick some serious. That goes. That's right. You're about it. Everything's coming up. We just saying. Except for Joe who's over there on 790. Robert Garmong. Capital Hill Blue. But that's a good website. And it's not like the liberal or conservative age. We're up to hell. The government more often know the right than the left because the right's in power right now. Okay. So you have to notice. Government should not control the air waves. Wow. The Super Bowl wardrobe malfunction is not just a scandal. It's now been ruled a criminal act. The FCC is fine. CBS. I have met an analyst for the incident. This is just the beginning of a crackdown. The FCC now calls for the part of a cable TV in addition to broadcast media. Congress is voted to increase by tenfold the maximum fin of the FCC may impose from 275 to 275,000 dollars. FCC Commissioner Michael Capses about that he will not be satisfied until I see us in one or two pieces for license replication. In this headlong rush to expand the government's authority over the media, no one is paused to consider whether the government should have such authority in a first place. No one has noticed that the very existence of the FCC is a flagward violation of the right of the free speech. Throughout history, the norm was turning over the mind. People were allowed to speak only by government incrementor until the America's first amendment established freedom of speech as a central premise of our nation. The first amendment declares the Congress shall make no law aburging the freedom of speech or of the press. This language could not be clear or more absolute. No matter who disagrees with the or considers your speech offensive, the government may not aburge your right to say it. Free speech presents the rational mind and its literary intellectual and scientific product. It means the absolute right to express one's view, so long as one does not violate the rights of others. Free speech means no American should fear the fate of Galileo, persecuted for dirt and assertive extrude, a cognitive and official church document, nor the fate of Socrates put to let's for offending the state. Yet the FCC exists to dictate one could be what can be said on the year. Since the early days of radio, every broadcast station has been allowed only to exist if it applies to the FCC for permission to use their waves. And exchange for their licenses broadcastes with promises serve the public interest. Stations at the FCC regards as having failed to do so can be find we even shut down at the FCC's shoulder discretion. The punitive justification for the FCC's recognition of broadcastes is that their waves are public property, but just as the government does not own, and so has no legitimate control over the presses of New York Times, so when has no business regulating what we would be broadcast over the air waves. The air waves which would be useless without the transmission are were created by radio and TV stations, along to the individuals and companies that developed them. Broadcasters should not have to plead with 30-s for annual licenses any more than a house owner should have to get any annual license to use the property. No other media to murk are subjected to such persecution. If in New York Times or Barnes and Noble Publishers content that some of the public VISTA proves up, the government could not threaten them with fines or other penalties, but learn how its stern offendels during their channels have been with the one that a million dollars in fines. So far, only in the seasons he has been targeted by the FCC crackdown, but politicians on both sides of the aisle have begun whispering demands to censor PBS or the Fox New Channel, and grounds that their alleged bias is violated public interest. Both the liberals with their political correctness and conservatives with their pure-tanker religious at this time to speak to the public interest, can it be long before the two sides begin to battle over which ideas and values Americans are allowed to see in here expressed on air? As the FCC wheels its pub ever more fiercely, broadcasters are running scared, no kidding. Clear-channel's canceled-a-choc-to-oc programs, skittestation energy that bleaked out such words as urinate, damn and orgy from the Russell and Ball program, most ominous the National Association of Broadcasters can be made some of our responsible programming to define industry-wide standards of self-sensorship. America was spotted on freedom of speech on the right responsibility of the individual to decide what to say and what to listen to. It in the name of protecting ourselves from being offended and, honestly, noticing it, when while on the way to cementing Mexican queer virtuosos a control-the, omnipotent states to request all of the media It's day all! My every child, you've turned past five six-row. WQA, and a glass. Hey, stupid! Thank you all for letting me out of you, I swear, those of me who called you together, has been called your friend, so you deserve these now. Stop the bad guy, you call that guy. Make me listen to find a soul thing that's past you. You did a good thing, you didn't want to. After all, you can't say that. It's no matter if you're in public here, over the crystal, as you say, I'll be able to take it to the bathroom, no matter if you're dead and down, no matter if you're dead or down, I'll be killed. I'll fight the fight, I'll fight back for my life, you can't do that. You can't do that. You can't do that. You're making me insane. You've left me to the door of fire, all the FGC. You've finally got to pay it, and take it back to the grave, all you got to do is take it back to the grave, all you got to do is take it back to the grave, you can't do that. You can't do that. You've finally got to pay it. Take it for my life, we're guilty of not having to do that. You can't do that. You've got to pay it. You've finally got to pay it, all you got to do is take it back to the grave, So I thought they'd know like a part of the idea I'm learning how to get out of the air So what we do is one, two, three, four, one, you know, you better know You're a part of the air, you're a part of the air The best thing, our part is the rain, our rain, our rain, our rain More Higher than half parties servingими, no BM, no BM, no BM Conherement M bishop is important to a bid She is very immigration If you're going to face, you're going to be unhappy, right? I want to go out and eat. But not kosher, though. I'd rather be trifed. And I will. Anyway, some clearing omissions. I'm scrolling up and down in the DCS here. Hmm. Tell about queer street. Ah. Right. There's so much. Tell about Ramadan. Yeah. And how about the **** you say? Right? Or the god **** you say? However you look at it. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Let's get those on there right away. God sooner. Jacksonville, where a lot of strange things happen. In fact, that Hurricane Jean looks like it's going to come on sure like, I don't know. Some were Palm Beach County. Hopefully north of there. I mean, where nobody lives hopefully. But that won't happen. And then just zip right up to Jacksonville. And then right along with kosher up to the South Carolina. You know, this god keeps aiming at certain people. And until he gets and they're going to keep coming back to Asia. I don't want you to nervous. But he's got certain folks in mind. Theresa. Three students at Jacksonville University have been punished for installing a stripper pole in an on campus apartment and taking pictures of spoiled clothes women performed on it at a party. A female student of what a dance contest was also disciplined. About a dozen women competed for a $100 Victoria's Secret Giftsuit of the Gets of 1011, say James Foster, along 911, less how unpaid periodic. Say James Foster, a 20 year old who hosted the party, none of them disrolled. The men brought the steel, they bought the pole from home depot, vaulted into the concrete ceiling and attached to bottom of the plywood stage covered in red felt and said, hey girls, can that be felt? Honestly, we just wanted to say we had a stripper pole fast to say we never actually expecting girls to dance on it. And you guys out there respect girls to dance on your pole. Well, forget about that. And university officials ordered the men to remove the pole. They complied, but not people building a huge party around it. Science-winning pole dances wanted, we're posted around campus and the men bought large quantities of beer. Friends were listed to check IDs and manage security. They charged five bucks for men when they were led in for free. Haha, of course. The party in a shortly after the beer ran out. That's a surprise. John Day, and probably after the beer ran out of the women too. John Day, or Junior A school spokesman said they parties host May of Arleta University's booze policy and broker rules against indecent behavior and the making of unapproachingist university property. Don't be drilling your pole in the university floors. They said school privacy rules were not identified as students of the punishment they received. But they said the university took this very seriously and the punishment was appropriate. Well, you can only imagine what they stuffed that pole out today. Find that, right? Punishments at the university can range from reform and the dismissal. Foster city was put on residential probation through November 9 and it had to write letter of apology. They said he later learned a woman who won the dance contest was also disciplined but wouldn't say what her punishment was. There was no public nudity involved here. He said residential adviser, oh yeah those pinned the ass rays. Resinential adviser Amber Davis said the party degrade women. What an uptight bitch. How much does she know his joys? There are other ways they can go out and get a girlfriend if that's what they want. She said the men have taken down the pole convertible states to a ping-pong. They're bad and then balls back and forth with the course in the common thing in Indormatory. They do that in touch. They lie all the time. Is that what they do? That's right. I forgot about 70 evidence. What was it Linda Evans or day eleven? Well, day eleven used to like to horse around a little bit. Another one of them board again people. She said to him, she's a pretty sure. I should say I ought to be. She said. What's your all-time favorite book of Ryan County bid? President Damesh with 94 kind of leaves of kind of leaves of 84. Still got a pension dollar rays 60. I'm so glad we were on that you did. Abonics graduate 45. A weapons of mass destruction 42. My religion 39. Marty Feldman I.I.s. 23. Motheville and Gellby Stevens 20. And Bokeb Ryan blows. That's not a song but an opinion 20. That's not our base. Well, by by Gellby 11, the rest of Tucson song nine. Rest of the Tucson and peace. Tell her has he Nazi seven speaking in tongues seven. Bokeb song six. I see that back in the day on I would see that we're going to learn more. Because the only two things that people ought to be here were Rick and Sats beer is good for you and then book Ryan do the book a song. I was it. Version Mary 4 we got him for alien Gonzalez 2. Second of whom is biggest got your job. I'm going to tell you about my younger Cecil's lament one and don't forget about I like Chinese. I wish I could find that. We got it somewhere. See when I'm in fact I got it. Yeah, he's not here. He's up there. See when the showers won. Not he probably went in no votes for God. No, put God bless you. I say on here. We can put it on the website. Oh my god is this a put. See he heard what you said. So he put it on. I'm going to joke with. But that's not the name of it. See that's not the name of it. Josh. He was just got him with him. I'll tell him what it really. I bet you Josh has got a brain size of it. I know what it really is. I figured it would make him say it. Put it on there. We can put it on there. We can actually we can still put it on. We still have freedom of the uh, what is it. And I'm sorry. We're going to provide the tourist season and get something out of shape about it. No votes yes. We're God uh, you say or Ramadan or queer street or any on park or scroll us again. I want to cry. I'm five six six. And I'm. The Rogers guy. I'm. I'm. The Rogers guy. I'm. I'm. The Rogers guy. God bless me. I say maybe. I can forget when someone's on a strong. We didn't say to her. If her harbor or when the judge dropped their box. We followed them back. And now the Saudis. They is a sign. And on our cars are little flags. And that's all he's loving. Retired voice of bombers. The wrong way. And I'm a paradise to be in America. Where they ponder over the Sykes. They unite in space of Arabians. And by God's hands and the peace. We may not have this country. Half of the late boys to go to space. And I used to be. I don't want to be a tax-abarant. Uh. It's been time. Who was saying. What's a few thousand innocent lives. Stop living in the mess. If you want that issue to try. You've got any more gans. It's like greatest country in the world. They train us to believe. And anyone who says that. Obviously. And afford to be. And on the barriers to be in America. Where we take three of us in peace. We may flag it when asked. With our head in the Senate. If like me follow the powers that we have to take. I thought the first time. Watching states close yours. On a six-deep eye. With trees. Scratcher. Fossil. Everything's okay. In the. You say. Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan. We see those. and 항상. Oh. No one. Oh. Oh. For everything. encouraged them. We like. And on the one side. We have some friends. We all like. Turn it over. You remember the分鐘 we gave you. We had nobody. So I can say. We arrived! Come. Come. Come. Come. How was a nation-ВURGLE FALPHUMPS Born into Langraath. I'll pay for a beg- You get competing with Jesus Good to hear,Christ to start messing up I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, I'm a little drunk, but nobody will know, nobody will know, nobody will know, nobody will know, nobody will know, nobody will know, I'll blow my warts I will get through on out and wake, but And I made them to jump out of work. But I did not even was grateful. But I did not do any play for the fish. I did not go for the dragon jelly. And I did not even know that I was so proud of the fish. But I was so nervous that I was behind these little girls. And I found out that the fish was that blinded that fish. And I was too dark to see. She beat red with her whole face. And the skin of the star of the beast goes over the old. Well, American girls. And American guys who only listen to the message from the Hoover Rock will have their tables all climb. And the troops from home did. They found the comfort of the night. I'm under the bed. And they were served in the army. How to afraid of fire. Though I sit right here near the TV far from liberal night. Under the covers you discover. Come a big solution. They would prefer to ask a mother to the fighting for play. Now this country I love is occupied in our back. And all the sufferers like me who's next are bred in the back. Have our tongues all placed firmly. In pushes deep brown eyes. The big mouth tower took the world who gladly followed. Blah! And I will sail up to a parade. She's in fire or is less. But you can count on me to watch you be in shape of a fish. And my flag will fly from the back of my truck. Not for your daddy out. I shoot a victory out of you. I'll stop a guy to him. I'll do you. We'll put gold map for it. Is what I see on my shoes. Yeah, I'm an art heir warrior. You know, better than you. I'm an invryd jerk. Who parades anything they say. Don't have to read or assert. It's so much easier this way. You watch TV or look at the picture. I'm an invryd jerk. Who parades anything they say. Don't have to read or assert. It's so much easier this way. You watch TV or look at pictures. Did you wish a today? With my... I need you, stop a typhoon. And I take the map right. And I'll go shallow to a parade. And see if I don't release. But you can count on me to watch TV and shape my fish. And I don't mind flying. So I can pull on my flag. That's long as I used to proudly show the swathlete That's not right. The Saudis are our best friends in the world. That goes our Aggies or Cheers. I've moved our strength. Yeah, I've moved our Chair Warriors. You know, it's better than you. What's up? What's up? What's up? You're obviously lying. I'm an invryd jerk. I've moved our Chair to a new city. Well, if it's here at 5.60, but I was put in memory there. I'll get them all in right. I have it to be as we can. Aren't Chair Warriors. Somebody reminded us for that right. Just get that on a pole right away. Aren't Chair Warriors. Got it? Go. Yeah. It is brilliant. They're all brilliant. Chair for a Tom Luggestian Personal Assistant. Authorities rated the home of Michael Jackson's Personal Assistant September 15, a newly released Court Document Reveals. The edited document shows the Jackson's Defense Team filed an emergency application with the court, seeking to have all the Adam Seas in the raid by Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Investigator is placed under his seal. Santa Barbara Superior Court Chair to rob me as Millville, an emulation or hermen, granted that offense teams are quest. It was the second raid by prosecutors that the defense is protected, the raid indicated that investigators apparently remain active in their hunt for evidence in the Jackson child administration case. The application replaced the Seas that was under Seas was filed with a court September 16, and was one of the matters heard by Millville during a defensively hearing but in the document, Jackson depended for any Robert Singer described the pop stars as a system as being someone who maintains Mr. Jackson's critical papers and files and probably underware to watch about the things too, right? Yeah, and keep it worn in all of these things. Anyway, let's get that over there. We'll move on to some more important things, right? Right. Like Scott Lacey Peterson. There you go. Like Nancy Grace. And how many more times do we have to see her this week? God, what is Spies that bitch, man? She is just, how do you like to act awake up next to that bitch? Oh, good, thank you. What the hell? I think you'd probably rather wake up next to Susan Smith in the car. Right. Bush rugs off bad polls on her back out, look. Well, he's just got a nice outlook on life, you know it? President Bush yesterday shrugged off polls and suggests most Iraqi sea Americans as occupiers and not liberators. And I saw a poll that said the right track wrong track in Iraq was better than here in America until reporters. It was pretty darn strong. Bush told a roseguard news conference with interim, interim Iraqi prime minister, Iod, alawi. I mean, the people see a better future. You know, there's all the way he says, future, future, nation. Oh, she is. The campaign of Bush's Democratic Lablachon, Kerry was quick to respond. Should we say when asking, did Bush really just say this? Kerry campaigned spokesman Joe Locke, I said Bush must be unhinged from reality. This had a poll suggesting that there are more Iraqi-sophielder countries on the right track than there are Americans who feel the same about the US. Bush didn't indicate what survey he was referring to, but why does a side of the poll in Iraq conducted late August that indicated some 51% of Iraqis were surveyed. The other country was headed in the right direction, up slightly from May and June. Bush hadn't been asked earlier about polls, including one taken by coalition provisional authority. The US organized paneled over-soluble Iraqi government before last June's transfer of authority. That showed a majority of Iraqis were unhappy with US policy, one of the Americans to leave. Iraqi opinions have changed since the turnover because now they have got Iraqi leadership. Prime Minister Alawi and his governor are making decisions on behalf of Iraqi people, Bush said. I guess he's talking about the ones who are still alive. Talk to the leader, we said, I'm not the expert in how the Iraqi people think because I live in America, where it's nice and safe and secure, but I talk to this man, Bush said, there are lots of polls. Sometimes they show you up and sometimes they show you down as you might remember, Bush said with a smile. It's a spark, it's a chip like smurf. For the US, a new APF service poll showed 45% of those surveyed, believe the country was on the right track. Fifty-two percent said, this country is on the wrong track. Not Iraq, this country on the wrong track to lose our tracks. Those figures had been worse during the summer, but after the European convention, everybody said, oh yeah, oh we're fine. I'm likely there's changed in a mind again. Lockhart, the Kerry spokesman, the writer, Bush's common. He just basically said a country that's dissolving in a potential civil war, or a terrorist that's taken over large sections of the country where Americans can along with secure four major cities, that the people over there think better of their country than people here in the USA. Lockhart said, that's what I call unhinged from reality. You are a senior, I mean, a bunch of people, but you can't keep any air. Stop, I'm too too aware. Hi Baby! I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared, I I'll make a bad fast, it's a big bossy, I'm wearing a��겠습니다lethine and I'm pretty scared, I'm very scared, I'm a kommer if there isn't a diving layer anymore here then creating aadocious barrier, apologise myself I got high in myself, and even happened to the Greeks. Westwood once said you get out of here while we break your legs. But now I sit by the pool, like since good as it gets. With my paladin cocktail placing that for the gen. He's paradise. paradise. And I just know what he's saying, and I said, I'm paradise. I'm a little bit of a boy. I'll be sure that the sugar's gonna get the gen. But the queen is on it, ready with my line green dance. I'm always like, hey, tell the call and go play. It was just a little thought. So what I like this thing. I can't find anyone. I'm not a selfish buddy. I can do what I want. I'm afraid he won't spilling. I took him around. He doesn't vote my анna, I can put much money on. It was real. It's real, yeah. It's nicely shattered. Doсть? Move it, move. Transform it. Obviously, don't let me tell you that I'm scared. I'm floating. I'm floating. Fun. Be scared. Run. Again. I saw that guy scared. I can all be strained. Oh my god. Just let him be startled. Why are you talking about me? I don't want him to give 31 left. And rip out a face, everybody, it's all the time. That's always time in my center. But you need for it, it's always pain, tonight. And about school, everything's gone. And rip out a face, everybody, it's all the time. That is my tolerance and fear. It's where the shepherds are these puggled days, and they don't want to be here. True God, we're at a snoop with いçaours, withhow much happiness, and trib notesき us as you do the fall. In the drame law, we'll<|gu|> the tower. I throwwards in some ways goles into smaller whereby therows. Everybody. Hey, step by step. All the time. So, all the day, day you. Thank you, dude. Top things in the free. To the walk, be. From Pop-A-N-O. T. You. 105, it's five and six to the double. You can have a mess, gotta be on your everybody. He's everybody. Yeah. You can. A whole bunch of mold bits, not just poicle veins. Are you writing these down? Chances. Go ahead. Poicle veins. That's POIP. Yeah, that's fine. It's on there. Just down. That's right. Open an Anthony. Got it. Yeah. How are you getting raped? Yeah. How are you getting raped? Yeah. How are you getting raped? Yeah. How are you getting raped? Yeah. How are you doing? Joe Costello is on. What is it? XM? Yes. That's whatever. Got Mollon Joe? Yeah. Watch your back, Sam. Can we still play that? I think we might be able to still play that. Or not. I think so. Well, let's give it a shot. Yeah, let's do that. Let's, uh... Did you see all ratings on the west book? Yeah, I know it's from Bobby. Yeah. Just possibly, yes. Watch your back. Back to play your old way. Below, below, below, below. Go, down, down, down, down. Go, down, down. Back to you. Back to you. Below, below, below. I don't forget the ginger and moguei union, which we won't be playing. But got it. Ginger and moguei union. Yeah. I thought I thought I got to think about a stop I get in the race. And then I don't see it on rating because I'm Irish. It's so scary. I want to give you a moment and if I'm not stuck in that, I want to get a little hot. I'm against you, mom. I don't see it, got stuck all. There's a lot of better things as you know. Back to play, back to play. Back to play. You won't make a whole new moment. Back to play, back to play. Back to play. You won't make a whole new moment. I've brought a whole left glove, I don't understand. Now you can leave from a drop while you're in both hands. You have to accept that, but you made a rating song. You have to try clicking in all your thoughts. You have to straighten your fat ass out. You're going to hit the boat, I'll hit your mouth. That's right. Touch your fat jack. You're going to break the wall. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Touch your fat jack. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You're going to break the wall. You have to have scramble. Shall we start? We're going to break the wall. We are going to break the wall. And we actually found another good We can still play that. It is amazing. Wow. Throw at the down over. Yeah, the lower. Put on list of how many can we still play? No. Anyway, speaking of the Great things that are happening in Iraq, which is making the Iraqi people so grateful and very happy. A violent, a virulent form of hepatitis, that is especially lethal for pregnant women is broken out in two of her most troubled districts, Iraqi health ministry officials send interviews here this week, and they warn that a collapse of water and sewer systems in the country is probably at the root of the illnesses. The disease called hepatitis E, not to be confused with hepatitis A, is caused by a virus that is often spread by sewage contaminated drinking water. The official said that the preliminary ability to test for the virus had already been overwhelmed by the hepatitis Uperage, suggesting that only a fraction of the actual cases have been diagnosed, but in Sada City, a bag that's slum that for months has been convulsed by gun battles between local and Muslim militia and American troops, as many as 155 cases have turned up already. And yet another indication of the deteriorating safety of both water and food in Iraq, the number of reported cases of typhoid fevers have sharpened this year, said Dr. Nima S. Obbed, the Ministry's director, General Public Health and Primary Health, has put us across the country here also a full of children with severe forms of two ideas, say it or we'll just get upset, die or rea. How do you like that? Everything's fine at Iraq, why you keep lying? The immediate reason for the outbreaks in Sada City and the other city, Ma Moudhia appears to be easy to pin down. They said the lack of infrastructure induces families to attack into water mains with improvised hoses. He said, setting his own visits to the communities, they then use small electric pumps to bring water to their homes. But in these same communities, sewage either see from damaged pipes in the ground or run through the streets. So through cracks and holes in people's hoses, sewage is sucked into becoming mistred with the drinking water and spreading device. Sounds very sanitary to me, don't it? Sounds like a lovely place and embedded to people that are so proud and pleased. Right? Right. Good ones for you. I'm going to talk about it on a video on TV. The ones who still have a lecture. How many of those are there? About 30 minutes. Maybe we ought to take few calls here because we might be missing out some names for this poll. This is a very strategic poll I would think. When you think? I don't think. I like it. 560, 560, 560, 560, I'll need Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines. WDQA and Hello. Hi. To give me somebody to remetion this. But have that prison bitch. Not there. That's not a book of bread. Oh, it's not. I'm sorry. Bob and Tom. Okay, sorry. Thanks. Okay, she's not like. See. Prison bitch. No, let me do me the side. We can't play that anymore. I guess we can. I guess we can't. Hey, son, what if think? Or is it something? Alright, well, what is this? They say I love this tap. Who? Yeah. Why? He said boo. Oh. I'm trying to get him. They say I love this tap. What we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. So strong. So strong. Yeah, I'll listen to it over the weekend and decide. I'll take that longer listen. I don't think there's anything wrong with the old prison bitch. You and I know maybe. Back home. Nothing can cause a war on here. Oh, George is going to be. She's probably happy with it. Right now. Don't you dare. Let them play that. That's the most disgusting idea. That's what the Martha Stewart's probably thinking too. Don't forget that QM family 799 and I know Hooters and Kindle stuff. I'd have been president for a great specials on president the imported beer. 7 o'clock tonight at the Hooters Kendall and joined Little George tomorrow noon to two at Bill Siddles, Mr. Bishy and baby stuff. I'd have been president, Jerry Feet Food from the 97 subs. And this is a lot quick call them Little George. He's bringing a netty bell to my show. What a big guy he is. And the water not see two or reference. Right. WQA and Hoot. Hey, you. Yes sir. I just have a question for you by Mary. Begotting your guidelines. There it is. More and further. You should play a solid bit call with Previdation Carcass. Right. Oh, forget about that. Was it that really back in the 30s? Yes, it was 1938. Oh, okay. Now we're dead. Was that violent? The guidelines of the country are set. And that's been played for that 60 years. You got a man. That's right. That's real frightening. Taking us back into the astonishment. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Great thing. The boy is up there to have a lady. Have a good day. Now I'm you two. No forget each rape tomorrow. But you. You live on where three. You're four. We're all the creatures. Like wonder what they're doing. He said he liked it just fine. You know you like I know you. Look, a lot of my love! Cold red dariashi What brings you in for this? Oh, hot red? We don't have to get rid of you. Somebody quit the city we ever did or new thing isulture People got to pick everything we buy I've pick all the money E helping Not the Let's see you, Hobbit. So we're home at the bottom of the door. Now we're going to have a door for four minutes. Five, four minutes. The door is a piece of tape. Everything's kept in your way. So we're going to have a door for five minutes. We're going to have a door for five minutes. Oh, man, we're going to have a door for five minutes. Who's got a hole? It's a hole, a hole, a hole, a hole, a hole. Now we're going to have a door for five minutes. We're going to have a door for five minutes. Oh, you see, over it. So we're going to have a door for five minutes. We're going to have a door for five minutes. Oh, man. I try a little bit more. So we're going to have a door for five minutes. So we're going to have a door for five minutes. But... We have a door for five minutes. Pretty carefully one in five, sixty to come up again. Normally, because Banks says, I don't know if you've noticed the brand or dealing with the car, is different than the Budセux cone. be careful to be honest with it. It's his Ryan's cone droop's lower. The cover all is soft-float. While the other channel's cone switch and a more northerly direction covering less of soft-floor eda can both tones be correct. Obviously not. But the weather for raise both misnourcross and mischamal, their cone always seems to be drooping in a downward direction. It says, well, history called this the Yom Kipper or Hurricane. Oh, good question. Maybe guys pissed off about that too. That's so many people are eating. They can cheeseburgers on Yom Kipper. And also Greg, we says in any case, happy new year. I guess Greg didn't hear. I heard what I said. I saw a little business. I saw a lot of talking to me again. I'm January to first. Okay, that's when I saw a birthday new year. I made dietary geofi. You can listen to cheeseburgers. I'm really getting a little pork dog. Can I say pork? No, sorry. I do like pork dog. I'm ten and a good pork chop to the long time. How about less for young kipper? I'll go over to um, toiletropiccal. You get a good pork sandwich. What do you say? All right. Don't get porky about it. All the way, don't have to go that far. I think maybe anything tray could be good. Hmm, right? Can she make in mushroom cheeseburger? Oh, God, is that so good? From hearty. Well, but I started to say, I'm getting a little pork dog about the fact that screw us again. I don't care what anybody says. It has no votes. I don't think they know what it is yet. They don't. Here we go. I don't think they know what it is yet. They don't say. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't say. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't say. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They don't think they know what it is yet. They are asking them. They ask them. They ask them. They are asking them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They answer. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They ask them. They can do that to protect their sovereign Yanqus. there it's so messy that we're like people They broke out of their head by their golden feet, and they took by their golden feet. You said, and said, it's the one, you said, now they have only one place. You don't know. Don't worry about us, you don't. We got it. Now we'll put in a safe, we got a clue. You won't let us back, so far. We got it. Where is most of our truth? We got it. We should've done a love in this with baby, but you too don't need it. And today they've got more than open, only part to be. You believe in me, what they say, except like before, and the cause of the whole has been, and this was the only place. The state's so big world, it's true. We got it. We should've done a love in this with baby, we got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. We have a different point of view, now we're in certain days our lives are through. We're in five, five days, so long. We're five, five, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. We're in certain days, so long. As being eighteen, three, five times. We're you're saying, who's taking the light? What do you keep in my mind? They don't exist here in Great Lacques. They might just seize our blocks when you're there. We're told, we should do that. Here is a tip for you. You won't need a door for you. You will never be in peace. I'm dead, sure love. I'm alive, sure love. I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive. It's no. 144-56-WQM-Mandog2 and the return of the Humber. Okay, give it a life. Humber, hangover returns it for after a very bizarre couple of months away. Anyway, you're going to be embarrassed when I play one here that we forgot. Uh oh, you're going to see how to help it, we forget. Oh, the Humber, can I get it? Instinct, how could you? Thank you. Gelsie, Gelsie, talking on a porch show. Try it to the watch show. Ah, your voice now just lies. I'm standing here, open. A little sports show. Watchers, are you there for Gelsie? Gelsie, talking like a baby. Who needs a little driving? Like a new conversation. You don't sound like a man. We put the rubber sounds. That joke, your throat sounds healthy. Gelsie, Gelsie. Gelsie, you're lovely, mad at the milk, girl. Gelsie, you don't belong there on the head. Gelsie, the sports can wait till your voice cracks. Gelsie, you want to feel sounds like that you'd find another job. And then you'll only change you back when both your babies drop. The barrel can be seen. Gelsie, when you don't grow up. You make that one a grow up. You feel a sweetly blue. Go to broadcasting school. Your free to spend it for us. Make you sound like that, but you're not hot. You're not hot. You're not hot. You're not hot. Gelsie, Gelsie, you're not hot. Gelsie, Gelsie, you're not hot. Gelsie, Gelsie, you're not hot. He's got a little part of his deal. Which, General, if this is A. I wouldn't be a secret, I guess he's got that in his contract. They get paid a few bucks. That's not fair to me! During the season, as opposed to a really broadcast in the game. Which they aren't going to be an A for at least an Americano B. I mean, that's not 100% definite, but it just looks promising for any hockey season this year. for any hockey season this year and know that most of South Florida is really worried about that but they are worried about. And then we get that on our guilty. Yes, Southern, I mean dry guilty. The hurricane, I guess we better do the hurricane stuff because after all we are, yes, you would are eye on it. At least you are anyway. I am so sorry that I can't be there for this one like a weather. Other than the<|ko|>. I'm feeling almost like a little bit like I'm missing something like it was, I don't know. Like a tumor. Hurricane gene continues to switch to a crawler than northern Bahamas and a possible and landfall and Florida after killing more than 1,100 people in Haiti. Florida is racing for what may be the fourth hurricane in the row as forecast is predicted. Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the state east coast. Oh my God. The National Hurricane Center said gene is likely to strengthen in a powerful category three storm over the weekend, maybe later today. It's already less major destruction and it's weak in Haiti. International relief workers trying to distribute supplies on Friday were mobbed by hungry desperate people. Many of whom said they had eaten since their homes were destroyed by a weekend. When gene was still a tropical storm. Some crawler and 50 people saw our missing in Haiti six days after this storm hit and the death tolls expected to rise is recovering relief efforts continue. Gene looked more than 250,000 people homeless in Haiti's northwest province. The days since have been a desperate time of survival. Without ceremony, mass graves were being filled with both human animal carcasses, survivors set up camp on house tops, surrounded by contaminated waters and compromised food supplies. Getting back to old gene, Hurricane gene is now heading toward the Bahamas of Leberaclottis more than the center of the hurricane was 290 miles east of Great Erika Island, northwest in Bahamas, or Hurricane warning is an effect. Gene's top wins, held at 100 miles an hour, was moving west near 9 miles an hour. What some increase in forward speed expected to in the next 24 hours. Hurricane force wins extend outward up to, in other words, let's get ready for it again. Oh, can we get in tired of it, but I would be ready. I'd be prepared. You know what I'm saying? Today, and now wait until I come out tonight, or then getting up sending boys in, whole cram. Hurricane force wins extend outward up to 45 miles from the center, in tropical storm force wins extend outward up to 150 miles, dangerous surf and rip currents caused by large swells from the hurricane possible along the southeast and forward across the center be seen. As the storm moves closer to Florida, hurricane watches been issued along with coast from Florida city to San Augustine, including Lake Oki-Tuby. The hurricane center noted that sundown tonight till sundown tomorrow, they'll be young before the solid Jewish holiday. Observenson in the watch and morning areas will not be listening to adios or watching TV. Well, what about the, well, who are the other ones who don't? The, um, um, other, the Amish, that's exactly what I had in mind, right? They'd never did anyway. Right. And they may not be worthy of hurricane situation. So they have like orthodox jews or Amish. You better go knock on the door and feed them some cheese burgers, do you think the Amish cheese burgers? They don't have a problem with it. For the ones that eat their vegetarian stuff, is that the Quakers? I don't know. That's scrapels, scribble, whatever that's not of a head cheese. No, come on. Gene follows hurricanes, Charlie, and Francis, which hits a thwart of peninsula, and I've been which puned, well, we already know that best. So, Florida Governor, Fat S. J. Bush, one of the states to take Gene's seriously calling it a brutal storm, and he ought to know because he's a brutal governor. Here's people taking their neighbors as a way to help people move away from the coastline. Yes, we're tired in our sources, our stretch. He said, adding that the state has the initial complication, a few available hotel rooms because so many are filled with relief workers. Although there are several tracks that might be taken by the hurricane currently, a category two storm, most of the computer projects, and at least at this time, have a continuing toward the Florida Peninsula. Next, headroom may feel sad. The way it looks now, we will indeed have an impact in Florida. I don't see no way you know how to be getting around that. We know that our stretch now, we'll be your Rogers morning, so we get in and force around the sky to fight the system of the way in. Okay. Talk about him personally, and I hope we'll say it. So, let's start it out of regular guy who's joined the directorate, and maybe ultimately check your financials, and bring some celebrity father to him. Amen. From the Holy Moon, from the Fatherhood to the Ultimate Father's Day, as time would start his earthly meeting, come for a man who's his choice. He found the way to get really bad, altering no boys fatherhood to him. Amen. From the Holy Moon, from the Fatherhood to the Ultimate Father's Day, as time would start his earthly meeting, come for a man who's his choice. From the Fatherhood to the Ultimate Father's Day, as time would start his earthly meeting, come for a man who's his choice. Amen. From the Holy Moon, from the Fatherhood to the Ultimate Father's Day, they sent him to a three-star tree, where they did you collect and pray, and it was you, or it was made like a separate throw to keys away, fatherhood to him. Amen. From the Holy Moon, from the Fatherhood to the Ultimate Father's Day, they sent him to a man who's his choice. Amen. From the Holy Moon, from the Fatherhood to the Ultimate Father's Day, as time would start his earthly meeting, those of the reason that my having is hard, they changed the name to Alien Art, which is the reason to shout, and to a fine art. That's where the book draw, you just went down far and left away, and said, you will change the guy of water right, where you grab the tunes of the rap, and that's where you walk in and out, and let the boy go to the scene, now, that's up to the beautiful battle, on the water and drag the back of the hall, to us the love to the ground, the ins and the biggest part you've ever seen, that people made your own with toilet could clean, so sign an autograph, like a big chat, me, you're so, and then we'll mark your door, and talk about how important you feel, and have the rest of the time, which is a 12-day game of public houses and fun, go down the alien party, there's Ryan P. here from the rough nose, and rockin' music, by love band band, with a change of presence, and to their divinals, on the road and ground, and make your heart a friendly, broad day, and start to convey my heart, and do the same thing, as for me, and make that fool, they now go alien on board, all the alienating on board, all the alienating on board, all the alienating on board, all the alienating on board, all the relation but I've seemed to express those questions as I go off to those questions, and let's see when we get Shacky, on the Snapdragon 618, theiggas asserted,ity of old archaeologist, who is called Yulphustella, who said something aboutator game tuit run, and he's wondering if he was the user he could just to rewrite it. He'd only watch seven, The auditing are through two more coverage for CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to a war. Why trash would mother since she died with toys? Oh, I'll hide it. Oh, I'll hide it. You are too young to fly. You're never gonna be night. Oh, now the white trash would mother because they threw her son. But he says that lie and he don't see this much fun. Still he says you have to to it for me. Now he'll face that a fight will fight greatly. Oh, I'll hide it. Oh, I'll hide it. You're too young to fly. You're never gonna be night. What's with you, huh? Well, he is just a crazy chicken-ac old fool, man. He's unbelievable. Your favorite old-time booker brand, but President Dumshamid, 122, leading the fact that Converly's is right on his ass. 110. Yeah, I'm gonna get something to see. Huh? That happens all the time. You're not a legend, Bill. Ray is speaking a sit-in on your ass. 78. Ebonne's graduate, 54. Did we put Ebonnex, what's the other one? What did I play? The Ebonne's name game? Yeah. I don't think we did. Then put that on. Let's get the armor. It's got a cute. Ebonne's graduate, 54. What if it's a master's version 52? My religion, 49. Where do you feel the nice 28? Booker brand blows 26. That's my favorite. Mothevel and Jelly Stevens 22. Tar maybe 15. The rest of Tucson song, Rest in Peace 13. Bye-bye, guilty. 13. Speaking in tongues 9, the Bokersong, 7. Tell Hasseen, 37. The, uh, damn you were saying it's got five. That's the, God bless you, I say. Right. Virgin Mary 5, and we got him 5. And it's gross again. Finally got four. I'm not sure. Listen to me. Roger. It's gross and ready. 5. You can't. They plan. 5. I'm going to bed again. Go. I'm going to bed. And go. Yes, yes. 5. My religion, what's required? You will go in the life of fire. 5. I'm going to bed again. Yours. 5. Little bit of glitter, little bit of your religion. I'm going to bed again. Or then yours. What if I'm going to bed again? The tape's in the tree and the ring should take five. And you can bed again. God, oh, Ryan, how you can seduce better than your religion. And we like about your best type organization, where it's best Chinese prophetic scholars. But for you we just analyze new rules. And all into God, you even have to keep these I heard it in the Lord. And I heard it in the Lord. And I heard it in the Lord. And I heard it in the Lord. And I heard it in the Lord. To fuck up the rest of the people, we slaughter patients off and go to my religious bed and get your orders. I heard it in the Lord. We look you. I'm a Muslim bed and I'm your Lord. We will be the subject of the bed and I'm a paving jail. We have private and inspiring jailers. My religion is better than your religious religion. My religion is better than your orcs. We are not a door to body, like over a brush to see why I do the private and religious bed and your orcs. But religious bed or dead you are a religion. My religion is better than your orcs. We were twice and twice, our bikes and gets in very lots of bikes, and we are twice, my religion is better than your orcs. I'm a religious bed and you are a religion. I'm a religious bed and you are a paving jailer. We don't want to use our brains, we're blind with my big heart, but my religion is better than your orcs. I'm a human. I'll forget the hump of returns it for the sacanon. Spread the word. I joined the native party. Spread the word. Call it the guilty. Your legs. And that strongly agree with Dragon Ballet's Jesus. Don't become a criminal. Welcome. So I went to the native party. And then you held in the entire state. For nine and eleven, like the sight of the hand of the sheep. And dance on the grave. And I'm reading my comments round. The bush I've witnessed with. You see you feeling, everything will be due. And thank for yourselves. What about the dawn of dawn of dawn of dawn of dawn of dawn? The blue, the blue, the blue, the blue, the blue, the yellow, the yellow, the yellow. The entertainment that the night's departing. Was appropriate to Christian and white. There was neither few clear channel of grouply greenwoods. And to be greet these keys. I'm watching. All righty now. And until tourists rev. If you don't believe, wishes the old river of delicious. I don't care. I don't care. Bye-bye. Talk to the stars. We're so proud of the world. We're so proud of the world. We're so proud of the world. And then you go get your own. That was a good story.