I hate you. You're going to spin where himself 2016 mate really wouldn't have been authority Find our sim and around if you want A.D.T.A. I know but I'm ready to show you the classic world! Yes, my self everyday Which marriage and should pay The town may go into harm and slaying I'm not sure you'd ever come to the neck of women I'm not sure if you'd ever come to the neck of women So by who got Steven's collection to date But 1995, or do you compare with Lisa, Masland Card Or weapons of Masland Card or weapons of Masland Card Oh, what's your feel safe for now that they're getting hardened Terrorist like cats, Steven's people are singing songs like Peace Train Right? People erase money for the families and I'm loving victims Dangerous people, he's back in London right now Chuckling in the musen Yeah, just amazed More bad news from Iraq Three ways, spite of what that allow me to talk about That the students would just come to the congress Three ways soldiers dying Iraq Three, a US Army soldiers were killed in separate incidents in northern Iraq yesterday One soldier was killed by roadside bomb The three miles south of Ticreat A suspicious object of the side of the road And it came to find out was a bomb And bomb, a detonator of the soldier Another one died of wounds following attack on a patrol in northern town of Mosul And a third soldier killed by a car bomb I'm still a little bit of a traffic control point and bagged that But other than that, oh, we're fine Everything is a huge issue about time I thought that I was going to start singing air, everything's common Up roses, but everything's pulling up roses Right, everything's pulling up roses But there's one for both of us, Ryan, I love that Now the pull that we took yesterday before we get to Hurricane Jean Which unfortunately all these keep making a comeback There, God is pretty pissed off about that whole 2000 election And that's why he keeps aiming at Florida And sometimes he's got good aim And sometimes I don't know what he's pissed off at New Orleans for But I even keep going back in our general direction again too If we miss some of you the first time he's going to like send it back at you But before we get to that yesterday's pull Which evidently our leader, our fearless leader took some unbridge to the police today Because he keeps forgetting this is just a or radio show and b That the audience out there needs an opportunity to vent In fact I'm getting hostile facts every day Including when we just got from a Geraldine which I'll get to eventually There are a lot of various listeners out there So we have to at least give them a place to vent And this is business and this guy is taking it personal Which I don't understand You think that after all this time after seven years of this by now he'd be immune to it But you know every now and then he gets a bad bullet grits and it gives him a while whatever Our police today, we got a tremendous response Who's gotten the screw the worst of QA and was the bullet question? What's that? What's what that's following in you hear that? On factsy, you hear that? What is that on your end? Anyway, 1800 you can't hear that? No man, I saw that movie gaslight I'm not, Josh you hear a bit this? Yeah, you're full of crap Okay, who's gotten the screwed worst of WQA and 18 of the 89 votes when I printed this out I'm sure it's closer to there over 19 over now The O's list is 506 many of them are like frothing at the mouth And for some of them they've been doing it for a long time Hank Goldberg, 462 and this I guess is the week that we find out is the hump are coming back Is he a limbo? Is he a bit capable? What ever the deal is? Joe rose 238 to Mark 1608 Bill's in for 148 What we sure miss the Zimph the Yaziman Jeff the 421 And by the way Jeff, no you're not getting hired You're right you're 63 George Rodriguez 55 Joe Angel 46 I would like to clarify that's a bit with an asterisk Because Joe Angel never worked for QN he worked to be Marlon's organization the former The former incarnation of the Marlon organization under John Henry John Henry's the one at screw poured Joe Angel Man, so that we could hire Dave O'Brien full time we'll then about five minutes later Said oh guess what I'm going to ESPN is that okay, and they said well okay or More Howard David 35 votes Steve Gellie Gelsty who like I said was in over this morning He loaned the fact that the NHL season probably gone for the whole thing 24 for Gellie Joe's a Gackie 13 and Miguel Escobar nobody has any idea who that is but maybe do hope he's got some good drugs 10 is what he had Now we so we don't have to do that last break right I just want to make sure run the same page Uh, you can't if you'd like But I but we don't have to I don't want to why do we want to inflict extra spots on the audience that have already run once okay Let's see once you start giving it away. That's what screw-antool me once let's just start giving it away The idea that somebody's gonna pay for it is pretty ludicrous in fact the idea that anybody's gonna pay it well anyway Here's the tracking map now we got the 11 o'clock coming out momentarily. Might be up there already I think is it on our website? I doubt it. I'll check it out. Yeah, I'll go to the know-a thing during the break So actually we have like a little even though how we went pretty long this morning We got like a nice long segment to the last couple minutes after 11 hours so we didn't like bond and right it was in shoes Right right now where is that Hank your legal ID thing? I don't want you to play that I want them that's under Hank dash ID or send her I see it's under ID WGM Miami for Lorda. Thank you. I'll proceed. We're keeping them alive not by much for keeping them alive I'm a show for where can gene which is a making a comeback is now moving west and the tracking map has it coming I'm sure the the weather fairies have got you hyperventilating again. Oh, how does this crap gonna stop? I'm looking out my window a man. It's sunny. It's gonna be like 83 today It's just beautiful Indian summer here in Toronto a go hockey and of course you don't play hockey in a similar anyway. So it's appropriate The 8 a.m. I don't want to read this do I the 8 a.m. Why not? Oh, no, because the 11 a.m. is come out in a minute. In fact, if I wanted to be not so lazy I could click on right here Search the web I could read it off the computer. I do want to put the audience on notice that we had a little technical Be willing to go this morning. You know, we've been having this problem with the process or it's getting ready to blow out And it keep taking their sweet time and whatever they're going to do and as a result we had like this louder than ever And there are prices there wasn't even speaking at the moment. So kind of like setting me a back so or pounding. I'm just not wasn't doing anything And as a result, I just wanted to be on notice that if it goes out, we'll have to like punt And anyway, let's see, national oceanic and atmospheric, but I don't know is Noah because he built a hell of an arc. It's smell like crap on there, but he built one hell of an arc Okay, let me click on the latest integrates than the hurricanes and all the other all these acts of God who's pretty like I said, P.O. and Florida better not do it again Well, speaking of it again. I can't find it. Okay, let's see what we got. Let's check out if we got the alert there. There it is. Pupic advisory 11 a.m. How do you like that? Good timing today. Thanks a lot. How we end the robbing all you others. Next time prep I'm 1115 tomorrow would be good. I sure hope that they're not going to make too many more of those vacation those best of shows that end like it about 10 or two not good. Not good. Okay, here's the deal. 11 a.m. advisory on gene A tropical storm much remains. Oh, now what is that? What did you just do to me? I did that allow. I'm going to say it. Here remains a good act. So there's a lot of keep on your toes. But he sent a Bahamas including Cat Island. Well, I wonder if that's Cat Stevens Island. How much it is a lot of terrorist side mouth there. The exumas Long Island. Rumb K and San Salvador. Couple of storm while we know what it means. Hurricane Mike's baby required for the north west of Bahamas later today. Those poor bastards in Bahamas are really getting nailed. You know it. That'll teach them to keep River North Americans. I love to collect the center hurricane gene was located near Leited to 25.6 north, Longitude 69.7 west, about 465 miles east of Great Abical Island. Well, they got nailed the last time, right? By Ivan. They're going to get nailed again. And gene is moving toward the west near five miles an hour and it moved in too much. Maximum sustained winds near 105 miles an hour. With higher gusts. Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 45 miles estimated minimum central pressure 966 millibars. And that's it. Now let me take a look at the see if they changed the tracking. I'm sure they did. Maps and charts. Okay. Okay. I said charts to us. You can't remember the same thing at rhymes with first. Okay. Let me click on that baby and take a look at what it looks like right now. And oh. Wow. I've been around. So it just it just shows the thing moving directly west over the Bahamas and then moving down the house and hidden Florida 8. What time is that 8 o'clock on what day? Well, it's a Sunday 8 o'clock Sunday morning is what they're predicting for like up there. Not again like around 4 pierce of your old beach. So in case you four bastards up there having enough punishment. God's after what have they done up there besides being a bunch of mugwom solvies used to deserve this punch isn't that enough. I would think so. But that was like where it's going. Of course, that big wide cone that cone of opportunity there includes all almost all of the tinies.ummy and down part of the state, but based on their current the latest tracking 11 o'clock, and shows it happened towards right toward a little bit northeast of Lake Oak, Okey, took me so that's the latest on that look. Audrey's like that you'll see the tracking that's the changing on your Rogers dot com along with. has a two Mart Yes, I did Pamela zoom marting porgy anyway 55 everyone knows Pamela zoom marting unfortunately, and a horrible picture man. Yes, but she's like in her case and in her case like I uneasy it's pretty good a picture. That's poor Connecticut, so that makes her like 50, right? Yeah, okay, Matt is correct. She's pretty. Although the picture luckily was taken some while ago, all we had never know was, it's not much of a track of things you'll ever see. We're not going to give you a big song in the dance and bill of goods. It's the best you can do. Let's see, Sky Tracker has made her TV in 1990, a cry in the wild. The software murders the same on TV. A lot of TV stuff. Flex 1987, strong medicine 86, torchlight 84. She was in Dynasty, of course, Lady and Red, 79, human feeling 78. The hardly boys dancing through a mystery 77. Everybody knows that. The Hemingway play, our time, your time, bustle in Billy 74, the gun and the pull pit. You're forgetting about the important, her most important role. What is the dead naked body in the first dirty hairy movie? How come it's not on here? Because she was just the naked body. And wouldn't make any difference? No, it has every role. I think you're, uh, you know. She was the dead naked body. Well, look at that picture. I'm a whole grown up. I'm saying I have to act too much. The Honey Girls of Honey and House, 73 May for TV, the Poseidon Ventures, 72, the Poseidon Ventures. There you go. Move it to somebody actually heard of before. There she is Pamela Sumaritan because George has got to do some homework come up with some better memories. Got lots of scourines. Okay, here's a little bit of the look for the QM fan right now. If there's shell station in the corner of Broward and University, that's the corner of Broward and University. This one of our frequent stuff. It's right next to that veterinary in place that I stopped taking my dogs to. Uh, stop by to pick up movie passes to watch latter 49 next week at the Fonds 8 movie Theater. Later 49. What's that about? Fireman I would assume. Oh no. Got one out of here. That's what I hear. Don't say greasy for long. Oh and speaking of that. That's also what I hear. That's what left over this morning. Falling crucifix kills woman. Oh my God. This is in Rome. Remember you have to tell us about how wonderful it is. Well Rome is great, but don't be standing in your any falling crucifixes because it might not be good for your health. A 67 year old woman was killed in a three meter tall metal crucifix fell on her head. And a shell saw the Natalian town on Wednesday, police said. The cross which has been in the main square on San Arifrio for decades fell on Medellina Camilo who while workers were setting up lights for an annual religious festival. I'm sorry her name is Medellina Camilo. Not Camilo because that's his manual. Excuse me. Excuse me. Emily Hummedovatican city is a predominantly Romeo. Well why not? I see work crucifixes and religious icons and effigies are common sight most times in villages. And it reminds me that scene I was telling George before the show from what was it? The Orman. Oh yeah. Pretty sure it was Orman one. I think so. Where the priest there was freaking out and he kept trying to talk regularly. Oh, it's a terrible because you know, but a bit of whooping he's got the three sixes on his head like Reggry and all the other stuff. And in any rate and the priest they think that big metal like you're lighting the weather thing. Weather thing came flying off the top of that church and I think right through the priest tart and he was more cool. And a whole bunch of facts is you're including. I don't want to be listening to these because he started to take things personal which are just business okay the audience wants to vent them entitled even though you may disagree or maybe you do agree but we are we are. I think it's time for everybody to let him up just a couple of shades. Geraldine Plantation says Jesus God. Which I think she's trying to say. Oh God. What brandish marks are running that station. Now again, please don't take that personal as you want to. How much longer do we get to listen to Rob and read in enough already? My fingers were not from turning the station on and off. Ready to distract and self-plant. Ready to self-destruct Plantation Signed. Well, okay I guess we'd art just the QMF in way. It's just the way we're doing things these days. And we're pretty pleased with the show today. Three hours and ten minutes on record we need to meet. I don't take it. Yeah, I mean on the one hand I do have tremendous sympathy and empathy and feeling and chaos and all that grassmen is for the audience. But on the other hand we like working as a little as possible. I want to take back anything I said I'm Friday in that regard. Where in fact if they want to pay us this kind of money for like five minutes today that sounds like a we need to meet. In fact there's Gildi. Gildi in the bad news. I'll be back on the air very soon. Do a couple of shows here and a couple of shows there in the evening when everybody's watching TV, luckily and I'm a weekend when everybody's not having a life. Just as long as you don't have to work with mowing. You can't imagine the things he said about that. He said it's been a month of rehab after getting off and I told me. But I don't want to go into that. I don't want to be a troublemaker again because then people start taking it personal even though of course it's only business. Although I think between them it might have been a little bit personal. Absolutely anyway. Here's the poll today and again we don't want to pick on the dolphins because they are oh and two and they are going to have a dreadful season. And everybody knows that they've high just ripped them a high day of the day with a fabulous column just ripped them from pillar to post. So we're just going to ask you what do you think? Who is most of the way in for the dolphins? Sorry team. Which is a thing that was very I thought that was pretty generous to me. I said that's sorry team. Yeah because it's a sorry as team or a first ball team or prosthetic. I might say sorry team and I'm sure that a lot of you are sorry. J. Feeleer Dave wants that eight-way in high-zinga. AJ Touchy Feely the offensive line. Low-hourd Davided Ricky Williams. I hate the dolphins right now give us some. Let's see I'm voting that one right there. How about those patriots? Oh yeah. I just mentioned that see that's called rubbing it in. That's like tiling on. That's bad. 15 yards for piling on. Well we're good at we got a bunch of votes under already now. I saw the sun sitting on had a similar poll of an underlies exciting or a Labor Disars. A couple of days ago and Dave wants that one out when hands down your pants. But isn't it the one-state era? Maybe that's the problem that is the one-state era. He's got the first 69 votes. Look at that number. Dave wants that 25. I don't give it to him. I don't give it to him. Wayne 14. The offensive line six. More Howard David and four. I hate the dolphins three. Ricky Williams two. AJ Touchy Feely two. AJ Feely is only got one. Oh, I'm going to play it all the game at the day. Is he just like vanished now Josh? Is that the deal we just ain't going to see him no more? Yeah probably. Nah. Poor Jay. I think it's a Jewish thing. Anyway, here's one of our factors this morning. We have a few. Oh, this one's too long. So, here's some points for conversation. This one's too long. Goes on and on forever. Regarding the Pentagon video, Clyde Lewis dot com had had that on his site a little bit over two years ago. Clyde is a newsman and pop show host out there in Portland, Oregon. Why have the pleasure to meet you another reliable radio friend that says. Part of the reason those films by the DOT never is an area that they were confiscated is because the general public doesn't have a need to know according to your federal government. Yeah, they never say said in the clip, right? Right. You don't have any need to know. So those agencies surveillance films that they were taken, they confiscated that tape because it's going to show you stuff that they don't want you to see. And the fact that there was no 757 that Christ in the Pentagon. But if you don't believe me, just take a look at that clip. But might at least make us think a little bit Pentagon 911 on our neorarger.com. When you're through a look at a Pamela Smart and shaking your head into the smay like, oh my, is that the best you can do? George, come up with some better stuff. Yes, everyone I said it. There's only about how many million, about 30 million those websites would use celebrity. So we'll find what goes to the quality, you know. Well, when's that start? Anyway, this fact says, yeah, during the summers of the late 60s, early 70s, while vacationing in northern Ontario, I was privileged to hear a dynamic radio and it's a day from an abundance of stations, including the great 1190. You're absolutely correct. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa I don't want to hear Howard Ramblot the end of his show for 25 minutes. Now, the way he would like to hear me in there instead, but guess what? We'll take it. But that's what I call his Dave. And he also includes this thing from the Emerilow Globe News. Where they say, guess column by GN Alexander, Globe News makes bad call endorsing Bush. That just we little taste of it here. She says, and it's September 12th edition, the Globe News endorsed George W. Bush for now the term as president. I certainly wasn't surprised by this endorsement. However, the basis for it has me baffled. The endorsement was based on several claims, one is that John Kerry has a record of notorious footballing. The editorial implies that George W. is a straight shooter. Probably his wife and we tells me something different. I recall a number of instances of Bush footballing, and the 2000 of the Bates he told us he opposed nation voting and getting involved in the phrase of other countries. Yet he invaded and his rebuilding both Iraq and Afghanistan. Bush started supporting with a beta rat because he told us out of the same line she goes on and on, but all these things that we know. And he opposed the 9-11 commission and embraced it. He refused to testify that it changed his mind as long as they've changed his own. And all these things. Nice going, Jane, and Emerald Texas for a bit of a big conversation. On 560. And on the... Don't wait to. I mean, moving. Oh, I don't know anything. I've been waiting for you. I've been seeing your pain. I've been waiting for you. I've been waiting for you. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. things we could tell us in it. There is the unsung hero of the show, Book of Brian. I just got an inspiration for the Mars, Paul and the show. All right, let's sing it. I'll leave it up to him. No, seriously, he's got so many of them, including most of which we can still play because many of them he edited for us so that Joyce wouldn't get all been out of shape. But I know we did a long time ago. What's your favorite Book of Brian comedy been? And we could like most of them tomorrow, right? Sure. Because it is Friday, huh? Right. Oh, there's so many. I mean, that would be right here. It's Friday tough. Friday time. I mean, I do like more temple in, uh, in, uh, in, uh, Yelde Stevens a lot. President, um, proud and dumb Schmidt, right? But, uh, this one here, I mean, just, uh, I can't do no words to describe it. Plus, of course, by by Yelde, by Bob. I should have played that for when he was in the studio this morning. He's heard it overnight. He's probably singing it at the bars on a weekend at the karaoke bars. But, don't you think that, uh, yeah, I think I think that's a really slow idea. Now, we should probably in this person called her to here because we got two hours and 41 minutes left that I'm counting until two o'clock. Let's see the schedule shows Mad Dog at two and no mole and no Humper today. How do you like that? So we don't have any controversy at four. I think one of the reasons we didn't have mole, that's probably by Geldie came into the day. Because he included, if there was no mole. Don't, don't, don't, don't. It wouldn't run into each other in a hallway. That would be bad. Because Mad Dog 2 to 4 you got hurricanes day on QAM. Then at 6th or E. Hurricanes game day, which is the 496.5 FM and then Marlon's on deck up a few AM6 30. You following all this, you writing it down? No. Philly's at the Marlon's at P.P. Park, the poor Marlon's man, say, bye by by to the wildcard, but they gave it a good shot. A 705 denied at the ballpark. They used in Cougars. Now, the girl seemed at the hurricane's at the on the 496 and 45. And hurricanes extra point at 1130 somewhere. I'm sure the Marlon game should be over by then less igorched. Then he shouldn't be on QAM unless of course whatever. Got it? Gives 670560 pound 560 and the Verizon and singular wireless lines. WQAM, hello? The call to death is aimed at us again. You're in it again, man. You got your pliable view, your vis-queen? It's going to blow the plastic off by roof now. There you go. I thought I got it. Or it's a very, at the very least, a little. What do they call those things? Does when you know, a weather vein? No, no, not a weather vein. The little thing with the spins around up there on the roof. Oh, well, that's all part of the, it's like three or four different things that are on there. It's a matter of different things. That thing depends around. I don't know the actual, the little thing depends around. A little cup of it. Yeah. I don't know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's, it's, it's, it's yours. What I'm talking about? Like a venting on the roof. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, those things get blown off too. If you don't, I think it's about the thing on the roof. It's been several good luck. You're probably get your plywood and water stock up right now. Jeans coming. But man, oh, man, so many good reasons not to be in South Florida. Of course, the leading foremost is your void was nasty hurricanes and the weather ones too. Five sitting that's bad to be seen on the day when the hurricanes are hosting me, press the excuse, you know, Houston hoogers, other girls team. WDC Land Hill. Yeah, sir. WQA, hello. Any light doing pretty good? Did you hear about the modeling upcoming giveaway? And what's that? Dave and boring final opener. It's a good thing you didn't say that Dave and boring channel, but that would have been bad. Get out of here. That would have been really bad. When it would have been. But funny. And then of course Josh has got a sit and Mr. Merit. Now, has he ever made any comment? I doubted. But has he ever sent anything to you about this show or about the comments that are made about him? Come on. No. You liar? You just see the lion face. No, come on. I mean, you know, this is already about two feet long now and growing like the no-fielks coming through the window. You can tell us. I can handle it. I got broad shoulders. I mean, Greg was all pissed off in the yesterday and I was going to be Dave and boring through the day. I can handle it. I'm not an emotional cripple. You know, we might have said a few things, but like what? You can give us your sample. The audience would like to hear like what? That's not a big deal. He just laughs about it. You know, good times. So, he's got a good humor about it. In fact that he's boring. He's all get out. I'm sure he's a wonderful guy. Everybody tells me he's a good guy and he's got a beautiful wife and a bad herpes. Right. Am I right so far? I'm sure everyone. Definitely a visual thing. Yeah. Oh, good. I heard is that the Muscratch jumped off a mosaic and hopped up and tried to mate with a one on Dave's head, but that could be just a rumor. Anyway, here's the appell. Let's get off of that. Or is it what's your name again? That's what is called? We have, I don't know what we like. Or the L.O.O. have Jean here. We have Carl and this is called Storm Lisa. The latter two, not going to affect the United States. I'll thank you, Mr. Matt. I'll ask you how about Carl. But Jean, the 72, 96 out. Jean, the Dan, the still in the stream. Storm, we have tropical snow. I don't care about it to Ivan. That's New Orleans. They're animals anyway. Look, they're party animals. Anyway, look, they're souls. Here's the ideal on the poll so far. The Ford Dolphins, man. 184 votes. Question is, who is most of the brain productions? Sorry, team. And they really are, sorry. Dave wants that, 67. He's going to win hands down. So wants to hear it. And it sucks. I don't give a Schmidt 37. 8-way in highs in good 22. The offensive line, 17, and they are offensive, man. I hate that often 16. Ricky Williams 12. He's busy smoking a wicked, though, weed in Australia. No Howard David in 10. AJ Feely, 2 in J. P. Lerwann. It almost happened. Mo came to town. That's when everything started going downhill for the Dolphins. Absolutely. Oh, God. He put the Jets curse on the team. Is what I believe. You're going to love this story. This is so amazing. What is state? What? I thought you said wait. No. With the state patrol airplane overhead, a motorcycle has hit the throttle and possibly sent the informal record for the fastest speeding ticket in Minnesota history. 205 miles an hour. Oh, my God. I mean, you talk about hauling ass and wasting gas. On Saturday afternoon, state patrol pilot, Al Loni, I wonder if he's kind to like Susan Loni and Ceciloni to harness drivers. State patrol pilot, Al Loni, was flying near Wabasha in southeast Minnesota. I'm sure that's not how you pronounce it. I'm a Wisconsin border. Watching two motorcycles racing over the long US Highway 61. The longer the rider shot for, where Loni was ready with his stopwatch, he clicked at once the moment when the motorcycle reached a white marker on the road and again a quarter mile later, the watch read 4.39 seconds which Loni calculated to be 25 miles an hour. I was in total disbelief. It was on the Loni told the St. Paul Pioneer Press for Tuesday's editions. I had to double check my watch because in 27 years, I've never seen anything move that fast. Several law enforcement sources told the newspaper that although no official records are kept, it was probably the fastest ticket ever written in the state. After about three quarters of a mile, the backer sold over about 100 miles an hour and let the other cycle catch up, but then Loni, by then, had radioed ahead to another state trooper who pulled a two over soon after, were thankful for that. The state patrol arrested the fast rider, 20 year old still water-resistant, Samuel Armstrong, till he for reckless driving, driving without a motorcycle license and driving 140 miles an hour over the posted speed limit of 165. Well, let's see, 140 times five is 700, right? Okay. It's not a honging. I'll take this. I'm looking at the story. It doesn't say anything about the amount of the fine. But isn't it like five bucks for each mile over to speed limit? How the hell would I know? I call the ticket to Penn State. All right. You know, come to call the ticket to Penn State? All right. I think that would be like trying to defend the defenses. Oh, I speak of that. A starter was broken. Speaking of that, I'm used. Cats Stevens is back home. I'm going to play that bit again when we call that. That is just so sensational. The British recording artist, use of Islam, returned to London Thursday, saying he was shocked and slightly amused. Kind of like, yeah, slightly. The famous after US officials, the termity was on a terrorist watch list and was not allowed under the US of A. Islam, the peace activists in singer once noticed cats Stevens City was traveling in Nashville with his daughter for recording session when he was approached the board of the flight into Washington, D.C. I'll be honest with you having been in Nashville at one of the couple of months years ago. The last thing that can happen is you could turn around sent away. Suddenly we were forced to land and some I was being interrogated by all these FBI officers he said at a press conference at London's Heter Airport. The whole thing is totally ridiculous. Everybody knows who I am. You know, I'm no secret figure. Everybody knows my campaigning for charity and for peace. They've got to be a whole lot of our stories and hopefully there will be bad. This is I just hope they made a big mistake and the interesting part of this story is that he would have visited the US 20 times in the last year and nobody ever said not and. Well, think about how much explosive he probably smuggled in. God Almighty, can you imagine all the people are going to die because of those visits? You see this thing on theory, a tree's lawn tree shovel. Nope. Final rolling, the husband can remove the tube by by theory by the food. That's not chicken in chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken. It seems to me I ought to treat and sour a pork, but God feels on my form. Here on my form. There's a cat in the kettle at the beginning. The place that I eat every day at noon. They can be a cat and you'll have a note once they're out there. There's a thin note voice. They try to do it. Once they're out there, they're up there in no voice. They try as well, quicks and no. Challenge asked if I wanted more. Let's see what's dialing up his body at the old. That's doesn't know today. I lost my appetite. Let's do cats in my belly and they want the face. I was stuck in on a roller then the thumbs are too. When I swear I've heard it mute and that is when I knew. It's because the cat and the kettle are the teaching moves. Think I got a stop eating their food. They say that it's deep for the show of food. But it's perimder on my form. There's a hairball on my form. What I said about doing it five, six, the WQA and Happy Thursday two. The good news is we got Cat Stevens man, a hardened dangerous terrorist. They would be small to hit. But the bad news is, under recovered investigators were able to sneak explosives and weapons past security screeners at 15 airport station wide according to a government report and aviation security. They can't have it. They can sneak in and bomb a grand day and all these other good things. The government watched off for the Department of Homeland Security Clark Kent Irvin. Yeah that is his name. And we take off his glasses. He puts a cape on. Clark Kent Irvin. The liberty results of the test in a classified report to members of Congress. The performance was poor said Irvin the department's inspector general and releasing a less detailed version yesterday. The tests were done on the second half of 2003 but they highlight ongoing vulnerable. These are the nations aviation security system especially in detecting explosives such as those that Russian authorities say were used to bring down to airliner's last month. Anybody want to fly to there? Why? Representative John Mecher, we published a flooring chairman of a house aviation subcommittee confirmed that the longer classified report showed, weapons that explosives got by-screeners. You said the results of weapons were bad enough. But the results on explosives were at, these are his words, absolutely horrendous. How do you like that? So we got 10 Stevens. And earlier report in 2003 by the GAO found that under coverage in Srable to Slip Guns, knives and box cutters past screeners. And it goes on about how we do this and we do that. Unfortunately, it may take some horrific wake-up call to get attention. Mike was said Clark Kent Irvin's report blamed poor training and management of the thousands of screeners who work for the TSA, the vision of how mine security department also said that the need for better equipment and technology. Maybe part of the problem is that they pay more attention to screening the bags instead of yucking up with each other would be past users they're going through. And Mike really finds something. Because I noticed that now it's back to the yuck, yuck. You see that? What's that? Yeah, that crap again. Speed the yuck, yuck. Yeah. You get this story about Jimmy Swagger threatening to kill Gays, is that on your pile? No, I did not. On its way. You don't mean that Schlander and Phoning hypocritical Jimmy Swagger. I mean that good God through encryption is that effect is the local story, so I'm surprised you didn't see it local for you. I didn't see it. Oh, and Toronto. Well, we got a lot of crazy people here. So, facts that along. Anyway, here's a fact from a chip who says was obviously a weathermavent. He says nothing to be confused with the weather fairies regarding G and the models this morning show three coming into Palm Beach with the highest-stained winds at 110 miles an hour. It gust much higher. Uh oh. Only two models show this drum coming in with the treasure coast. The conflict is how fast or slowly G and will be moving once you get the other side of 76 west. That's when the water gets to degrees warmer. Strike probability is 16% for both west Palm Beach and four pierce on Sunday at 8 in the A.M. And Yadiyada Yadiyada. And also we says, Pamela, who Martin God? Well, you were doing real good. Then you got to that point, you know, I guess. Ha ha ha ha. Everybody's squirrel finds a nut or something like that. How do you like that? Torne Joyce. There's a lot of, I'm sorry. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Is this a, yeah? Yes sir. Hey guys. You guys are doing great. I listened to you guys. I never really listened to A and before and so how are you? I came on there. But I just in the book you're showing us. Thank God for you, man. We love you. And I think you guys are great. You guys need to get me son of like, man. New son of a fact. You guys are doing good though. Okay. Thanks, Paul. I knew son of a fact. I'll pay a son along the Joyce. He doesn't get it. We got eight million son of a fact. The only problem is we have a lot of play to many more because we have this uptight, big to little bit of a four off four Myers-Nacals. We're ever teaching out and everything we want to play. Everything we want to. We can't do that. Can't do that. The SEC. Oh, it's been to the SEC. We'll get that little later on. Would I find it? I'm going to tell you once again, which is not a very promising thing. It's not just a right wing thing or a left wing thing. It's an everything thing. It's an American freaking thing because free speech is gone. And John, John, Eilstein, who's one of the democrat, one of the two democrats on the five member of SEC. He's the most rabbit of them all. He thinks they should have liked to probably cut their things off at the CBS. They can make that 550,000 back in half a minute and on a super bowl. That's an old big deal. So if you think there's somebody out there from the left, from the right, from the middle, from up to on top, from underneath, who's going to save our effort, get about it and going to happen. Because America is in this deep repression now. We're dead anyway. Evangelists do me swagger threatens to kill Gaze. How do you like that? And of course, you know what they say about people like that usually they turn out to be. But aiming. A Canadian television station is a politicized publicly reviewers for a telecast of American evangelist Jimmy Swagger's CD program in which he's threatened to kill Gaze. Oh my God. The program air last week on Omni One. Oh, yeah, you want to hear Omni One? All right. A Toronto multi-cultural station. I was working for CBS at the time. Two because I was so fast. That's the Tony Danza show there at our right now. So that proves how they really suck. Anyway, the program air last week by Omni One, a Toronto multi-cultural station in throughout the USA is also prompted investigation by the Canadian radio television commission in CRTC, the government agency which regulates television. During the program, a rambling sermon by Swagger who's trying to rehab himself after and rest for soliciting a press on a frost of tuta. The teleangel is turned to the subject of game marriage. According to a transcript of the program, Swagger said, I'm trying to find the correct name for this. It is utter absolute ass and unediotic stupidity of men marrying men. I've never seen a man in my life I wanted a married and I'm going to be blunt and plain. If whenever looks at me like that, I'm going to kill him until God he died. The remarks were met with applause from his congregation. The program was hit the Swagger's ministry in the warlings where voters Sunday agreed to amend the Louisiana Constitutional Bar St.S. marriage. The CRTC investigation was prompted by a complaint by a viewer in Ottawa. It is not known if any complaints have been made in the USA with the show appears on stations in all 50 states. A spokesperson for the FCC, which regulates TV in the US, did not return calls for comments on it. There are two busy with data actions, movie, movie. They don't care about some phone-evolent or in the minister out there preaching killing days. Toronto Station only one review that's a complete mistake was made. A spokesperson called the remarks a serious breach of Canadian broadcast regulations. A man who is owned by Rogers Communications, they conglomerate the controls they larged his cable in cell phone companies in Canada and also my cable company here is a matter of fact. And also one's TV and radio stations in a publishing company under Canadian law hates pieces of criminal offense. Ron Kants lawyer said both the stations driver could be charged in the mission that he penned in post by the CRTC, Yadi Adiyati. In 1987 a careful sermon big forgiveness from his followers after being found with a prostitute. Jimmy DeFony Swagger. Another Rush Lomboff, he has me. Another Fony Belonny right wing hypocrite. And the time radiation gave me a gun. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He looked at me man. Right. By the way Jimmy, I see me and I wouldn't look at it. Short-sensitive, new Rush Lomboff, exclusive term on five six seven eight. And if you're out of work why not lift yourself up and join the Jimmy Swagger administration? Right now there are numerous openings you can fill by assuming a missionary position with Jimmy Swagger. Transportation is provided. Jimmy will drive you around personally. You'll not only get hands on experience, you'll get hands all over you experience. Assume the missionary position right now and you'll work directly under Jimmy Swagger. After all, you already have something in common with Jimmy. You want a job and he wants a job. The first one. It's a long 45 at five, 60 WQA, and 299 votes on a pool who is most of the blame for the offense. Sorry, S team. Hey, once that one 13. It's the one set era. I don't give it 6th. H1 highs in the 41. The offensive line has got. But, I hate it all this 21. Rick you wake him up, 15. Mohour David is 15. AJ, Turkey, Feely, 2 and. He's only got a pair. A small one. Anyway, don't forget to look for that QA in fan right now if he's shell-staste in the corner of Broward and University in plantation. Stop by to pick up movie passes to watch later 49 next week and the FB-found and Z movie theater. Free passes. Got it? Got it. No television event has ever received as many complaints. I probably should take a few more calls and maybe I will before it's too far. But I just, I got piles man and I definitely will be on Howard Show tomorrow's fourth of the world's biggest hemorrhate. I got piles. I mean, just two important stuff. You know how it is. Some days when you got in portals, somebody you don't have much. Today just a huge pile. No TV event has ever received as many complaints from the American public over 540,000 as a Super Bowl half-time or produced by CBS. Open German Michael Paul's remarks about the FCC's 550,000-dollar fine living against Viacom. As countless families gathered around the television and watch our nation's most celebrated events, they were really greeted with halftime show, stunned more fitting and made were less show. The show currently intended to push the limits of prime time TV, ultimately violated the federal law that restricts and decent programming of times when children are less likely to be watching. The US Constitution is generous in its protection for expression, but it is not a license to thrill. I guess it's a license to chill, but not a license to thrill, right? Anything goes is not an acceptable mantra for those who would like to earn their profit using the public's airways, you said. How I said the Janet Jackson Justin Tinkerbell Wardrobe malfunction was the only person that had time show that he felt overstepped the indecency boundaries, noting that other FCC commissioners wanted to extend the fines for the risk-aid dance performances and also for inappropriate material and some of the commercials they are doing the Super Bowl. Is this incredible or what? I bet you didn't even know that, right? Paul said I agree that some of the performances were where scale and that commercials were frequently crashed and suffomorph, but they were hardly indecents within the bounds of federal law. Now I hope that joy is as less than that, okay? Because the one commercial we always talk about is the one with a farting horse, right? He says they were hardly indecents within the bounds of federal law, to let those governmental sanctions on such a thin premises to stray from our limited rule and enforcing the indecency laws into the rule of national nanny, arbiter of taste values in for priority. How do you like that? That coming from the anxious, Michael Powell, son of the lying bastard secretary of state, Colin Rollen Powell. Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein was perhaps the harshest as usual in his partial dissended judgment calling it a regular three-mile function. There's a malfunction at your junction, you know what I'm saying Jonathan? That's the place. Based on the careful review of the records at Adelstein, I find today's remedy totally inadequate. After all the bold talkets and slap on the wrist, it can be paid with just seven and a half seconds a super bowl add time. The $550,000 fine measures up to only about a dollar per complaint for the more than 542,000 complaints that plugged into the FCC after the broadcast. While the commission must always proceed cautiously in broadcast decency cases, this type of graphic and gratuitous nudity is not a close call continued Adelstein. The millions of our nation children who were ambushed by the Super Bowl have time showed us are better protection. A fine of seven and a half seconds of Adelstein. Would you calm down? We're not talking about Mexico or Spain or Spain, we're a country or not, man. But Italy or France. That's right. A fine of seven or half seconds of Adelstein is scarcely any deterrent. The shock waves are still being felt by this shameful episode. I fear that today we'll respond to a wardrobe malfunction with a regular three-mile function, TV saying. FCC Commissioner, what that was at? Michael Cops was another of the commissioners that wanted to take fines further stating, I agreed that the Super Bowl half time show violated the indesancy statute, and I'm pleased that we're taking this step who'd restated horrible incident, I remain treble however by certain aspect of the season therefore not approve of it entirely. The commission received complaints of other aspects of the half time showing some of the commercial continued cops. Yet the order dismisses these complaints in a footnote with hardly any analisational explanation. The FCC relies on viewers and listeners to file complaints about indesan broadcast, and places a heavy burden on complaining citizens, he says the citizens that filed these complaints have a right to expect more of a commission follow through on their complaints. That's right. If you are a farting horse on TV, you ought to be bitching and screaming a yelling. The fact that we got over a thousand dead Americans over there in Iraq and that our Americans are getting their heads chopped off every day, that's nothing to worry about. But when you see a booby or farting horse, that's when you ought to get on your high horse and the screen and carry on like crazy. And I say high horse, well, you did, on your high chair. For make sure Kevin J. Martin agreed with cops stating first hundreds of thousands of viewers across the company filed complaints, asking us to find very s aspects of the civil or half time show and decent. Some even complained that the whole show was indesan. This notice however analyzes only one segment of show, we have a duty to public to fully analyze all the complaints that we receive. Paul also addressed an assuming rate by many broadcasts about having said no said guidelines for an indesancy definition saying, it is not possible to write a red book of dozen don't through as it wise. This is always comes back to the same crap. There are simply too many settle days and too many contexts in which you give me a form of speech, I'd agree to generalize and set of rules. The individual facts in the context are critical to separating protected speech from our mothl speech. Well, how about just giving us some general guidelines that make sense, okay? Instead of just a bunch of double talk and mumbo jumbo, you idiot you goof off, you clown, you silly person. You uptight phony baloney, proved. Anyway, all here's a poll about suggesting for a poll, dolphin, denny, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, y. yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, yani, him, yani, mucha yani, yani, yani, yv este, yani, yani y ku tropicalology soccer football I'm a man of your body, but I'm a steady with the real sharp brain I'm aware that I'm at an American hostage I'm in those in their veins I'm just always shooting this classic I'm just always in the air, my face It's sudden, it's G, G The man, you die in birds And where's how am I in? I don't know what I'm like I'm in solid by an M16 But what do they want with me? The man, you're not going to fund terrorism Really? It's not time to be off the fence Just relax and take him easy The other just don't pass your fault It wouldn't happen if I were to sign the exchange And the rag If you want, A, D, T Another variation of the classic I asked myself every day With some American shit games Tell me who would you harm his saying I'm just here to cover my tongue To the neck of a woman She lifted her an exporter So by no cash he would steal She would pay for 19 and five Or you can pay with me some nice regards Or weapons of nice to do 12, all three of five 60 I love it How many more times are going to play that today? About 10 men at least I got it too And we got the hurricanes again They had four all at this stuff On Q, A, M, M, M, M, M, M, M, M Six, on this over here over there That's all over the place We're like a spreading disease man We're all over your radio dial Friends of the Bush's debate negotiators gave up one big quid for some small but important quos From Senator John Kerry's debate team The reaching agreement announced yesterday Swers is posted in negotiations Said While agreeing to the three debates The Kerry team wanted including a town hall in counter Team Bush led by the Uxia's James A Baker the Third You turned Also got the Democratic presidential nominee Side of agreed to switch to the main topics To make foreign policy the subject of the first debate The Bush negotiators also won a two-minute limit On the candidate's responses Or will I say a restrictment to Kerry's Grandstanding tendencies A bipartisan commission of headquarters Making the first debate about the domestic policy The law foreign policy seen as Mr. Bush's strong suit Was proposed as the topic for the third debate Because the first debate has historically You're on the largest television audience And the third debate gets a small C.V. The issue the topic was a major game for team Bush Oh yeah, they're really doing good on foreign policy Aren't they? Mr. Kerry's negotiators Meanwhile, one three chances for their man who appear side by side Is an equal to the president And three chances for Mr. Bush to miss speak Things like Abu Ghara, which Mr. Kerry's report It says been the president's tendency and unscripted exchanges The important thing was for Kerry to be able to be there with the president Do you watch the more times he does that And more elevators, political status He said they were quite a political consultant and drew us a well Got a yati, yati And it goes on about they're going to do this They're going to bed and the Bush is going to fomping and stumble And fumble and get all of sentence from off the stage How come? And again, never how little a media made of that About when a day that he just stormed off the stage And that press conference Yeah Yeah, and like nothing happened It's like we saw that But two-three times that was in a bad As enemies of tyranny Yeah, that's right Anyway, more he does got a good calm We better take a call or two though first 560, 560, pound-560 On the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line Because these calls are singularly Sensation is only one anyway WCQA and hello Maybe I don't find it Alright, Kelly For this, about the past story you read with your P.C. You know, find it CBS The thing that aggregates you to note They do a 560,000 people complain That's left in a 25% of the people that watch this people And in a 25% 25% 0.5% Oh, 0.5% yeah, right And if they can't navigate through the motions They can't even most think of playing for their children Let's have a transformative country Let's have a child and a 11-30 night in a school night Rocking a Super Bowl You know, my children are going to eat a clock And I'd be corned again for them You know what? I'd come out that Janet part on the tape You know, and it is right now There was 11-30 and night, I don't think so Yeah, the game started at 9-20 The topic did all the announcements It would be ceremonies The game started at 9-20 I thought the game started at 6-6-6-20 No, it was 9-20 I haven't picked it on Easter Anyway, also I don't know Yeah, I don't know that I don't know Go ahead, keep your composure man I'm not going to say anything I have a great day pal Oh, I'm a West Coast, I could see that Of course we don't know if any complaints came in from the West Coast Because they're used to all kinds of perversion and filth and grossest stuff And body parts and those things that we can't see And even if work on choices upside down to side I've Stevie Wonder Right? Right I mean, seriously, the idea that they actually considered finding them For the dance routines and for the For the farting horse commercial I mean What did I say at the time? The fact that Americans sit back and they accept this and take it like Oh yeah, well this makes sense to me, you know Or they're not like writing in the streets over How is that possible? How is it possible at America so passive They'll take any craft at the government dishes out Oh well, and I'm like you can tell me You go to these appearances They can't believe that we can't play the far-side Sounds anymore, we can't play 80% of the comedy but sitting more Because the government now has become the moral senses They keep saying well, we don't want to go overboard Right The civilized world for those of you though it's a 40 of you out there with a passport We actually get to go to living and breeding countries around the West They're laughing at America Number one, they hate the president, they hate most of you because of the president Because of the government, our bunch of Nazis But over and above and beyond that they can't believe Just like when Clinton was doing a lot of capinezcate stuff And it couldn't believe that Oh my god, he's exactly the whole world is like in this belief Like the whole government's thinks is spending that Because the president's screwing around like that's a big new revelation Oh and speaking of that, he won't be doing it again soon Lots of he says No, that's what the inquiruses me, inquiruses me, inquiruses about your private Clinton's sex fears is his lust, life, over Big article, all kinds of good stuff in inquiruses week, it's about time And as president recovers from hearts or dreary doctors Or when he may never be able to crack up the passion like he used to He ain't going to be able to crack it up Former president in Bill Clinton has just gotten what could be the biggest blow of his entire life Now ice, I don't want to go there but Don't I mean you people of the inquirre better watch yourself Or Joyce is going to be coming after your ass, you're right over there in Lantana And she's going to be knocking your door down, scum and let me in Let me in, stuff like that He may never be able to have sex again Medical experts tell globe that for oh this is not the inquirre I'm sorry excuse me all it's the same building the globe That for the next month passion bouts are an absolute no-no for the As president he recovers from his recent quadruple heart by pan surgery I brought the globe here and I thought it was the inquirre Oh my god the freaking globe But the doctors were not Clinton may also be haunted by a terrifying A fear of sudden death and that scare could keep him from indulging What was his unofficial favorite pastime romping between the sheets The possibility of doing anything strange was to terrifying Everyone was had heart surgery and especially for man like Bill who was sexually attractive and actresses a long time Pal Dr. Richard Stein, a spokesperson for the American Heart Association in the York tells the globe Even though we tell patients who had cardiac events in his quadruple bypass or heart attack That it's safe to resume sex after four weeks at least 50% of them don't do it for a long time We tell them that it's safe but there's still so much fear out there that our advice goes in one year and out the out the Right dome, out the rear, out the other rear Despite our best efforts in convincing our patients that it's okay they put off having sex for months or until they exercise And see that breaking a sweat doesn't bother heart attack You'll let the people dying during sex is still pervasive and haunts patients who have had cardiac events Well, I do like that Now marine doubt rights The prince of tides tacking and attacking She's so good. She's not good on TV though Nope They hit around MSNBC which on the old I'm only one of 10 people I never watched him as NBC I'll tell you who actually is coming on pretty good lately And I don't like him personally, but his show is actually a do I do I do say Chris Mathews Okay, I don't like can't stand him, but he actually has some good, you know I don't want to say it. He's good. Okay Anyway Marine doubts is I had to come all the way to Hollywood and she's talking California not Florida I had to come all the way to Hollywood to find Democrats who can actually sound sincere when they say John Kerry is turned to corner Mr. Kerry is looking for quarters to turn in his campaign just as frankly as the person looking for quarters to turn in Iraq I wait Mr. Kerry's chances higher But even here among the rights despised liberal culture, it culturally lead Some disenchanted Democrats are already lusting for the Clinton restoration in 2008 Kerry's always trying to hard to prove his guide him one influential Democrat side while Bush comes across the more real guy Republicans back in Washington and not only mocking these spandex coded Mr. Kerry's win surfing video on their ads They scoff at the notion that the wins it is back I'm not sure it's turning according to do readjust and Kelly seared one who has been taken talking about Mr. Kerry in the past tense The Bush's first private calculation about I Mr. Kerry can't get traction would be comic if it weren't tragic You can't effectively argue that he could do something differently in Iraq because W has so ball-expped up the place that even a change at the top wouldn't help You never be able to get any other countries to help us one Bush insider said Even the British only have 7,000 troops in Iraq compared to our 150,000 the London observer reported that despite growing dangers in Iraq The main British force will be cut by a third Mr. Kerry is finally begun to fight back and put the focus on Iraq instead of Vietnam His speech on Monday was compelling unlike W's toxic cotton candy spin as the additional advantage of being true Going after Sodom as the Senate assess was the A-diversion for our greatest enemy or some have been lulled We've traded a dictator for a chaos that has left America less secure Kerry said We have as Mr. Kerry says a present and vice president who are in denial in a fantasy world and who are guilty of colossal figures in judgment W did his wife in the ideologues who surround him filtering off those who disagreed including leaders of his own party in the uniform military America's credibility in the world as plummeted as Mr. Kerry says just at the time we have to deal with the truly scary spokes in the access of evil The ones where we are nuclear threat not an imaginary one Mr. Kerry's case has a hollow center it was asked to address press conference on two of the about W's side reminders that his rival give him a 30 to go to war and playing in threat playing Fract's W's rush term and a nearly agreed he still would have voted to give that a 30 even if there were no WMDs That vote he replied was correct because we needed to hold Sodom was saying accountable for weapons that's what America believed Not all Americans the administration ruled that Democrats on the authorization vote was clear at the time that going after Sodom to punish or some of eight no sense That change in committee were going to use Sodom as a lab rat for all their old neoconogendas It was clear as the fleet sailed to it Iraq that the Bush crew had no interest in diplomacy that awarded a cast rate deflastic You went the flower child colon pal and his pinstripe state department Snot a year old Europe ended a spy Sodom to show that a Murphy's a hyper power not to be messed with As I quoted a girlfriend saying in September 2002 a month before Mr. Kerry's authorization vote Bush is like the guy who reserves a hotel room and asked you to the prom Mr. Kerry says it was the way the president went about challenging Sodom that was wrong rather than the fact he challenged Sodom He sidesteping the central moral issue It was wrong for the president to take on Sodom as a response to 911 to pretend that it was a threat to our national security To drum up a fake case on weapons and a fall link to our al Qaeda and tonight heard our energy emotions and material from the real enemy to an old enemy who's at risk We knew it was wrong to take Americans to war without time the truth about why we were doing it what it would cost it wasn't the way the good it was what he did Must have used Luo Interior's gemoliy arms AC are Welcome Copy Copy Oh Let your five-star life feel that way It's so safe in its way It's so safe in its way It's so safe in its way There's a problem At moment, it's a season smile Over three of all That's great that far it's heard And just they go, it's all It's just for show It's for show Like the other, it's the only part And the shorter It's the 50-to-all Oh my god Oh, it's the only time I've been hurt like rocker I've got her day back I've been hurt like rocker I've been up so sure Joy-she's been up for a month It's finally said, well by preference You know, better check it out Which part is it? 12-19 Of course we do all by Joy's doing We're not be something to find out more about Joy's Anyway, this is a great article written by Diana Diana doesn't have a last name Although we will get back to you, Diana In the globe Oh, I see Diana sig free She does have a last name It's one of those, um, let's see a Hollywood One of those kind of cons of the globe Diana shoots from the lip Wait till you hear this It's really for a tabloid It's a music, the tabloids generally Because they pill the trailer fresh crab The tabloids generally are purely right wing crab But Diana says, by George he's got nerve In her explosive new book author Kitty Kelly calls President Bush a liar, this is news Just look at the so-called war on terror Initially I supported it very, very reluctantly I might add choosing to believe that if these Intelligent people such as Colin Paulyntoni Glyr believed it was the right move Then they obviously knew more than they're telling us And so be it, the public is not entitled And everything that's going on Now all I know is too many people are coming home either In bits or in body bags and for what? Does anyone even talk about Osama anymore? Wasn't he the tear we were looking to eliminate? But back to this book the family, the real story of the Bush dynasty Which surprised the price has got the Bush camp up in arms While going to battle is their first impulse Kelly claims W is a shy, charmalist, booser and druggy With some does knows that the honor of the president See by repeating repeatedly snorting cocaine a camp David When his dad George senior held the highest office in the land Years earlier in the 70s, George he boy arranged for a pregnant girlfriend And having a abortion by then he had already developed In a several relationship with alcohol And began to celebrate a photographer when he struggled academically in boarding school The booze also came in handy with the ladies And a coin sitting now, can I interrupt my reading of this? Do you notice that she makes reference to the pregnant girlfriend Having an abortion? Yeah. Now has anybody in the media because I haven't read the book yet I've summed through and read selected parts But it's a huge book and I'll get to it this weekend But if that's actually in there, why hasn't they made even talking about that And what about in seven in the 2000, what do they mean? What do they mean? What do they mean? They just look either in Canadian blood It says years earlier in the 70s, George he boy arranged for a pregnant girlfriend And having a abortion by then he had already developed an in several relationship with alcohol That began since the celebrity biographically when he struggled academically in boarding school The booze also came in handy with the ladies And acquaintance recall George couldn't relate to when unless he was loaded Kelly sources a tribute substance abuse to his suspension From flying during his stint in the monasional guard Although relevant documents are mysteriously missing from the record It gets worse. The author claims George was at times so abusive to why he waslor She fled their homstervel times The police were never involved probably because of some arm twisting by the powerful bush clan Not that she was so innocent either it seems according to Kelly Miss Miss Prim was the go-to girl from marijuana during her college days Now I don't care that the president drank or did drugs I don't care that he or she I remember hopeful held help terminate a pregnancy I'd rather have someone real in office Someone human has made mistakes was a little or a lot And if we relate to people as blood as we all are Better that than some sanctimonious straight arrow who looks down on you and me What gets me if any of Kelly's claims are true is that first doesn't admit to any of his task failings or his president once And as the girl the slime has opponents for lesser evils Sure his spin doctors had to sense to tell him to mess up the boozing That goes down smooth with his beard-guzz and gun-totent supporters Especially after you throw in the religion crap police These supporters blast that Kelly's blockbuster book is out of where you just and overly time to affect the upcoming election Well duh, but they can just calm themselves down right now because the sad truth is bush ain't going nowhere Far as I can tell the majority of the voting public favors tax cuts for the rich higher health care costs fewer jobs a census expensive for our grandchildren Still be paying for a gazillion dollar deficit the destruction of the environment and educational system that's the shame of the free world And no book no matter how sensational is going to change that Accorator why you're right boy Tight Can you see no for any punches there that bitch? Who is it? I am a sin for you at the year at the year globe Well you go girlfriend And that's what the finest comments are everywhere in a tabloid no less I'm going to get back to that kitty Kelly book this week and a find out about that You know I'm asking us about that broader delirious winter both of them but that youthful in discretion I bet you would literally the trend to chop his legs off if he wrote that book Here's the fact this isn't responsibly freaking more on who called us say the Superbowl kicked off at 920 p.m. he's wrong kickoff is usually like I said Or he's talking you know West Coast time okay for civic time like I try to recover his ass with that Kickoff is usually between like I said 62630 this ended probably never seen a Superbowl You let's one huge name off the poll today and I've been ill win okay the judge that's right rich spielman Who would know a football from a come quiet Rick Spielman the G and the Spielmeister he's the one who gave up the second round draft pick for third swing quarterback AJ touchy Felix Rick Spielman you got it on their Josh got it on their their Spielmeister This is all bit he'll win I don't think he'll beat the one said era guy The loop now it's the one said or a baby and we got a shot Oh the poor long-suffering fans man I warn you though I tried to let you down easy I told you for months and months and months it's gonna be a disaster It's gonna be bad it's gonna be tragic and I was right as usual I just mentioned in passing the patrons of one two Superbowl's in the last three seasons and 17 in the row Oh there was actually was a Superbowl game last year. I still can't get over that The only thing this goes to show you how pathetic America is how juvenile how in the stone age the only thing anybody can think about from that I'm talking from probably the greatest Superbowl while time phenomenal ending as usual But the Patriots anyway Was the booby trap that was it the flat the this to that all the other silly names they got for it over a breast And I'd even an entire breast they part of a breast not unlike although a little bit darker than the breast of the Olympics and that's a volleyball game What ever was that what water part of prayer Who is most of blame for the dolphins Crapied at a sorry team. Don't say crap now sorry team. We're sorry Somebody ought to be sorry somebody ought to apologize somebody ought to give you people a rebate 472 votes of which the one-state or a man the era of one-state myster's got 184 I don't give a shmit 97 h1 highs in the 73 the offensive line 38 and why are they offensive or what? I hate that often 31 more Howard David and 24 and that might be a salute correct Ricky Wiggab is 20 AJ touchy feeling three J. Feetler to and Rick Spielman. He's on there In that power company You put the beauty in you till the far enough paradise of life. There isn't a hurricane that blows as much as you And when a storm threat we can count on you to turn our power off on before it gets here Leaving the rest of our subarval at the blue flow exploding transport Providing us a historical perspective of 1957 technology and in the moist heat of tropical darkness Who can eat in these had a reason our radios drug has your latest risk release or self-flore idea It says your trucks and clues are ready to move from the Alabama state border and their question in every one's mind So as we search for the appropriate ads or do how many of the all over the group does it take to change the life Well it has paradise in life this birds for you In that power company home Now let me just send one message about to our friends and pommage count and I want to click on you But if you get really sick and terribly sure can skin, it's gonna be coming right after you ask right directly you like maybe gene I'd be gonna do that's it teach a lesson don't be voting for Papu cannon this time, okay? Oh, they did the right thing they voted three sound don't be doing again. Oh, yeah, I'm gonna grab it a her but a little bit too late. That's a stuff in the right direction The muslim vote here's the latest poll on the muslim vote in the US is not a joke. This is for real 71% for carry for bush 7% See now I think the rest of her cats Stevens right 71 is seven among the muslim vote, which is a substantial number by the way should put out on the Jewish code I mentioned these numbers yesterday, but here's the whole thing from the Guardian How come we have to read the British papers in the European papers and internet to get the real facts and the news as opposed to this craft they put online And we went into a rock, but yeah, like that crap like that We went into rock based on a bunch of lies and Americans other innocent people are dying every single day And the government for whatever strange reason is in peaching your ass. That's the thing I don't understand We attacked by a bunch of Saudis and biosumma bin Laden's al-Qada and we went into a rat to take care of other business, which had nothing to do with anything And I don't need was it based on a bunch of lies, but now it's turned into a quagmire like they say it can't spell quagmire without IRAQ Anyway George Bush is still the win over any of the traditional Jewish backing for the Democrats Despite the unwavering White House support for Israel and a vigorous campaign by the Republican Party And the former least yesterday by the American Jewish Committee Jewish voters preferred Mr. Curried a Mr. Bush by margin nearly three to one 69 to 24 percent It's a slight improvement on Bush's 19 percent Jewish support in 2000 But well shortly Republican hope of about About 30 percent that's what they were hoping for And you want to recently got less than that probably in 2000s because of Jewelie Raman, would you think? A whole yeah Yeah Just form only two percent of the US population they vote in great numbers and a prominent Newspartisan vidos battleground state is closed. Ah Ohio and Pennsylvania where the support could be pivotal It floored they make up 3.9 percent of the population more than the margin of victory in the 2000 election No kidding Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha A law of what a first participation observation net is This your bush appeals to a session of the Orthodox community because of his support for he is ready Prime Minister Ariel Fedasharon and is open religiousiosity but most Jews are not changing sides The American Jewish Committee said, most Americans use tend to wear the liberal side of the political equation, and therefore instinctively lean toward the democratic candidate. And this year may be no exception. This fight of President of the strong crack record on U.S. is rate of relations and who is waging war on radical Islamic terrorism. This is the second poll that the Khan found Republican hopes in a survey by the Democratic Polster's Greenberg quinnland and Rosner for the National Jewish Democratic Council, carrying at 75% bush-22%. What is clear from the survey is that Jewish voters don't necessarily believe that Bush's better on Israel than Kerry, the poll showed an uneasiness with the administration's leadership of the war on terror in Iraq and areas which is expected to pick up Jewish support. There's something else in here about the religious, oh yeah, where the hell is it? The headline, well I'm just reading the headline, it says, why should your president support for Israel not when votes from the traditionally democratic mainstream, where we quarrel from his religious zeal? Got it? Who we quarrel is religious zeal? His born again, phonetical Goyish zeal, all right? So, there you go, next. So the Arabs, the Schlotteids, they're not too key on them, but Jews say, fat. But then again, we got all in Southern breakfast, man. We got all of them, all of them. Yeah. Speaking of voters, millions of black voting in the US election by Alan Elzer when I first went, I first looked at the byline and article I thought for sure that it said, I know, but it's Elzer. Sorry about that, Alan, we're going to have you are. From Reuters. Millions of US, this is so disturbing man, how come I get this fear by this? Everybody else has their like, what the, what the, what the, what the, huh? I don't know. Do we still have those tickets to you all the way out there in line? Yes. Q and van is right now for cell stations in the corner of, and university and plantation stop out of pickup free movie passes to watch ladder 49 next week at the Fountain's 8 movie theater. I guess those aren't going too hot, right? There, there are a lot of them. We got tons of them, man. We got tickets up to, uh, nose. Millions of US citizens, including a disproportion number of black voters will be blocked from voting in the number of second presidential election because of legal barriers, faulty procedures or dirty tricks according to civil rights and legal experts. Again, this like Fredo sitting on the curb, they're rocking back and forth with his head in his hand again after they hit him with five shots on the phone. The largest category of those legally disenfranchised consists of almost five million former felons who have served prison sentences that have been be proud of the right to vote under laws that have roots in the post civil war 19th century that were aimed at preventing black Americans from voting. Millions of other voters named 2000 presidential election were lost due to clerical and administrative errors while civil rights organizations have catacetalogged numerous tactics aimed at suppressing black voter turnout, polls consistently find that black Americans overwhelming we vote for Democrats. Duh. There are individuals and officials who are actively trying to stop people from voting who they think will vote against their party and that nearly always means stopping black people from voting democratic set Mary Francis Barry had a US commission on human rights, no relation to Mary and Barry. Vicky B's re-enorality of the nose pickers a field officer for people for the American OV listed some of the ways voters have been discouraged from voting. In lessons involved more in 2002 and in Joe Joe last year black voters were sent flyers saying that anyone who hadn't paid utility bills or had outstanding parking tickets or behind and their rent would be arrested at polling stations and happens in every lesson cycle she said. Oh, oh. Yeah. If you haven't paid your outstanding parking tickets you're up in L bill or whatever they got up there, you're going to get arrested when you go to vote. Well, I think I'll say home. In a mayor or election so I'll be surprised you have people pretending to be tank closed police officers to outside some polling stations asking people to identify themselves. There've also been reports of mysterious people video-tabbing people waiting in line to vote in black neighborhoods. Minority voters may be deterred from voting simply by the dollar goes. There. Oh, there. I thought that was going to be the one. I think that sabotage. Say, I knew that. I, and I, you better talk to Aaron again. Our model or, of course, or somebody because that thing is just going to blow out. It's just like, you're going to spontaneously, when I spoke to him, I guess, day before yesterday I said it could go any minute now. And, and here we are. I, he hasn't said anything to me about it. Anyway, minor, well, I can use a little vacation. Man, minor, any voters may be deterred from voting simply by election officials demanding to see drivers licensees before handing them a ballot. According to Spencer, over to Nututes' laws, George Washington University. The federal government does not require people to produce a photo ID unless they're first time voters who register by mail. African Americans are four to five times less likely than whites' tab, a photo ID, over it, and said it a reason, bringing out minority disenfranchisement, Courtney Strickland of the American Celebrities Union, no relation to Jean Strickland, who was the first to play shortstop for the Cleveland Indians in the early 50s, testified at the US Commission on Civil Rights last week that at a primary election in Florida last month, many people were wrongly turned away when they could not produce that notification. The Commission in the report earlier this year said that in Florida, where President Bush won an abhorried the spirit election by supposedly 537 votes, black voters have been ten times more likely than non-black voters that their ballots rejected, and were often prevented from voting because their names were erroneously purged from the registration lists. Additionally, Florida is one of 14 states that prohibit excellence from voting 7% of the elected but 16% of black voters in that state are disenfranchised. In other 20 states, 4.6% of voters in Iowa, but 25% of blacks were disenfranchised in 2000s, and Nevada was 4.8% of all voters, but 17% of blacks, in New Mexico 6.2% of all voters, but 25% of blacks. In total 13% of all black men are disenfranchised due to a felony conviction, according to the Commission on Civil Rights. This has a huge effect on elections, but also on black communities which see their political cloud diluted. No one has yet explained to me how letting ex-fellons who have served their senses into polling votes, or anyone said Jesse Allen, the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU. 10-A-Hair. That's her name. 10-A-Hair. Co-director of the Advancement Project, what seeks to ensure fair multicultural lessons, recently reported that register as a cross-to-country often claimed not to receive voter registration forms or reject it in protective or reasons that could have been corrected easily before voting day if the applicant had known there was a problem. Beesley said that many voters who had registered for recently in swing states were likely to find their names would not be on the rules when they showed up on election day. There's a very widespread delay in the swing states because there have been massive registration grabs among minorities in those applications and they're not being processed quickly enough. So you register vote in time. You're at some legal, it's kosher you shop at say, oh sorry any down there yet. Check that button soon about a week after the election's over. New East is New Roger as an exhilarating. The word is user. We call it. I think we all grow. I say listen, why is happening to us? We will be everything to get our right job. There's no way for us now, even to judge us. All of out in the mouth you can listen. But now you will find any words that will for us your side. No fun to be so far by the earth, this week. No fun to be so far by the earth, this week. There will be nothing left for us to enjoy. We'll soon be fighting to children. For all I feel fun to be so far by the earth, this week is no fun to be. So far by the earth, this week is. There was us to be queen, this week they know what we should be. We try to protect you, what is we here? We don't know. We listen to us, I say, go get us. So please don't put us apart from our protection. Because we see that you're not far away from our family or others. Can't do it, all by himself, let's battle heaven. Don't put it up on the shell of the sea of secret. No, just how you feel, and maybe we'll share the size of how we feel. Let's be the water you two will to us if we want to be the moon. You two are back already from my, it's not in my eye. Because of the earth's peace being, you must advance what we need to tell you. Let's be the human who can say. You give it right to celebrate our love and be the moon. You're so, I'm so, so you, I said, go. The sand and Bible, what you said, go on earth. If you so far so we can tell everything you want to end with all day or no rather. And so far on your side, to go, we have nothing to hide your anger. You're giving it all and maybe the earth's peace will be out. So, I'm so happy to be here for falling out. And I even know there were no what was thought and it's a real happy season. So happy to be here for the rest of the season. And for the rest of the season, the Bible is so easy. Oh, we can't go like that. That is special in it. I love it. Anyway, I got to think of a special, I got some more stuff here, some good stuff. But first, this fact, you are absolutely correct. That's so easy, correct. I'm getting to see you know, I'm really stupid in my words. But I got sucked in by that car. Can I say it in? I got really coned by that car. As you must be getting seen, our less co-timers earlier than you saw, as well. There's no explanation that puts the Super Bowl kickoff time past MPM anywhere in the US. It has to be in Europe. If it was 620 here, of course it was 320 California. Well, I was trying to find some out blood for the sky. It was coming up with this crap. Anyway, assuming a 620 kickoff time, here means half time show was somewhere between 839 and 3. But all the extra commercials and such. And 530 to 630 on the West Coast and sure if that car was full of crap, almost as much as you think. What I have to see is what it says. Got the Michael Moore, Mr. Bush and his Senate, ever changing different positions on Iraq, or column. But before that, speaking of what I was just talking about about voters getting just in franchise, yeah. This is by Erie Burman in the nation. Is Michigan next question mark, Michigan? He says, is the battleground state of Michigan turning into the next Florida? Is Terry Lynn Land, the Michigan Secretary of State and Republican co-chair of the Bush Cheney campaign about to become the next Catherine Harris? In the last few weeks, the Department of State's grant offices in Ann Arbor and Battle Creek have distributed special notices to newly registered voters. Registrarine, do they please be advised that you're not eligible to vote in the November Second 2000 for general election? Except the deadline to register for November's election isn't until October 4 and the fires are meant for display only after October 5. Ann Arbor is a progressive haven and Battle Creek remains a hotly contented swing to speak with a one-term hospital Republican struggling for re-election. What's going on here? It's impossible to know right now whether the state's office deliberately misled voters are made an honest mistake, but when state Senator Mark Shaw or Battle Creek gas lands legislatively is on what are we doing to remedy the problem, you see they standing reply. Nothing. That prompted a fire-ween news conference and we've received from seven state legislators on Tuesday. This is part of a consistent pattern in practice of the Republican Party said Senator Samuel Thomas of Detroit. Land reverse course and send out a second noticing for me new voters that their vote would count. Well the damage may have already been done. Who knows how many of these voters will disregard the second notice? How many didn't register after seeing the first flyer? It's still unclear how many of the 173 state banter offices followed suit. Land's office insists only two. Shaw's office already learned of a third meaning of right in Michigan. Outside Detroit. There's a person here in July where Republicans say legislatively John Papapa George generated an outcry after labeling voters suppression. Let me, I, this is too important. I was a president here in July. Republicans say legislatively John Papapa George generated an outcry after labeling voter suppression the key to a bookchainy victory. If we do not suppress the Detroit vote, we're going to have a tough time until the Detroit Free Press speaking of the 80% black and heavily democratic city. In 2000, the Republican control legislator passed the bill requiring the address on a driver's license to max the voter registration card information, which disproportionately affects college students immigrants and the poor who generally leaned in a credit. The Republican government signed with Papadro just comments. The Michigan Secretary states recent actions add only fuel to the fire. How do you like that? So we can't win it fair and square. We've got plenty of practice from 2000. Let's go around from Michigan to Florida in anywhere else. We can do it. And win it unfair and unsquare. Transict. Pathetic. And this was the compassionate conservatism that we're going to bring more energy. A bunch of nasty thugs is what your deal with boys and girls. Michael Morse says, You're Mr. Bush. I'm so confused. We're exactly the stand on the Ifuver rack. You're your dad, Romney, Condy, Cole and the Wolfie. You've all changed your mind so many times. I'm out of breath just trying to keep up with you. Which of these 10 physicians did you, your family, your candidate, flicking over the years represents your current ticking? 1983 to 88. We love Sodom. On December 19, 1983, Donald Romsell was sent by your dad and Mr. Reagan who will have a friendly meeting with Sodom who's send a dictator for rack. Romney looked so happy in the picture. Just 12 days after this visit, Sodom gas thousands of Iranian troops. Your dad and Romney seem pretty happy with the results because the Donald R. would have another chummy hangout with Sodom's right-hand man to retire as easy as 4 months later. All of this resulted in the U.S. providing credits and loans to rack the NAIDA enabled Sodom to buy billions of dollars worth of weapons and chemical agents. The Washington Post reported that your dad and Reagan let it be noted their air bow lies that the Reagan Bush administration wanted to erect a witness toward the ran and anyone who helped Sodom accomplish this was a friend of ours. 1990, we hate Sodom. In 90, when Sodom invaded Kuwait, your dad and his defense secretary dictated decided they didn't like Sodom anymore, so they attacked the rack and returned Kuwait to his rightful dictators. 1991, we want Sodom to live. After the war, your dad and Cheney and Kohl and Pau told us she would not rise up against Sodom. We would support them, so they rose up, but then we changed their minds. When the CH rose up against Sodom, the Bush inter-Servival changes and decided not to help the CH, thus they were massacred by Sodom. 1998, we want Sodom to die. In 1998, Romney's goal was to address this project for the New American Century, who had an open letter to present including insisting he invaded and toppled Sodom who was saying. 2000, we don't believe in war and nation voting. Just three years later, during your debate with Al Gore and 2000, when asked by a moderator Jim Lair, where he stood when a king of using force for regime change, he turned out to be a downright pacifist. Quote, I would take the use of force very seriously. I would be guarded by a progeny. I don't think we can be all things to all people in the world. I think we've got to be very careful when we commit our troops. The vice president, Al Gore and I have a disagreement about the use of troops to go to the nation, Voli. I would be very careful about using our troops as nation voters. I believe the role of the military is to fight and win war. And therefore, prevent war from happening in the first place. And so I take my responsibility seriously. 2001, we don't believe Sodom is a threat. When you took office in 2001, you sent your secretary, state colon, Powell, and your national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, and front of your cameras to assure the American people they need that worry about Sodom was saying. Here's what they said, Powell, we should constantly be reviewing our policies. Constantly, we're looking at those sanctions to make sure that they've directed our purpose. The purpose is everybody's important. Now as it was 10 years ago when we began it, and frankly they've worked. He has not developed any significant capability with respect to weapons and mass destruction. He's unable to project conventional power against his neighbors that was February 24, 2001. Condoleezza, but in terms of Sodom was saying being there, let's remember that his country is divided in effect. He doesn't control the northern part of his country. We're able to keep armistramen as military forces have not been rebuilt. That was your life for the United 2001. 2001, late. We've arrived. We believe Sodom's going to kill us. Just a few months later, in the hours and days after the 9th of November, a tragedy had no interesting going after a sum of been lawden. You want it only to bomb your rack and kill Sodom and then to law of America. We were under eminent threat because the weapons and mass destruction that were coming our way. You let the American people believe that Sodom has something to do with a sum of and 9th, 11, but not the UN station. You broke international law and invaded Iraq. 2003, we don't believe Sodom is going to kill us. After no WMVs were found, you change your mind about why you said we needed to invade coming up with a brand new after the fact reason. We started this war so we can have regime change liberator act and give you a rack-ease democracy. 2003, mission accomplished. Yes, everyone saw you said in costume no less. 2004, oops, mission on accomplished. Now you call the Iraqi invasion and invade the catastrophic success. That's where you call it this month. Over 1000 US soldiers have died. Iraq in this state of total chaos where no one is safe. And you have no clue how to get out of there. Mr. Bush, please tell us one way or the change your mind again. I know you hate the words clip and flaps. So I always use them both on you. In fact, I use just one. Flop. That's what you are a huge colossal flop. The war is a flop. Your advisors in the intelligence they gave you is a flop. And now we're all a flop to the rest of the world. Flop, flop, flop. And you have the audacity to criticize John Kerry was what you call the many positions he's taken on Iraq. By my county's taken only one. He believed you. That was his position. You told him in the rest of Congress that Sodom had WMV. So he and the vast majority of Americans. Even those who didn't vote for you believed you. You see Americans like John Kerry, one living in a country where they can believe that president. That was the one single physician John Kerry. Tookie didn't support the war he supported you and you let him in a great country down. And that's why tens of millions can't wait to get to the polls on election day to remove a major catastrophic flop from our dear beloved White House to stop all the flipping you and your men have done flipping us in the rest of the world off. We can't take another minute of that. Yeah, that was true John. We will rather support him than just fear. We will also allow the flood to rise to the right. The wild is a flower of wrath. I'm dying on the hair. I joined the Nazis party. They used to call it the deal key. And I strongly agree with Cyprus's policies, soldiers. We'll be coming for me. So I went to the Nazi party, Contentioned in the entire state. For now, there's heaven, thank the Saudis, if their hands are shaped. And dance on the break. I'll be in my cup now. The bush got trimmets with this view. Be ngra bang saloon if you can sing for yourselves. Love, done stickoy, done stickoy, done stickoy, out. The intricate thean virfer to the 90 are departing. Was appropriate a Christian in Wyatt. There was name it you be clear channel the group. Leave me with it. To be queen chief chief. I'm watching. All right now. And then, co-turus wave. All right. If you don't believe or just be only one, then you should die. Don't. Or you don't sit, remember? Yes, what we do at 5.60, nobody came. She was here to be right. How about another one for me? That's right. And boy. What's we got in there already? Pretty heavy duty on the Dolphin situation. 594 vote. Who is most responsible in your opinion for the Dolphin's sorry-ass team this season? Dave Ronstead, 226, out of here for Schmidt, 222, 8-win, high-sing of 88, your offensive line 49. I hate the Dolphin's 39. Low-hower-divided in 33, Ricky Williams, 26, Rick Spielman, the Spielmister's only got 5. Whoever, well, maybe if we'd have put him on in the beginning. He's only got 5. Adrian Touchy, Philly, 3 and Z-Fibre's got 3. Wait, I'm doing too much reading, but you know what to bed, take a drink. Now, I'm gonna seriously, I got important to fish to fry here, okay? Did I mention it's on our website? I don't know why I wanted to spend a lot of time because I got a very, well, let me do this one for you. But I've been to A and was gone. Why? Did I mention that the B and was gone? The B and was gone. Okay, I only Schmidt can, okay. Okay. Okay, can't get any more of those tickets to the movie. B and was gone. Did they give them all away? They just give up. What do they have to be? We don't care. This is by Michael Isicov and Mark Hosenball. Okay. From MSNBC. The story that didn't run, the piece that 16 and it's killed for its report on the Bush Guard document. This will just, this will make you a peer-pand, so it's long so just bear with me because I'm doing too much reading and what to bed. I like it. I like it. Good. And of course, Josh likes it because he's daydreaming about his big ball game. Did I with what's his name? Francis O'Hare with the Dave Van Boring. Well, that has a good sense of humor about the way I refer to an acid. You deserve it too, by the way. Dave, you are terminal. Anyway, they write in its rice to air. It's not a squented story about President George W. Bush's National Guard Service. CBS buffed another sensitive piece later for these same 60 minutes broadcast. A half hour segment about how the U.S. government was snookered by forged documents, reporting to show Iraqi efforts to purchase uranium from Niger. The journalist in Germany at CBS provides an ironic counterpoint to the fewer or apparently bogus documents involving Bush's National Guard Service. One unexpected consequence of the network decision was to wipe out a chance, at least for the moment, for greater public scrutiny of a more consequential forgery, that paid a role in building the Bush administration's case to invade Iraq. A team of 60 minutes correspondent in consulting reporters been more than six months investigating the Nigerian-Renium documents fraud CBS sources tell Newsweek. The group landed its first ever on-camera interview with Elizabeth Iberba, the attack in journalist to first obtain the Fony documents, as well as her elusive source, Rocco Martinoi, mysterious Roman businessman, would longstanding ties to European intelligence agencies. Although the edited piece never end up identifying Martinoi by name, the story narrated by 60 minutes correspondent Ed Bradley, asked tough questions about how the White House came to embrace the fraudulent documents, and why administration officials chose to include a 16-word reference to the question of what uranium purchased in present enforces 2003 state of the Union speech. For just hours before the piece was said to air on the evening of September 8, the report is in producers on the CBS team. We're stunned to learn the story with being scrapped to make room for a seemingly sensational story about New document showing that Bush ignored a director to take a fight physical, while serving in the National Guard more than 30 years ago. But, for the man, the story has since created a journalistic and political firestorm, resulting in a colossal embarrassment for CBS. This week, the network concluded that its principal source would then accommodate a squandled former guard official and democratic partisan named Bill Birkid, his light about where he got the material. CBS anchor Dan Radder publicly apologized for broadcasting the Saudi report, and CBS yesterday named the two-person team comprised of former U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornberg and former APT Lewis Baccardi to investigate the misunderstanding of the story. This is like living in a Kafka novel, said Joshua Micah Marshall, a Washington monthly contributing writer and a web blogger, who had been collaborating with 60 minutes producers on the uranium story. Here we had a very important well reported story about forge documents that helped lead the country to war, and that it could bump by another story that relied on forge documents. Some CBS report is as well as one of the network's key sources here that the Nigerian Rehnems story may never run, at least not anytime soon, on the grounds that the network cannot now credibly air a report questioning how the Bush administration could have gotten taken in by phony documents. The network would be a laughing stocks at one source minimally familiar with the story. Although acknowledging that it was frustrating to have a story about David Galber, the lead CBS producer on the Niger peace, said he had been told a segment will still air sometimes soon perhaps as early as next week. Obviously, everybody at CBS is holding their breath these days, and was assuming the story is going to run till unfold differently. The delay of the CBS report comes at a time when there have been significant new developments in the case, although virtually none of them have been reported in the U.S. According to a Titan and Protective Press reports, Martino, the role of middleman at the center of the case was questioned last week by an Italian investigating magistrate for two hours about the circumstances surrounding his acquisition of the documents. Martino could not be reached for comment, but his lawyers reportedly planning a press conference in the next few days. Burr by the Italian journalist confirmed in his week this week that Martino was the previous and mysterious Mr. X, who contracted her with the potentially explicit documents in early October 2002, just as Congress was debating whether to authorize President Bush to wage war against Iraq. The documents consisting of telexes letters and contracts reported to show that Iraq and negotiate an agreement to purchase 500 tons of yellow cake uranium from Niger, material that could be used to make a nuclear bomb. A U.S. intelligence official told Newsweek that Martino was in fact believed to have been the distributor of the documents. Burr by under instructions from her editor at Tanorama, a news magazine owned by Italian Prime Minister Silvio Borbolskoly, then provided the documents to the U.S. Embassy in Roman and efforts to authenticate them. The embassy soon passed the material under Washington, where some Bush administration officials viewed it as hard evidence to support its case that Saddam Hussein's regime was actively engaged in the program to assemble nuclear weapons. But the Niger component of the White House case for were quickly imploded. Asked the Revenants to support President Bush's contention and the city of the Union speech that Iraq was seeking uranium from Africa, the administration turned over the Niger documents to the IAEC, the International and Time Energy Agency, within two hours using the Google search engine, the IAEA officials and the United States determined the documents to be a crude forgery. The urging of Senator Jay Rockefeller by Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, the FBI launched an investigation of the Niger documents and never determined if U.S. government had been doop by deliberate disinformation campaign, organized by foreign intelligence agency rather as with a political agenda relating to Iraq. So far the bureau appears to have made little progress in unraveling the case, the senators frustrated by the slow-paced and investigations said Wendy Morg, the press secretary of Senator Rockefeller, was recently briefed on the status of the FBI probe. The unstriking aspect of the FBI investigation is that at least this week, Martina was told as associates he's never been interviewed by the bureau despite the fact that he was publicly identified by the financial times of London as the source of documents more than six weeks ago and was subsequently flown in the U.S. city by CBS to be interviewed for the 16-in-3 port. A U.S. law enforcement officials said the FBI is seeking the interview of Martina, but is not yet received from her to new serve from the Italian government. The official decline to comment on the aspects of the investigation. The cases taken on additional intrigue because of mounting indications that Martina had longstanding relations with European intelligence agencies, Martina recently told us Sunday times of London that he had previously worked with SISMI. They attended military intelligence agency. A potentially noteworthy part of his resume given that the conservative Italian government of Burlusconi was a strong supporter of the Bush administration's invasion of Iraq. A French government official told Luzic that Martina also had a relationship with French intelligence agencies, but the French official rejected suggestions from U.S. and British officials that French intelligence may have played a role in creating the documents in order to embarrass Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair. The French never disseminated the documents because they couldn't establish their authenticity to French official said. Martina was told Burba and others that he obtained the Holy document from an Italian woman who worked in the Niger Embassy in Rome. It was in turn put in touch with the woman while yet another middle man who accorded Burba's account and directed Martina to provide the documents to the Egyptians. Some press reports have suggested they still unidentified the middle man who put Martina in touch with his Niger Embassy's source was in fact a essay of ISMI officer himself. Burba was twice been interviewed by the FBI but never gave up Martina's name since he had been cooperating with the CBS team on the story and hopes of getting to the bottom of the matter. But now will be six minutes broadcast post-pulons she is no longer confident that it can ever happen. Meanwhile she said he set up with Martina who is lied to her and provide a contract to her counselor or journalist. I'm disappointed you told Nuzic in this story. You don't know who's lying, who's telling the truth. The source has been both discredited and discredited themselves. So there you go. I was part of the reason that they justified going to war in the first place. We don't want to put that on there because we're already the laughingstock. The eye is crying. That can be seen in the court if $550,000 fine for that booby trap. How do you lie? Yeah. That's the important stuff. Farting horses and naked boobies man. That's what your government is concerned about. Faltman attacked her one at five, 60, you've got to be cute. If you're concerned about your hair full and out of the ground, here's the answer for it. For over 35 years, our good friend Chuck Alpierre has been providing amazing natural looking hair systems that are virtually 100% on detectable. And Charlie right now is introducing the latest of help in the hair restoration and succeeding vehicle called the new laser life therapy treatment that's used for treating fine and thinning hair. This new treatment is FDA certified. It restores your hair and scalp back to its healthiest state while increasing hair shaft density and volume. The new laser life therapy and its cool light laser devices effective on both man and women. And it's a painless non-avacid treatment that is complete in just about a half an hour that's all it takes. Charlie and the staff of witness dramatic results with this new system and impeach hair fall up for those of you with fine and thinning hair. So, step waiting for a miracle to get your hair to stop falling into the sink on the shower or into the under the ground and give Charlie a call to learn more about this exciting new laser light therapy treatment. How can solve your thinning hair problem forever? It really can change your life. Call them toll free. There's a obligation. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Get your hair back from Chuck Alpierre. Check them out on the worldwide web at CharlesAlphaEury.com. 1-800-413. You're not just a loser but a loser but a loser. 1-800-413. And then... 1-800-413. What come on up? 2-800-413. That is pedophile. 1-800-413. That's a great idea. That I have grown and I have been back. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. 1-800-413. You're a moron. 1-800-413. So Jack Alpierre. 1-800-414. One-16 here's the most exciting news of the day and maybe you have the last couple of weeks maybe it'll last a quite a while. Yeah, the hump are we turned tomorrow? Oh, you like that? That was fun. Must be true because it's from Clarence Diro, it's as Hank will be back on the year tomorrow four or four broadcasts or publications held everybody in the world, okay? Good afternoon, Megafone. Can I just say which board go on a Lincoln Road Mall went around? Humpers go back tomorrow, our big plant to pile a fund. There's some time for weekend and we're feeding in a house. Yeah, I thought so. Are you excited? Yeah, maybe you're excited as I am. I am. I'm going to get a seat. Well, what happened with those baseball cards? That was great. You emailed me before? Yeah. Did you email me, Eric? No, I wanted you to approval. I thought they were cute indeed. Well, why do I have to approve? Well, that's right. I have to approve it because otherwise you'll get our hands in the ring organ. So we're going to get, if I'm going to get my hands in the ring, or I would prefer that I'm going to get my hands in the ring. We're going to get your ball, buddy. Right. Oh, sure. Unless that's something that's like, no, we're just going to put a link on there. Anyway, there you go. Bushballacards.com for those who want to know what we're talking about. They're cute. But in the meantime, I still think that those drag pictures of Bush and Cheney and Edward's and Carrie, those are fabulous. And spite of the fact that you are receiving me for us, you were like, just blown away. That was a great. Take a few cannon. Now, how is it that we got all the way to this part of the show? And not even mentioned this before. My bad. Isn't this the most important story of the sensory about Brittany's spirit? Go for it. Come back and forward tomorrow. Oh, man. I'm pleased. Please, this punch. First of all, it's super happy. Look what happened to him. Did she or didn't she? And an issue or isn't she? It says Brittany's spirit is most definitely got married last week. People magazine reports in the October 4 issue filled with pictures of popstar and if you want to say Kevin Peter Lye and whatever it holds name is, and letting a parallel answer out of my family and friends. What the couple didn't do according to the L.A. kind of register our office is, no not that. His file emerged license after the ceremony. I guarantee they did that. Many times. No big deal says the member of the singers camp would be planned to be quoted by name. Their schedule to file the next week. She told the AP yesterday. Spiritual people magazine essentially the same thing. I know we're not completely legal to be filed the license which we'll do next week. The 22 year old pop star said, but in a real sense a spiritual sense, we're married. Now is that has to do with Kabbalah or Kabbalah? I'm sure. I'm a positive positive. Federal lines 26 said the L.A. was caused when the couple moved their wedding date up to September 18 is where leaked up they were planning to have been married October 16. It leaked up and he leaked out. Moving the date up on Amante said didn't give their lawyers time to finish their pre-nub school agreement. That's the secret in a wood policy. She wants to get that pre-nub dump. It's done now though he said. And so was she. The couple said their lawyers have told them they have 90 days to file the license and it goes about she did this and she did him and blah blah blah. Federal line said it's two-year-old daughter from a previous relationship who was to be the wedding's flower girl missed the event that ceremony at a studio city home because he feared if he cancelled her previously planned to visit land that day the reason would be leaked out. So she said, go to Disneyland. Not Disney World Disneyland. Yeah well where the three hours ahead. I was pretty embarrassing. I apologize for my stupidity on that. But yeah I'll go to the show. I easily even get kind of in that. I still didn't make any sense. I thought it was a dufist. Oh speaking of dufist is man I'm just reading way too much today you know. That's it. Not I just I told the lights had to be on the show that I got you in a pile and I said good. I had a big heavy pile. I said, I was gonna be on the Howard Stern show tomorrow on the Hamburg contest. I got a big heavy pile and Joyce needs to have me about it and surely don't want to see it. Maybe I have to show it to Joyce first before. I can talk about it. Well and whip it up. Hey Joyce, do you want to see my pile? Anyway. This is from the Guardian again. Well I love these written newspapers have some pretty interesting crann. Lawyer State, Prime Minister could be in Pete Stover, you're right. I don't like that. I'm thinking certainly they would be good in USA. I don't understand how the Bush might be as if as if they've vaded. I mean Clinton man they would after tooth and tons and nail over some sexual drug rigillars and now you got this crap on scorn to war based out of pile of lies. And it's like, oh yeah well you know he's defining terrorism and do it a wonderful job. Even the Housewives of America are binding to that. We gotta be safe from terror. I mean, give me a break. Talk about dumb. Anyway. The Guardian reports Parliament has the power to impeach Tony Blair over his decision to invade Iraq. Lawyer is acting for an all party campaign. Use the ancient right say today. impeachment is appropriate where there is no other means of calling a person to account either legally or politically for some serious wrong court lawyers from matrix chambers the firm reports the Prime Minister's wife is sharing booth as a member. impeachment was last used against Lord Thomas did more than 150 years ago in the brits but it's since fallen by the wayside on the assumption that the will of nations express through Parliament and MPs hold ministers to account. But rather seeing QC I have no idea what that QC is. You know. And Connor Girney, say Mr. Blair has a case to answer based on an illustrious breach of Constitution for Friday. The charge they lay against the Prime Minister is misleading Parliament as to the basis for military action against Iraq. It was to obtain from that body and its individual members support the conflict with the non-instirly have been forthcoming and contravention be fundamental to the principle of Ministry of Accountability of Parliament. The lawyer said that we're responding to a report run up to the campaign saying there are three grounds from peaching the Prime Minister. The claims he made before the war about Iraq weapons is stated to tell MPs about new intelligence correcting these claims and then Mr. Blair ended away secret agreement with President George W. Bush to go to war without the consent of the Cabinet Parliament or the British people. Oh, and peaches ask baby, I love it. And then pass it by the queen and see if you can put a fork in it. Let's speak of that. Governor Bush's fans lie in the commissioner art Tiel Jr. 58 was suspended indefinitely without pay in a proclamation issued by Bush's communication office. Well, the good news is art Tiel suspended by hands coming back. I like that. See it's a trade off you have to pay. How you're in Tiel? Hey, he's got a bigger ass than art Tiel Jr. What's up? Let's get the tell-upers. Tiel was arrested August 26 on charges aggravated as asshole with a motor vehicle and threatening a public official both colonies. Yadiyadiyadiyadiyadiy, who was elected to the commissioner in 1997, they kind of commissioned to be for them. A commissioner was under investigation answer of aliens for while I mean all about this. Okay? About the threat and about he's going to do this and about that. Bush routinely suspends the election officials were charged with felonies. So art Tiel Jr. You're out, okay? It's a suspended dissentance for the time being. 560, we need a few calls in between now and 2. I've actually got almost at the bottom of my pot. All right. I got only three more things on here. Let's matter, fine. Although I could, well, we'll see. WQA and hello. QA and? Yeah, I was calling Neil. Speaking. The A-L-Hawari. Q-C. Queens Court. You have a lot of people should know that, right? Oh, yes, you know about the Queens Bank, it's most of Mark. Oh, Queens Court? Yeah, it's a kind of illegal system. We got a lot of Queens here, you're right. Okay, thanks, Bally. Okay. Queens Court, that's what that Q-C is. See this audience, man? Right. People think this audience is just about to mock reading idiots. Man, those are the colors, most of the stuff. He's like, who would acknowledge? No, when it is. We get some pretty good info like the fact that we are just a head of time on a West Coast. Oh, man. How embarrassing. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Oh, man. How embarrassing. But we had somebody first for cases and up for realized that I made an Assum myself. There, in fact, me right away. I said, oh, yeah. Ask for a day again. I mean, anybody can be Queen for a day, but nothing like being asked for a day, right? WQA in Hello. I'm there. They probably all come to tell me about Q-CQA in Hello. Did you say free tickets? Yeah. No, I said free tickets in the wrong gone. See, I got to articulate better. He thought I said free tickets. I said free tickets. You're 500 bucks in peace, by the way. Somebody QA in Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Listen, I listen to your show. You make me laugh. You've done it for a lot of years. And you know what? I really like the fact that you've, it's for me a lot about politics over the last couple of months. Anyways, it's kind of swayed my opinion on Bush and I really appreciate the information and that I had situated as well as I know George and he did. Thanks very much. Thanks a lot, Tally. Hotserval times, please. All right. Okay. See, there you go. There's some people out there. I don't want to get too heavy with the news. So if I realize like I'd daylight today, I'm way overboard. But the fact that the matter is it's 5 and a half weeks to election day and the concept of other 4 years of these lying Nazi thief bastards, these born again, the fundamentalist lunatics running out, put, they put the U in running the country. They made it ruining, not running. And I just, let me say it again. I said this in 2000, I'll say it again. Unless you happen to be a wealthy, I mean super wealthy, you know, a high million person, male, loaded with cash and or a fundamentalist lunatic religion, this whether it's Christian Orthodox too, one of those people, a fundamentalist lunatic. I can't imagine why in the world you'd be voting for these bastards. I just don't get it. They don't really benefit the religion. It's just think they can. And let me say it again. It's a racket tag. It hasn't made us safer. It hasn't made the world safer from terrorism. It's turned Iraq into a hotbed of terrorism. There's insanity going on there. And even Alawi, who was there before Congress today and holding his big press conference with the Bushmaster, admits that there are a terrorist from all over the world. Now it's like a meeting place, meeting and greeting for every lunatic terrorist organization. There'll be hitting Americans and Britain and others, innocent people almost every day now. There's crackle in the, and in the meantime, do we have Osama? Do we have a little of Omar? How's our car? We have any of these people? No. So like Kerry is saying, we've taken our eye off the ball, baby. We're busy fighting and creating in a place where we shouldn't have been in the first region. Like give it a little poker Brian said, he's a Center for Conbomers the wrong way. I'm 56 years old. Are you a... I can't live with some people. I'm 56 years old. Are you a... I can't live with some people. I can't live with someone dumb as wrong. But we didn't take their breath. In Pearl Harbor, there were the chances dropped their bombs. We've hung them back, and now the Saudis invade us side. And on our cards are little flags wade. At that Saudi woman, recharged with so farmers the wrong way. And on a barren to feed in America, where they follow those like seeds. They unite in states of arrogance. They're by warship and enemy. We've made up this country. And the red tors of our gaze in our history. I don't want to be a packs of marines. You are safe. What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in a mess. If you want that as you feed to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's like we're just country in the world. They train us too, and anyone who says that obviously, and to afford to feed. And down in barres to feed in America, where we've made three of it, we've a flagged one ask, we're not heading the same. It's like they follow the power that he has to say. What's a thousand thousand dollars? What's going on? I have a scream. Scratcher. Five or everything's okay. outcome back now. Twenty seven, two. I got the mad dog. Two and a four. We got hurricane's game. They hurricanes. In Houston. I'll be on the count of eight. Marlins are running out to screw a screen here. Guess you can say, right? Let me tell you, Josh. What's that? No, I'm just talking out loud. I'm thinking out loud. My sit-a-marlins are running out to string. Oh, yeah, they're done. Because even though it's not mathematical, they got 14's ahead of it. It's just, unfortunately, all over. They get a good shot. They give it a run, but then it kind of like, ran out of gas. Let's get to see you down. Danny's shector writes, and I love it. And I said again, a huffer comes back tomorrow at four. Aaaaaa! I'm ready to go out and squeeze myself. Right out there in the street corner. Danny's shector writes in News Day. CBS is most popular program, C.S.I. can now investigate a crime scene close to home. The reputation of Edvin Newsman, Crudeanne Rather, is lying on the floor, blighted by a mistake he has now admitted, flanked on the political right by, we told you, so finger pointers, led by a geophyoperative demanding his head. A news outlet once hit by the most trusted man in America, is a huge debate, at least trustworthy. They're talking about water contact, for those of you punts. With rather apologizing for airing the story, based in part on memos that CBS cannot verify, was bad for network news in general, and critics of President George W. Bush in particular, and that puts the em all of the people behind the hit. The story that's six minutes range, charging that Bush did not complete the distresses and ankle guard duties, not been pronounced in the stake. CBS news added that a source had misled that worked on the documents origins, the network promised an independent review of how the report was prepared to help determine what action he'd be taken. Over at Fox News, they were breaking out the champagne when the admission of error came down from black rock. Fox, of course, has its own wink-wink standards, and never makes a mistake's worth acknowledging. Their playbook, in this regard, feeds and follows a well-established White House approach when confronted by unwelcome truths avoid them denied them or tarnished the critic. Fox News granted this dust-up a scandal, a rather big using a familiar charge that changed the subject tactic, to deflate attention away from persuasive charges that present-in-pushed not told the truth about his military service. Allegations about a media misdemeanor were quickly blown up into a felony, demanding rather's career termination with prejudice. The right-wing attack machine works by personalizing issues and demonizing enemies with overheated language in cartoon-like characterizations, Osama the evil door been lobbing a way to saw them the butcher a bagged-out who'd say, and now John the phony wore hero carries been displaced with a leather-over-rather. It's a textbook example of how a tax against journalists are used to dengue-weight news not to the right-wing's liking by tiny items in a media food chain and cranking up an echo chamber of fainting and ignition. The Republican National Committee operates its own 24-7 anti-news network to monitor coverage in orchestrated rapid response, so long reports that the story casting got on the documents was first pushed into the news stream by creative response concepts to Republican public relations firm, then selected bloggers went to work led by an Atlanta lawyer who helped get president Clinton disbarred and was the fruit who called the memos' fakes. His charges felt like a per-way fire through the rabbit conservative grapevine and amen corner, the goal focused the media on rather not bush. CBS initially stood by the documents then had seen that even if they were flawed the story that Bush had disarrayed his command reporters to have a physical-was-acquint essence, but a fine-made head of conceituent was a mistake around the story. Its possible CBS was flim-planned but TV's need for visuals did the men, by trying to gusty up the story with what producers call a video enhancement elements, 60 minutes follow on its own sword opening itself up to attack. Other leading news outlets included the BBC ran the same story about Bush's troubles in the guard without being discredited. Dan Wathers been a punching bag of the right ever since he was targeted for being rude to President Richard Nixon 30 years ago. But turned man. Conservative journalists accused him of funding footage from Afghanistan in the 1980s when he took over the anchor chair of high salary six million dollar man. Some conservatives described it by CBS with a promise that would fire Dan Wathers of the day that Tiffany Network became theirs. His critics pictured him as the posted word of their hidden liberal media. The irony is that he doesn't fit the stereotype. Rather has a super patriotic persona. A day after 9-11 he went on the David Letterman showed a proclaim his willingness to do whatever his president ordered. On September 22nd 2001, he said he would give the administration the benefit of every doubt. When a pre-war interview with Sonom Hussein and Baghdad raised eyebrows, he tacked hard-wight this word reporting for which he later won the conservative media research centers top-priest for best network coverage. Don't write rather off. He said more media lives than the Republican guard that wants to bury him. He's just this way's post-aborder for the sins and screw-ups of an imagined liberal media. Pretty good stuff. That's the bad idea. 5-670560, 560 on the Verizon Wireless and Singular Wireless I have to find a flumping around here, because my computer froze up, so I have him to like unfreeze it in the hell. Oh, I mean, it's coming back. You don't think we're just going to sit here in the deep freezer, here's the pulveries out right now we got something. What do you mean so now what? What does that mean? 726 votes. Not with the Othekak to do the show at off computer? You can? Pretty good point, I think. Anyway, who's most of the blame for the Dolphin's sorry season and sorry team, but bunch of crap they've launched that. It's the one steady or not going over to big. 260 man, they hate him like poison. I don't give a Schmidt 148, 8 when highs in 112. The offense of line 61, I hate the Dolphin's 46. How are David's got 39? Which one gets to that in a second? Rick, you wait in the study for Rick to spill my through the GM 19 clues. J.F. or 4 and 4 AJ, touchy, Ph.D. is only got 3 out of 726. Now, I'm thinking about how we David ate. Let's see if we got the hurricane's game today. Right, so there's no afternoon in the sports show at 4. We got that stuff to pre-game the 4 play. And then the hump, our thank goodness returns tomorrow. Where is that leave? My good friend Mo. Huh? I don't know. In the dark? Not in the cold? Absolutely. In suspended animation? Absolutely. You're a sense of new Roger. I'm a school student. I'm 5.566. Q.A. No. Absolutely. No. I don't know what he's got. Call him. I'm not the one who made a David in his own. And he's the one who made his own. And he's the one who made his own. I don't even know how he had children. They're a bar. Hello. And I want your take on J.P. Is that great, boy? I can't do it. I like J.P. He will. And not the legend. He's got extraordinarily smooth. The foxes. Oh yeah. He's going to be good for what you say here. Oh, please don't. Thank you, Mom. No, no, no wait a minute. Don't go. But I have nothing else to say. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there in a mirror, Mom. I'm going to return the street from you. Oh yeah. I have to go. Oh, wait. I have to go. I told you what. I'll hold you open up right. I'll get you one of my old, uh, tentations. Just that. I'm not going to. You're not away, too. That worked out only call that we had. It means I didn't know that it's growing again. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, you've got to say. We can say. And you know. And I can say. And I'm so close. And close. You won't lie. I won't want to. You go. All of this is a miracle. A road that's left. It's a miracle. You got to get me. It's not. Wait till I die. I die. I know. Woah, what's up this thing? Almost every day. Every day. Every day. Every pain. So, when they start that thing goes. I don't know. I don't know. You'd be so close. Yeah, I can't. But I don't follow up. And because I don't know. We're just close. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a miracle. You won't lie. You won't lie. You won't lie. You won't lie. You won't lie. You won't lie. And I understand what we should do. So, you know. We should be... ...like... We'll die... ...and we'll die. We'll die. We'll die. We'll die. You won't lie. You won't lie. Wow. Yeah, I said listen to his bits. You know, I was in it like almost every line. And you did. Yeah, you just shake your head and you marble. the the ramblings of a sick twisted line of book of bread that's why we're gonna dedicate tomorrow to him right we still have a ton of hope for he's uh well no you know what I don't know if he's back in time yet that's hope he said it tell me to want me to get like a swelled he'd that would be swell well for wouldn't hold up on the rule chicken neck lary in my amy says i just want to tell you i love to show in a course what's not to likely and i wanted to weigh in on the cat's demon incident every media watched this morning focused on the same issue that someone on on a much touted traveler watch list was able to board a plane leaving corrective action to be taken by the flight was in midair while commented is where it literally frightened by what seemed like a fault in our system of protection a more frightening figure was overlooked what prompted the placement of cat Stevens on the watch list in the first place a religious affiliation a main change perhaps the one time a spuzzle on popular opinion perhaps the wrong head year that might have been it there without larry says what truly finds me is the the fact that in this day of the jemmy be held suspect for simply speaking my mind i'm so really correct i'm rocking in the police places where you're mine okay that's right that might just go because you get my dirty look because you might go through wrong way you look like you got the wrong head year on right no question you're uh and of course they were talking about the taliban measuring men's fears and it had to be a certain length and up to a certain standard i'm what's the difference and of course the taliban would be a radio uh the music that they play and you couldn't do this and couldn't do that and here in america we got the we got the booby police we got the five uh blind mice they're on the FCC lunatics crazy people movement like that and then you got of course john ascrop who's a beyond i mean so probably anything we've ever seen before not to mention Tom rigid you see rigid on their talking about cats Stevens and how that serious looking at us face like oh yeah we've had his name on live we don't care whether it's a celebrity or just some ordinary slumper off the street i was really impressed with Tom rigid go like that said slumper did you think it was pretty cute i didn't see it he didn't say slumper he would know a slumper from at any rate time where it's needed to finish the ask me would that be the poll one day who is the definitive goi john ascrop or Tom rigid huh that's good poll pick a lot of people and how did that why do you're picking uh lead time you're naval lung forty a year by your cotton pick and okay and man the thing with hankman back tomorrow that may offer a little ray of hope you know that maybe we're coming back to sanity again and that the sanity and rationality will prevail what do you think i mean we don't want to overdo it one step at a time because our audience isn't used to that we don't want to have too many things not the hair that you enjoy or that you like so we want to like do it slowly you know just kind of like step back and very slowly from a still to i know you're like the man dog what's not to like you'll be along it too i don't know we got a lot of hurricanes stuff we got the marons stuff we got sports up the old a dial is what we got right now Armstrong for the home to once the tier there lots and so off all remaining oh for us near just some of the great deals waiting for it Armstrong's i speak and oh for f-150 pick up your pages the buck over in voice new oh for our stores you pay only a dollar over in voice Rangers not to be confused to the new York Rangers who we are waiting out Rangers combat choices and focuses all waiting for you which is the buck over in voice right now only at Armstrong for the most Armstrong for offers more valued with law customers too when you buy your four from Armstrong for you get their exclusive tires and batteries for life program you heard me right tires and batteries for life the value of get Armstrong for it is not there either because right now you need to a free floor to some past what any vehicle you buy if you're press for time Armstrong for those you time is valuable so call this number and shop by phone 305 247 51 12 247 512 they'll even deliver your new vehicle to you right where you hang it out Armstrong for the home set they're locally owned and operated they treat you just like family and you won't get a better deal anywhere in town on a great four no bait and switch no phony deals it's Armstrong for the home set at 307 25 South 16 highway just 20 minutes south of the 36 check them on the web at armstrongcarrys dot com you just grab a little and save a ton i'm at new forward only from our friends at Armstrong for the home set you are sent to me and Roger you are on five sixty sixty two eight that money tool yeah hello this is Albert Kider from Tony's and records and fighting you American in the deltify latest cats even collecting you know my home it is right up so hey Somebody from your purchase does not go through fun terrorism really. It's not time to get off the plane. Just relax and take it easy. You're just dumb, that's your fault. You wouldn't have been a spy or a Jew. Find a skin and a rat. If you want, pay me a change. Another variation on a classic one. That's a good one. I asked myself every day, With some Americans who think, Tell me if you're going to harm a snake. Don't understand, you're never like a hunk. I'm coming to the neck of a woman. She lives in a very unexposed sense. So buy new catch-team and selection to table 1995. Or you can pay with me some nice and good or weapons of nice to you. Hey, you know, won't be allowed before Joe Biden is going to be next to him. I knew as soon as he said, But at peace train cramp, it was just a sub-refuge camouflage. Man, Peter Paul and Mary. Just like that, I'll finish with you. Where was this kind of a cover-up? I mentioned this in passing, but we don't want to gloss over the Terry's law thing, do we? Laws over? No, don't. I don't think that it's unfortunately. It's not the one of the stories that never ends. I thought because the way they presented it, I'm certainly not losing it, because, Well, they have Florida Supreme Court ruled and therefore that's you. And well, of course, it's never the end of our way to husband. Everyone in the room pulled out two-bout right now. She's going to outlive us all. Yeah, should be wrong. Long after Fad S Governor Jim Bush is pushing up Daphitals. The Florida Supreme Court ruled today that Terry's law is unwell, I'm stating again. They ruled that it's unconstitutional. But in that Governor Jim Bush Fad S Governor Jim Bush, we have Bush and Adam and give it the power to reinsert the feeding tube to Terry's law. And it's unanimous ruling. The states highest courts said the law violated the separation of powers between the judicial legislative and executive grant, and that's a floor to legislation that you're improperly delegated power to the governor, the fewer of Florida. I mean, if it's good enough for his brother, why not good enough for him, right? Right. We recognize the tragic circumstances underlying this case, make it difficult to put emotion aside and focus solely on the legal issue and the law's intent. We're not insensitive to the struggle at all members of Theresa's family of a Dwarth since he fell unconscious in 1990. Don't you dare play that cool thing where he says, I just wasn't conscious. All right. Are you willing to find it like that? However, we are a nation of laws. We must go. But I would be conscious. Damn, man. I can't believe you did that. That would be, that would be as bad as playing. Oh, my God. He's a shepherd, had it. Anyway, however, we are a nation of laws and must go on out of a citizen's body rule of law and not by run emotions. Our hearts can fully comprehend the grief so fully demonstrated by Theresa's family members on this record, the ruling went on, but our hearts are not the law. What is in the constitution always must prevail over emotion. Our all-seas judges required this principle is our pool star and it alone. Our pool star. What the hell is that? Don't ask me. POLESTA are a full star. In other words, like we're looking up in the sky and there's the shining pool. There's a three wise man. Oh, the one that doesn't move the, where is that Frankenson? Oh, it's John Kerry. Do you want to look a little like Frankenson or Stein? Anyways, it was not a mean nasty. This is the thing that bothers me because once you think this is finally over, let's go down to some important business. Okay, this is a private matter. Get the government, get the freaking Fed ass governor out of it. And every time you think it's over, it's like they never stop. It's always that little opening. It was not immediately clear when a bush would load a federal court to attempt to appeal the ruling by the state Supreme Court or House in a would be when Terry Shavill is feeding tube would be removed. The court did give each side in the dispute ten days from today to ask where we're hearing in the case. But because it was unanimous vote, it would become like a wasted time, right? So probably if I ask Governor Jeb will be rushing down to the Supreme Court, he's probably on the full occurrence token Thomas right now. Tell him that hey, guess what, my brother's wife, you know, the first lady. She knows where to get some really good Schmidt. When you think, how do you like that? Yeah, this primass bitch, our first lady indeed. Oh, pretty tough on her first lady, yeah, right, Tony, voloni man. Tony, voloni. Have you ever noticed a long list of between Florida, S. Limbaugh, who was in for all the other drug use these items in the Huzga, Jimmy Swagger and Jim Baker and Tammy Faye. And now we got Paul and what's your name, Jean Crotch? Paul the Crotch problem, myster. All the same. All these right wing, goody two shoes, whole year than now, whatever it's what's his name at Fed S, Henry High from Illinois. All of them. Bobby Livingston, who am I forgetting about? All about your phone, he's when somebody tells you that they're better than you are, and that they're holier than now, and that they're more white. You know what that means? It means they're a pervert. But their closet is just overflowing. They got skeletons in there that have been born yet, is what it really means. So I'll begin us your song and dance, I'll kick it out of our face. Get out of our push, you little bit of his, including those five on the F.C. I like it. They're trying to knock me off before the end of the show. If I were you, I would tell, I would tell our arms and mother to be hot where you go home. Have another chat with him and tell him that this baby is on a way, ooh, okay. I mean, it is showing signs of which if they want me to take a look at the thing, if they want me to take you out a few days while they think about saying, a replacement piece of equipment, that would be just fine. You don't want to say anything? I mean, we're fine. Okay, mad dog is standing by. Here's the last telly now, who is most of playing for the dolphins, sorry team, 790 votes. They've launched that. I don't think they like his mustache. 285. They don't like his, the wants to add era so far. I don't give her from it once again. The timing could be perfect. I just died right at the top. 8.8. 20. The offensive line 66. I hit the dolphins 49. More Howard David of the 43. Ricky Williams 38. Rich Field Myster 23. J. Feele is got five, although he's kind of layin' off his days and that's where it goes. And poor AJ touchy, Feele man. Talk about being thrown into lions then. AJ touchy, Feele the last place only three. They don't play me, AJ, although you are arguing as soon. Anyway, we got to Magdal, coming to Mexico, all the hurricane stuff coming up in four clock after that. And the good news spread it around town. The Humper. The Humper is needed for it to come out. Bye bye. I got a look for something else to do.