There's Lady of Time. She's a Mother Dark's Jew. And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened. And she buying reddit seven. He lay them them. And the bread is unleavened. And the bread is unleavened. And the bread is healing unleavened. And the bread is unleavened. Making peace is hard to do. Don't take your rules. I'll end from me. How about to town south of Galilee. Leave us afraid that you still hate Jews. Because making peace is hard to do. I know that we, we used to fight. I need your help, baby. I'll have time. What you ever, even just want to. How about to run back and go to? It's true, you're not that weak. No, what more can I change? My own people is to answer my head. This is what you got. I will pray that I might end up in front. And once it comes, I'll never die. We will get this fun. But I was shaking hands with rain all the time. Let's get a beating again, and I'm in the bottom of the crew. Because making peace is hard to do. I can't beat pork, you're smunk. I can't beat it. Let's roast the pig for a piece. What do you say? Okay. Or let's roast the beast. Same difference. 10 or 3 and 5 and 60, WQAM. Well, boy, I tend to, this is going to be some week. Make no mistake about it. You know, can't you smell it already? See, and just another force I have. And I said, can't you smell it already? Are we still going to have 360 there? And instead of getting what I wanted to get. More on that. We're got absolutely. Bad news to get started. We don't want to do that. 10 US troops killed in Iraqi violence. 10 more, but of course, as somebody we know would say, it's worth it. George is on vacation this week. So I haven't anybody to say it's worth it. Come on, say it. It's worth it. There you go. You don't say it enthusiastically enough though. Sorry. Supporters of an anti. I can barely hear you. Are you like under the table? I'm right here. Supporters of an anti-American terror-created in four Iraqi cities. Yesterday killing 80 US troops in one Salvador and soldier in the worst on rest. The spasm of looting and arson immediately after the fall of Sodom. The US military yesterday reported also two Marines killed in the separate enemy action and bar province. Raising the total of American service members killed in Iraq to release 610 and the carnage just continues, but it's so well worth it. And Bush is still making a joke. I've been looking for those weapon-device destruction. And now Colin Paul says, all of the CIA gave me some of them information. No. You know, but those mobile labs and all those chemical weapons. And all those maps that he had there for the win and the road map to peace and all of these things. All of these things. All just what? He got some bum information. So another finger pointing is going hot and heavy. Got a lot of very embarrassing stuff this week, but does make any difference because it's a holiday. Kids are all out of school for a rum. Let's see. And you'll ever notice how the Jews in the Goiom always have holidays that like the major holidays overlap, so nobody gets left out. Well, Christmas and Christmas of Hanukkah. Same time, right? Yeah. Same concept. Give presents. Good gifts. Good for commerce. Easter and Pace-off. Right? Right? Always right about the same time. Sure. You got your good Friday. Come up this Friday. You got Pace-off starts tonight. Right? It's on down. You got it. So there you go. Don't need no bread. I'll think that right now you're going to burn in hell. Make no mistake about it. I got my wheat mothsa. Do you really? Yeah. You're still going to burn in hell anyway. Natasha Kinski. Now do you know her? Are you familiar with her? No. Should I tell her who it is? I have no idea who she is. You're out of the loop band. Anyway, she's actually pretty old. She's 45, born January 24, 1959 in Berlin. And she's a model. She was all kinds of movies. Who the hell is who she is? She's on our thing today. You had to be there for your over the age of 75. And you have 14 pieces of ID and lettuce from her great grandparents. Maybe you can take a quick peek at it until John Askcroft catches you with your hands below the table. She's got very tiny boobies, by the way. Am I a opinion? Could I be wrong? She was in paradise. Found all around the town. She all kinds of TV movies and nothing really made you know. She's more her model than like a major actress. Natasha Kinski is there. They just read it. Perusing you is whatever you want to do. Now I got some bad news. Or actually it's good news. I think. That I finally wise up. I got tired of being a fool. Amor on. Amor on. All these years. The fundraiser that we were going to do. And I'm going to say again that we were going to do. I want to first thank even Greg Reed popped in the 500 bucks which for him was like a major miracle. And the mufflands he contributed and Rick Shaw called in which was very nice. Thanks anyway Rick. But nobody's going to get charged because luckily Eric had like a kind of a permonition. That we might be following you to a bucket of stuff. And so he didn't deposit any of the credit card the contribution. I wonder why Miguel was asking me now you didn't donate any money. No. So somebody worried about it. I wasn't worried. Yeah you were. Okay I was worried. You were going to get into a bucket of stuff and we'd have them all. All the people called Miguel by the way if you're confused about this. We'll be able to number a little bit later. Call him up in promotions. They will anyway. Yeah. But we're just in deposit and the contributions. Quite frankly there was not much in the first place. Like over the weekend. I think we had about how many more dollars. About 30 men. Yeah. So and of course Scott and New York and these probably listen right now. How many how many thousand scots do you think are in New York City? About 30 men. I would say it to very least. We don't have this guy's last name. When Eric offered the extended hand a friendship. I mean this is just one little radio show in one little market. We're not syndicated. We're not reaching anybody. You know how many people we got on the internet? About 30 men. Just keep pumping that thing. They like it. So I mean what are we going to accomplish on this one radio station? Why the hell should we be the conduit for trying to like drum this stuff? I did this 17 18 years ago. I didn't learn my lesson. I got burned then and I would get burned to get now. And I'm not going to take people's money in good conscience. Not that there was actually pouring in. But I'm not going to take a dime for anybody. And then find out that though it is guy. Doesn't we who knows what the story is with this guy. But it comes back to Eric with a line like, well, I got more right at the moment. I got more signatures than you people have money. Well, what is that? What kind of a line is that? That's his response? Yes. He's got more signatures than we got money. Is there is if somehow we're in competition with him? I wasted the last three weeks of the show with his stop at CC dot com. I was going to accomplish something being the more on that I am. And right. And look, this industry deserves whatever it gets because like I said last Friday and this is the truth. The broadcast industry blows. It's full of the most scourly, the most spinyless people. No back goal whatsoever. And whatever the FCC tells him jump this high. They'll say, well, how about if I jump a little bit higher just to make sure. Just like our weak need pansies, we got running around the recue way. I'm old. I think I heard something there. I think it's a lot though. I don't want mention any names. You know. Was that. Yeah, I don't want mention no names. Duffing clearance, but nevertheless. I think we better have a better bleed. You know. Yeah, we need a better bleed. That's a new deal now. The search for a better bleed. How about this one? Yeah, that's a little bit louder. Yeah, yeah. So I'm just not going to do it. I appreciate the people that did want to help out. And there weren't really that many of them. But that's figures anyway. You're not going to raise money. Now the thing that where you tell me before the show about was the beast. Where you told me about the Orlando. But what? The fact that they were there was at Miguel tell me about how they were calling into raise money to send him to the, you know, you told me. Yeah, yeah, there was like back just after the NFL combine. Orlando's. NFL combine. Are you ready for that? The big ol goes on the air. He pays for his own trip out there, which was what a child he is. So we can go on the air and give all that big information on his sports and her dub session. And the audience is calling it. No, where we want to donate the money Orlando to send you out there because we should have to pay for your own way. And they're sending him checks, which of course he couldn't accept and had a send him back. But for that, they'll send in their money. But for the first amendment for freedom of speech for whatever they want to hear on a radio, watch on TV. Oh, we can't be bothered with that. That's so when they take away when they take away in a few months, all the shows you want to see on cable, when MTV starts playing the path boom records all day long, don't be blind. I mean, don't, don't look at the rest of us. We gave an opportunity. Nobody really cares. Nobody gives a crack. A lot of us we have the games, man. That's right. That's how we care about on QM is ball games. Okay. We got the big Marlon over which we're in the like static. I have, well, I'll be a big Marlon fan again. Any day that they're playing a day game that starts before 2 o'clock. I say, let's go. Marlon's you. I'm a big fan. I'm not going to pretend to be a Marlon fan. I don't care about baseball. I just don't care. Unlike so many of the people in South Florida, maybe a majority of them front running phones. Oh, we love them. Remember that panther business man seems like a lifetime ago now. That's the only reason we got that macarines sitting there right now. Because Wayne was able to suck the blood out of South Florida, playing at one big year into the building there now. Where they keep announcing 17,000, 15,000 and you look around over where are they? They all are getting something to eat now or what's the identified out that happened got free tickets anyway. Which is the nice way to piss off the season ticket holders. Or honestly, nice way to f**k off the season ticket holders. I don't know if you can get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance to get a chance. about the screw those people, okay? With a 30 million year. There's the guy who's who ought to be doing something about it. If he really is the one that they're all coming after to try nail his assing and to knock him off the other, why isn't he doing it? Why isn't he to want to run into campaign? He's the guy that the Scott kid called first, not this show, but he's not doing it. Oh, here's a lovely story like this a lot before the break. Being a new Englander yourself. Yeah. Police rescue to Boston woman from the jaws of her seven foot Burmese python after the snake climbed out of where Arm and started squeezing. He was squeezing it. Wanda Nunes, 43 told the Boston hero that their python mama went for arm surely before she planned to feed her two rats, Saturday morning, I'm assuming for breakfast. She must have smelled the rats because she reached back and lunch from my arm knew he said, before I know what she was all over her racked around me every time I tried to prior or move she just got tighter around my leg. For 13 year old son called police after trying and failing to pull the snake off his mother. Police officers were able to pry mama off noon. He isn't put her back in her cage. See back in the day I had so many lines I could use in the story about a better not. Yeah. Newness of the snake was part of the family. He had no plans to get rid of her. The police wanted to put her down and she said, but I begged him not to put her down. Oh, come on with me. Have you ever heard a line like that? Have we heard a snake? I heard a like a we guard away. A horse, a dog. They wanted to put the snake down, which is probably a good idea. They found the employees goers now. The Janet Jackson top of the store comes complete with her away Velcro top. Mom, I can see Janet's movies. Hey, they're cool. The Janet Jackson top of the store. They're bacon. The ladies all kinds of bacon. Put naked in school. That's sassy. And coming soon, the Michael Jackson's hero way Velcro moves. I got your nose. 10 17 at 5 60 WCMS. We asked out in Friday. What is the worst sit down restaurant chain in America? No drive through that was the that was the a dividing point. Otherwise, if it has a drive through that. So I got a fast food joint. Denny's wins hands down your pants man. I'd even close 509. We despise Denny's. We can't stand it. It's nauseating. It's for like trailer trash basically, right? I like the service. trailer trash and drunken macologes kids who go in there about 3 30 in a morning. Yeah, you can't complain about the service attendees because basically there is many. The oligarden 256 magnificent choice. Crap pure crap. Anybody that eats at the oligarden? I'm guarantee also eats vanilla ice cream. I like the tour vitally. Waffle house 2 16, which I haven't eaten in one of those in so long. I couldn't give you an honest opinion. Apple bs 163, which Josh was not there the first hour this morning because he's doing something. Apple bs 163 used to work there. He said it sucks. I hop 158. I think if you drive around America, one of it probably the most. The most out of business buildings you'll see is I hops. You know what I mean? Yeah. Shows of a building. It used to be oh yeah. They look like it used to be. I have. I think there's one down in South Miami. They turn it into a adult video place. There you go. 158 probably even better stuff inside. Or can say that. Pizza Hut 142, Red Lobster 129, overpriced, uh, Crap. Shownies 114. I'm disappointed Matt. Anybody ever eat at the Shownies out there in a debut road extension? No. You know what I'm talking about? I've seen it off the side. I've seen it off the side. I've got the Hestation in Godfathers. I know it. There are a long, long time because back up North Shownies and last brothers big were pretty good. You ever ate at a Shownies? Once. Until that could? Yeah. Great strawberry pie. Golden Corral 105. Eat in there? No. That should be right up your alley. It's a smorgas board. It's a bluefeet. Pick it all a cafeteria 99 crackleberry crackleberry. Cracker burrow head AB. Chilly 61. Morrison's cafeteria. Oh, 160. Melting pot 57. Stookies 54. But man at peanut brittle, especially the stuff from 1932 is dynamite. Ben against 45. Fun rockers 45. They butter the bun. Friday's 41. Rascal house 40. The outback 38. The macaroni grill 35. That's a cheap shot. What's they're not to like about the macaroni grill. Besides the guy to get up on the table and sings old man a black river or whatever he sings old man river. Don't you like the macaroni grill? I do like the macaroni grill. Keeping in mind that they bring us free food all the time in their fine sponsor. They're great. The bread steak factory. I don't think I ever ate it. There's one in the sawgrass. But I stay away from the sawgrass. Perkins, packing has 26 which I like a lot. Hot 24. The ale house 20. Tony Romas 14 and Bobby Rubino's 10 out of almost 2600 votes. What's not to like about Tony Romas and Bobby Rubino's? What's what's they're not to like? I don't even know the Bobby Rubino still existed. Now I'm pretty sure that he's dead. That's his shiller around. I believe. So that's a poll from a Friday. Here's today's poll. It's not very exciting. In fact, the poll pushes out there that we have the audience. If you got some good ideas for some polls, thanks a minute. Because I'm really running dry as the expression goes. After a while, after the first 80,000 polls, you start running dry a little bit. Oh, let's do one we never did before. I don't think we did this one. Based on your knowledge of history, which in most cases is probably pretty limited, name your choice for the worst US president ever. Now Miguel's probably thinking this is just another chance for a cheap shot at Bush, right? Isn't it? Yes. Oh, and in fact, why don't we also put on here George Herbert Walker? How do we do that? George Bush the first? What does put, I could play H. W. But they don't know whether George Bush won. So here's the list. George W. Bush, Jimmy Carter, Richard Nixon, Gillesie's S. Grant, Ronald Reagan, Herbert Hoover, Bill Clinton or George Bush the first? And they can add some art of this if they will. All I can imagine, probably who's the one Andrew Johnson was impeached? Not convicted though, just like Bubba. It's so sad. John Dean tells that Bill Moyers that Bush should be impeached. And you know what? He is right on it, man. Those hearings should be going on right now. Bill Moyers from Reconcil the present John, let's see on Friday with Bill Moyers. Former council the present John Dean tells Bill Moyers that he believed this is so poorly written. I can't even believe it. Tells Bill Moyers that he believed the Bush administration secrecy and deception over the war with the raction resauding impeachment. Clearly it's an impeachable offence. He says, I think the case is overwhelming that these people presented false information to Congress and the American people. And like I said now, here's Colin Powell running around. Oh, well, I got that information from the CIA. Let's hang George Tenet from an oak tree somewhere. Okay. Let's blame him. Telly. Man, you talk about scramble and the public is still right down the middle of 50 50. I'm going to make sure that the money we're spending actually. All right. Not to mention $100 billion. They're fussing on the toilet and it gets worse and worse every day and more and more dead bodies. And they hate us like poison. Not just an Iraq but all over the world. This was Dean's first TV interview about his new book Worst in Watergate, the secret presidency of George W. Bush. And the interview tape Friday in New York, Dean compares the Bush in Nixon White houses. There are many things worse than Watergate. He says taking the nation to war in a time when they might not have had to go to war and people dying. Did you see that? Was on Friday night? I'm sure you saw it on PBS. No. Why the hell not? It's on our website. So we actually'll transcript the interview. It's on there. Oh, and speaking of what comes around goes around here. Some good news. Yeah. Operishio investigated for indesensiv. All right. The crackdown on Smut on America's air waves is entered new and surprising territory following reports that less than open-minded federal regulators have turned their attention on unexpected target. They apparently perineally popular Oprah Winfrey show. See you made me brush my teeth to make them dark and talk. Got like fruit mouth. I know I have that every day. On a rampage since Janet Jackson let a breast slip from her costume during the mid game music show at the Feverfrey Super Bowl. The FCC has acknowledged that it's looking at the complaints that Winfrey may have crossed the decency line and at least one of her shows. Winfrey has Howard Stern, America's favorite radio shock jack to blame for her troubles. Stern himself has been the target of a relentless pressure from Washington to Tony on his broadcast and recently struck back by suggesting to his listeners that Winfrey was surely a worse offender. If they find me, they got to find Oprah the darling of the world Stern told his listeners to which to go. The DJ directed into his website where he provided a transcript of a Winfrey broadcast about teenage sex and included instructions how they could file a complaint with the FCC sources at the FCC confirm the agency had received about 700 complaints about Winfrey while most of them have might have been spurred by Stern apparently they've been enough to prompt a formal investigation. So far Stern's been able to cling on to his perch offering a mix of music and sometimes Emodus Chichet every morning on K-rock in the Urkund by Infinity Broadcasting who's already been fined for somebody's told his listeners but another broadcasting chain clear channel dropped him from any of its stations last month and it goes on and on about Howard this and Howard that got you out of yoddy. And about his stunner equal fools day when they did the first hour and no forty five minutes with some guys in their pretending that he got canned, etc. and so on because it's all about him it's all about more publicity for Howard and that's the sad part you know as if he really needs it. That's what he's all about. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line look at that full man it's smoking at it oh yeah tons of people so our poll today is calling it name of bunch of prisons. Right? Yeah that little little do it call it a name some presidents okay like Calvin Cooler, cheers a good one. There's a bad one right there he's speaking right now. I just voted for George W. Bush who's already got 28 votes. 560 oh that's right it's one of my talking about we're not gonna have any calls this week it's a it's a Passover and the Easter week this is always the worst week of the year this is the W.E.A.K. the worst week in the year there's no response that's the spring break in Brower. Oh it's also spring break in Brower like I said kids out of school school you don't think that's a coincidence do you this is the way to pacify everybody during the June to go in holidays roll the roll it all we were big ball of wax that everybody out of school so everybody would more than 50 bucks get out of town on the Friday gone for the long weekend 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line we can just play and preview the new H.C.N. this that came in today all the bits W.E.A.M. hello hi Neil yes sir hey uh as far as the president's go obviously the worst one was ablankin for free in this place yeah that's cute oh always good to start the road off on a high week the week off the the no the old whatever seat must be no seriously I got I got a tongue problem now let's see it is that was from that damn toothpaste it tastes like fluoride all right yeah that's my girl's line oh that's my favorite flavor what's that fluoride there's only one flavor and toothpaste fluoride and that's what what a fluoride taste like yeah like that some a little bit tongue type from now all that aquifer first is pretty good stuff I like it with a stripe you know it looks it looks like candy cane done that okay crest who faced with all those little fruity flavors man seriously that is it's like it's like brushing your teeth with candy which might not be a bad idea how do we just do a poll on what your favorite toothpaste is are you serious why don't we just yeah after 11 o'clock believe this poll up for an hour and then 11 o'clock will do what your favorite toothpaste is which would be the worst poll in this be this show but it's a beast idea maybe I bet you we get it from it is response on that and then we can do like your favorite toothpaste flavor fluoride that's my girl's 27 page 2015 was 550 South and the You know Jesus always said But he have a little faith Everybody's gonna go sometimes I'm tired of you, dad Come back and I'll come back Okay, please don't let me die I'm getting too old for this What's happening gonna be okay? You crazy Jesus That was the most bravest, most reckless unbelievable thing I've ever seen in my life You gotta dance with you something Hey, you said we drive home handcuffed and drive home Oh no, you crazy Come on You crazy You crazy I'm looking to call you You crazy I'm not gonna die 1032 or 560 there was one bleep in there that I'm sure somebody's having a risk break That was good enough for me Okay, I'm not playing a game anymore You know, I'm just not playing with that clown 97 votes on this poll I have a clockable change it I just thanks the new one to Eric How much do you care about the Marlins? Don't you think that's appropriate? That is Are you all so excited about the Marlin opening season tomorrow You're not a Marlin fan anyway He's excited about his red-colored closing yesterday About his red-colored shock him He's not excited about his ruins winning yesterday I was excited about that See, we have your priorities He's all screwed up man Because nobody really cares about baseball It's boring It's like trying to take Applebees and make it into a gourmet restaurant Not a Boston man, Boston baseball rules I'm not talking about Boston, I'll talk about you You're not in Boston last time I checked, okay? You ought to be right now Stand the cup playoffs coming up Anybody who's even a peripheral hockey fan should be whipped up into a frenzy How about those leaves? Yeah! Six nothing and not a well man What a bunch of choking dogs You ought to be like so heavy duty in a hockey one here like hockey play by play Doing a show today all day long All right What do you think? Get idea Turkey backing to be Danny Ock Camera was an impressive baker in that first career Well he came to the Canadian With racial death So there's this guy right on That was probably fortunate in the get that fuck man Danny Gallerman by the way he still did you know that? You know that? You even know who Danny Gallerman is, okay? Anyways, don't start with a hockey stuff Okay, that'll be the show in the end of you How much do you care about the Marlins? This'll be the pool at 11. I just passed a daybreak A lot, I'm a huge fan honest See you have to when you when you vote on that honest I'm a fan, I'll go to a few games A little bit or not at all zero nada Those are the four choices there's nothing really in between Because it's a front running phony town You got over 50,000 tickets sold for tomorrow's opening game against the expose no less And we're starting to pregame festivity with my close personal friend Joseph Aki Turn the jacking stock, okay Okay, but he'll be right out there at pppark in noon tomorrow So we have just a two hour show I love the Marlins on those days And then the hump are beyond after the ball game So we got the big opening date of Marlin I heard them arguing Zack and Joe Rose this morning And they crossed over and they big crossed over we have About who's gonna how many people are gonna show up on Wednesday Who's gonna really be there for the second game after the opening day festivity Kids are out of school and proud right? Yeah, no excuses this week No reason why they shouldn't have some good crowds all week long Or talk at baseball And I know give me all that good crack good weather What's not to like? So the expose is a big series at the Marlins And we'll see on Wednesday I'm taking maybe About 30,000 about 30 people How many of you say? They're gonna get more than 30 people How many people do you think about 6,000? I'm talking about she took it sold It's gonna be deceptive because they actually have 8,000 season tickets this year So when you look in the box score It's gonna say like 879 whatever And there might be only 4,000 people are 12,5 12,5 And Miguel Let's go with 25 25,5 25,5 25,000 on Wednesday You must be out of your mind You must be getting all panicked because your house is burning down on their in-day county It'll teach you live in-day county God is not too happy with day county these days And God's also not too happy with a bushmider Do you know that? To have you built your business You can leave it to whoever you want without the federal government You're good Before Rice agreed to testify in public 911 Commission Executive Director Fact White House 1945 photo To a presidential chief of staff appearing before Pearl Harbor Congressional panel And they warned the White House Council that in the less Rice Testified in public photo will be all over Washington 24 hours This is a great story It's on our website Like all of our great stories Last Monday morning 911 Commission Executive Director Phillips Zellacau facts they photographed To the White House Council's office with a note saying That if the White House didn't allow national security adviser Condolese arrested testify in public before the Commission The photograph will be all over Washington 24 hours newsweek magazine is learned The photo from a November 22nd 1945 New York Times story So the presidential chief of staff Admiral William D. Lee he appearing before a special Congressional panel investigating the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor The point was clear the White House could no longer get away with the claim That Rice's appearance would be a profound breach of president How do you like that? So they just kept lying and lying and stolen Oh, Condolese it would love to testify in public Under oath, but she just can't do that It would be a bad precedent as opposed to a bad president How do you like that? Turns out to be a pop-pollocrat And so one of the members of the Commission The Executive Director of the Commission asked to threaten them With a copy of this photo saying either It's kind of like Luca Brazzi all over again You know Just amazing And a public discontinue sitting out there To keep you to the right thing he's doing a hell of a job I don't understand it, do you? I'm not talking to Miguel because he's hopeless He's politically, I don't get it I don't understand what the public is thinking about The man has lied through his teeth There are kids dying every day over there for no good reason The situation is becoming so chaotic now It's just totally out of hand And it reminds me of Vietnam all over again Because we've gotten ourselves into a mess that we First of all didn't belong there in the first place Just like Vietnam And secondly They keep lying to us through their teeth Just like in Vietnam when they kept lying about Oh, and pieces at hand and all the sudden bullcraft The Kissinger was given us And a body bag keep coming all the way every day We got some other public and a public's his OG When do we get to see Janet's other movie That's what the public hears about By the way, we got Natasha Kinski on our website today For those real test rodos behind the Beaded Curtain Based on your knowledge of history Name your choice for the worst US president ever We got 145 votes George W Bush has got a nice even 100 A ride! Nice job, W. Even 100 Jimmy Carter 16 Bill Clinton 10 Dick Nixon 7 Can we say that? Nothing, Nixon is obscene Herbert Hoover 5 You'll see his grand foe and Ronald Reagan 3 Wait till we get to the Marlin pool We love the Marlin It's just like the thing with a panther This is the thing that just one of the many things That just drives me up to Wal about South Florida You could come back in 5 years You could come back in 10 years Of course some of the teams have been gone by that time But it'll be something else, you know They'll be trying to sell another extension to the public of the metro rail To OGis It's always the same neurotic repetition O.G. you're wrong, you're so negative The people are obsessed with the Marlins We love the Marlins And if we're for you we'd have that stadium Yeah, I got to do with it And it's all Neil Spalt Make no mistake about it If I weren't so negative about the Marlin organization They'd have the stadium If maybe if Wayne weren't such a tight ass Maybe they might be able to stay in the state of the ring right now If he'd make him a better deal Because they're in the perfect location You can drive right in there right off the turnpike Great location best in town If Wayne were to tight ass So blame Wayne, blame Paul Dio for it Because he's the grave robber He's the chigger in wood pile All the time About the macarina Two bad we can't play that song anymore You know we can play a little bit of it And that's it That's all we can play But we do have this And I'm going to tell you something right now And you can mark it down If Howard County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility I will not play here I will not have you guys Look at me for the next 10 years And here's the guy that said one thing And when I'm out and did something else Alright, what a liar man What a funny Built on that beautiful bigger arena there Then of course he dumped that team off as Quark is he could All that ballooning from that one season He did was just parlay it into more money As the guy says, oh I'm not here for the fans I'm not in this business for the fans I'm going to have to make money I was rushing my teeth with that criss-star How much do you need? How much does anybody need? How much blood you want to suck out of the community Wayne before you find me say, hey I'm really going to give something back Oh no unless you build me that arena And of course they did build me arena And now we head to that silly bunch by the team And look what happened they make the playoffs Oh no, is there going to be a season next year? Probably not. Spyder what Gueldi says Don't even need Gueldi wants to make sure there's a season next year Because she's his job and we're wrong here And the room with that I'm here and is they're going to offer it to him Did you know that? I didn't know that Yeah, that's the room I'm here Well, he went from the other day I talked to Gueldi He didn't seem too confident Really? Yeah. I think it's going to be great I think it will be real exciting In fact, maybe he can play too Anyhow in between In between calls Very sad Very sad situation here There are no hockey fans in South Florida It's like just it's pathetic 560560 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line 19 to 11 we got the mad dog at two The hego hammers off today I'm sure for some good reason it's got nothing to do with pace off Joseph Gackie at Forest Hank on vacation or something Oh, it's the incidentally turn of it. I'm sure he's somewhere These somewhere only probably got sent to the woodshed for bitching out David Samson Oh, Joe is at the Schulis steak 2 and Miami Lakes Old of penis face per can hotline at 7 Then you got the big all eight send him some checks I'm somebody you can use it any kid 10 o'clock and then of course after that 560560 320 2 Yeah He'll hung's bang out job on American Idol And now all of William hung's greatest hits are on one amazing CD It's hung up on hung 1, 2, 3, 4 570 If you go on miss around because she wrote me so And you sign up for sure Yes, from Outcast to J.Lo. Everyone's hung up on hung J.Lo in the house Don't be fooled by a rock that I got I hear I still feel it from rock He used to have a little now he has a lot of toned-up fans who can't get him out of hung up on hung You can find me in a club Farah for a pub By my end of what you need If you need a few hung It's worth a lot more than 50 cent Or now you'll also get this free bonus CD On American Idol Lizard Things the American Idol winners Oh, fair and rough Oh, I'm a Jew He seems a pandan No longer need to be the fan set Come on Oh you When the wrong He's true William hung's hung up on hung It's only available for the next 15 minutes of his fame So don't delay Call now It's a 1046 at 560WM We're going to pull 229 votes based on your knowledge of history Name your choice for the worst US president ever George W. Bush 160 Oh Jimmy quoted 24 Bill Clinton 18 which I can't accept We'll Clinton haters which must be those people Robert Cooper and anybody possibly say that I think you're pardon? Robert Cooper voted 19 times I'm sure he did What a schmuck What a puts Dick Nixon 10 Robert Hoover 6 Elysses S. Grant 4 George Herbert Walker Bush He's got 4 and the Ronald Reagan 3 On a 240 Nobody voted yet for Abelinko and our first Jewish president Bush and Blair Now I don't know if somebody facts the story Which I would really appreciate I appreciate the sentiments by some of these people out there But take a look at our website Before you start factoring us stories And wasting enormous amounts of fans paper So on our website today Bush and Blair made secret Packed for your rack war if there's anybody In this audience or anywhere in the world who doesn't believe That this thing was cooked up ahead of time You're in a dream world even Miguel most at by now I would think Yes No see even he knows that Even a Bush loving Republican elephant a trunk the squeezing Goop ball like him Professional Cuban who doesn't have a brain left in his body Even he knows it Which I think is really on a hero by the way He's got a whole big thing about his spanics This and his spanics that and all my god Did you see that? Survey about politically this and about the acubines are much more Right wing than the rest of it is if we didn't know that The Miami hero that from there should be no more English version of the hero Just L. Harold would suffice please no more They're not kidding anybody President George Bush first asked Tony Blair to support the removal of The Sodom was seen from poverty private by house dinner nine days after the terror attacks of 9.11 9 days after According to Sir Christopher Meyer the former British Ambassador to Washington was at the dinner When Blair became the first formally to the visitor mark after 9.11 Blair told Bush he should not get distracted from the war on tears initial goal Dealing with the Taliban and al-Qadnaf Ganesh Stan Bush claims Meyer replied by saying I agree with you Tony we must deal with this first but when we have dealt with Afghanistan We must come back to Iraq Regen changed was already west policy It was clear Meyer said that when we did come back to Iraq it wouldn't be to discuss smart assinctions Elsewhere in this interview Meyer says Blair always believed it was unlikely that Sodom would be removed from power Give up his weapon to mass destruction without a war Faced with this prospect of a further war he adds Blair said nothing to demurre In other words he didn't disagree Details of this extraordinary conversation are published this week in a 25,000-hour article on the path to war with Iraq In the may issue of the American magazine Vanity Fair provides new cooperation to the claims made last month And a book by Bush's former counterterrorism chief Richard Clark that Bush was obsessed with Iraq as his principal target after 9.11 But the implications for Blair may still be more explosive The discussion implies that even before the bombing of Afghanistan Blair already knew that the US intended to attack Sodom next All of it continued to insist in public that notices have been taken until almost the moment that the invasion began March of 2003 His critics are likely to seize on the report of the two leaders exchange demand to know when Blair resolved to provide the backing of Bush saw And it goes on a great length. It's really well worth reading From the Guardian the British newspaper the Guardian Bush and Blair made secret pack for Iraq war nine days after 9.11 And the Bush are crew the neoconcerary decided on this long before that Well, what does that mean neo what is that prove? Nothing nothing I guess It's worth it like George says it's worth it It's worth it Now this this story here this really just drives me up the wall American justice jury acquits Texas mother who killed her sons You see this no you know the story of course. Yeah, how she bashed in their heads with rocks. Yeah The woman who claimed that God ordered her to bash in the head of her sons was acquitted of all charges by reason of insanity Saturday and Tyler Texas after a jury determine that she Didn't know right from wrong during killings A jury found that the Anna Laney was legally insane may 9th when she killed her two older sons ages six and eight in the front yard Let the youngest now two mained in his crib Laney 39 would have received an automatic life sense as she even had the convicted of capital murder Laney broken in tears as divert was right or husband keep Laney set solemnly with his head down a few jurors cried and struggle to maintain their composure State medical law allows Laney to be committed to a maximum security state hospital medical evaluations will dictate when she'll be released When she'll be released jurors deliberated about seven hours before reaching their verdict in the deaths of eight year old Joshua and six year old Luke in the beating of Aaron Defense attorneys argue that insanity was the only reason why a deeply religious mother who home schooled her children would kill two of them and name another without so much as a tear She deeply religious and insanity seems to be the being redundant there. There was no crime said Tom to carry one of Laney's lawyers. She was insane there can be no other answer See I am an asking for years. I don't I mean you think Ted Bundy was saying David Berkowitz no John Wayne Gacy you think that those people were saying never makes any difference in those cases You have to be insane to do the things that they did but when it comes for the purposes of of American public's anger We want justice so we like either fry those people or the law prohibits that we put them away forever But in this particular case because she was a good religious lady deeply religious home schooled her children she must have been crazy at the time All five mental health experts could sell it in the case including two for the prosecution one for the judge concluded that a severe mental illness Cause later had psychotic delusions that rendering capable of knowing right from wrong during the killings These standard for in Texas for insanity Psychiatrist testified that she believed he would definitely chosen by God Just as Mary was chosen to bear Jesus to kill her children as a test of faith and then serve as a witness after the world ended She all sounded he crazed you then any other religious person quite frankly Crazy In closing arguments earlier Saturday prosecutors portrayed the killings last mother's day weekend as the separately planned and coldly executed It was graphic. It was horrific and it was brutal Prosecutor Matt Bingham told a jury Bingham pounded as fist in his hands. He recounted Joshua's killing. He got strike after strike after strike on his head at the point that his brains were coming out of his head like liquid Prosecutor's portray the killings as deceptively planned and coldly executed. They said that even if Laney Belichi was doing right by God She had to have known she was doing wrong by state law her first call they pointed out was to 9-11 to some of the authorities So she was crazy after do it, but she was saying enough to call 9-11 and say hey something wrong just happened here Maybe she had picked up the wrong phone. Maybe she really wanted to call the bound the bat line talk to God And see if he was happy now to cut the wrong extension. Yes. She just got the wrong extension. Good point So she's going to go away to some institution somewhere and then we'll you know slide for on a rest of come out again. You'll keep your eye on that down the road She'll be carrying a heavy load down the road. Look at this planned ball baby. I'm seeing it in you know basically The last year okay, you wanted one more year where you might think baseball should be banned I think they just should end up right now. Why it's dramatic the drama again blows. No, you know, you don't even like baseball. I love baseball based on what It's a great sport. It's boring his helmet. It's not even a sport. It's boring the intricacies of it. It's dramatic is what how many times somebody scratches their private's in between pitches How many times somebody like pay rod for example or punch how many times he crosses himself before each pitch. That's pretty dramatic You're just you're just negative about everything. No, I'm not a mess. I'm not negative. I'm standing up play awesome all excited about your on America. Friends you about that. What you're on American. You may have a point there Based on your knowledge of history name your choice for the worst US president ever I'm certainly not on America when it comes to football in the your patriots. That is true. You know what the really sad part of that is Yeah, that had to be the probably the most exciting Super Bowl game in history I don't think there's too much debate about that nobody nobody remembers not only who won the game, but the game itself All they know about is Janet's booby. That is true. Now, what does that say about America A phenomenal game the Patriots win the Super Bowl twice in three years. The dolphins are foaming at the mouth I think it's great that J. Feele is going to be back for another go go around Do you have any idea how bad that often is going to be this season AJ Feele man. Yeah touchy Feele touchy Feele And if the N. A guarantee of Michael Powell finds out about that you won't see him no more touchy Feele They're going to be really bad But so I guess it was a propitious moment for the people of South Florida Even though we lost freedom of speech it was well worth having Janet pull at the booby out because everybody forgets about it There was a ball game and who won the game Here's the final total now on his first poll which really sucks I like to wonder about the Marlins video we do it every year and a lot of people lie a lot of people lie like crazy Just like all those people were going to send in money first stop FCC and we're going to do that now you're not full of crap 321 votes based on your knowledge of history name your choice for the worst US president ever in a history of the US of a a George W. Bush 225 70% of Bush mice do rules Jimmy Carter 32 built 10 to 23 probably your people of Miguel See no comment Richard Nixon 12 Herbert Hoover 10 George Herbert Walker Bush that's Bush won the US 7 You'll this is as grand six who is nothing but a truck in general and the Ronald Reagan six out of 21 votes We'll be changing that at the top of the hour should have a Kennedy up there See what I mean right there that that's all you need to know about Miguel Escobar and his drug family Home is fist like he is so jubilant. Yeah, no, they have pigs JFK Can't let him rest in peace. Can't let JFK rest in peace. Got to pick on his ass now Man, like I said, I'm not going to hope ain't no hope one dimensional We know Come on, he's the company's the company's the frame all tired crap come back in 30 years man. How many but third man same thing Just like CM QFM V number one station over the assimilation factor Right the simulation my ass there ain't no assimilation factor going on I ain't to break the news to Miguel, but guess what bilingualism doesn't work get with the program or by by that's basically how it should work I mean what do I know them? I know one thing you can spring it a savings right now and save like crazy with a great new car truck from armstrong's Toyota of homestead You'll find him on US one twenty and south of the eight thirty six Armstrong's Toyota homestead is worth the drive No matter where you're living because they can save you so much cash literally thousands on great new Toyota's Check out these great leestials waiting for your what is I speak an old for camera or for one or for just two sixty nine a month for forty eight months How about an old for a highlander just three on item on needed truck? How about an old four Toyota to tender the safest truck in America? You pay just a hundred seventy nine a month for forty eight months And these are just some of the great savings waiting for your right now at armstrong's Toyota homestead With those nasty tool increases on people using cash on the turnpike now armstrong's will give you a free some pass when you buy your new car truck there General manager David rich in a staff will do just about anything out of the sun to put you in a great new Toyota today So experience for yourself the armstrong Toyota homestead difference they're local owned and operated they're committed to a hundred percent customer satisfaction to their service departments You can open late till eight week nights to make sure they get all your service worked on and done right of course You'll find them at US one in two ninety-three in homestead just twenty easy minutes out to the eight thirty six So please quit wasting your time at those mega dealers or car giants are giving the big saw in advance They always over promise and under deliver do our new yourself a big favor by calling David rich the GM at armstrong's Toyota homestead The 305 24232 47 305 24232 47 drive a little and save a ton on that great new Toyota at armstrong's Toyota of homestead We're sports video five c4 you a M Don't you go back to kill for your spake fast Absolutely Carey Pay tender Every baby, every night as crazy as being He wants to help And a crowd of colleagues Throw a knife You're called a monster You're called a monster You're really kicking his face Like, I need to be a game Every baby Every baby Every, every night as crazy as being He wants to help And a crowd of colleagues Throw a knife You're called a monster You're called a monster Every baby 11.03.05.06.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0000.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00?00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00. And that's because they hate W like poison and rightfully so is Miguel Garner as he's still there. I hear he's still there What's his server Josh Cordos is he laying out today? Yes, he have an an orgy at his house Is that what's going on over there? I'm sure if he's listening. Hurry up What does that mean? What else you got to do? You don't have you don't have that bitch to chase him on a haul anymore Huh? I have a lot of things to do. I'm busy. What is what? Is it gonna give out free tickets? What could you be doing more important than sitting on this very important show? You might actually learn something all the way out in your case was it's hopeless. I'd be listening to you feeling No, you would not My knowledge of history name your choice for the worst US president ever now. Yeah, we I guess we currently put a put JFK on here We'd had 800 votes oh The BF pigs BF pigs with hell you know all about your people you know somebody's to go But they're all listening to WCMQ FM anyway Now you should be able to tell us what they're playing on CMQ FM. You should know it's probably your crowd They play a lot of old Spanish we know that give us some names give us some art What what does that mean? This is so typically Cuban man. It's like it's like that other Francisco Ruka is the best way to show on him. What what what time is he on? I don't know yeah, I don't know he's the greatest in the world, but he don't even know what time he's that much less I'm just going to tell you what he's talking about as the same thing with CMQ FM You talk to any a Julio down here in South Florida. Oh, yeah, well, CMQ FM is sticking out as they're playing oldies Well, well give me one That's not not the whole playlist give me one artist that they're playing I wouldn't like that they don't know they're playing disco too Disco what disco duck like disco music you mean American disco music? Yeah, oh No, didn't we already go through that would smigmer radio with cheap channel? We already go through that phase and we got real hot for a couple of months Hey everybody wants here that again, and then after they heard it they if you know 8,000 times Okay, that's enough. We like the beat. He's been not that much. We like KC. He's not a battle queen, but at that much, right? So that's what they're playing. That's what they're playing American disco yeah on CS say M. A QA F A N A Holy crap. Well, I can get some of that out. I like that a summer Anyway, worse president and his major is WB267 71% hate him like poison Jimmy Carter 38 He felt that malaise through the country, you know, and now of course now that he's no longer present now all of his studies Running around the world. He's making peace over here. He's making peace over there. He's a piece of this piece of that I thought it was cute when he said, you know, he didn't invite he didn't invite Howard Dean The Georgia that was cute. I think they're kind of sealed his fate Bill Clinton 25. I don't understand those people have got to be no speaking glazed grub because eight years of prosperity Things were wonderful. He didn't kill too many people in close to my just enough. Well too many Richard Nixon 15 Hebert Hoover 10 Ulysses S Grant the drunken general 8 Ronnie Reagan seven and George Herbert Walker, Bush seven See he was you know kind of small potatoes very whiny wimpy Now no taxes that was here to him. He was a wimpy and why as opposed to a son who's really just them in See, I don't think most people had really strong feelings about Bush one Am I right? Yeah, he kind of passed on to the radar. Yeah, he was just saying yeah, you know a whim Just like his opponent just like Michael do caucus is the Democrats once again Here's the only man in America who probably could have outwim George Bush the first Herbert Walker Bush and that was Michael do Kaka house kitty doing Carlisle Now this facts I'll tell you one thing. What he said it is the holidays wait till you're this one from Mark Happy pass-off Two things I thought the reason for pass-off and Easter always being so close was due to the fact that Jesus was Hebrew in the time of his crux of occasion I'm not even sure if I can say that on the air. I think you might need crucifixion and Hebrews reselibrating pass over On another topic just look for thought not wait till you hear this see if you can figure this out If JFK meaning John Kerry wins wouldn't it be ironic that we'll now have another chance to fight another Vietnam But this time he'll be commander in chief so if you realize that Kerry was so anti-viet after his tour of duty where will he stand out that he's the commander? Do you understand that? No, I think what he's trying to say is that we're in a crime liar right now Just like we were in Vietnam and Kerry after his tour of duty over there spoke out very strongly against the war just like anybody else with the conscience and a brain did See all this crap about oh what he came back and he was one of those war protesters Well more power to him there were 58,000 kids came home and body bags Didn't learn our lesson Traject Then here's the stuttering girl who means well his pool. I don't I don't what to do about the presidential election If it comes down to Florida voters he's got four choices a lot of bushes army to invade Florida A lot of the SEC to bleep out all the Kerry's votes Don't allow the southeast part of the state to vote or none of the above. Oh, I'll start over kill. What while you're head yet? It will go to one last time kill. What your head? 560505050 Now this this is terrible this thing of your friend mode. Did you make this picture up? Oh my god, Gellie the muskrat from Hebrew is on top of Mozhead He then Moz Moz did do a go jet sting Wow, how are you for new governor of Iraq? People are really whacked out too much wine. I think with a monster and I haven't even really started yet Fine, let's go to a say there. What do you say you want to go to a say it? Are you going to a say there? I'm not no Please don't you don't need the no you don't need any more excuses for eating okay? Just like me Don't need any more excuses to be eating just stop eating. I think is a good idea Just take a nice deep breath of fresh air That's it. That's enough. Okay. Here's our next pool. Here's this pool for the rest of the show We got that we're gonna look nobody can blame us. Let's get this town with that for tomorrow. What do you say? Oh? What's up into a frenzy 50,000 plus screaming raving fan are gonna be there tomorrow? Because it's opening day. I still say I don't understand that baseball has successfully unlike any other sport There's no other sport you can name me We're opening day is got the significance that baseball has created in the minds of the public. It's a it's a state of mind thing That'd be correct. Yeah. It's a state of mind. Oh, but it this is a special way It's opening day, but there's on ridden 61 other games. Oh, but this is opening day. Yeah, it's spring again It's you know flowers are blooming time to go see the ballic symbolic example symbolic of one A new season You want to marry what about what about the first and let me ask you this. Yeah, which sport you think there's more interested in South Florida Just New Sample the NFL or baseball NFL right now the first dolphin game home game Is there anywhere near as much interest now for example in college they have the home coming thing But that's I don't that's just a silly other tradition, you know But in the NFL the opening game isn't the mean any different from one of the other games No, the first game of the season down here is pretty big you're wrong for the dolphins and in fact I'll tell you how wrong you are Last oh, do you got yourself into a by now man? Who did they play opening a home game last year Houston? He's been right which they lost by the way And if you recall they had I have the local team and they had the local affiliate buy up the last tickets because the game was gonna be blacked out And you know what I am? Right See just because I have the body of an elephant doesn't mean I don't have the mind of match That's because people don't go don't go to games down here anyways And what about all the other games that weren't blacked out? See they go to the games based on how many people who support the other team show up how many tickets the other team buys hockey games basketball games football games and baseball games like when the Yankees if the Yankees play here to meds Right, yeah, there you go red socks. Yeah So the fact that it was Houston the anxious Houston Texas a second year expansion team What did that say? That's why they weren't gonna sell it out In fact if you recall the first bills game went right down to the wire also almost wasn't sold out to Buffalo bills right The arch rival Buffalo bills they're not exciting So in other words, it's another another deal whether they're excuse yeah any time there's an excuse we won't show up. Well, that's why I'm taking the pool because it's the biggest excuse town anywhere And when they would Samson when the owner Jim and Rennluria when they say oh well That's nice you to offer to build a sustainable over there or give us the original, but that's not good enough No, how about over here now? That's not good enough either. What a bunch of morons man Anyway, let's see not a bit not a little bit zero teeny tiny bit not a that's my vote I'm just being honest with you. I'm not gonna be a phony and jump on a bandwagon 85 votes already just went up there for crying our love not at all not as 028 I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 24 and I'll let's kind of like you know like both of you That's what I voted right in the yellow go to few games because he gets a tickets free Yeah From me. Well, I'm glad I mentioned it. Do we have the tickets? May it What does that mean not yet the opening game is tomorrow right there? What is Ray Perry standing out on the street corner selling those tickets now is this another one of our revenue stream Just like that phony auction that QM head last week a shame on you people. I'm sure they're I just haven't been to the other 14 past 11 at five 60 W A listen that's how the bill He ought to be there right now with bells on Ray Perry. He ought to be walking and say here's Neil's tickets And here's the parking passes you've all of his stuff Miguel you handle it Hey, we've been telling you for years why if you're old mattress wears out like Miguel man He got into a system dollar mattress not came begin to tell you what he and his lovely bride are doing on it In fact, they made a baby on it Or do you make the baby on the old mattress combination That'll mattress backs up everything they say they're advertising a hundred percent but the competitors use lots of false incentive claims to make a long story Sure, they'll lie When you see a mattress and making outrageous things redefined print lots of lies waiting for you out there for example The ad's got a big headline. It says half off a guess what it only applies to limited selection by them That you'd never choose anyway everything else is full price and then they probably doubled the regular price first And it's supposed to seal merchandise and you'll probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like it either but At dialometrist the rides have no tiny print notice claimers when you call 1 800 mattress You'll see their prices are so low other stores have to offer half off sales just to be in a ballpark to compete See there it is again ballpark go to the seat of Marlins dialometrist got a no risk 30 day comfort exchange policy All beds including the one you buy don't forget when you call dialometrist at 1 800 mattress you're getting company ranked the best anywhere in overall customer satisfaction from candlestort Palm Beach to Ford Myers and dialometrist reminds you to read that fine print because they watch it Know what you're buying even if he decide not to buy from them. It just makes sense So what he waiting for we're doing what the lot of us at QA number been doing for years Pick up that phone to make that what easy call 1 800 mattress or log onto their website mattress dot com dialometrist 1 800 mA TTR ES the honest way the smart way to buy you a great new bed I'm just going to Fillings lay of the Florida Marlins. I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for 110 bucks Why that's less than five cents for an exciting game of baseball He would well buying these would you something like we got some players or cool names this season like these are sandwiches Joe friends to blau bad penny Ricky bones brother dot corniliations is the rose Ryan dumpster dot not Nothing else and be helper If you show up well, I guess I will too because if you do then I got to get up You're probably wondering how come mother was a couple of things did it here there when we came back We wondering that What was that Marines locked out for Lou john but I'll tell you are as useless as breast sorry my boy boy boyfriend wasn't here Ask me a question doing what stay out of there. Okay, Clare to Jack asked they out of there. We're doing a radio show here Disguise you doing two days today and tomorrow which quite frankly what you doing so far today I wouldn't get paid for and then we got Zector rest of the week who could only be a major improvement You don't say anything you just the what do you want them in too much other stuff Same to his life you ask this guy question like what what what was it Marines locked on Feluca US Marines that he closed all roads in or what what was he in there doing what did he want? He was asked me if I said some highlights to yes, Panerae or something more in other words more sports cramp Okay, when you're doing the neo-rod or should be slimdened to you don't have time for sports crab clearance get the hell out You're an impediment to my life to this radio show get the f out Clarens go away got as he piss me off when idiot man In fact before the show of beast was telling me about the stew gots Let's tell that story about how parents is still booking guests even those stew gots is working over there for fox Sports for the competition For 940 even always working for the other people Boy needs some guests your call up clearance. He'll happen get some guests here some phone numbers Here's some good guests for your show stew gots even though you're on a competition at Greg is being this pants about but are point five sure Pretty sad what goes on there man. It's really really sad Anyway US Marines today closed all roads into Feluca the satellite week slings of four US civilian contractors and the mutilation of their bodies Fire fights erupted as the Marines rated several houses sources said leading one Marine and five Iraqis did They're also our reports of clashes and bagged that in the job between coalition forces and she arts I thought the president told us the war was over back in May don't you remember that? I thought it was that was supposed to be the the conflict part of all this was all over and they were bringing us candy and flowers And we're gonna read children create this great democratic government and hand the keys to the kingdom back over to these people and Oxment shallob and he's not the butt of criminal and it was gonna be great. Everybody flew onto the carrier I sure do all dressed up and is a spiffy outfit This is a great pulse suggestion by the way the first one this person sin and was bad, but this one's good Maybe we'll do this tomorrow if you could abolish one government agency what would it be in the first one as list is the FCC I'm all for that man. It would be great if you tuned in late. We're not doing these stuff FCC thing For a Friday reason the vegeta want to repeat the whole story, but we're not gonna take anybody's money Anybody who did donate we thanked them in advance, but you won't be charged because they're elected in depositing the charges on the credit cards It said it would so on and Greg and the mad dog you get your checks back or whatever Yeah, we thanked them for their help, but it wasn't gonna happen It wasn't gonna happen where I'm not gonna get into a jackpot with some guy that wants to remain anonymous and is given us the solid advance Well, you know I got all these signatures a great you're just giving up You are such a putsman, you know something you're right. I am giving up that that is correct I'm not gonna argue with you about that. I'm giving up. Let me ask you this. Why should I be doing this? So what has the champion the cause but but someone who's got an audience? We know and we don't reach enough people we can't do it. I wouldn't mind being the catalyst That's what I tried to do see. I'm not even in the beginning even as optimistic as I was I'm not that stupid to think that I might have me on some stupid ass sports station with a crappy signal That I'm gonna like change the world But at least I wanted to be a catalyst We try to like spread this around a little bit whip up the signatures Hopefully get some people to call some of the talk show people around the country get them to promote it didn't happen Are they gonna participate? Oh, no, wasn't gonna happen Nobody cares I'm not gonna change your human nature. I'm done. I went through this thing 18 years ago We took out ads and radio and records at Billboard magazine all this crap and then the people in the business didn't care They just don't give a crap Take something right now I don't want to start mentioning names because we have a lot of people in the building who do help Whether it's our whether it's our charitable with the best stuff stuff every year that we do You know Hank always helps out big time in the mad dog and Greg read and screw in there. There's some people that are tough always never let us down Always come through But then there's some other people for example us since we just had that cartoon even even your good friend that mole myster when we did the best of this past time Let us use his Drop-ins for the key change right right because he's an animal lover a dog lover and it was a good cause. You know all that stuff Right But we have some other people in the building who are like in a they're in a vacuum They're in an island somewhere. They have nothing to do with his show They don't know from it and then that's that's fine. That's up to them I'm not gonna mention a names guilty. This is an example 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless law let's get let's get a thousand calls on between now and to what do you say? Okay You think oh no because I only took one at a first hour and a half here now and it's so that was the guy who said that Lincoln the free to slaves How much do you care about the marlins not at all zero not a 71 that's 41.2% and I appreciate the refreshing honesty I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 38 22.6% a little bit 39 and a lot I'm a huge fan honest 23 13.3% 172 So the bandwagon is still overloaded with those 50,000 plus people are gonna be there for Opening day tomorrow because it's a happening baby. It's a thing. It's a thing Opening day why near this is opening day for Christ say yeah, what does that mean? I mean I was a baseball fan since I was a little kid you know before you guys were born right long before you were born because I'm an old fart But I don't I never was able to understand that opening day. It's a holiday. So what happened with you in baseball? What happened with the means like a tired of pampered over put over played jox Wining and crying an addition to which as I became a little bit more mature as I got a life I realized that sitting there watching his crap or is it's boring now? Let me ask you an honest question Okay, how many baseball games on television forget about going to a game and having a couple of hot dogs and being there Where there haven't a few laughs how many games do you sit and watch from their first pitch to the last out? The whole way through I can't How many NFL games do you watch when you start watching you watch all the way to the end unless it's a blowout a lot more all of them if it's a good game. You like all the way to the end and beast Yeah, I'm run the sand pages me go. Yeah, so now what's the reason for that? It's different It's Ball A baseball game you're once you're at home. Okay, see when I was a child I used to listen to the games on a radio and it was my island and red barboring There was Bob Prince and Harry Kieran. He made it very exciting and all these guys get quinn on huh? You got boog now make it exciting And then we got the balance that out we got that stiff there Dave Ann Boy which everybody on the station for some reason Shills for I have no idea why just because he's got a bad hairpiece and lovely wife What is this story with that why do people stick a he is so poor that call that they played on the promos for the marlins It's a miracle they sold any season tickets The marlins win the world series that the world champions holy car, you know, I mean that was pathetic Now if the booster be under doing a whole game then I'd say now we're talking I saw a big piece of the paper very jackass everything on Tommy Hutton Tommy Hutton is good. He doesn't do the play by play on TV does the color. He's very good. Yeah. He's pretty good. Can we agree on that? And who's the guy that doesn't on TV? Do we even know his name? Yeah, Len Casper who? Len Casper Oh, you speak in Milwaukee. Is he friendly? Yeah, really nice guy 27 past 11 at five 60 WQM if you're a dead end job like the beast Who's just barely making enough to keep up the core can take every day if you're underpaid no for work Maybe like have yourself a new high-paying career, but you just don't have four years to waste on college or the cash it takes to go to college for four years if this sounds like your situation Then you ought to call our friends at fast train seriously even though it's a top record count call them at one 866 fast train because these people can have you train and certified for a great high-paying computer network professional career And they can do it in just four short months. That's true. You can be fully traded ready for that new career in just four short months time So let's see it's early April May June July August. Oh, you can do it by August by the end of the summer past right now for job placement assistance And financially the people who qualify If that's seven convenient floor location so there's bound to be one fairly close by where you live So if you'd like to change your life if you'd like to get yourself some skills Which will turn into a big career computer career and a big paycheck that goes along with it make that one easy call or really can do it for you call one 866 fast train you can be on your way to that great career Check them out in the web if you like a fast train I'll come and then when you do make the call be sure and tell them the Todd Drec To need to call they always get a big chuckle out of that call one 866 fast train My and local we're sports video 560s you a New as Oscar Yes, I really would rather have a human do it with all new human engineering That converts a boat of a car and zoo about a ride on Jorla Jojus Leonardo Pino with tail fins high enough to sell you across the lanes and into the sea as it floats One in your really rather have a few that But you don't have to get on your wings now Always was a far 33 you know it's interesting that the now show that was on the slice Friday that I talked about before the interview with Bill Morris Now you just the facts by the way Abies don't pass me those squiggly handwriting to the only reason he's sending in those facts as busy We realize doorage is on vacation Which meant came at immediately the one that's labeled a peat or whatever the name is this week Who's usually jury or a Ted or Tommy or Ada somebody else? Got it got it PBS pressure to cancel lawyers now Video channels Danny Schrechter writes from the digital independence conference in San Francisco whatever that is they did the DIC or we can't say that The Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy reports that PBS is under extreme pressure to cancel the Gilmourer's program now Oh, oh, unless we wake up to this and rally behind a program now will soon become then George W. Bush's name to make your Republican donors to the nine member board of the corporation public broadcasting including Cheryl Halpern is supports giving P.A. CPB board members the authority to intervene in program content and gay heart gains an ardent supporter of represented nude Who is how speaker 94 proposed cutting off editorial assistant to public TV contact your local PBS station to express support for bill more is now Says this a piece I do like that so again, you're trying to like stack the deck they want all right wing all day it for us up to them You get nothing but Fox news on your TV use 24 seven on every channel and you get nothing but cheap channel stations 24 seven including mostly rush And that crap Unbelievable don't forget the Lovely the kinky Natasha kinky what's the name kinky which beast or has nobody who that is I check your I know she is now He's a model. She's got fairly moderately I've seen it before and I she's old But anyway, she's behind a beating curtain that I'm really not sure why how much do you care Care about the marlins is what our pool, but it's opening day Neil don't be on our parade See See what you get exactly God's punishing me. I'm trochan am I soda went down the wrong tube 232 votes not at all zero not a not a bit 90 38.7 percent almost 40 percent we just don't care but a little bit 58 little a little bit like I watch a couple of things here You know I'll listen to Dave and boring until he puts me into a coma and back when we get the late night games when I'm Arlen's plan on west coast. It's always really great because you're free in some of the heck you can turn on your radio And just lie there and hear the dulce tones of Dave and boring and before you know you'll be in a deep coma How come you guys let him off the hook you rip everybody all set a station. What is he got naked pictures? No, I'm listening Why look at you're so not I can't deal with you. You are so freaking non-commit or when you're doing it for George You sit there you say nothing. I have to keep pleading off the air You're the biggest big mouth in that whole building am I right Miguel? I see the biggest big mouth the biggest Who are you look up if you look up uncontrollable yenta in the dictionary your picture is next to it Your big fat pussy but on the air. Oh, yeah, well come on spit it out. I'll have to I'll have to bet the world series call Not good. I'm not I'm not talking about the world series calm talking about is a broadcaster who's supposed to make the games exciting To simulate some interest in the team. I'll take food That wasn't my question I'm gonna sit here till I get an answer out of you. I'm gonna squeeze it out like I'm like a girl you're a human zip I'm gonna squeeze it out of your fat ass What's your honest opinion of they've been I don't even know what is real name a they've been horned they've had horned Yeah, I know what his name is what's your honest opinion my honest opinion? Yes, I But do you want me to spell that H O N E S T O P I N O N Opinion, okay, what's your honest opinion? senior Vatabexan And what's the reason for that? I just don't like a style which is Voring you just don't want to say it do you slow he is coma inducing He's about as exciting as listening to milk To paint dry As listening to milk curl Am I right Yes, you're right, but why did I have to squeeze it out of you why are you so reluctant you're not reluctant to the only other person you won't knock is The Gaki and that's because you suck up them for those UM games you do Even though you don't know that he's at least a gackie I mean, I don't know Dave and boy he might be a nice guy too. I have no idea No, David, David, this is not personal it's not personal it's not personal it's business, okay? That I was wrong with you Zagaki now for example, Mo, what do you think of most job on the dolphin games? Does it pretty decent job? decent job, decent job is supposed to like build them for who did you like better bills in for or a mohout do you know it bills over? Mark Vandermeir or mohout David Mark Vandermeir See see how easy that one yeah, you're thinking a very first yeah, say take it a very personal I think I think that there's something going on with David and or that if we I don't know about must be he does have a hot wife That well you're not getting any of it you're not getting anywhere near it night even get within sniffing distance from what I'm hearing Five six boy you are just impossible man if you would just if you would just let it out if you would Say the stuff on the ear that you say off the ear you might actually be somewhat entertaining You notice the qualifier there somewhat entertaining yeah WQM hello QM Yes, sir I'd like to add a awkward first for floor right your bolt All right, excellent WQM hello I know pretty good, you know I've listed it for a long time and you know I remember When you first started you know like the act inside I know came out the 70s stuff and it was dead And nobody was doing it you start talking about it and it was nationwide I mean eventually everybody started doing it the bulk of better stuff like that so just you know Be patient and I know what everything's gonna work out for you He patient was one well, I mean, you know because talking about people sending in money for the You know, yeah, I know it's just we it's done it's done What you couldn't it's done oh? You got the 30 grand? No, no, it's done. We're not gonna do it because we are gonna get the 30 grand We could keep a gold for the next 10 years. We're not gonna get the 30 grand and addition to which the guy that's doing We don't even know what his last name is. I'm not gonna raise money because I'm on his guy It wants to stay in a broom closet somewhere Oh, I'm sorry Like 15 minutes ago, so I didn't catch all that All right, you know, I love you. Okay, it's spelling. Oh, we're we dump that it's I'm not gonna do it You're giving up people like you said oh, gee you gave up you're through an hotel That's right, I did to and I gave it my best shot is not gonna have it I don't have the support it's not gonna happen We got many people even right there inside of building the sales people did they give any money? The most the people on the air except for one or two. Oh, no And by the way, here's a good example for him. We're doing this next break here I don't have the copy that I asked you for like two hours. I do not find him I forgot for just nowhere to be found I got the top of no park on the log right now. I have no copy whatsoever I know that tonight's the last brief forgetting dinner of the Season at Pompano Park and the Pompano Park is racing now all year round which is very exciting news the best harness racing You'll see anywhere in Florida because it's the only hardest racing in Florida but never less So tonight at Pompano Park if you buy a program for the night's racing card for two and a half bucks You get a coupon good for that free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor. What's not to like you get to play this spaghetti Get the mirror in your sauce you get rolls in butter and you get a big kiss from whoever's up there in the fourth floor I have no copy here, man You do it five no, and that's not the point where is Tricecraft or where's Steve Wolfe? What is happening is everybody on vacation? Is it like a Easter in the pace of she's just got all mighty man. It's really brutal It's really something. I feel like I'm been abandoned like a like a like a stepchild There is no one back there by the way the sales office Why is that there's no one is today Easter Monday? I guess I mean I know about good Friday at bad Friday And ask when's they What's offered must it's not pay it is not pays off. It's not pays off till sundown tonight, Mr. Jew They took up early. What's wrong with you God they took up every day's a holiday at QAM but anyway Pompano Park you know Sommel casting every day seven days a week you got your poker room starts at noon goes on to midnight every Libracing day, which is Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday and like I said the freeze forgetting in our Toppo Park tonight's the last one of the season that's what thick fine burgers threatening So if you want to go up there have a great time plunger guts out on a racing which starts at 705 Say how to fat rich and joy of free spaghetti dinner if you buy program tonight at Pompano Park and land a can power line be there and lose your guts The campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberton presidential campaign The olimodin the law he will say the amni Khmal Khusay Vagolo who is man Corrival Vimero Omey Exactly happy pace off 1145 whatever it is. Oh, but it was when they huh? Thanks. Can you keep track all of the year two holidays by the way? No Just the ones that involve food you don't know simcustor from from circus from Shivoy's Just the ones that involve food like Passover of course, which involves not very good food is matter of fact Although beast is probably in some pacidicic candy is the juicer and I'm even out sure why See we're two controlled man. We are two controlled by old tradition by old bullcraft Why do we just remove the shackles from our brains and our arms so why not do it beast okay? Okay, I want to just skip the say to tonight. I'm not going to one good I bet you we got some other juice net building run into say to tonight. Just this used to drink a lot of wine A little bit of moths a past the menish of it and what else do you then pay saw I forgot I'm gonna give you a fish you get the the muros and the the what the mow's The I thought he was dead horse radish horse radish on your gephilt of fish yeah, yeah, and Yet the whole sater play going with what's on it? The sater played boy you are a said man you've been hanging around the too long in that place Mr. sports policy's erect evidence may have been wrong. Oh my god Secretary of State role in coal and Powell conceded Friday Evidence he presented to the you win a two traitors in a rack were used for weapons and mass destruction may have been wrong. Oh my god He lied he was he was misled he was like down the garden path This is the same guy that said before he finally was coerced into reading that speech in front of the you win He threw the paper up in here and said I'm not gonna read this bullshit. Remember that You know, I'm a reherend about that. That's right. Has nothing to with ball games. I'm sorry. Yeah, of course not in an Airborne news conference on the way home from NATO talks and Brussels policy Have been given solid information about the trailers that he told a Secretary of Council in February 2003. We designed for making biological weapons and you know what that turned out to be it turned out to be a much a trailer trash Because now Paul says it appears not to be the case that it was solid that it was that solid. In other words And then happened He said he hoped the intelligence commission appointed by President Bush to investigate prewar intelligence on Iraq We're looking to these matters to see whether or not the intelligence agency had a basis for the confidence that they placed in the intelligence at that time It's like that your ringium that they bought a Niger, but they didn't at that time That was a be a lot of BS I mean all of these things that are going on right now and to think that we went through the impeachment proceedings based on Bubba getting a few B days, which can we say that? No a few Jays not another thing I said OJ Well you went through an impeachment process over there, but here we got this long I mean this long relish that's as long as you're arm All right, you're fat armpit there and Only John Dean says time to impeach this lying piece of crap right nice going John They don't have to fear that America will we'll turn in run right that's the problem we'll be there for next the 50 years It's worth it That's what the George would say if he was there. Yeah, how the marlins doing 300 and three votes how much new care about the marlins? We love our marlins They're just a bass. I come on let's go Duff out in the hallway during the break. Duff was all pumped up for opening day. Duff's in idiot because he said it's he said every team has a chance Stop as a pansy, okay, Duff is a spinalist winby pansy, okay forget about her She's small potatoes What's he gonna say you do think he's really a baseball fan? I think he is yeah, I think happened at word maybe And he's way off base How much you care about About the marlins 303 votes Detroit's ratified away company bring the copy in no no He's probably not even in the building. No, he's not if in fact anybody who's listening it just put this down as a radio accident because we're not really here today We're on a busman's holiday like everybody else for the juice last year. Goyish your holidays Don't tell me that it's because of the crucifixion and the savior that's bull crap It's all bigger what do we got you got all this crappy that ago out and buy you got a bite of manish of it's wine and the moths Which is nothing but it tastes like crash got no taste. Don't forget about butter on it. It's like eating cardboard, right? Porsche Borsched which is oh my god only old juicy that hard noil eggs. Oh Fat and then they go in they got the Easter candy and the Easter eggs and all the so it's for commerce Just like Christmas and Hanukkah go out and give some gifts every day see the the goyum They got their Christmas you give her Christmas gift but the juice out do them to show how much better business men We are we got a give a gift every single day of Hanukkah, right? Yep every day. What a better that way that's the idea to pump up business to find the Health and the answer's got anything to do with religion anymore. It's all it's all business Anyway, how much you care about the marlins not at all zero not a hundred eleven That's a correct answer by the way 36% a little bit 79 Of course I didn't say what little bit is I'm actually that open say a little bit like I might I might listen to what picture to especially if Boogs doing the game I'm a fan I'll go to a few games 75 and a lot. I'm a big fan honest 45 14 and a half percent love those marlins man. They love that Mike Lowell and Brad Penny and Francisco Arruka and those Jack McKee and then a whole bunch of go and they love mall Right I got a few names in there. Let's see a done trail to how we're done trail Who else don't say? AJ we're not AJ do we once got my name Miguel Cabrera Joshua Beckett see Mr. Marlottom Josh in there which we also got a Miguel So we got Josh Beckett and Miguel Cabrera. Huh? How do you like that you best friend Jeff? Co 9 Co 9 See that's the marlins for you right there in a nutshell. We don't have that all far to the I was they're opening day Who was the old Nakaball or Charlie Huff member there? Yeah opening day tomorrow Ons actually was a fan until I just decided how boring baseball wasn't about how greedy these guys are and I'm on payroll Got the 25 minute you're that at that point I said okay, that's it. I'm headed. Bye-bye. You're out American. No, I'm not I'm ready American more and more people would agree with me to be in fact both of you agree with me that baseball is boring You both agree with me You You play the tape back you both said that it's boring and it's like you can actually an entire you can rarely sit through an entire game That doesn't mean it's boring So why can't you say the he-be-gb's is that it? I mean the snow was waiting for and the table maybe you can smell the Kentucky fried the other room. What's the excuse Mr. There's so much time in between pitches you feel you can flip chairs so much time in between pitches which makes it Ballroom there's no barbecue. There's no beer. It's not sunny after you get to the ball back from the catcher And he stands there and now he's rubbing the ball. I mean can I still say that he's rubbing the Right and then maybe he's even rubbing his own yeah, maybe that too. That's why I'd like to watch him That's what she wants to see. Do you kid you're hockey the sports fan my ass okay? Put see that's another thing about the suck holes we got working on that station You got to you got to pretend to be that that's one thing I'll say for a little drawer, okay? Because he's a hard ass and usually when he's on vacation I represent but I'll stand up for a minus He doesn't care about sports. He's not gonna pretend that he does We would go back a girl. What is it? It's because he throws like a girl. Oh, you haven't confused with Duff now He doesn't care about sports and he's not gonna put on an act and pretend like Duff for example Or some of the other people in the building or not sports fans at all, but because it's part of this Greg read this mental illness that he has that he suffers from it So sad and so Greg is so mad on himself with these these Jocks nippers like screw in who wants the sniff OJs Jock strap from back and it was buffalo bills days. You know, oh, give me a good real old rancid one. You know That's what we got Gary Sarner He knows from you. Oh, sports nerd sports These people don't know from anything else. I mean their kids dying their rack every day bloodbats They're like moly these you all over again They're destroying their ripping the bodies apart the flesh. It's disgusting. They're hanging them from the bridges Zub club bloodbath going on over there and now they say oh, well, we need more troops Yeah, how many more? This sounds just like Vietnam all over again, man It has that same aroma of burning flesh Nasty and we got people in the building where Thomas was forced to be pumped up because it's Marlins open and they The Marlins can kiss my fat ass, okay? That's my opinion on that's my take All this begging and begging. Oh, you got to build a system. We already built Wayne a nice bigger way to their embrouder We got to a decent team. Oh, we got to play off team. Oh, do you realize beast at that team of both of you? Yeah that team has made the playoffs How many times in its existence Give me a quick answer. I'll say three more than two less than four that is absolutely And the big year when they won the well-arweight of the finals and got swept by Colorado That was the great year that was the only thing it kept the franchise in town and built Wayne that's arena He stepped into a bucket of stuff again like he always does Then it was the year that they played the Rangers and they lost in seven and then there was here They played they when they had the great team with Burai and Whitney and Melon Biel's guys and they got swept by New Jersey for straight So if the last 12 playoff games they've played and they've only played in the playoffs three times in the entire team existence They've won one in lost eleven Not an impressive record not something that should inspire people to continue paying those gigantic prices to come there See what I'm saying I fall in a heart girl. They say oh well this team needs some defense, but now they got the money They got the money to get the gonna spend the money. Remember how they were gonna spend the ten million dollars from a Pavel Burai Yeah, I was gonna say did they spend it? Oh, no Because they're loo they're drowning in a sea of red ink and I'm cool and you can keep making you can keep making up 40 attendance numbers All you want especially when Gary betmans in the crowd You're not fool on anybody. We have a choice for sighting. Yeah, well, what's his story? What's what's he doing? Is he busy concerning with screw-in again? He just stuck his head in now He's heading back to get the copy. I guess he stuck his head in where? Oh, don't even say it Not under the current conditions. I had a great line for that, but back in the day I would have said it Four minutes till noon at five 60 WM or we used to be very amusing now. We're just like kind of like I'm low cook Or I'm simmer. Okay, we're just simmering. So that's hot. Hey, if you're by a you need carrots. I'm a son of a pace-off to is that something? I hate that you like that. I like that. Yeah, I'll tell you what I do love is potato cool. Don't you? Oh Oh, man potato cool. That is the best. I potato pancakes. Yeah, no, let's see as potato pancakes now. Where's that? Hanukkah. I think you need those year round. No, no, but that come on when you quit being so go. Oh, Hanukkah. Yes, Hanukkah when you eat Hanukkah man. Yes, yeah with it Hey, listen, speaking of food and fat slabs like me in the base if you want the best tasting big selection of low car foods and head for a great store Called the lights of West Boca whether you're starting out or restarting the adkins the scatkins the sugarbusters the South Beach already Low carb sugar free died the lights of West Boca's always been the number one low carb store in the universe and for good reason because they got over 1200 low car products from which to choose including Bread and bagels cookies and crackers chips and brownies for audio brownie Hans topids carbolite ice cream Pasta sauces ketchup cheesecakes and so much more or cheesecakes are good by the way ever had they at conceescapes He left He left. Yeah, well, what does that mean he left? He's not sitting there no longer So don't forget if it's he is his useless seriously. He's as useless as a dingo berries If it's new and great tasting delights, I'll have it for a throw up on every day seven days away from ten to ten You can always try and think of the story for your bite They've got a friendly knowledgeable staff and they carry the most complete line of the atkins brands products around sale today all day every day even on Shavu Weasty lights a West Boca. They're on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 right next to prestigious Boston market column toll free at 1 877 low carb L.O.W C.A.R. V.R. on a web low carb.com Don't forget there's only one deal. It's a West Boca's your official atkins retail center Hello This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q 8 We're in serious freedom totally lost if I say couple of I am totally f***ed Don't forget you have one out of love because the SEC is from via f***ing I keep asking myself wondering how it goes to show their f***ing guys can say well they have a big disguise should just throw in the town the SEC is from my Michael Pound this is the s***ing of phone phone all the things are said now they can be said temperature is f***ing there the SEC what are there of this all the things are said now they can be said can't say can be f***ing and f***ing job is done Z.A.R.V.  like me to stick the shoe. Anyway, Miss Fudge says, three university-amurlin students are facing disciplinary action for shouting questions and comments of the vice president's wife Lin Cheney, washed in postes reporting it's today's editions. There was no open microphone at Cheney's February 2, and at the parents' guests had been told a submit questions for in writing. Instead, two of the students called out their questions, one on game marriage, the other on slave reparations. The third student loudly uttered a vulgarity in response to one of Cheney's answers. Two of the students said they've been accused of disorderly or disruptive conduct on a university policy design, a protective rights of speakers, from a shut-up off-stage or ground-out by contentious audience members. The students said that they weren't disrupting Cheney's speech, that were just asking questions. And in her cases drawn the scrutiny of civil liberties advocates who said the university's action and fringes on the students' right to free speech, what the university officials appeared to have done appears not only to be in violation of their own speech, but also the first amendment, what's that? The first amendment? Oh, says Susan Gearing, in no relation to Hermann Gearing, but spelled the same way. Executive Director of Maryland's ACOU. All of these guys were just speaking out of turn. Cheney's speech was a precise ban and CNN. Certainly not news. Is that something? Something. She had Muslims erupted by and by and by and by, and not job. And to me, they've got a search warrant out for they have big, much kea, hope it had. They've got a search warrant out for the big guy. The one that gave the order. They said, don't ever give an order like that again. Oh, speak it all in Cheney. A publisher is cancel plans to reshrew a racing novel by Lin Cheney, wife of vice president, Dick Cheney. After she said the book did not represent her best work. You didn't dump that now, did you? No. No. Don't you dump anything? In fact, in your case, maybe go take one. By the way, Josh's hair and Miguel's gone. Well, thank God for that. No, Miguel's okay. Miguel was good today for Cheney. Well, it's because you were so bad. You were pathetic. Now, you're going to put you up this last day. We only got two hours tomorrow. Try to save your amateur for 10 to noon tomorrow. Not after we're not by the ball games on. All right. We got the Marlins on deck at the 1245 Marba. The good news is we got real excitement. We got old penis phase. Joseph Gacky, new to 1245 with P.P. Park tomorrow to get the build build up for opening day. It's opening day. Don't you understand what that means, Neil? It's awesome. Why couldn't you save the day van horse stuff until Josh got here? Maybe Josh would like to comment about Dave and Bore. I don't have anything to say, I'm here. It's a good guy. I'm talking about his performance on the air as a baseball broadcast. You don't start all like this little simple and tough a crap. You've got sitting across from me now. What's your opinion on Dave and Bore as a broadcaster? He's been doing it a long time. No, not I don't need a chronology. I don't need a lesson. I was in Montreal doing the games on the internet for crying. I love nobody would even put him on the air. He's all right. It's fine. Now you're lying. What am I wearing? The lio meter has never exploded. The way it just did there like that. You're just lying to your teeth. Why are you doing that? I realize you're making 15 cents an hour. And I know this also you started to talk to your teeth lately. Are you trying to be? What's the guy's name? The Erica that does the heat games. What's his name? Eric Reed. Eric Reed. You try to like emulate him. I don't even know that is. What's your talk and through your teeth now? Who that is is who he knows what he's been beastly talking through his teeth. He must be a broadcaster. I start to do his teeth. Don't do that. Welcome to the QM School of Broadcasting Live on Air folk. Oh, right. We're trying to butcher the beast up a little bit. I'm as well try and him. It didn't work on Duffer Clarence. Anyways, we have a Lynn Channey and her Dijk novels. New American Library, an imprint of Penguin Group, was going to reprint sisters. A historical romance published in 81 that includes brothels, attempted rapes and a lesbian love affair. Oh my God. We felt interest was growing because it was an election here. We decided it could be a timely books at Liz Pearl Executive Director of Publicity at New American Library. She told the AP on Friday, Library. And of course Dijk's are in now. The current of Cheney's attorney Robert Barnech, he did not even know about the reissued to receiving calls last week from the media. Barnech then caught in the contact in the publisher, which agreed this week to pull the novel. I told him she didn't take the book was her best works at Barnech who represents numerous political leaders including Bubba and Hillary. If there's a series demand for this 25-year-old book, I'm confident America's youth bookstores will be able to satisfy Barnech said. I didn't like that. She doesn't want the book coming back out again because it's an election year and she wrote a bunch of Dijk stuff in there and she's got a daughter that's a Dijk. There has been a fricking liar who said a couple of years ago back in 2000 during the campaign, he thinks people ought to be able to marry whoever they want to marry and the Yatiya and again, and get involved in any kind of relationships they want because he's got a Dijk daughter. But now that El Presidente is chandling hysterically to the religious right to the bigotry of America, well now Dijk Cheney says he'll support that constitutional amendment after all. So that's why Lin Cheney is trying to cover up her Dijk novel from 23 years ago. But quite frankly, Dijk's weren't anywhere near as much in as they are right now. Were they? No. How do you like that? I like that. Fascism man, you can hear them boots. At least there's a little bit of the pressure really now that Miguel got out of there with that whole exile thing. Wow, it's so sad. He's really a good guy, but he doesn't have any ability. He is the classic example of a brainwashed human being right there. Am I right? Yeah. That's all he knows. That's all he knows, the beginning, the end, everything in the middle is speed del, speed del, speed del to hell with the del Castro de Est Castro de la Comunista. And that's it. Common hysterames with the Tista. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and rise in wireless line. Last time I checked by the way, but Tista was a fascist. It wasn't a leftist. He was a fascist. Like we've got it in Washington right now. Just kind of leza a police a condolesa. And you're like that story about the fact that they forced her to testify that they headed the 9-loving commission was going to put those pictures out in the spread of on every front page of a newspaper. How about that? Yeah. All of a sudden, well, guess what we decided would be a good idea to have condolesa testify publicly. We decided it would be really good. We're not there's precedents now. Mm-hmm. WQM, hello. QAM. Nobody there online for. Pretty sad response here, man. We're trying to get everybody whipped up about that Marlon game tomorrow about opening day and about Dave Ann Boring. What a great job he does and was Marlon game. 560, 0560. He's the Teflon broadcast. Do that must be it with him. Is there something I'm missing here? Because anybody else they just ripped them in ass. They have no compulsion. They're no problem at all. Just ripped ripped ripped. But with this guy, it's like, oh no, you're wrong. He's an excellent broadcaster. Even rumors said that. Because I think Dave Van Boring's got naked pictures of Rimmer from his days of Montreal doing the Canadian games. I think he's got naked pictures of Rimmer and a moose. WQM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I just want to say something. I've been calling for 50 minutes now. Okay. This is my 42nd phone call because I've counted them. Right. For the phone rings 30 to 40 times and you get this continued. But third man. Right. Exactly. What each phone calls and you're in finally somebody picks up the phone. Well, but when somebody picks up the phone, you run here right now. We don't we're doing screenless man. You better get with it. You're living in the phone. You're living in the phone. You're living in the phone calls. Yeah. All right. Well, now that you're on, what do you want to tell me? Oh, Neil. I'm sorry. I thought I didn't realize this was you. Wait, underage, you're going to bitch out the Josh there. If you're on the phone, I'm just going to kick him. I'm going to kick him. Oh, the distance is in the hour and you're going to bitch him out because you didn't get your phone up. It's very, very nice. Come on. Hey, man. Be nice to date. All right. I'm going to pretend you're not in South Florida. Be nice person today. All right. I take it back. I'm going to be one of the few guys who's going to rip your body book. Good. Go ahead. Oh, boy. I mean, he is the most. Listen, you can say whatever you want. This is America, man. Until I have a bucket. You can say whatever you want. Okay. He is the most vanilla. Tim. I mean, Vince, go. Tim McCorme, want to be. I mean, I mean, I'm not going to be a girl. He's a girl. He's a girl. And he goes. And Sandy cofacts has just picked a perfect day in Wally, wow. He's a good. He's a good boy. The booze a lot more animated than Vince Schulley. Come on. Well, what do you mean? I mean, I, if I hear he cuts and misses and is not the bottom of the second. It's the bottom half of getting number 2. Oh, yes. And if the call is I, I don't really know because that's not listening to the Marlin game. I mean, I hear the clips that we play. And I think it's unbelievable. And it's, I hope you, of course, you're going to contract with the Mallons. What he gets paid by the word. Well, let me, let me get a million here. And what about Dave Van Boring? What about you think about him? I don't, no, I like Len Casper. And I'm going to ask him about. See, here's another thing. I don't listen to it on the radio. I don't, you know, Dave Van Boring doesn't bother me. And you don't listen to it on the radio. Then how do you know that booze? I've heard him. I've heard him. He doesn't bother me. I've heard him. Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Nice job there. Josh, you let him call 42 times before I picked up the phone because he knew that I was going to rip our good friend book. He was a little not to like boo, but first, see, I don't understand it. He doesn't like boo. But when I ask him about Dave Van Boring, see, he does listen to the games on a radio. There's something going on here, man. I'm, I'm not really. There is something going that I'm not getting to. I think when we finish with the 9-11 investigation and when we finish investigating the FCC, we need to investigate the Dave Van Boring. The Dave Van Boring factor, you know, there's something. He must have, they could purchase everybody in town. He's got to have. I want to see. Wow. It's a 1213 at 560 WQM. You know what to deal is? It's so cold here that actually have my clothes on today. This is the first time I've done my show, not sitting in my underwear in a long time. And I feel much better this way. I'm going to have my clothes on every day. I feel like I'm really at work, you know. I suppose to sit and round my underwear. And it's disgusting, right? I'm in my underwear here. And you might as well be. Anyway, if you're in a dead end job, like both the people sitting in that studio right now, if you're underpaid and overworked, how many do you like to change that? How do you like to get yourself a new high-paying career, but you don't have four years to waste on college, and certainly don't have the tuition cost, which is an arming for legs. If this sounds like your situation, and we want you to call our friends at Fast Train because these people honestly and truly can have you trained and certified for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career in the best part of the whole deal is they can do it in just four short months. That's true. You can be fully trained already for that new career in just four easy short months it's a piece of cake. Fast train offers day evening, we can classes to fit around your schedule. They offer job placement assistance and financially to people who qualify to. Seven convenience offload of locations, so what's not to like this, but to be one nearby where you live. So don't delay. If you really want to turn your life around, change it and get yourself a real career in a big fat paycheck that goes along with having those skills. Just make that one easy call or really could be the call to changes your life entirely. Back about on the web at Fast Train.com and then pick up your instrument and call 1-866. Fast train. Don't delay. Call them today. 1-866. Fast train. Fast train. Black allows the watch, boobs and butts and biking. Oh my god. Slow down. I've got the hide, plastic bag, can't let him see I'm smoking to be But I'm smoking to be Hello officer did I turn wrong, though that's definitely not my fun Ain't there some way you can set me free? All I was doing was smoking to be I'm smoking to be I've got lots of records but not with a police I'm high as a kite and I've got them on cheese, let's go to Dunkin' Don't I'm so sick and we please That's what you get smoking to be But I'm smoking to be Come and see the five 60 WQAM, 422 votes we got another category that is the pool Josh now that you're there What are we going to handle it? Yeah I got it, what are you got? I'll tell you one thing when you people are really a little on me person, I can't decide it Yeah I can handle it, what are you got? I'm a baseball fan but not a Marlins fan See this is a whole different dimension of this question Right, in other words there might be people who are like Yankee fans, God forbid or Red Sox fans beast Yeah why don't you admit it, you're Red Sox fan, you don't care about the Marlins I like the Marlins but I like the Red Sox fan You like the Marlins? No conflict, they're in less than a Marlins fan And if the Marlins played the Red Sox in the World series, I'd root for the Red Sox Okay, well it's just like me in the Leafs, I'm a Panther fan But I'm much much much much more of a Leafs fan And if Leafs in the Panther is a plan to play off, if the Panthers ever make the playoffs, which I doubt But if that happened to be I'd certainly be like when Leafs played in the regular season No, we see you in that Leafs jacket, they'll go to them real happy for it Leafs number 4 seeding the conference, doing just fine, thank you One of the last two games with shout outs, nice going Eddie, shut an out buffalo, two Nothing right there in Buffalo and then whipping those, you want to think about auto I don't want to get hockey intensive, have you noticed when it gets to the when it gets to be crunch time when it's the big game Auto folds up like an accordion, have you noticed that? Yeah, they really suck And anyway, I hate to break the bad news to be you realize you have to play in the first round of the playoffs, your Bruins, Marrell Which they have a long sad history of the Montreal of kicking through a Zassan play on I know he's expected to And watch out for that Josie theater man, she is really tough How much you care about the Marlins? We're adding on on a baseball fan, but not a Marlins fan, however you want to put that on there Well, well way to get the new one on there, I should have done that in the beginning Because I'm sure that we have other people who are, you know, they're excited about the Cub's fans Right, the Braves fans like Moe That's a little bit intense to be a Marlins fan, but see I don't understand how you can be a fan of two teams in the same division That makes those sense I mean, how can you be a Braves fan and a Marlins fan and say, well, I'd run for the Marlins and set one there playing the Braves Well, they're competing with each other in the division Well, he's a jet set a dolphin fan No, he's not he's a jet fan Oh, right, his whole as whole family were his jet's paraphernalated the dolphin game and people hate them for that And rightfully so Disgraceful I mean, cut the abilico cord with you, Moe You are so full All the crap you could unwrap Now we know that 560560 On the 1810 Parisma with a 10 Kennedy on Larry King that I'm a King monster I just mentioned that Don't you just love 10 Kennedy, well, you want to be a Vine from Boston? I voted for him There you go Uncle Teddy Well, he's so liberal, yeah, he's the one liberal who isn't ashamed, you know, the right wingers have made the word liberal a dirty word over the last many years 10 Kennedy is the one liberal is not afraid to say it It's right He's going to kick some ass on Larry fact I'd like to see him kick Larry's ass tonight Just start stabbing his suspenders Debbie fun WDQA and hello QAM Not there 560560 Pound 560 on the I guess all the enthusiasm about this Marlon thing is all gone And they won't they won't come at about Dave VanBork Because they probably don't even know who he is He's he's like a non-descript You know what I mean? He's like a non-descript Now when Jo Angel was doing a game You know who Jo Angel was because he's got his own free Just think to stop Sure, brothers are in the win column Dave will Brian, Dave will Brian to me And I'm so glad to see that he's like basically vanished You know he does the ESPN stuff he here once in a blue moon Because there's a guy that was so arrogant, that's such a big ego And then he got into squeeze out Jo Angel and fire his ass And then he he high tells it off the ESPN After they fire Jo Angel to make him the big superstar for the Marlon Broadcasting And he leaves and goes to ESPN He's a you know he reminds me of he's a cookie cutter announcer He's generic it's just like the stadiums that they built the three rivers and riverfront Either they once and all look the same that that's him the cookie cutter announces They all sound the same it is high and outside of all Second all those has a graduate from Syracuse They're like programmed like Bob Costa's like a guilty Here's line 9 QAM hello What was it what do you mumble never mind? That was him though that was the nut shop WQM hello I want to WQM hello Yeah WKM Yes sir Yes to me I was looking for a thumbs idea I'm not everyone I'm not everyone if you can delete the organs you know like liver heart longs Yeah we got no organ you can donate I think you just did I think he just did he gave his ass to the world right there on the farm If you could donate an organ which one it be Rectome and a peace case man what a donation man kind that would be They would honor you by the pound 5 6 7 over and let's see what this fact here it says your pull is not a fair representation People like sports and I listening to you well and I just not interesting Marlon says people like sports and I listen to you Neither were they participating in your pull Well what's your story Marlon how come you're listening mr. Sports nerd Must have been a radio answer it again you're sure without a sports show to which I say thank God Thank God for that If there's anything worse than a sports talk show man I can't think of what it is maybe terminal maybe terminal cancer but I'm not sure it's a close battle Could you just do it once just a sports show? No no no Now Clarice must be feeding your lines again And always feeding you something Sports Okay, let's see no how much you care about the Marlins and You know something see this isn't a fair representation. This is a representative representation of the general public. That's the idea If you ask the sports nerd question, it's like it would be like asking a bunch of people who are on a website that's all about the Britney Spears Okay, well, do you like Britney Spears? See yeah, or does that make any sense to you? No, of course not How much you care about the Marlins not at all zero not a hundred and forty nine or subludes? Aren't you excited about the blue date? For SNFHG, no only on Rogers digital cave. She even got my own digital cable deal. We're on up here. Not at all zero 149. That's a third a hundred that's 33.1 percent Of this audience you turn a little bit 117. I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 115 a lot. I'm a huge fan on his 66. We believe you 14 and a half percent and I'm a baseball fan But on a Marlins fan only three so far. Now that's just went up there, but that's not like a whole lot Now maybe some of those other people might have voted that if it wouldn't have been for Josh coming in late. See if Joshua would have come in on time He would have thought of that said, you know, you didn't put it on there fat, so he didn't put this on it But Josh was busy his apartment was burning down or something like that. Yeah, something like that. What was it? I had to get the rent in. You had to pay your rent? Yeah, basically. Well, you do that in person Today is the fifth so I had to drop it off at his house. Yeah. Oh my god. What a schlepper man. Why didn't you tell George before he left for vacation? You need to take care of it for you? Five six seven. Oh, but now what is this that you just dissent me here? This looks better than excellent check it out three days and two nights What is this? Is this an an or this is an an I just got on my fact. I said. You what? I didn't set it to you. No, it's an ad that I just got a fabulous minivan case in calling would just 90 minutes north of Toronto and heart of Ontario's four season vacation Wonderland sounds pretty good. These ads you get on the fact they just won't leave you alone no matter where you are. I'm actually even in prison. They probably have like you can't make phone calls from yourself, but they'll make an exception if it's a solicitor, you know Five six seven. Oh five sixty. We got the mad dog at two we got Joe's a gacky it for for which we apologize profusely in advance for the Hebrew hammer Who's doing a final four crap? Joe will be a chualestate to my me lakes Seven o'clock in suracle in hotline. Have you participate in that who does that show Joe's doing it today? I do it sometimes you really do the show Yeah, well, I hope you're more animated than that show than you are today for the big I'll hit a clock any k10 and then overnight we just sign off Russia's a junkie head Oh, that was pretty strong Medication Like always Russia's a junkie head You're good Oh, I was in a gation Or my back here I shut the gation I can't even escape I don't know where it is Russia's a junkie Russia's a junkie Oh, what the fuck was that? Oh, what the fuck was that? The fuck was that? It brings me down It looks a whole lot better than millions of movies I've got to hide that I would flow Still rehab at least one totally We're inny Of Russia's a junkie Russia's a junkie I'm off, I'm off, I'm off, I'm off I'm off, I'm off, I'm off All right 33 and speaking to that Speaking to that, Rars Limbaugh may be a flash-plot of inflamed opinion in rhetoric, but it's the dry 20-minute quarter appearances attorney will make this week that matters most. Limbaugh's attorney Roy Black will argue Wednesday before the fourth district court of appeals in West Palm Beach that Limbaugh's medical records were seized illegally and should be returned to him. The appellate's courts ruling could be an end to a possible criminal case against Limbaugh or a beginning. Oh, right! Without Limbaugh's medical records, prosecutors may have nothing to base their prescription drug investigation on, with them, they will may have. Limbaugh 53, why has been charged with a crime yet is being investigated by the state attorneys or a office allegation to the doctor's shopping, which is dupping a practitioner in the giving overlapping prescriptions. The crime is a felony implored, otherwise we're early prosecuted. Limbaugh and Black, and on something that would be, uh, when we already done that poll, I think we did a few days ago. And then we bought, who would you rather see in jail? Mark the Stewart. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we did that. Yeah. See, thank God for Josh keeping a little bit of trash. At least he listens to the show, not that he wants to, but at least he's a gutter because he's a captive audience. Unlike the sports nerds that we have on a station, who are busy sending feeds over the stew gods at the competition at WRFX. Nice going, or clearance, you idiot. You see, if I don't want to get anybody in trouble, but if it's me, and I find out that my program director is feeding the competition context of the news stories on here, I fire or is that that day? No questions, I fired. No, I mean. Yeah, OUT out. Is he out again the beast? I'm right here. Oh, that sounded like Josh to me. I can't really tell you. You start a sound alike, which is not a good sign. You're not feeding him extra food now, or you know us fat people, we like to make it not important that you lose weight, but they make everybody else fat. That really is the secret like fat rich. It's the same thing with all the fat people I know, including me. It's not important that you lose weight, but that you make everybody all fatter than you are, which in that case, please do better get several lunches ordered for him. How much do you care about the Marlins opening day tomorrow, man? It's a special day in America. Opening day, you can smell the leather. Can't you? Yeah. Now, what bars that were you smelling the leather? Not at all, zero, not a 162 probably the stable mastery in Amsterdam. You're probably going to some of them. Parties. Not at all, zero. 162. Why can't you see the beast in Amsterdam? And you would just go nuts there. Have you ever been there? No. Oh. If ever there was a person that I know that it's their kind of town, that's perfect for you. Why? You want sex? Pay for it. You want weed? I mean, it's all over the place. It's just your kind of place. Okay? There's a lot of strange people are a little bit hundred hundred twenty seven, a little bit about the Marlins. A little teeny tiny like maybe an off-blast no one or two pitches. That's it. I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games hundred twenty four. That's a good sign. We need your money for that new stadium now. A lot. I'm a huge fan on a 76 all the way up to 15.3%. We love the Marlins. We're all fired up. That's right. And I'm a baseball fan but not a Marlins fan only five. I've almost five hundred four ninety four only five people are baseball fans like the Cubs, the Braves, the Metz, the Jankies, the Tigers. I'll be likes the Tigers. Now see there's a good example. See they built a new stadium? Yeah. Detroit? No one goes. Anybody going there? No. They wouldn't any games? No. No. I mean, Marlins, yeah, they won the World Series twice in what? Uh, 70 in six years? twice in seven years? 97 in seven seasons. Right. Right. Pretty good. If you ask me, pretty outstanding. Right. The only problem is nobody really cared when you saw people looking for refunds that after that big ticket tape parade in downtown Miami when people were trying to get refunds for the Marlin caps and merchandise. That was not a really good sign. You know, that wasn't a real competence booster in terms of how solid the support is. 560, 050, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlins line it's a screenless money because every day screenless on a show. Not much action there though. You see that? That's because they're all getting a cause it's a holiday week. I'll be honest. We're actually doing a little better than the half. I thought we would this. Why don't I take this week vacation here? We're much luck. Go to the right thing. Huh? Take this week vacation. There's no one around. Okay. I'll start right now. Bye. 560, 050, 5060, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Hugh A. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good. Good. I got a future poll for you if you want to hear it and I got a couple people on the list that I want to propose to you. The poll is which of the following on the list despises No hour David the most. I got about. Oh, that's a little crappy. They're the mob pools. They're so it's an interesting story. And I don't want to pee on your parade, but it's just it's old stuff. Why you just I would like to know what the audience thinks more and anything. Okay, all right. You know Joe Rose or you or keeping guilty because I don't think guilty likes to me either. Hey, some. And so I I you don't leave off the beast or me, you know, put me on the list too. Okay. Josh and Miami. Thank you. Okay. Thanks Josh. That's not a bad idea. We I guess we did the long time ago. We might bring that back because he's kind of like fading into the world. Absolutely. Like furniture, you know, refurbishes image. The polish up that must red and bring it back and show them out to the world. Look, look, what we got. We got Howard in the morning. You want Howard in the morning? No. Not that one. That one these days. What do you think? We definitely put the beast on her because the beast hates him probably about as much as anybody ever meant my life. I mean, I mean, I'm not just a regular ordinary hateful with a and intense hatred so deep that wouldn't surprise me if he's occasionally tended to do something rash and violent like stabbed a muskrad or you know something like that. I would like to pull it off us head though. And the muskrad too. We've often talked about that. Have you really? Yeah. Now, let me give you a little I don't want to make the audience think that I'm giving you pointers on how to give some of your nervous breakdown. But many years ago Jerry Wichner, do you hear the hear the name? Yeah. Jerry Wichner used to do overnight send W to use back in the day when I was doing eight to midnight. Jerry did midnight to six. He was one of the most red and he bigoted Yahoo real red neck. And Wichner used to be this lucky WYNZ back in the day when it was like a real radio station before they run cheap jail wounded. And he was very popular DJ and he would go out and do record hops and stuff like that. So he went out and had some high school or somewhere did a record hop and the kids haven't only got on the, it didn't take a genius to figure it out because it was even a worse piece than what motorways. It was like multicolored. I used to call it his comedian hairpiece. It changed colored. And so they ran up in a they stole a right off his head. Well, the rumor is and again, I wasn't there because it's so long before I came to town, but rumors that he just they're lost it. He just the kind of disappeared for a while and had a calm down before it came back. Good thing that was before Jerry got all on pieces. He used to walk around with. I just came up the Ho Chi Minh highway. Oh, he was he was something. He was if you can't ask me who is the most bigoted person you've ever known in your life. I think it might have been an old Jerry. We're sure he's dead now so we can say that we just got some new lovely t-shirts. Did we and how much you have to pay for them that we can't t-shirts now. We're going to be auctioning these off on the Beesley broadcast for profit the website. What what's our D for? For the Beesley charity and the revenue stream. In fact, we understand that the reason that we don't have the baseball tickets in there yet is because rate periods auctioning off Marlon tickets. Probably my tickets and Norma kids tickets on the corner of 441 and I was jury road and the four. Oh, yeah, four hundred and county line road. Right up here with the homeless voice people are. That is so sad. Where am I Marlon tickets Ray? In quarry mines would like to know opening a day as tomorrow last time I checked probably I got some people that would like to go on opening day. I would think. Sure since it's a tough ticket again. I got those great seats. I would have some people I know who would like to go to that game tomorrow. Ray Perry get with it, okay? What does he do there, Ray Perry? I'll let him give the tickets out. Does he do anything? He's our go between between the teams and the station. Yeah. He's kind of like the middlemaston from my O.D. Do a he's the imp. He's the sports pimple. 19 to one is for Miguel says he has your tickets Miguel's got the tickets. All right. Oh, and he's probably leaving through their furiously and frankly for him right now. That's how he can do it. How are you told him go ahead and the leaf through and then Josh probably wants a few two. Sure. Now to beat the beast. I'm sure you get your own tickets. So sure. I have a press pass and I'll get tickets for what do you need tickets for if you got a press pass. I want to take the girlfriend. You get you get to have now with all the big shots up there. You get to have now with the booster and with the lend Casper your good friend David boring. How about that's why the beast won't rip David and boring because you got a face him up there, right? Not not exactly Josh does Josh does what Josh works with them every day. Well, that's why that's why why didn't you tell me that before you put him on a spot and you had to make him say what a boring third burger he is that was bad Speaking of boring third burgers if your carp is looking a little on that side like not too good these days. Here's the answer If you want to get him really brand spanking new looking called dry concepts because they're the best in the world of bringing the life back into your carpeting Even old carpets it looked like like hopeless like you better spend a money to get brand new carpeting Tell I'm telling you right now. Don't do it Because when you call dry concepts for the first time they'll amaze you it just the job they can do a dry cleaning those nasty Stained old carpets and make them look in smell and feel just like brand new that's right They leave your carpets vibrant and color soft to the touch they smell them any fresh they're drying a couple of hours and you look around and say this is like a Wizard came into my home and performed a miracle right in my flow and Don't forget when you call dry concepts to give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job And when you make that phone call ask them to put you understand by list Which will save you next to 15% off the already unbeatable price on their unbeatable Carpiply and jobs. What do it's your drapery your area rugs or your carpeting these are the folks you want to call trust me I've used them for over 20 years in my homes. I wouldn't dream of calling anybody else column today. They won't let you down call 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 or check them out on the web if you like a dry concepts calm nobody comes even close They say he has great hands. I know exactly what they mean So we go Well one one pitch inside bowl 2 watch Harris at the plate This is wood notice his time a squeeze and stiff and bursting upon his trouser scene. Okay. I don't think we're gonna be playing anymore that one Wow 275 60 WQA and why is it excited about opening day? What do you want? 543 votes at our poll so far man. You see I'm a Patriot fans so obviously I met a dolphin fans some bad guy in that I'm a least fan and I'd like to panters do but let's face it. It's a lost cause they stink And I don't like the marlins because I don't care about baseball So I'm just a bad guy and I don't care about the NBA because I'm you know I'm out of some foot sports here So I don't care Makes me a bad guy. I guess right. Yep. I'm American good the Aniston anti sports 543 how much you care about the marlins not at all zero not a as a not a bit 172 but that number's going down 31.6 percent I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 142 a little bit 138 a lot. I'm a huge fan honest believe me 82 15.1 percent and I'm a baseball fan But not a Marlins fan nine votes. Yeah, the guy that's taxed him was give me a son of the answer Well, the sports people are listening right now That's the point some of them are in some of them are not we have a more perversion diverse audience Then just people don't want to hear people talking about the same crap nonstop day after day after day Oh, this was got a great arm and this one this four 14 year old kid is playing at Piper high He's gonna be really a great one at Alphins draft him in the 83rd round and by the way today is April 5 You know what's come up in not to this in future? Draft isn't that it's always on a Saturday, right? Yeah, it's like So the 175 think right now. I think it's a Saturday after that The 20 year fourth correct. Thanks. Oh, yeah, that's pretty late I think because it's usually around the 15th of April so we have to wait all the 24th of April for the NFL draft How to help we gonna stay on here until then that's 19 more days We're gonna have to have a lot more interviews with some of them dolphin players on their like Joe had this morning Wow, that is Jason Taylor man. You had his calendar out it was great Course the only problem is on radio. You can't see the calendar but fantastic 560 there's another guy by the way never give a dime to anything I ever promoted any of our causes Joe Rose not on not a penny Then morning crew yody, default Joe Rose Never ever helped us out with nothing especially guilty that little weasel kept his job form well because go the coldest sheep Are you is that like a ethnic comment that you're making oh in serious Yeah, like the other day and you just tell me like because we all bring cereal in I get a little bowl with milk You don't you don't bring cereal in in a little bowl with milk. Okay. You might bring it in a van with it When when the beast brings in cereal, it brings in a vet with his own cow You said that he won't buy cereal unless it's like the generic kind that you can get for like 40 cents a box Yeah If you had any idea how much that kid is pulling down in that place you would cry you would openly weep on here right now Plus he wants to gig with a panther games. I don't want to know When I'm hearing is that they're gonna offer him to job, but you know how many bucks a game Not too much not any big bucks guilty is the room and that's going around the panther organization So don't get all whipped up and carry the way nobody have it anymore kids for crying out lies already got two kids Yeah See I don't understand this deal of slippers making babies I mean George that was an accident and he got tricked into it That was a very unfortunate very sad on her part bad evil But like guilty there's a schlepper he could get canned tomorrow with a squeaky voice like that Right right and especially working I mean you talk about insecure Absolutely working right at grumpy old man all he's got to do is look at him cross-eyed or make some comment about that piece as a matter of fact What's that thing Then we have That that I want to resurrect all the most up. What would you there? I'm sure you'd love it What's the thing where the guy calls about the oh here it is? I know what it is The doctor that performed the surgery on James C. Lestum didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay The doctor who performed the surgery What's his name? I don't know where he was he used George call well. I'm not sure I'm not sure where you're in I'm not sure where you went see Moistol because at that time he didn't understand how the dump did lay work So he's thinking that if he just talks slowly enough installs around enough that it'll just kind of like go away Which they of course made Robert dump it But in the meantime we have the pre delays so we had a chance to hear the thing in its entirety It was a beautiful thing the thing I like the best is when gully lets a little like that was Fetler because he couldn't keep a straight face at that point I bet you you don't realize how close gully can to lose in that position right there You think because when you stare laughing at Moistol's Muscrap man and then your your really messing with sacred ground You don't monkey around with his Muscrap absolutely 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line as a matter of fact I'll tell you how much the Marlin crowd hates this show is last year when they had the big ticker tape or eight You know when they won a world serious right and I go on here than I that day when I had the parade and I'm saying Okay, I'm sure we're gonna get some people calling and who are in that parade They're gonna give us a report and a spy report and it was nothing and then boom called it and of course all we could It was you know all kinds of noise in the back and he was back that by you know and so we blew him off couple of times Which he thanked me profusely for by the way WQAM hello Okay, well, I well, thanks a lot, Valley 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line That's the guy sent the facts You know I didn't know that that's definitely the guy said the facts. I'm not I'm no fool. I wouldn't burn yesterday WQAM our last call hello. Hey Neil I just gotta say that they've lost it pretty much golf with deep end and another thing Let's get real into go about this election and let's like the game president in 2004 Okay, well, we'll vote for you then 560 560 pound 560. Oh, and let me ask you this water Charlie Chris that caller and the mark fully having common Just think about it don't answer the question yet. You know the Florida 30 general Charlie Chris Where's it Christ? Nobody QA hello Grace Neil yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. More requests for you Would you my stop racking on Jerry Weights or he's more broadcasts than you'll ever be probably I'm an Oliver me he's more deader than I am to there There you go. I just want to Jerry's people all I did is make a little joke about Jerry's headpea. I'm right headpiece And the fact that he was a real redneck. Yeah, that's not love with a breadneckie guy. I'm more of a broadcasting I remember he was one of the worst broadcasts. I used the term broadcasts are loosely Just came up the whole chie-mad trail. Hi Jerry. This is Chubby Chekin and that could have been some of the worst radio in a history of the human race Okay Jerry which near my ass all these old ladies calling oh hi How you doing And then Jerry you think it's ponders me reading these bedtime stories on there. He's to read from books Because he was out overnight, you know midnight till five in the morning. He's to read from books long boring passages from books What a great way to put people to say best going Jerry It's more of a broadcast or you are a baby you fag too bastard. I ride Line nine is always my favorite WQM hello. Hello, New? Yes, ma'am a lady call our first of the week All right, do you like I'm a calling from Kila. I listen to you every day when I deliver mail on my route I'll ride for years now and I've been wanting to tell you not to drink diet soda for one thing What is that it's got asked for tame in it? I know I'm grateful for you. I'm drinking it right now. What is it? Do you? Yeah, it just it's I don't know maybe Parkinson's among other things, but I don't have no Parkinson's I know but but it's not good for you. Please stop drinking it. Well, what do you like me to drink? I don't know just not that I can't I can't sit here. I mean you got to drink something I'm not gonna dehydrate it because you want to put the scares in me. Okay, you have Parkinson's Well, it's just I just know it's not good Well, can I feel like the bad that I haven't told you all these years? Well, yeah, the cinema I've probably drank 50,000 gallons Does since you waited tell me I know I know I know I know I drank I drank by drink your diet caffeine free diet coke like it's coming out of a faucet I know I think of that I think of Like I just took another sip right at One other thing I wanted to tell you about a movie Do you there I just fell over I just kill over from the last sip. Yeah, go ahead It's called panic it has will you make me see in it? It's an all over the way I know I don't know why this is there, but it's pretty good this movie is great William H. Macy, but it also has some other people you don't like it has John Ritter Donald Southern Yeah, that's how it can be to dangerous. He's dead right. Neve Campbell. Like your witch. Yeah, and Tracy almond But it's a great movie. What's it called panic? It's called panic, but it's a few years old I'm out there drinking bottle water has a Lenny killer. Okay. Thanks. We don't know what I'm gonna go out and get some nice bottle water. Come guys Gasatta okay, can I still say gas? No, I know we can't play gas. We can still say gas. Okay 1257 at five 60 by the way if you want to go for a feast in fact This is a place where the beast would really have a great time you ever been to the Amol Coast. Nope. No. Why not? I'd never gotten this is the perfect place for a real pig like you because this isn't just you know Going out to restaurant for meal. This is a real feast start out. They got six different kinds of soup and then they have dozens and dozens of delicious fresh On-trace New York strip me to order in their sizzling Asian really just go for sight like some a medium well well But whatever and they'll actually do that for you. They've got that brand new seafood say Jacques Oysters on a half shell a last-kin stone crab Middle that clams and that fantastic jumbo See him scampy every night If you still have room sample their handcar perme or plus their new Thai specialies You see you've been sitting there wondering what it is we paid Josh the doosensee to answer the phones and much of anything else It just he helps out with this spot See The Amol Coast buffet features healthy cooking healthy living cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol fee or else No MSD headaches at the Amol Coast because they don't use any MSD no cornstarch no crap The buffet features full salad bar brand new sushi bar and fresh See him cocktail too and if there's any room after all of this the beast will just serve a crowbar This pants and open up a whole new sack of room there because they got a full desert station featuring Belgian waffles Pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit too They even be having a lot of them most of the time as well three Emerald Coast locations there in sunrise Pine Island a 44th Street Collins Avenue just know the 163rd North Miami Beach also the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines take to a family or bookiness business lunch and now let the folks at the Amol Coast cook up our real unbelievable feast for you The beast would be impressed take out an delivery available to call 954 5 7 238 229 54 5 7 238 22 for the Unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet The boy it's the one to two hour I've been a renal Chicago Fargo Minnesota Buffalo Toronto when slow slabs over when you don't know I'm a man of a mom. We're gonna South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona I put in you L One or three man air pumped up about that big end of the marley opening game Montreal Explos We're like sighting team at the Florida Marlins 596 votes on a pool, which is our second pool of the day. This is shocking, you know it We're almost 600 votes on a first pool How much do you care about the marlins is our poll question not at all? 0, not a 181.30.3% but you know that number keeps steadily coming down 644 vote. You notice how that number keeps steadily coming down Yeah, it's dropping. Oh 187 now 30.9% just changing it out of 604 votes. I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games 167 27.6% a little bit 146 a little bit a lot. I'm a huge fan honest 91 15% oh And I'm a baseball fan but not a Marlin fan 13 Cup fan Could be what team you think we have like Yankees? You think we have them cuz it's such a firm running 40-time any town anyway any from New York Yankees met Yeah, what about the braids America's team Howard? Not necessarily you don't you think the braids may have more fans than any other out of time thing? No How about the code this I'm a cup man I don't know about that And I trust you are too used to be feel Harry died once Harry died. You see it's the same thing when you announce your dies It just you lose your interest me go in his say his grandson's good chips pretty good, right? Yeah, he's a chip off your old block and skips very good with the braids But they're not Harry carry there is only one Harry carry. So I don't care about the cups no more And Would be the same if Dave and boring for example past away Right If he should get hit by a truck crossing the street on the way to the state and I'm just saying if he should get it by a truck it just wouldn't be the same anymore, okay if boothead to do the whole game Can you imagine how much more animated and exciting the games would be and instead of just having like 50,000 people for opening day and then like 6 or 7,000 there on Wednesday We might have like 15 or 20,000 there maybe even 30,000 on Wednesday But 30 minutes you haven't seen if they like whipped up some excitement enthusiasm and spread of that guy They ripped the bogan as before which was that was unacceptable that was radio He doesn't listen to radio, but he don't like boog WQM hello Hi from the cables Let's go to the cables hello. Hi, cable. Yes, sir for new speaking Neil. How are you pretty good? Dave and boring The most boring worst in John Miller John Miller you think is boring. I do Ground all the third the third basement is related to the Empire Yeah, yeah, I'm not a big gentlemen or fan. He's very contrived. That's why I'm like he'll go along and that same tone like you're doing that I'll see you you know, and you can tell it's totally contrived. He's not at least but excited He's just putting on a he's an actor more than a broadcast right I like the fake assignment So he seems like he seems like a nice guy, but my god is boring. Yeah Okay, well, thanks a lot, pal. It's a good call finally somebody had the guts to say Dave and boring was up to his name. I like John Miller I I'm not the I don't like him that much. He's highly overrated very very overrated So I don't I just don't like fake excitement. You know what I'm talking about? I know what you're saying If you I mean if the game course the game is so boring I guess you have to figure segments like faking an orgasm Concept right so boring. I mean hockey game when somebody scores a great cool You don't have to fake the excitement right right there You know like when Kelly's gonna do they oh my god It's gonna be great. That'll be great until Kelly does those games Do you think you see what you said that said that judgment Donald was an old hack? Oh, they're gonna be honoring him again Oh, that's right the seasons over six six time with Carolina yesterday and the judge myster man. He really just peed all over his leg It was incredible He's a hang it up the microphone finally how many years too late though? He first he picked on Jerry Whiston and now he's rippered on the judge McDonald. That's bad. That's I'm correct I'm just telling it like it is old hack 650 votes how much do you care about the marlins and it's about the same? You'll see we're gonna get a thousand votes on it more than that by the time we sit down here again tomorrow for those big two hours Thank you very much by the way Jeffrey Laurie and David Simpson for keeping the marlins in town at least to Two o'clock tomorrow, right? Right WQA and hello Hey Neil, I was on pretty good. I got to tell you that I listen to QAM all the time I think there's been more baseball talk on the Neil Rogers show that has been on all the other shows You mean an old dolphin radio? I especially like it when they call up in the middle of the summer and they're gonna be talking about the draft fairs or this guy Right, that's that's all we are even even even at Guy the goofball from from the Sun Sentinel said that It's the most boring. It's unlisted. Well, it's a term I mean, I just changed the dial it's in this I am talking football once it's even dollars It's something yeah Hey all the needs to be said about Dave and boring is that Commercial that the marlins run on QAM uses what is a jack fuck the guy if it did the Tv Trabook jack but the sufficient of these he's yeah He did you know he's the one that does the commercial of the marlins win in the world soon And you know something in his call is pretty boring too when you care my downwards pretty weak But in comparison The other one puts you the sleep if you do these any Joe sounds like he's alive like he's not on life support Right When I was in the him call game I usually can talk from the fans like he'll do that long-slot ball thing to left you And then I hear the fans cheering I know the whole problem Yeah, that up and away. I mean it was okay for the fifth dimension, but not for calling a home rod I mean that's just that's horrendous It can I call somebody a douchebag Well, there you go. That was our first one of those today 567.0560 but they just don't get it these people they do have understand go clean out your mouth with Corox or you cannot do that no more I realized that it sounds insane. It's uh, that's just we're just a bunch of nervous nellies And believe you me if you ever wanted to have some people who would be nervous nellies We got the right middle level management people for that the blindly doing the blind 567.0560 pound five 60 on it all look at this Aussie Osbourne says He's finally complaint with the state medical board accusing of Beverly Hills doctor of over-prescribing addictive drugs to him Aussie says the drugs led to his disoriented behavior on the reality TV series the Osbourne's Authorities as doctor David Kipper. I wonder what his middle name is Yo Authorities doctor Seriously you are I was really at various times I've had hopes for you, but you're your hopeless You're not supposed to whisper you spoiled immediately spontaneous you own Kipper you see what I'm saying Just like that you leave a minute that we got which is great right? Didn't you love that yeah, in fact it's short I'm so enthused about it. I might actually play it again if I could find the damn thing I don't even know we had it and now Mr Dan Durin steam campaign advisor for the joe laborman presidential campaign Scadash 30s after doctor Dr. David Kipper the tour over copies of as boards medical records and scheduled a meeting with the British singer It is wife Sharon Osbourne father complaint early in March claiming Kipper had him take excessive quantities of dexidrine Valium Ziprexa and other powerful medications Kipper's attorney John Harwell no relation to Ernie said the doctors always plays the cooper with the medical board He declined to come a further Osbourne helped Kipper in June 2002 to kick a prescription draw He hired a mother Kipper charge asked more than family 650 grand for his services The kick his prescription drug have a time for me, it doesn't it rush 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line QAM hello Yes, sir. I think you're a national treasure yeah, and It doesn't matter whether you have diet or regular coke. It's not the sugar this the problem Really yeah, good old how on a mate it's not the sugar. It's gonna make your blood sugar go up to like 500 sure it is no it's not Why the Coca-Cola is nothing but carbonic acid Assume it's a blood thicken and when the blood thick is just circulation gets bad Yeah, you get all kinds of diseases diabetes is simply Fat that goes around the pancreas so you can't produce insulin Yeah drinking coke is it's all you're doing is asking yourself it's like saying kill me What you should be drinking is alkaline water? alkaline water because alkalinity gets rid of the acid and makes your blood pure and then all you diseases go away I know that for a fact I've been doing it for a year I've got like 1100 people that I've helped do this stuff. I've seen diabetes go away I see blood pressure water. I'm water like what do you mean bottle water? Well if you want I can actually Bring you a case you can try and Then we can talk about it. I can give you a website to check out we can talk about what I'm allergic you're you peddling a product or what I'm peddling I'm not trying to pedal anything I was six or thirty years Neil Well, I mean you're telling me yeah, you're trying to help me out of you. Tell me you had an acute I ask you what I should be drinking a rather than giving me an answer like I think if you're on or What are okay perier or something? If you want you can make your own alkaline water No, I'm not gonna make my water. I mean call me lazy sir, but it's just it's in practical. I'm not gonna make my own oil Okay, well, then I can supply you with the water. Okay, if you want what what does that mean? You're gonna ship it to Toronto I mean what are we talking about? Don't you come back to Miami at all anymore? Not very often and based on the sound of this call not very soon Okay, I'll tell you what then I will send you a bottle of this stuff recharge and you can do You don't want to tell me what it is and because you're peddling something so I can I can smell it a 1200 miles away. He's peddling crap Right? Yeah The website he's gonna tell you about the website Oh my god See, let me say this and this is for everybody We got a whole new deal on this show as of very recently as it like go a few seconds ago If you want to plug on a show buy some spots buy some advertising for the Beasley retirement fund, okay? So that we don't have to put fake auctions on their a bee'sly website. We don't have to scan the public out of their cash buy some spots Would be a really good idea yeah He's gonna send make my own water. I do and they have a very in fact a steady stream every morning But no problem at all. thirsty. You need to make my own water. There you go Wow No, seriously. He's one step away from the urin lady that semester ego used to have on all the urin lady I'm urining to hear more about it not 114 at five sixty WKOM I've been telling you for a long time if your mattress goes to hung a hand basket then your health is gonna go into the same place Because you just don't get a good night's sleep with dollar mattress You get a fantastic night's sleep at an unbeatable price because dollar mattress backs up everything they say And they're advertising 400 percent Their competitors still lie like crazy for example. You see one of those ads in the newspaper with a big headline Half off But then you find out this only applies to a limited solution about him. She never wanted anyway Everything else is still full price and they probably double the regular price on a sell merch and I spurst And you're probably never be able to make a first change if you don't like that and dollar mattress the rats have no tiny print Notice claimers no lies It's like a great read free zone no lies when you call 1 800 macros You'll see their prices are so low of their stores have to offer half off sales just to compete and dollar Matters offers you a no risk But third man 30 day coverage change policy and all beds include the one you be buying And don't forget when you call dial a mattress toll free at 1 800 macros You're getting your company ranked the best in the world of no-girl customers satisfaction from candle the Stuart Palm Beach to prestigious Ford Myers And dollar mattress reminds you to read the fine print because they want you know what you're buying even if you decide not to buy from them So what you'd be waiting for do what I always do and I've done many times by the way when the old mattress is headed Just pick up the phone and make one easy call 1 800 macros 1 800 mA TTR Yes, or check on our website macros.com dollar macros the honest way to get you a great night sleep for years to come Home Honey after one hears a message from Eric no less of all the authorities about water He says the guy would call him about alcohol and water actually had a point. I wish he would have gotten to it. The Japanese have household appliances that separate water into alkaline water and acid water, the former being for drinking, weight loss being water the benefits and the latter being good for bathing. And of course the French they use both for the same. They be the and the drink it. I just drink it break by the way made by one water. You'll be pleased to know. A lot of it. Because when you drink gallons of caffeine free die, coke every day, it's you know. I'm sure it's not good for you. Ask for payment good for you right? It makes a wood alcohol in your body. Right. And you're like fried all the time. Every time I try to do the nutritional thing, they always like the first thing tell you stop bringing diet soda. Right. Well, okay fine. I'm more than willing to do it. And I've got plenty of markets and supermarkets, whatever. I can handle the freight. I can deal with. When I asked the guys of the question, and I, what should I be drinking? Well, you can make your own water. Well, I'm not going to make my own water. Are you? No. Of course I'm asking a wrong person. I asked you. No, I would not. Josh going to make his own water. No. No. I don't know anybody. It's going to be, you know, see, this is the problem with the nutritional freaks. I mean, maybe this guy may be 100% correct. But the fact that matter is that when you carry something that's such an extreme, it isn't practical for most people. I'm not saying make it simple for me. Don't send me anything. I don't need you to send me anything. Just tell me what to do and he wouldn't do it. But I beat, but I beat. But I know. Thanks a lot, Eric. Okay. Jericho. I know he's got a lovely Japanese wife. So he knows all about that. Japanese stuff. 560560, pound, pound, five60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, let's talk about maybe that'll be our polar tomorrow. What's your favorite drinking water? No. Yeah. Better than your favorite flavor of toothpaste. I like the spring water. Spring water like Mount Valley. Sure. From a hot spring's Arkansas. There used to be a spot to mine while back in the day. That's good stuff. In fact, once a pot of time you stay with the liver to the house all the time. I can give me some good water all the way. I don't like, now I don't know about you. I don't like flat water. In other words, with no gas. Huh? There are two kinds of bottle water. There's like plain with no gas. And there's Gassata, like the Italian's with the little like carbonated. Like the the Pelligrino. San Pelligrino is excellent. And that the carbonation gives a little. It cuts to the the flamin among your throat. I hate that. I hate that. You hate what? The sparkling water. Really? My mom drinks that. It's horrible. No, it is not. Why do you say it's horrible? It does. There's a lot more people drink the sparkling water. If you're a person for bottle water is huge, then drink that flat water. That's a, oh, maybe. So drinking alca salsa. No, it's that. Let me ask you if you got a bottle of coke. And I'm assuming die coke because when you waste out of her pounds, you ought to be drinking. And to say to me that it doesn't make any difference with the drink to sugar or not. I got my little diabetes. Need to in the other room. They're my acute check. And I guarantee if I said or drink and I don't ready to be on the floor. I'd be in a diabetic coma. If I was drinking as much coke with sugar or some drinking dyes coke. No, no, no. There's no doubt that the real thing is bad. Really bad for you. What? And you kind of real soda with all that sugar is really bad for you. With regular soda with sugar, of course, it'll can you man. It's pure sugar. Make your blood sugar skyrocket. I mean, this guy's talking to a diabetic. Anything. I don't know what it's. See, I can't stand the, the nutritionistic stream is they're all experts. And then you look at them and they look like itch about crane on a bad day. Oh, yeah. I used to have a sponsor many, many years ago back in the day. I'm I'm a beach on KT and this guy was the nutrition store. Health boots throw on a beach and all rotors somewhere. And and a guy. He had this customer who used to the we used to call him the garlic man. Now, you couldn't get within 50 yards of them because he's stuck like garlic all the time. He, he weighed, I mean, soaking wet after a heavy shower. We went about 40 pounds soaking wet. He made current carpenter look like mama cast. And you know, if that's your idea of being healthy and being, whatever, I just, I'll pass on that. How much do you care about the marlins in about bottle water? That's our pool today. Not at all zero. Not a 2029.7% it dipped under. For the first time, it's under 30. It's exciting. I bet today David Samson is dancing. Kizazuki would Jeffrey Lourier right now. 600 80 votes. I'm a fan. I'll go to a few games. I'll go to some games. First of the tickets are free. A little bit 170. A lot. I'm a huge fan. Honest 114.8% that dipped under that 15% mark. It's not a good sign. And I'm a baseball fan, but not a Marlon fan 19. That's pretty low totally. You know, and I guess the other people already voted for the other stuff. It's a beast bad. No, well, Miguel's bad. He wasn't, he's not there. And I was blame him. Miguel's bad. Should have corrected me. So how about put this in there, right? All Miguel. Of course now that we got that Cuban population. We're going to support that baseball, right? Right. WQM Hello. QM Hello. Not there on two or three. And these must be, I don't know what these people are today. These must be the people that are off this week because of the phony holiday. WQM Hello. Yeah sir. Hey, near the expecting one 35,000 at the Marlon game. 50,000 man. They've sold over 50,000 seats. I'm going to go Wednesday when they're expecting about 7,000. Right. You have a lot more elbow remote. I love the stadium when there's only 7,000 there. You feel like you're the whole same here yourself. Right. Yeah. I think the only problem that being at a good way to get a ticket out of town. But there you go. There's a guy at the likes of when it's empty. Has elbow room. It's not crowded. I understand what's coming from. I like it. I like it. I like it. I'm a two man. Can I tell you where I enjoy sporting events? The most. I'm a company. I'm a company of my sofa with my fan asked sitting there watching. That's why I enjoy it the most. Typical self-large of sports. No. No. Not at all. Not at all. Fact out your R&T. I've got a more dolphin games in my life than most of the people listen right now. You're in T of that. And paid for my own tickets back in that day. But I got tired of the drunks of the people spilling their beer all over you. Of the fist fights and the stands of all the crap of the people that stand up when you try to watch the game. It's like going to the Panther game. I mean, a few people that are there. You think with all the empty seats you might actually because I got a great vantage point there at the arena. Got great seats. But the problem being they're standing up. The usher's are letting them come down when the game is just starting to go with a face off takes place. And the guy I'll never forget that guy that's up in front of me talking on the cell phone was buddy down at the other end. While the game is going on, that all the action is down at that to my left where he's standing. And I said sit down. He says, how common. I said, because I want to see the game. What game is that? And what? This is for 205. You and the two. The ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil Goon. Jessica with us. Yeah. Let's let's the trick to achieving longevity. I'm sorry. I think about often. Completely madly abused drugs. Yeah. Party. Just take some calls. Johnson City Tennessee is on with us. You've got Nick and Jessica. Go ahead. Hi Ryan. This is Andrea. Oh, hi Andrea. Jessica. Is it true you don't drink milk because you can't sit your head in the curtain? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, is it also true that you hired a private detective to find out if you've related to Homer and Bart Simpson? Yes. I don't know what I'm going to do with her. She's out of control. I love this Ohio. You're on. Yeah. You're touching the Internet about it. Nick and Jessica sex tape. Is that really you guys? Definitely. Yeah. Will we have a clip? Take a look at that Nick and Jessica. Nick and Jessica. Yeah. Huh. Wow. Why can I get a copy of that in stores? Yeah. Okay. I know we're glad to. And deciding to do this. Oh, no. We're so happy. We are so happy. We could off on stuff like that. 133 you know I interrupted myself. I was gonna put you on a spot when you said you hated the carbonated water Yeah, now what if you open up a bottle of coke Diet or regular whatever it was and it was flat, but you know how you open it and sits there for days and yeah And it's flat and there's no carbonation. That is hard that no But do you say it's horrible? Yeah, so then why would you want to drink water with no carbonated? Because water is meant to be Yeah You're supposed to drink water that's not that's flat not bubbly Some of the where somebody told you you're supposed to drink it. That's the way I like it better I like my water better. I think it's more refreshing not that little bit of that effort Vesson doesn't like put a tingle in your tonsils. No, but it's just a flat. I don't have any tonsils Neither do I but still puts a tingle now see what just watch yourself because now we got that nervous Nellison or cheap ray he said You gotta see it's it's one thing to react with all the SEC business. It's going on. I've come to the conclusion After after seeing the way that certain people like every time I ask a quote oh should I call up Naples and I ask it? No, you should not call up anybody and ask stop creating more problems where they don't already exist, you know? See what I'm saying yeah. I mean I ask an opinion and of course since I can't get an opinion because and I should be asking opinions I'll use my own opinion. I'll use the judgment of being on the earth this town Long time I think I got a real good idea where the line is even the new line the heavy heavy thick heavy handed line I think even I know I got a pretty good idea where it is and so if there's a little F*** that doesn't quite meet up to the muster some people in there too bad. Okay. Let him go take some pills Let him call up Wilma and Self-medicated little bit in calm down, right? Yeah, you know I'm talking about yeah Everyone machine names now listen, Lloyds of London, Susan Marlins I don't want to put this story on here that they be for opening day because that would not be good Would make it appear it's in a hurl though Alice Hernandez made $35 million pitching for the Florida Marlins even though his once promising career pretty much into that first season And remember all those Julios that we're gonna come out to see Alice for and is did they show up now? They're like everybody else they're much of front running phony's there. They're no different from anybody else. No, we're right If it's a winning team hey, we love them. Marlotte. You know all that crap And if they stink they'll stay home The team which guaranteed his five-year salary through 2001 turned a lois of London recover about $7 million in disability insurance for his injured shoulder the team's injury claims sparked a bench emptying legal brawl The extra money would obviously help the financially struggling world serious champions But the team isn't likely to see it anytime soon after the Marlins suit for breach of contract The world's best known insurance underwriter alleged that the team defrauded the company by submitting to identical law spams the lois and the Hartford life insurance company for for and is his torn rotator covering a 2000-2001 seasons The Hartford company didn't know the team already had disability coverage with lois because the Marlins and Fernandez never disclosed it on an insurance application Core record show the Hartford firm and later Lloyd's accuse the bulk of reaping a $2 million profit through a lead deception The Marlins eventually settled their dispute with Hartford and sure which wanted its money back So they've lied to the Hartford company They've lied to the underwriters at lois and it gets much worse than that Lloyd's Miami attorney Fred Rick hasty the turd said an August court hearing Lloyd's then hurled another charge the Marlins trainer or team official Placed whiteout the correction fluid on Fernandez proof of clay a law screen that was submitted to the London based underwriter In court papers Lloyd's lawyer is alleged forgery, but didn't explain the significance of the material allocations on the injury claim They wanted something out Now Lloyd's pants asked former make sure we understand That we're not talking about the crude ownership our good close personal friend that Hank whip the last last week I was going there, hopper. We're talking about John Henry They plan to ask former Marlins owner John Henry now part of the red socks what he knows about the whiteout and an upcoming decision Before the case goes to mediation in August 12th after November. So what it gives us that position? They're gonna say come on. What do you know and he's gonna say? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah, that's your guy by the way I'd be pretty embarrassed. I've done in the own any or all of my team I'd be humiliated to be a red socks family. Can you see the owner? I probably want to have my whole team frozen on ice until he crows no Just had Williams 5605050 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a great to Monday getting ready for the big day that borrow I couldn't really care less. Why nines ringing though. That's my favorite WQM. Hello Pretty good sir I'm just calling about the Hospital Yeah, there's a little bit of a website called the MCMarco dot com and the RKLE It'll give you more information that you'll ever want to know about it. What does that mean? Well, take a look at it. It'll give you the points of how it affects your body Yeah, it'll give you the information in regards to the fact that Well, how come I'm still alive? I've been drinking it for years by the gallon Well, I mean That's just the information you'll find out on I'd like you sick It'll make a need to poison In that it's stoomsick. That's what made them sick. As per team? Yep. I'll be Dan What's it? It's a conspiracy But it's a conspiracy Yeah, well, I'm saying though. The other one is push the stuff they took off the Sweet low, you know the other one Right And they made the Well, that's because all the old Jews were stealing it at pumper mix so they had to give it Okay, listen, I have a great day pal. Thank you so much Well, this is getting a talk about the jury. What's new show? Who'd help? Might have talked Let's talk about as pertain. Oh, I've heard all of those stories. Maybe it will kill you. You know everything He will probably kill you. I would much rather drink bottle water and you know something I think I'm inspired to do it just not because the other got a call but that lady to call Even though she should know better Right Just about what the bubbles And I like it with the bubbles. I'm not gonna drink what you like. I'm gonna drink what I like I know how the bubbles gonna affect you so maybe have a little more gas and now that we can't make those sounds anymore But raspberry We can make those sounds anymore. Don't worry about it, right? Can you believe that though actually that we can't play the fart sounds on here? I was ridiculous That that is that is so extreme and This is one of the reasons that I think maybe I've been as over come by psychosis by this whole FCC business as anybody Which is what inspired me to start that ill-fade the campaign that I dropped I dropped it by the way folks We're not doing that anybody gave money you'll get it back. It did never went through Your money was never deposited you won't be charged It was a bad idea Let me say it again the people in the broadcast industry not the public out there to people in the broadcast industry There are the ones who should be going if we had if we had 500 people at two grand a piece like I was put up there That's a hundred grand last time I checked right right? 100 grand could buy a full page at in USA today and they could get 10 million signatures and do something But the people in this business why the hell should I be to want to stand up and scream and how to just waste my time and first rate myself What does nobody there to pick up the ball they just don't give a crap? They do not care I've seen it before and I'm seeing the same damn thing again But it's just a way that certain nervous nellies in that place are over reacting with us Oh, gee we call up corporate they said you can't do this you can't do well stop calling them okay just calm down Take a couple more than damn heavy duty pills 20 till two in fact you know something you know where to get the good crap you out of a start bring in some good stuff in there me you I don't know anything about good crap. Yeah, how you don't My Mr. Gange there okay that's not going to line that's you no I'm too long wait till when you make George look like an amateur. They don't you line just wait till Wednesday Wait till Wednesday what when I'm not here when what is that gonna man was actually gonna be there? Yeah, is that the gongerman? Come on All right, we ought to have a great time when How a stone or spear You know You pass the brownies That hot so glorious They did not know this curious After a month was a cannabis Before school on the bus Come a friend to love the park every day even now. We just can't stop one day We even took up a cup Looking up a bad hook up say I've let my sheets see See fall now with we We should we free free free To run again stay I plant my seas see please fall now with we Fall my bond Let me smoke that phone I know thingy That bond of on bond I love when I smoke the bond Just like you can jump yeah yeah That bond the bond bond Look at that hot so glorious That the evening night I was curious so I asked my mom for some cannabis You spoke before school on the bus Come a friend to love the park every day You went out just can't stop one day We even took up with a cup Looking up a bad hook up say I've let my sheets see See We We We're free free free free Gonna roll it again stay I plant my sheets see See Fall my wings We We Fall my bond Let me smoke that phone No Baby That bond bond bond bond Love when I smoke the bond Just like you can jump yeah yeah Absolutely That bond bond bond bond bond bond bond Hey I'm 47 I'm showing that this fast it is sending me up his water I'm not gonna mention the name of it this water rub by with a brand name on it that was probably said by the guy that called when you think I would think so Yeah, yes Who's peddling a product? Which you know that's fine and the more power to you Hope you make a zillion dollars in the save everybody's life But I just I don't like people I want to use me like that okay. Oh, no, I want to save your life Me always save somebody else like in godfather three love somebody else remember that Didn't see it This is cute though Canadian rocker Alainus Morris said didn't bear her breast like Janet Jackson But she didn't bear her soul last night at Canada's annual music awards in Edmonton Demonstrating for the stain for what she called him for critical U.S. censorship and she's right on you go boy girl hosting the 2004 Juno awards ceremony Canada's version of the Grammys more set this row down stage to reveal a skin colored naked body suit with nipples in pubic here As part of the skit more set was then told by the show's assistant director that actually we can't show nipples are pubic here on national TV And which time the auto abhorrence singer pulled off the fake body parts like just like that These satirical acts as Morris said was aimed at U.S. government institutions for overreacting to cultural free expression As a result of the fallout surrounding Janet Jackson's super bowl booby thing when her breasts was accidentally exposed to millions of TV viewers As you may or may not be aware recently in the US i ran into a little problem with regard to a lyric in one of my songs more said toldy Near sellout audience to 17,000 referring to her latest release titled everything the song includes alerts i can be a Whole of the grandest kind another one of those words we can't say anymore It was requested that i change award in the first verse well i'm overjoyed to be back in my homeland the tune north Strong and sensor free she said american radio station threatened recently to ban the song Forcing more said to change the controversial word to nightmare Canada the word is Cool, but in the US it's nightmare which is an nightmare for all of us As tongue and cheeky of Jackson should be granted cultural refugees status in Canada Morris every spotted now that's a good idea A that's what she said it's pretty good idea a nice going alayness more said you go girl See the difference one of the many many differences Including all the weaknesses but we don't want to talk about all that we want to talk about water no come on Don't you what kind of crap is that we're talking about water where did that get started from just because we got into a thing about diet soda right Oh, is that woman that started like i said bug off honey okay mean well but go away 770 five votes on a poll how much you care about the marlins not at all zero not a you can't force me 125 29 percent There's only one way we're gonna fill up that stadium in the after tomorrow and you know who that is Can't wait thousands of thousands of tickets There'll up those as sections man can have orgies there pop and pills all kinds of stuff going on I'm a fan i'll go to a few games 217 a little bit one ninety four they care about tomorrow's a little teeny tiny We bet a lot i'm a huge fan honest 112 14.4 percent that i'm just going down out of good sign Jeffrey And i'm a baseball fan but not a Marlon fan 28 Out of dang near 800 80 votes what's all the stuff you're faxing me now pages and pages what is that? pages oh no it's delayed reaction i don't know Have you ever have you ever printed something out any you realized how long it was and how many pages it was gonna take yeah So being the schmuck that i am i look up i did a search during the break on as per tame so here is a as per tame toxicity information center Yeah, so i started looking at it and i didn't have time to you know read the whole thing so i figure while print this couple of pages up and read some of these things on the air page well, see how many pages that i want of getting 11 page one of get now yes how many pages there are 30 yes again 40 keep going you're not even warm yet a hundred and two keep going you're not even close yet page one of 375 oh my god wow it's an end of the thing i looked at over there and because i heard the pages just Eucuing off of my fax machine page one of 375 i don't want to say that the anti-asper tame people are finetta But like when a guy calls it it's a conspiracy at that point ever comes just a little bit wary you know what i'm saying and you blame me blame you for what the for the you you printed the page and then you blame me for fashion you stuff yeah, what's all this crap your sentiment five six five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T oh i got to get that last year about Bush and the environment skiers to resist is just incredible but we got to do the break one fifty two a q a m oh aww in my am You are me, we come from different worlds. I like to wear my cybers with my my own curls. Something I'm crazy, they're wonder-wise. I go out dressed like this, it's cos I'm a rabbi. But there's nothing I can do. Oh, I'm happy I was wondering you. That's you. You look at me, and it's very plain to see. I don't believe in Jesus Christ's divinity. I won't eat, not a kosher cow. But the potato pancakes show wouldn't hit the spot right now. Oh, rockers, nothing I can do. I'm happy I was wondering you. Totally Hebrew. Put our little half-hatch, and dress up really strange. And I'll spend the afternoon searching my couch for a change. I call up my best friend, so we'll go out for my sub-balls. Then I'll tell him that I forgot my wallet, and he'll pay for me. I can't help it if I'm stingy. I'm happy I was wondering you. Totally Hebrew. I'm happy I was wondering you. Totally, totally Hebrew. I'm the Jimpani. I'm happy I was wondering you. You must be a thing that I'm not going to do. The oldie, Rimmer, must be a hot people. So anyway, I just really quickly bush attacks and permits scarce to raise. George W. Bush's campaign work has hit on the age-old political tactic to deal with a tricky subject of global warming, deny and deny aggressively. The observer in England is obtained a remarkable email set to press Secretary's of all Republican congressmen advising them what to say when questioned on the environment and the round to the election. The advice tell them everything is rosy. There ain't no problem. There's no global warming and the whole story is on our website. Also, big Arne says, Coca-Cola's great flat. I love to bottle it, open it, throw away the top, and then dear to its awesome. It becomes like cola punch. Give it a try. And to prove that Arne is at least consistent. Also, it goes well with soggy salad and he says he likes soggy Cheerios too. He's got Magnificent Taste, which is why the Guardian listen to the Arne. Am I right? Okay. Anyway, the mandags coming up next and then Joseph Gekki for the upper and fourth. Marlins baseball in Nuna Mara, we salute those Marlins. Bye, bye, bye! In the fall, the suck in already!