It's Monday. Oh God, Friday seems so far away. Here I'm trapped in this office to stay. I feel like crap because it's Monday. Oh God, Friday is Monday. Check out my master book and my boss every day. Come on to me and watch the things in my ear. And a sound star. I thought if you wanted to hear me, you were slow. There's things about me, everything can go. I'm on the edge. Oh, right. You should make it a day. Because you could go to chill in the sea when they eat. Hey, great, like you. You and your friends are me. She was 25 but she's just a team. Perfecting. I've been my last three. Daddy called the conference night. She's my best friend. She's my best friend. Because I've had so many. I'm on the sides. Please mind me. And I've got so things right now. Right, though. Oh, my show. She's so worried. She's okay. She's 25. You should be scared of her. Yeah, the men are all in stone. She's so scared. It's dead, but day of morning. It's a day of celebration for every head of a sexual male in a face of the earth. Because Brittany got married, but the good thing is she got it. No. Oh. Like almost immediately. She just had a little bit too much to drink. Little drinky poo here. Another little drinky poo there. Again? She has a problem. Maybe she is hanging out with a bush girls. Maybe she's hanging it out with them. They don't problem. Anyway, here's the New York Post for the great picture. Did you check it on the web? No. You should right now. Go work post.com. Trust me. All of it is only black and white. That's okay. Oh, she looks pretty good right there. Talk about quicky weddings. It says only hours after changing vows that a vake is wedding chapel Saturday morning. Brittany Spears had her new hubby, childhood pal Jason Allen Alexander, arranged that they married a nulled one of Spears reps confirmed yesterday. Was the old in and out? The twenty-two roles met with the Vegas lords Saturday afternoon to begin hammering out their split. Then George Maloof Jr. Spurah Spears quotes. Spears closed friend and the well connected owner of the poms casino hotel took over arranging for a bloody judge in town to sign the papers that same evening a source told the post. The whole deal was over by six o'clock Saturday night. Less than thirteen hours after the spirit deck and the baseball camp and grungy jeans had walked down the island. The arm of a poms limo driver to marry her handsome six foot-tube pal from Kentwood, Louisiana at the little white chapel wedding chapel at five thirty in the morning with source said, I know exactly where that is. Don't you? No. Isn't that where you got married? I got married at the week herk of the Heather wedding chapel. I see. It wasn't clear if a couple of consummated their union. Isn't that it wasn't clear if they'd consummated the union. Maybe you'd like to see the evidence. Could we please? Could we please see the evidence? Yeah. Still there were apparently no hard feelings after the marriage is quick dissolution. You notice all of that hard feelings solution all of the things. Yeah. Oh, wait till the next paragraph. The pair reported they'd die with a few pounds of the poms stake how shortly after signing the enrollment. The enrollment means the marriage never legally happened and bars both party. I think you love this. bars both parties from grabbing each other's assets. Correct. I love it. Leave it to the post baby. They're hyperventilating their psychotic over Britney's assets. I got a color picture over here. Do you? Yeah. Well that's right. I had a color picture too but my I've only got a black on my printer. So like I said she looks pretty good. I'll take you. She looks glowing right there. Especially with a crucifix on her around her. And in fact I don't see any change. Do you? Maybe she's like glued on her. Thing. It's stuck on. But while it ended what has to be one of the shortest celebrity unions on record speculation over what led Spirits to something. What is only just begun. It says. They said Spirits have been drinking a lot over the holidays. Disponded over relatively poor sales of her in the zone album. In the zone. You know even though Dr. Ankins is singing that tune. He's changed his tune. Wait till we get to the spot man. I can't wait. I might give them a free spot for balance for light just because of what it says about even Dr. Rackens is changing his tune. Yeah. He's gone. Hello. Like that. Wow. Some posts the Spirits Deny such claims insisting Related album is selling well and that the pop tart doesn't drink to access. But one I wouldn't have said Spirits was so smashed on champagne New Year's Eve allegations a rep and maloof deny that she had to be carried up from the Rain Night Club to her palms sweep by bodyguards. Other sources said. Spirits was also boozing it up at the palms club Ghost Bar and the wee hours. Before she and Alexander laughing and giggling. Hopped into a lime-green limo and drove to two wedding chapels that were closed before they landed at little white wedding. Got emerged license and said I do. She said something like, oh wouldn't it be funny if we got married? Oh, let's just go and do it a friend told London son. But then it turned into oh my god. Oh my god. What have I done? Suddenly was a joke that went our wee bit too far. Those close to Spirits are adamant the single was not drunk that night and said the wedding was a larke. A spokeswoman for Jive Records. Spirits labeled say yesterday. Miss Spirits and Mr. Alexander filed for an element which will become official today. Liquor aside. Some sources also believe that Spirits study of Kabbalah. What is that? It's Jewish mysticism. Kabbalah. A Jewish mystical practice introduced to her by Palma Donna. May have something to do with her choice to ring the new year with a new ring. Karbbalah which places emphasis on marriage and family could have only been seen by Spirits that chance to settle down and start a new source to said. But if that was your dream it was short-lived. Let's see Alexander recall us soon. Once it become a profile player returned to his hometown and they come contemplative mood said his grandfather Robert said he picked the unman from a New Orleans airport. He wasn't very chatty. He's been through a lot and he didn't have much to say. Meanwhile, Sherlock Richardson, the owner of the chapel where the two were married has been offered a million dollars by two tabloids for the wedding video tape according to an article today's last biggest son. Million bucks for the tape. I want to know if they'd consummate their union. Two million for the honeymoon video tape. Yeah. What is this that you just sent to me? Oh, just something. What is it? Oh no. Robert creepers resume. Is he looking for a job? Yes. All right. Bye-bye Robert. Self-hating orthodox whatever had you were this week. Maybe he's going into Karbbalah. I never heard of that in my life. Oh, yeah. Kabbalah, Karbbalah. Make your own golem. Yeah. Khabala. I don't know what it is. More crap. 1419 votes on a pool from a Friday. I was here on Friday to a rose. What are you talking on back from vacation? He wasn't. That's right. But today, look at that schedule. Oh, right. Not actually literally like more days, but just just like maybe do a few real shows would be good. We got the mad dog is finally back. Jesus, how many days is even off? About 30 minutes. Christal mighty mad dog. Jim managed to do the load. Hey, Goldberg, it's Shula's it for. Perk who not live, I would want the rest of the schedule. It's pretty weak. Anyway, we got the Abestineel total 55,000. Thanks to Miguel who rounded it off. I'll throw it in five bucks. I'll probably money from somebody else. Anyway, 55 grand for Best of the Neil for this past year. It's not that great, not that bad. Right? It's all good. It's somewhere like in between for abandoned pet rescue. And now the best of the auction rises only available online. It's still there. I go to the argyz.com. You can still get it. And so let's Jorge appearances. And select the Georgia Parenthesis 2. Like when he plays the Semicide. Oh, there's that 97 year old woman who was found alive in Iran. After the nine days, try to say that Allah God saved her. So the other 30 or 40,000 people are died. This is what always just kills me. Then talk to these assholes, man. Always say it like there's a plane crash. 300 people die and one asshole gets, you know, somehow survives. Get just to pure luck. And says, oh, the Lord looked over me. I answered my prayers. What about the other 300 people? I see. They were small potatoes. 1425 votes on the pool from Friday. What do you think was the biggest celebrity story of 2003? Here's a clue. When's hands down? No, nobody even closed. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. From the inquirer. Come on. I should lend my drug addiction. 477 year full of crap, rush. OK, your full of crap. All this business about, oh, she will know was blackmailing him. You know, this all these things, uh, period of time goes by and then they think of something. Right. Sure took a long time before they thought that one. I've just like it took a long time before Michael Jackson thought up, oh, they abused me. They abounded me and they, uh, yeah, rough me up and put me in that feces covered Turlet. They should have stuck his ass in a bunch of feces. You know that. In addition to which judging from what the maid wrote in that first that I authorized biography of him, he should have been used to it anyway because he used to walk around with a poop in his pants. It was too lazy, uh, you know, when he was in that magical bedroom in Neverland. Why did he had other fish to fry in order to mean? What do you mean? 1400 as in perch on this. 1429. Rush Lumbog, drug addiction, 479. Arnold, a group of native elected governor of California. 392. I still, I still can't believe you haven't seen that thing of J. Leno introducing him. No, maybe. Come on. How about I guess he was right after all with his pronounced California. Here's the new governor. It just, it is so tacky and so unbelievable. 292 say Arnold is the biggest celebrity story of the year. Michael Jackson arrested to an 19. Kobe Bryant rate case 134. Strong Thurmond's love child moved up from a nowhere to 63. Martha Stewart inside her trading 46. Don't forget January 22 starts the trial. Periscillten, 1629. Madonna and Britney's TV kiss 24. Roy Horne, Mal by Tiger. Roy 22. And tied for last boy. They were sucking wind the three of them all the way through. Ben and J. Lowe's wedding and Rosio Donald lawsuit only 10 free to one of those. Nobody cares about them. Nobody ever wants to hear from them. No, Mo. Here's today's poll. Now we've done similar ones but we've never done this one. And spite of what you may think. Right? Of all time. It's similar. We've done different categories. Things like that. But we have never. And the reason I'm inspired to do this is because I haven't seen the James Dean thing. I'm with the King. Uh-huh. Few nights ago James King. James King and Larry Dean. Jimmy Dean, who was on that juve food. No, seriously, a whole hour devoted to James Dean. He made all three movies and who smelled real bad and was not to just women and guys. But anything that moved. And it didn't look all that great to begin with. I hate to break the news to you. Oh, he was so, uh, he was, uh, scummy looking. Right. But what if I do my face like this? Right. Exactly. You know what he was? He was a Marlon Brando wannabe. Right. This is what he was. Right? Right? What none of the talent. And you know who else is a Marlon Brando wannabe? Christian Slater. Matt Matillo. Oh, yeah. Very much so. Matillo and good pert. What is this thing you just sent me? Just a thing. Ross Layton said by hijacker sentence, a controversial former bomber pilot recently sent to seven years and four months in prison for hijacking his small plane in Thailand. It's found at least one local simple that a year US representative Indiana Rosanna Dana, Leighton. In a statement released last Tuesday, she expressed sadness and disappointment at the prison sentence of Lee Tong whom she called a local. Anybody cares about that? Why, why does what somebody faxes that crap just another shot at for Rosanna Dana? Okay, that bitch. Here's today's poll question. Who is the most over and then by the way, today starts the arrest of our life. I know that's a really tright. Please show all of that crap down. Today we see if we got any audience left out there on QA. If there's any chance to like come up with some more in 2004. No mole in O.P. is what we're saying. Absolutely right. Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time? Now you notice major celebrity. Don't become an it would like a little marginal people at nobody ever heard of. Major celebrity of all time. We got a quick list of seven here. James Dean Frank Sinatra. Neil Diamond, who's a legend in his own mind. Varmer Streisand. Johnny Carson. Say that cruise. And if you missed the show on Friday, which you probably because nobody was in town on Friday. Let's do it. Local Cubans again. Get all whipped up because George was ripping. See the cruise again. I was trying to defend that ugly drag queen. Well, I'll go. Will a push. But nevertheless. See the cruise and Oprah. That's still so far the first seven. The most overrated major celebrity of all time. My. And local. This is for trail high. Safety. Way. Way. And. Are you. Brudge. Back. Very. Maybe. Time to see. That we're lagging with the. Oh. Hey. Provide a headline that will be. You by the. Don't. To shame. And. Is the one. To get. Now they. I won't be one. They. They don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. We got. That we're all hoping and saying. We got. We won't have this. We got. We got. We got. We got. You say none of the. We're. You. You. You. Can't get. You. You. What. What. What. That. That. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. What. It's a. It's a. It's a. It's a. It's a. I know. Sex. Like I said over the weekend, not. I'm talking about a bitch that called a show. Was it about a year ago? I think just about a year ago. Could you narrow it down a little more nasty miserable condescending sound. Very she talks like this and well, so you're now. Be she was bitching me out for the fact that I've decided you know all of the great things I could be doing with this show. But I've decided to pander to the morons. You remember that woman? Oh, the. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Low scoundrel. Right. Yeah. That's in her. There's kind of a lot of light, but it's caused. And then. 없이4restd societal accidental change, but a question, is that else you could just��. See. Cored apartments in the年前. Or thank you. But we overcome the change that everything was that new. And I was telling F mia to not trick someone a couple. 꼭 or plug it. here a little crap they're like we're kind of calling it right exactly just a little calling it a fairy dust for you. Here's the update on the ferrell which I already think I gave this didn't we give it on Friday but nobody was just on Friday because everybody was still on holiday. Scott ferrell this is from the December 9th you cago sometimes I had a scar the internet I know the interesting thing about what a bunch of horseball well there's only two but they heard in the sun sent well is there's no follow up to anything you know there's no follow up nothing. They have to go online you have to like scour every other newspaper every publication it like find out anything that's going on for being said. December 9th sometimes in Chicago says Scott ferrell who's syndicated sports talk show once aired on WMVPAM 1000 which used to be WCFL. Is auditioning for an ongoing role on man cow muleers WKX QFM morning show for elbow to place freak who abruptly exited man cow's morning man house last week after nine years as traffic reported to a WZZ NFM so the word is that ferrell's got man cow disease and he's on the show right now he's uh but he's still like temporary right. Is that what he took why can't anybody ask these questions and nobody can give me a straight answer to anything because I don't have a straight answer it's temporary for the time being well what did he tell you he said that you spoke to him he said well WCFL is live void in the last can Hawaii he said they're trying it out. Yeah like either party is convinced but so far so good. Neither party is convinced but so far so good so in other words again two cognitive restatements so far so good no no that doesn't make any sense. If it's so far so good then why wouldn't anybody be convinced so in other words it's still in there's still decided so far so good. Both parties know that they're both uh you know gigantic egos and uh probably you can work something like that. In addition which for all's already looking for another job. I mean like I said Friday this is the only person I've ever known in a business much less worked with who the many of these starts a job he's looking for another one. Probably because I guess he knows. But anyway that's the update on for real. We need some new names for this pool today who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time Oprah's off to the races now she's got 16 that cross-eyed juubitch barber strength hands got nine. See the reason Oprah I wouldn't vote for her I voted for James Dean you want to know why? Yeah even Oprah has absolutely no talent at least she's been on TV for what how many years now? About 30 man. A long time she's sustained that phony activers whatever she's kept those mesmerized housewives out there buying the book she's peddling and all the other crap that she's doing under with those pastel backgrounds you know. But James Dean made three movies in the year got killed. See what I'm saying? Oh I have a good point. See the difference 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T now and what I see line nine ring and that's not a good sign to start the official new year. WQAM line nine. Hello. I don't even hear like anything. Nope. The bottom is the phone pot on. Josh says yes. Oh just okay. Oh no. No. Okay. There you go. Look at that. There's a good start. There it is as in again siphoned it up from South Florida all the way up here where we got a little snow on the ground by the way in case Casca nova's listening. 567.0560 pound 560 pound 560. I'd like to take a two by four just beat that that asshole silly you know. Wouldn't you there's a list just beat the pulp the out of his post. WQAM hello. Yeah happy new year and happy new year to you sir. The Michael Jackson interview you were talking about that's got a bunch of ops in it for your shows that you won't even need to go anywhere else for another drop there's so many good did you hear that if you were to have my gloves? So that's a week ago yesterday. Did you mean the way he said when the guy said are you going to share about the bad because of course you can play that of course all of a sudden. Oh thank you thank you there's another amateur program director wants to tell us what to do. It's old old stale news okay it's old stuff. It's been a few minutes piece a week ago and it wasn't it was head Bradley. And while they look alike. A little bit only the shade has been changed to protect the theory uh wrinkles. Come on. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line one I guess is not working again. The dot song. No but I've got to press now it's not doing anything just like Friday. Line one is not working again you know I want to say it one more time I don't want to start getting all bent out of shape it's the fifth of January okay everybody and I mean everybody including me we had a nice long holiday a chance to recharge our batteries a chance to like our re-examine life it's all over all of that is over I thought it was over Friday and silly me uh come to find out it wasn't over Friday at all. No but now there's been another weekend now here we are it's so official today is the beginning we look at the lineup we got most of the people in place this is the way it is and yet at that place all we have is a bunch of people whining you know wandering around looking for a reason to be there like muffer example comes in this morning for about four seconds how about clearance or muff gets somebody one of our vast engineering staff online once we get at least a phone's working for the new year would be nice that could be your new year's resolution clearance is do something that would be nice now speaking of doing something yeah there had to be a whole different bunch of reasons why those British air flight 223 not third man we were a cancelled uh the one that I find most fascinating is from the mirror UK it says a British airways flight to Washington was cancelled at the last minute yesterday and I'll see this was January the third which is seven that's the one on Friday on Friday after an intelligence tip off that a woman suicide bomber planned to blow up the plan over the west capital have you heard anything about this prior to the story no not that's told me this morning okay it was the third day running that a major security skier at hit the afternoon flight 223 service from heatfield of Washington they were also saying that the facility British air pilots were refusing to fly with the arm of the sky marshals on the plane so there's a hundred different way I like this one the best though US security services told Scotland you are the woman almost certainly linked to alcada intended to hide eight to twelve ounces of plastic explosive in her vagina nothing could be fine of the district some in your vagina she would then go to the toilet during the Boeing 747 flight removed the material and detonated blast that would down the aircraft a senior Scotland your outsourced hold a daily mirror smuggling a bomb onto a plane by this method is one of our worst nightmares if you don't have specific information about the suspect it would be impossible to carry out an intimate body search of every female passenger but just the book and ones yeah yeah in addition to which like I said you this morning uh that is only a part of the small small part so to speak of the problem because how about the male passengers got hiding there right there some other orifice but that just doesn't make any sense to me because if they're just going to blow up the planes in mid air I mean you know that would have a certain impact but that's evidently not what they want to do they want to take over the planes and use them as flying bombs again so see so there you go believe whichever story suits your fancy okay whichever when you find most exciting like the one about the explosive vagina 10 27 in fact if you put that one together with the Britney story and you know you I think then you got something if you got something wrong with your car here's the place to take it EF tarot otter repair you'll find them at 583 north federal highway just to mile and a half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pompeo Beach and EF tarot otter repair experience the different that experience makes all the EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians in other words they know their stuff they're curved with all the layers technology and most of these guys have owned the EF team for almost 20 years the EF team is over 200 combined years of experience so to make a long story show they know their stuff but no job is too big or too small at EF from a blown fused will blow engine from a 73 to edit to what oh four Bentley EF powered out of repair do it all all their jobs are meticulously double check for accuracy by the shop foreman air v car is cleaned upon completion of the EF on his most extended warranty is not as you wide away service and most repairs too EF tarot otter repair that address again is 583 north federal highway in Palpatore Beach called 954 4269926 that's 954 4269926 when you call them be sure to ask about their 90 days same as cash no interest credit card EF tarot otter repair nationally recognizes one the most successful automotive repair facilities anywhere in the Atari USA and EF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business and there she live the simple life with her friend Nicole with a dunkler here and a dunkler there your club there a club getting lots of yup yups parents he'll have farm he i i parents helped me to take he i i i oh and his tape was really hot he i i oh with a download here and a lawsuit there see it once he twice she's not a nightlife parent's help to make it take he i i oh parents helped him had a farm and a reality show it's funny all the things she'll do while the camera's roll and if she's still dumb i wonder how come she's paid every day when she rolls in the hate fairies helped him had a farm he i i oh 1032 how about the car says somebody on a fact machine overrated when he's an asshole so let's put him on there okay was just on there were all that new years of crap again good thing about him is that he all those years that he managed to look so young and now he really caught up with the men and some now he looks about 95 right which were delighted about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line w q a m a jord yeah i do but the story in the mirror is he kind of funny how you know who this is this is chronic joe hey real but you know joe go wait Joe can you believe that did you hear that what we had to dump him or he said if you yes he did that's right but i said new year's reading uh chronic joe who was calling in breathlessly to talk to you with it that is the he is the ultimate chronic caller from from before i came to town how many years ago about thirty man your chronic man all have to do is hear your voice nobody wants the or chronic's including me joe so i guess they never heard the even the beginning of the call when he thought it was you so not only are you chronic but you're stupid because we're doing screenless and we've been doing screenless for weeks now and i quite know that right i chronic out of no these things and what is it that he was going to tell you about the story and and then what so this is the about that story in the mirror blah blah who knows yeah what about it hahaha the hot guess will never know that ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha a joke all way okay i would not go to say don't go way mad go way and go way mad you loser the ultimate chronic call calls every one of the sports show talk shows man he is just and he's got that really really annoying voice you heard that voice sure 74 of hoots who's the most overrated major celebrity of all time offers god look what offers god the third man all right James Dean 13 Barbara Streisand 13, Cida Cruz has got 9, I don't be picking on Cida we're gonna lose the last few Cuban collar listeners that we got. God, third of me! So we got. Frank's an opera four, Johnny Carson three, Neil Diamond two, and Dick Clark just went up. He just popped it up there. How's keeper Deniz Limbaugh Blackmail charge? I just still I'm just blown away by the fact that that was chronic Joe. Oh, I... Because I just can't believe that he would have the balls to become. I guess he was just gonna say something you off the ear. He certainly was gonna talk to me. Baby that we did. He thought he was... Huh? That must be it. WQA am chronic Joe line. Hello? Hello? Yes sir. Happy to meet you. Speaking. Neil! Yes. You need to give me some more... Of more. Up to this morning more. He said, I need this sandwich between the big dogs and the mad dog. He called you dog piss. Yeah. Good one. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I'm ready to piss about that. WQA am hello. Hello? Yes sir. Neil, I got two for you. I'm gonna go right ahead. Jerry will really do one, but because the audience is so slow, go ahead. Jerry Lewis and Jim Gary. They both suck. Jim Gary sucks? Yeah, he's got my three good news. Okay. I'm on your... Thanks a lot, Palay, you too. Have a good new year. Jerry Lewis and Jim Gary. I know. I'm not gonna make any comment. We're asking you the question and whatever your opinion is fine. Right? Right. I mean, Jim Gary is... Who are we to argue? Right. Even though we may think that your full crap. They had some old Jerry Lewis and he Martin movies on a few days ago here. Yeah. Delicate the link. And he was annoying. Yeah. There was one more hit. The little animals who was playing a veterinary or something. Do you know what that movie was? I don't know. Be sure and miss it. But anyway, he was very annoying. Dan, lady. Dan, lady came a lot more. And though I got this Facebook wall up. He was doing this telethyne. Dan, lady. Yeah. I went up the flagel and the smygel. I thought it was funny like what it was seven. Yeah, right. How's keeper? Do you know how his limp-ball blackmail charge? She don't think it's funny. This is in the inquiries so we know this has to be the MS. Rush Limbaugh's longtime drug supplier will no client is angrily denied his lawyers claim that she and her husband tried to blackmail the conservative talk show host. And let me just interject again. It sure is very, very peculiar how long it took before all of a sudden they came up with that cock-a-mae media. In fact, it was long after his rehab. The right. The right. The sudden they decided to concoct this story about all they were trying to blackmail him for $4 million. Well, the strategy team had to concoct all of these. I see. Just like the Michael Jackson thing about him getting beaten up. And is it your main to the case? We got more Michael Jackson stuff from the inquiries too. Have no fear. The inquiries here. Anyway, close on to say, will my rushes form our housekeeper spoke out as a judge in West Palm Beach dealt Limbaugh 53 a major blow by ruling that his medical records could be exempt by prosecutors as part of an ongoing criminal investigation? It was the second setback for Limbaugh in 24 hours early rush folks in for his radio network revealed that behind the scenes his attorneys were trying to work out a plea bargain on charges of doctors shopping for pain pills a former prescription fraud. As the embattled radio pundit fought to keep his medical records secret is nationally known attorney where black made the stunning claim that Wilma 42 and her husband David demanded $4 million to keep his pillolition secret. Blackmail is never crossed our minds who went to the authorities because we find the decided that was the right thing to do a shocked Wilma to the inquirer. And a attorney Ed show had told the inquirer the clients absolutely, denied any allegation of blackmail. They turned over hundreds of emails in phone recordings to the prosecutors in which Barcelona bought never once referred to being blackmail or even implied that there was any pressure being brought on him whatsoever, rather he was only interested in getting his hands on more pills. The inquirer revealed in a world exclusive story in October that in 2002 after Rush of Indeed in the talk for the second time, he sent his attorney to Wilma's home to pay her the 80 grant the od her for supplies of illegal painkillers. Four months later, Wilma told prosecutors she was called to the attorney's office, had another check or 100 grant and asked never to supply him with pills again. On both occasions the attorney demanded that she sign a promissory note to make the money look like a loan said attorney show had. He claims he's being blackmailed, he forces the supposed blackmailers to sign a promissory note doesn't make sense. Limbaugh has desperately tried to deflect attention from what he did. Onto the clients, but his own paperwork is going to refuse his allegation. Said show had. Ready for that show had. Show no. Bring it on. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Marlus line. Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time, Oprah 37. Barbara Streisand, 18 James Dean, 14 and Celia Cruz 11. Limbaugh is the most overrated major celebrity of all time. And he says he's going to make the money. Two and a row. Line nine is always my favorite line nine QAM. Here, right, this is a little ready. WQAM. Hola. Hey. Yes, sir. What's going on? How are you doing? I'm doing great. You know, good to talk to you man. You know what? Don't change a damn thing. This is good like this. Right now, this is what we want. This is the old wheel Rodgers show. Right. More on call the show. Right. You're dealing with the morons and telling them to get the hell off. It's beautiful. That's true. That's what we want man. I mixed me lap with this. This is what you're going to get a lot more in 2004. And any of these political, uh, uh, professional, top show groupie listeners who think that we're going to do like political heavy duty lightball Brady will hear. They can blurt right out their ass. You know what? I don't want to hear because you know what? I don't agree with you and a lot of the political views. This is what I've got to listen for. Well, I don't care whether you agree or not, but basically it's preaching to the choir anyway. It's off the point. I totally agree with you. 100%. Amen. You're on the right track. Keep it going. Okay. And Bush is an asshole. Uh, well, I mean, I had to get that in there. Well, huh? Just for him. Right. He's a mental defective. The president, but this guy don't agree. And that's his prerogative. He can still do that as of now. Of course, in a few months, you may not be able to, uh, you know, have a different opinion. Anyway, what do we got on here so far? We got 97 votes in about what? That's not bad. We're starting to get there. We want to see if we have any audience back there after the November trend was just suicidal for us. You people with a diaries man. You really stuck it right in our way. You're not fooling me because I know how the game works. Okay. No, how it's played. First I had maybe Mo got some of his boyfriends, including maybe Maybe chronic Joe that called me for maybe he got a couple of diaries. Oh, yeah. And he's show us true colors or what, right? What did he say? He said a few you. He said few you when he found out it was me. So he's still listening right now on this thing with Pete Rose. I am so sick and tired of hearing about freaking Pete Rose who admits finally that he gammled on baseball. The man is a scumbag. He's a scumbag, degenerate gambler asked anybody who works at any of the subfloated tracks. And they'll tell you what a scumbag he is. That's just a chronic gambler, but a scumbag. So now that he finally admits after a lion for 14 years, he finally admits, oh, yeah. And his autobiography, he gammled on baseball. Now that's good reason to let him in a hall of fame. Before I was ready to let him in a hall of fame. If we're going to come to me and ask me, should we do it? And that was going to say, oh, yes, sure. He was a great player. How to put him in a hall of shame. He's right in there with somebody else we know. If he keeps my drip. We're supposed to win you five C4. You a M. Caroline, as we go to calls for Oprah. Hello. Oprah, I was wondering, were you sexually active in college? Yeah. And I thought, whoopy was a maize. Nothing like it. Yeah, nothing like it. Chicago, hello. Hi, I hope you love the show. Thank you. Listen, I'm going to tell me it's illegal to run into a crowded buffet in Y'all Oprah. Is that true? Yeah. Who knew? Boonsboro, Maryland. Hi, Larry. My question's for you. Okay. How much do you weigh? 6463. Get out. Yeah. Houston taxes for Oprah. I'm trying to earn money for college. Do you have any suggestions? Uh, prostitute yourself. And so, yeah. Seriously? Why not? Yeah. On the streets. Okay. Okay. Oprah Winfrey. Go ladies. 1046. What a cow man. She's got 40 votes. The most overrated major celebrity of all time. Oprah 40. Barbara Streisand 22. James Dean 16. Seeing a cruise 12. Everybody else single digits. Although Dick Clark is a moving up. He's got a lot of people pick it on Dick. He's got eight out of 120 votes. You'll see man. We're going to make a comeback this year and spite of it all. It's by the Greg Reed. The radio killer. Now let's see. This one says he must be a mega major celebrity because every single break last weekend that had Darcy Horticieu. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Horne Chuck trade out commercial with a little pretty kid. This one goes on and on and I haven't even heard that. Have you heard it? No. I have no idea. The Palm Beach Travelmaker. Time about poor Darcy Horticieu. Nobody knows. He's got man count as ease. He's gone. Lionel Tates. He's going to be free next month. Poor little Lionel Tate. He sure lost a lot of weight Lionel Tate. Yes he did. And that's something. Don't get so about it Lionel. Back back to him. After coolness heals there for three years. He's going to be on next month. He's side a plead deal. He's going to be on the first place. But what an idiot from mother and an attorney. You know it. Unbelievable. Had a chance to get the same deal three years ago. Oh no. Now. Anyway, he's going to be out. I don't want to even talk about him. You're telling everybody's talking about him and his mother. Your mom. No. It's all the news. But nobody's talking about it. Oh. Well, it's not news because there ain't nothing else going on. I'll bring the fact that everybody's peeing in their pants. And how come it is now? I'm going to say the same thing I said on Friday. Although why don't I get that last guy. I'll bring out a shape. But if we're supposedly so safe now because we captured Sodom. And if the Iraq attack was to make the world safer from terrorists, which they changed their tune on that. Just like Dr. Racken's has changed in his tune. Then how come everybody's crapping in their pants now? About flying. I flew back from Amsterdam last week. I wasn't crapping in my pants or even in the crapper. I just held it very nicely for a whole eight hours. I'm not going to get it. And then the birds are saying, Oh, well, this is only the beginning. Air traffic is going to be like this for years now. Based on what? Based on the orange alert? Based on nothing could be fine of an abominier vagina? I mean, I don't get it. Right? It's the bomb, baby. Racken. Yeah. I've dropped a few bombs in my time. Let's pay that. But bombs. Fum sure is how I can tell them that at the airport. Never seen my ass again. No, just not a good thing to say. You know, like if this, you're going to the store to say, Oh, can you tell me where the rest room is on this plane? I need to drop a couple of bombs. Not a good idea. But we put in those terms. Okay. I'm going to explode. Oh, not a good thing to say. So be very careful, kindling whiskedly with the flight attendants on your next flight. Okay. Because otherwise they might have to drop your ass out of the plane. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time? Should be an endless list I would think. But again, it is the Monday after finally after the holiday. So you can be sure this usual Monday is bad. So today they think a lot of a lot of catch up to do. Trust me. Sure. WM. Yes, sir. See, buddy George takes please. Yeah. Yeah. WM. Hello. Yes, sir. Can you please put over this pressure in the top of that list? I hate him. Okay. I like by Elvis Crackers though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get Elvis on there. I almost put him on myself, but I figured somebody called in who hates him like poison. And there he was. And there he is. He said he's a cracker. WQAM. Hello. I think it's WC. Who is it? Who is it? It's here. It sounds like you. Yes. Are you, pal? WQAM. Hello. Hey, honey. How's it going, buddy? Pretty good, pal. Did you get a chance to speak cheaper by a dozen yet? No. Man, you got to check it out. Tom Welling. Awesome. Pick. Okay. Put it back in your pants. WQAM. Hello. Yeah, I got to talk to the employees. Speaking. Oh, God. Some of you are with us. He just went on there and he's already got a couple of votes. Thanks, Bob. Okay. No problem. In fact, he's got three votes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. No, the guy to call before is right. Lots mole in O4. That's our model. That's really good. No more to try to save the world. I mean, I got some stuff to read. Like for example, because you might actually learn something you might care about. For example, I'm putting lime a taste to run about him on my pile. Yeah, it's okay. I mean, even if they did care, it's old news already. You know, I mean, it could be wrestling with any of the kids. Maybe he's wrestling with his conscience if he had one. He's just a few brick short. Is the best way to put about him. Yeah. The whole brick house. Well, I'm just telling you. I'm a mama. Yeah. Mama. I just freak. Oh, this religion thing. I don't want to get started on that either because it just, it just makes me so angry. It makes me furious. We like the angry Neil. Oh, no, you know. No, the guy doesn't want the angry Neil. He wants the yuck, yuck, Neil. That's what he wants. Yuck, yuck. Yeah, that's right. Just like that. Anyway, Dean to make surprise visit to Iowa. See now the headline. This isn't the Boston Globe. This is unbelievable. That's the headline. Dean to make surprise visit to Iowa. Now listen to the first paragraph. Okay. How are because he's in Iowa? They had the debate yesterday, which I'm so tired of those. Oh, enough already. And enough of this, Julie, we're going to attack an Howard Dean. Hey, leave. We're going to want to put Bush in there in the first place. You asshole. You Orthodox, uh, Nebysh. They good. Great. Anyway, did you hear what I just said? Dean, did you make surprise visit? I was the headline on the Boston Globe story. Howard Dean was presidential campaign. He's already went back and he'll form a vice president, Al Gore. It's planning a surprise visit to New Hampshire tomorrow. Well, maybe I was in New Hampshire. And expectation of receiving the endorsement of the other leading Democratic contender from the 2000 race former US Senator Bill Bradley. He could share dribble at man. He's still dribbling a little bit right down his chin. Democrats in New Hampshire, other parts of the wingman have been invited to a previously unscheduled appearance by Dr. Dean and Manchester for what's being grilled as a very special breakfast, at which a surprise endorsement is in store. Dean had been scheduled to attend a pancake breakfast in Muscatine, Iowa, about the same time before participating in a candidate for him in Des Moines in the early afternoon. I do like that. So they have it a big surprise breakfast surprise. Bill Bradley's going to endorse Howard Dean for president tomorrow. Is it a surprise? Sure. What up? Let's see. Sergio says, uh, picked up this cartoon from the Spanish newspaper ABC. I'll be saying it's very indicative of what's happening to Bush in Iraq and it shows a rat with a bush push on it caught in a trap. And it shows the bait says Iraq on it and it shows the any's holding the American flag. Why do you have to see it? I guess kind of cute. But I don't like it started on that bush bashing, at least not to the new hour because we don't want to get that other guy all upset. Because like I told you before, the white males in America, they love bushman, especially when they see that picture of Brittany on the front pages of New York Post, who got married in an alderite away. How did she got there? And they can't touch these others asses. Like I'm sure he's got major asses, right? He didn't look too bad. I just saw him from a distance and I won't picture there. How come we see him from a distance? But just in kickerbell we get the pleasure of seeing over and over and over again, up close and personal. Must be a new diet. 148 votes. Elvis just went on there. He don't have any. That cracker Elvis from Tuple, oh, Mississippi. The most overrated major celebrity of all time. Oprah has got 53 Barbara Streisand 25 James D19. I'm so pleased to see the James Dean is doing well because he was the inspiration for this poll today. Made three movies. And you think that he was like, uh, Jesus. Jesus in a sports car. WWE J.D. What would Jesus drive? Maybe he drive that brand new Corvette is that the fifth or sixth generation, I think fifth. He probably drive an E car. Let's see. James D19, see that crew's 16. Frank's an opera ten and Dick Clark has got 10 single digits after that. We need a lot more names on it list. 560560 did the fixets stick his head in the durian to fix that line one. No. Well, let's get with it man. Let's get with it. The other thing, Clarence, it's about time somebody needs to kick your ass. It's a damn good thing I'm going to be there next week and just kick some real ass and add you in again. You got a bunch of people faking their way through life, faking their way. Just sliding along, grabbing a check, mone in and growing and woe is me. I'm so overworked doing what? Doing what? Making up a bunch of schedules and you guys can't be between the two of them. They can't even get that right. What else are they doing? They don't have to sit and babysit and nobody has to sit in there and, uh, hover over the dump buttons when Joe Rose is on. That's where God damn sure. Right? Right. They don't have to come in and monitor anybody's show no more and are certainly not going to monitor that early morning show because nothing's going to help that. Absolutely right. So they got like nothing to do but sit around and complain at, you know, all the other crap. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got one for your Paul. Okay. This Robin Jones. Oh, remember Jones that was him. WQAM hello. Hey Neil. Reverend Jones in a bureau. Yes sir. I'd love to put a whole blue eyes on that list. I don't think that guy could sink for Schmitt ever. He's already on there. I just got through reading results. He's got 10 votes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 180. I got one. Yeah. Brace an ultra. Yeah. I got a good one too. How about Oprah? Huh? Oh, cause no, seriously, because we even got a drop in where Larry says Oprah. Yeah, see? So how about Oprah? Let's put the Oprah on the pool. The guy's right. That guy that called before is absolutely correct. That's what the audience wants to do. They want fun and games. They don't want that nasty. I kept thinking about her and listen to her. Just a very few calls that I'll never forget as long as I live. And she's one of them. Give me a bunch of condescending crap. Well, you've decided to talk down to the lowest common denominator. It was supposed to look. You can be really such wonderful thing. Flow out your ass honey. Okay. And don't let her on to play. Not guarantee. She's got a pile in there. 1056 and 560 WQM. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need. The only one mortgage from the financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau fee. Zero discounted points. Get the new low interest rate of just 1.25%. A $100,000 loan means your payments are only $234 bucks a month. If you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are a low low 608 a month incredible. Don't forget once you be finance or get your new home mortgage from financial group. You'll never ever pay closing cost again. So column today toll free until the Todd Dreck. To lead you call 1-800-940-LAND. Get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to your next property without any further cost of expense. Zero underwriting fee. Zero dot fee. Zero closing cost even when you moved to another property. So get that new low financing rate of just 1.25%. It's the only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1-800-940-LAND for the tails. That's 1-800-940-LAND. And never ever never pay closing cost again. Financial group is 1-800-940-LAND. They're an equal housing lender. Restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly. 4.21 APR. 4. 5. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 9. 8. 9. 9. 9. 7. 6. 6. 8. 8. 9. 8. 8. 9. 9. 7. on this Ann Murray standard. The best of head-a-dian singing, other head-a-dians has all your favorite singers from Z2, A, like Celine Dion's rendition of this new young number. Oh, man, look at my life. You're a love like my old spring runnin'. Neal Yarn singing Celine Dion's biggest hit. I know that my heart of gold will go. But that's not all. There's Shania Twain singing Brian Adams. Crash test dummies doing the lattice more or set. Snow wrapping the guess who. And Gordon White foot performing this Baranaked Lady Smash hit. Keep up your copy of the best of Canadian singing other Canadians. The great white north has never been so great. Or for that matter. So white. It's 11.02 at 5.60. Nobody can ever speak in a rush. How about that little conch of time so vernier's I in Naples no less? It's not. What's nitty Naples? I never heard of it. What kind of planet are you living on? Naples slower than I'm just breaking out right now. That's how I was stolen a little bit. It's an old story. It's from days ago. The lead guitarist for the rock band Rush skirmished with Sheriff's deputy, spat blood on one and was arrested in New Year's Eve. After a sin refused to leave the stage at a fancy hotel authorities be sand. Never heard of it. Deputy said they had to use a stun gun on 50-year-old Alex Zivoginovich, no non-stage is Alex Lyson for what they described as a drunken violent behavior at the Naples Ritz Carlton Hotel, fancy fancy. Zivoginovich was released from Carter County, jail Friday afternoon. Also, he was arrested for a son Justin 33 and a son's wife Michelle 30. How old is she? Stop, dirty man. Jerry Burry. And attorney representing the Zin-Ginivovich is they just want to keep putting it in her million times because they know I'm going to try to write it. Decline comment and refer to all calls to SRO management in Toronto, a telephone message left with SRO was not returned on Friday. Justin said, deputy's broke his father's nose. Well, you know, they had to picture him with a blood all over shirt and crap. He's all pissed off and fired up. So there you go. What is this other crap? Howard Dean is my overwhelming choice for presents as this fact. Somehow I don't feel warm and fuzzy when he or the media refers to him as Dr. Dynagria said, I'm Friday. I think it's time to abandon the title as he plays up practicing while in the office. I don't think he uses the title himself. I think it's just the assholes in the media. Oh, these moderate, no, actually the moderator in the debate is they called him governor Dean, which is correct. Good five time governor of Vermont. Anyway, Jason, oh, here's an excellent one. Really? If we keep pushing this long enough, Jerry Seinfeld. Oh, yeah, he just makes my skin crawl. He makes kudis leave my body. They just, if I see the picture, they just go flying away. He still is famous based on a mediocre show that's been syndication for years. Although not major celebrities, the health and statistics have been famous for absolutely nothing. They're ugly, bonny, skanky and countless go away already says Jay. Good point, Jay. Excellent. Yeah. And I don't know what's so erotic about a skinny, nasty, skanky bitch. What could possibly be? So that makes it an erotic tape because he's got money. For women, it does. I see. But guys got a lot of money. 182 votes on a poll today. Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time? From the bottom up, Elvis Neil Diamond and Johnny Carson three of piece Jim carries got seven. I find that to be sacralidious. Yeah. No, don't you find it a little odd. I mean, he might be wearing a little thin. Right. He's a little bit pretty crappy movies, but he's most overrated. Right. He's a little stubborn. He at least he's done some good stuff. Yes. Jerry Lewis seven. Hey, ladies. Got some votes. The Clark twelfth Frank Sinatra old blue eyes has got 12. Let's put Frank Sinatra on the poll. He's got 12 votes. CDacruz has got 20. All right. Vainting. Oh. It seems the 26th Barbara Streisand cross eyed bitch 29 and Oprah is got 60. She's leading the pack man. She's gone. She has gone down the close the barn door. The cow is out. Maybe the votes will equal her weight by the time. The Oprah is the Mad Cow. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Is she a black angus then? Back to him, Enis. Don't you remember that chin? There's nothing on business, are they? Black angus? The steak restaurant. Are they still around? Nothing. I know. No. But I can't. Come on. Come on. Yeah. That wasn't me on the radio or radio. That was. If I Steve Nichol said that was his favorite was the old black angus. Remember that? Yes, I do. WQM. Hello. Hey, what's up? How you doing, sir? Good. Good. I want the one of the list. Go right ahead. How about Dr. Fu? Dr. Phil's a good choice. I don't think he's going to catch. Listen, I've been saying that cruis was returning in a gray right about now. You mean like turning into a real woman? She's saying he had a tune like Dr. Vass. She's singing and doing too. Like Dr. Vass. That's Bots coming up in a couple of minutes. By the way, all your friends. I've really had a piece of copy that inspired me as much as the new copy for Balance for Life where it talks about Dr. Rack. Even Dr. Rack is changing his tune. I don't try. I've ever promoted a commercial with a dead man. In fact, his tune for a few months there was like, and I was like, he's changing his tune in the box. It's old Dr. Bob in the box. He was, I don't want to say. I mean, he has helped a lot of people. He finally once he croaked and they said, oh, you know what? His diet really works. In fact, that's all you hear everywhere in the world in Europe. The same thing that's all they're talking about is the anthocans that nothing is in the box. So they had that little slip and fall. Oops. Well, whatever you do is speak of the slip and fall. Don't be going on to play and after ethos, what are those anthocans? What energy not energy? What's the name of those bars advantage? Advantage bars. No, that's the other one. That's the other one. Wow. Wow. So, I'm going to keep running to the toilet man. After about 40 or 50 of the time, they're going to start suspecting something's going on. Like you're pulling some thought you asked beside that. I'm telling you, oh my god, those things have got so much of that multitool and sorbitol and crap at all. It's just unbelievable. And like you said, the people at survived Dr. Bob, they've turned the whole enterprise strictly into like money, making like Ron Popeil. And speaking, Ron Popeil. We got to get him on again someday for a couple of months on the phone. Okay, maybe he'll send each one of us one of those. The new, they'll big and improve the rotisserie, whatever they call those. I'm still waiting for my pocket fishery man. Oh, no, no, I'm serious. Those things are good. This is the first good invention. He is milking that they've been doing it for three years. He said, they've sold five million of those. Now do the math. Okay. Now I can't do that. No, if he, if he made just individually, if he made like five bucks a piece, I even two bucks. That's 10 million. Just off that one invention. And you know what's got to be more than that? You stop at that point and go spend some of it. I'm sure he's have, well, you know, they take the infomercial and then you don't, he probably hasn't worked again for six months. That's good point. And if it's not the best machine you ever bought for your kitchen. The A secret weapon against Michael Jackson. This is also in the inquiry. Seattle read like a lot of a crap like anything from the hero to the son's sentinel. Because most of it is crap. Who could ever believe it? But if it's in the inquiry, I do believe it. In fact, that's about the only thing I got to say. I will hand it to Mr. Ego who's a total waste of space piece of crap. But years ago, I used to make fun of him because he'd read from the inquiry on the early. So that was the only publication you could really trust. And I'd say, what a moron you are Steve. And I have to tip my little a fedora to him now. You know what? Even though he's a real scumbag. How many kids has he got this way? He's got a man. And he's got like mix and match. He's got some white kids and black kids and Chinese kids and purple kids and Indian kids. He have a subscription. Yeah, like Columbia House. He has a prescription. In fact, versus getting them some new ones. New kids. DA secret weapon against Michael Jackson prosecutors have a secret weapon in their case charging Michael Jackson molesting a boy. Two other alleged victims who could help put the king of pop behind bars. What's more? A secret police file containing photographs that he or tapes another item see from Jackson in connection with earlier molestation claims could now come back to hot him. In this trial, the DA will want to show a pattern of abuse and a pattern of similar behavior by Jackson police or fully inquire. That's where the earlier evidence will come into play. In 93, the Santa Barbara County DA's office launched the 13 month proven convene a grand jury to look into sexual abuse and accusations brought against sex by a 13 year old boy. Jackson wasn't charged in the criminal case because he paid the boy in his family $15 million to drop their civil lawsuit brought up the same time by the accuser. And of course that was back in those days when his family wasn't quite so tight when it weren't so desperate to stay on a gravy train. What do you were saying things like that? That damn fact and I can't stand it. You go girl. A 30 say that we're dropping criminal charges because the boy wouldn't agree to testify against Jackson in court. But since then, California laws have changed. Now Santa Barbara DA Thomas Stanton who tried to prosecute Jackson a decade ago can force the 93 accuser to testify against Jackson in the new case. Are you ready for that? No. In addition, a second boy who said he was sexually molested by Jackson then left the country as we turned and he could testify too. We sing in that parliament song. I want to testify. Boy, sure love that song. Don't you? It's okay. You're in like it? I like it part. I love it. Pound a California criminal defense attorney Steve Cron who was not involved in the Jackson case but is following it closely. Toldy and Quirre. Assuming that Stanton knows where the first alleged victim is and he believes that kid now an adult he can definitely call him as a witness and make him testify against Jackson but he wants to or not. The fact that Michael may have paid the kid off in a both sign on disclosure agreements does not mean for a minute the boy can ever talk about it. It's true we can't give interviews to the press about it. He can't talk in a civil suit about it but it cannot shield him now from testify in a criminal action when subpoenaed. Sniper than any judge will tell the boy if he's ordered testify that the gag ordered does not hold. Month before the 92 scandal broke, the inquiry first reported the Storov Jackson's bizarre relationship with the young boy. He was on and on about that and the audience and his world has turned upside down since the new charges against Michael arose. He had been trying to live out a quiet life out of the spotlight, moved to New York City from California and remains single. Because of the multimillion dollar settlement he has not had to work in their and he lives comfortably. He thought he never had to testify but now that the lawsuits are different and new accusers involved he's fearful he'll be brought back into court. But he's not a liar and if asked he'll tell the same story he told back then that he was molested. And then somewhere in here goes out about the second kid. So there he go. They're going to like nail his ass to the wall. It's part of that slime ball mark. Gary goes man. I just he just makes me ill and yeah little later on I don't want to like over you know bury the audience with Michael Jackson stuff. But please seriously this is from the examiner which I think is slightly less credible but nevertheless. DNN this ties it with the story had a couple weeks ago. DNA tests for Jacko's kids. It's discovered that Michael's been lying about being the kids real father. Prosecutors will dig even deeper to find out what else he's been hiding. You know it's your deal about if you lie about one thing just like how stupid it was to make up the story about being brutalized by the police. Yeah because when it's obvious to anybody with a half a brain who isn't one of your sick of fans that you're lying to your teeth about that then it's probably your luck you're lying about everything else. It's like if Greg we tells you what day the week it is you probably figure we's making enough because he lies so much. I'm saying I say called no credibility is what it's called by the way Greg thanks for screwing up our lives. How many votes we are going to be watching this pull 211. You know we need today what we need 700 by two o'clock or George is doing the show the rest of the week. What? Hey why you on vacation Josh can testify that this week had died didn't we go over 800 one day to go out we're on the air one of our nine. Do we? Yeah. One day we went over 800 one day we over 900 and the reason we had such a tremendous responses because the audience knew you weren't there that's right. Well but I find works even better is if we threaten to put you on air then huh then they then they steal the people's computers so they can vote again. Me too. 211 votes we need 700 by two o'clock on it's a taller to ride myth that we even do it. Here's a great piece of copy. Are you ready for your new year's resolution? Well balanced for life has got us for you it's the convenient affordable weight loss and need healthy gourmet meal delivery service that we've been talking about for a long time now. Katrina's lost 15 pounds on a by the way she's doing great nice going girl. To visit he right to tear to cook tonight no time for shopping hey to in the dishes tear that afternoon drowsiness no time for the gym balance for life is your answer. They combine the knowledge of zone based nutrition with special emphasis on the glycemic values of your carbohydrate rates and deliver right your door three hormonally balanced gourmet meals two delicious nights even the sixty-nine's bottle water right your door step by six o'clock every morning in your little black sack and now it seems the famous doctor rackens maybe changing his tune. These changing is still. Listen can you hear him? I hear. In his new book aged to find die revolution he speaks exclusively about zone based principle such as the glycemic index being a useful tool for selecting foods eating at least three full meals a day essential for keeping your blood sugar steady and if I read this whole thing it'll be a ten minute spot and the list goes on. So get with the real controlled improvement weight loss in eat healthy lifestyle they even let you choose between two alternatives for each meal if we did a turn of program no shopping no cooking nothing else to choose but filling out that menu once a week and the on-step dietitimal can solve with you weekly to guarantee your success. So if you're tired of being fat if you made that new years resolution lose weight here's the way to do it called balance for life two day and start losing weight on at scale right away call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on the web and balance for life dot com lie and local we're sports radio five sixty two a a m Oh even though the x-wife record producer full-spector said nothing but me hateful things for the past twenty nine years the former run that has apparently changed her whoo child I mean to tell you this is a good man even though I feel kept me locked up in the basement and fed me nothing but race and sour skills if I got maim even though he beat me what if an inch of my life when it's just here like canvas hot hot convert me good that's a good man I don't believe he can't let anybody at least not wait on purpose by the way I'd be a parent at a late childhood with him on New Year day in a lobby from three to five obviously being a be my baby be my little baby who child I still got the pipes it's a charity show to benefit me and of course this was for the children there's a pretty good chance my friend Eddie money may swing by the LTRI to take me home tonight oh wow I scared myself my mom is boys anyways these charges against my ex husband is fooling home for where Joey tried to kill me once but not by his own self he hired a kill man that's totally different we had a different agreement about me one of the sixty six is that a sour skills down in the basement and he flew off the hammer and hired a kill man I was bruised but not died in contusions let me say it it's failed to be a person in my am until not proven innocent by a jury of twelve people who don't like his two pay I blame parma cut nays for this incident for putting out the naked album and taking all the hard work by my ex failed leaving it off the regular down on the floor let's cuck out that's poo poo and it's relevant to the killing that he didn't do I'm a go back to my runny specters opinion is not necessarily reflect those of any right-thinking person medication during the interview provided by Bristol minor squed eleven twenty i five sixty wcum the mad dog is back from vacation to two all right and you got the hump or the allot it's four from shulestate two four to seven her coat hotline at seven from her only romance the big eight to ten tonight eighty k ten to two in jolmarco tonight two to five and a.m. so we're back to like a regular schedule would appear to me so it seems so I guess we're gonna have to like uh... lower that bar a little bit first day back six hundred four we did uh... four we get out of here we did five hundred on five five five hundred of the uh... four votes five hundred if we don't get five hundred by two o'clock votes on this poll jord no it's what i say six hundred c.a. count me in six hundred the judges working to rest of the week and i'm taking like uh... another week vacation i got a whole bunch left here's the fact that says if you tried these z-carb chocolate bars no i've not give her her back you want me to send you the five pages of propaganda to follow that fact no it says have had only the dark chocolate but they're freaking awesome no sugar and vest of all the crap at all is no multi-tall sobital no capital they're made with splendor well that sounds splendid fabulous i think that you prefer milk chocolate and i wish that i like it dark my uh... guys i like light my uh... chocolate i like dark and i haven't tried that yet it's just but it's a quantity of like the dark truck that i think are really enjoyed them i bet i could go online to find z-carb truck the bars yeah easy says here's the weird thing mentioned in the time magazine article you can find them at least a couple of flavors at seventy eleven of all places we got seven eleven here no no no i don't know seven eleven i got the dark truck that would macadini you're not in love that i'm ordering a case today i'm putting this over here in my uh... take a puke at later pile thanks mart despite of the fact that you're rip into minace who's the most overrated major celebrity of all time not just uh... one category of all time twenty-three two votes on the week side of the asmea will never make six hundred better start getting some pull ideas for the rest of your week uh... nothing i'll play bits over when three seventy five barbers dry sand thirty five changed in thirty two cia cruise twenty seven the car fifteen frankson after thirteen Jim carry eleven cherry louis is stuck on seven doctor fill five johnny Carson four Elvis four the old diamond three and jury signfields got only one i don't think that was going to give her many because he's it's another one of those state of mind things you're supposed to like signfield just like you were supposed to love mash right happy days oh no yes who said that funds i i know a time bison five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T we had one lady on there today no the suggestion for our poor no not not a one we didn't have chronic joe on there that was good and we have reverend joe's twice already just getting started w qa and hello hi yes sir got a uh... suggestion for the poll go ahead about Jesus uh... five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line he's Zeus see w qa and hello yeah i was talking to you speaking yeah how you doing today buddy alright pali not if not new to the door it's not your judge on state pali okay and special to pali play up and leave yeah get a good for us speak to me speak to me yes yeah no hey um if you are going to know what we're doing we'll call a joker or he'll back and we get some care both from mine alright five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on it how many we got now we got to get six hundred George we got over five hundred Friday when it didn't look like there was any chant we only got two forty now so you know the just do the math we got to get over three hundred by noon because then it starts slack it off a little bit when they go to lunch and they start turning over to rush two forty what i'm just i don't want to play a bunch of gossip i'm just telling you the chances of six hundred look pretty slim to me i'm putting a heavy load on the audience's shoulders today they could six hundred that we like half the people we got left listening they say a lot of great cyber cafe thanks a lot Greg nobody qm hello yes sir speaking hey uh Woody Allen Woody Allen's a fine choice when Gloria is up on and even better choice alright have a great new yearman senior vice Gloria is Stefan she can she sing no can she act did she make any sense no is she just a grandstanding bitch there you go she didn't really no i'm just i'm just saying what what was the talent lies there any talent inside that body at all she she she she's a hell of a boat operator thought to that her and her husband the boat him five six seven oh five sixty pound what's his name immediately who did they say before that because we got distracted by Gloria what he Allen and Gloria is Stefan see what he Allen to me is just like he's just neurotic you know i like some of his older movies like any hall didn't see if an artist didn't see it you want to know why because you don't like him because if he's in and i won't see it because i can't stand Woody Allen he's just he's neurotic he's like a never she's just i don't know he's just like looking at a sleeper's was funny never seen it WQM hello hello yes sir deal speaking i got one for you go ahead slice the loan slice the loan is magnificent choice have a great new year pali slice the loan see now they're getting it now they're starting to understand it absolutely right absolutely absolutely 26 past eleven at five sixty you know doctor atkins is singing a different tune did you hear that it's like wasn't that other thing about uh that bit that we're playing about roti specter singing a different tune ha ha ha ha everybody is singing a different tune and you know what grades better be to sing a different tune too come January 16 when he takes a look at the damage he's done the WQM i still don't Greg just keeps building it up and then ripping it apart building it up and then tearing it apart lunatic crazy person on the loose 26 past eleven at five sixty WQM speaking of uh meal replacements speaking of stuff that tastes good as opposed to that other crap how about interest diabetic a truly delicious meal replacement drink that just happens to me made for people living with diabetes but anybody wants to cut their sugar intake down can drink it too and enjoy it and arrest diabetic his sweetened with splendour which is made from sugar so there's no aftertaste like he with aspirateman saccharine recommended by doctors and the additions for people who can't sacrifice proper nutrition just because they happen to be in a big hurry and to arrest diabetic is a completely balanced nutritional supplement that provides all the essential vitamins and minerals needed for a healthy life plus fiber and antioxidants yet it's low unsaturated fat at low and cholesterol to in fact and rest diabetic is also gluten free electos free too and eight ounce can provides 237 calories of easily digested nutrition tried once you'll never go back to whatever else you would drink and before in fact the makers are so sure you're going to love and arrest diabetic to give away free full-size samples in vanilla and chocolate flavors to anybody who calls this tool free number one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine one eight six six thirty seven thirty nine what is it three six eight thirty seven thirty nine or faster yet order yourself samples at enterprise diabetic dot com just click on free samples tell me the essential by for the uh delicious one and get an additional special gift and you can buy it all over town now at public's wall greens efforts navaro sadanos cvs another local pharmacies to here's that tool free number to call again for your free sample one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine magnify and low this is 23oli 16 yeah The sky is in the case You can't love directly at me You cannot look in his eyes If you would do your job goes by by He'd say, when I come in a room you leave it to leave Without turning around It's no wonder they didn't last that long Just rise to love first, best when the night is up Because this boy guy is there job Another serene year to end your life Just rise to love and give you sweet dreams That you best goes your God This kind of treatment just ain't right You sliced a low Can't complain about his tail, he don't have any And you were the one to tell me about how much you liked Rocky Which just struck the crap out of me I didn't go on nothing I said it was okay It's not a great lunch You said it was one of the greatest movies of all time Okay, yeah sure Seriously, how could you say when you were that movie I enjoyed that movie And I also enjoyed first blood with that Oh no, like that Holy crap But not the other ones But not Magnolia I like Magnolia 1132 at 560 I just can't hear you anymore Dan Rather of CBS somebody says they put Dan Rather on air The most overrated okay Would we say Dan Rather is a celebrity? Rather not but we'll do it anyway Is he a celebrity? He celebrated he's a celebrity Okay I'm just asking just double-checkin. Let's get him on air Let's see we're going for 600 votes by two o'clock or George is all the rest of the shows two days you've fried it this week We got 2704. I think we got a shot Now on Friday, I thought we had no chance at all for 500 And we kind of like chicken away we back the way from that And then all of a sudden they're toward the end It's just phenomenal response Just because they were terrified But you were going to be back on again The most overrated major celebrity of all time Oprah went for 81 nobody can touch Oprah And quite frankly who the hell would want to Barbara Strasse and 42 That'd be a good poll question how much would it how much would she have to pay you for you to bone her? Ooh That'll put the bone in her nose by the way Make it into a racial threat I don't know if it's possible, see you To bone put the bone in her nose I guess there's Viagra Oprah's got 83 Barbara Strasse and 42 about a two to one margin there out of 270 James Dean 35 doing very well Jimmy Dean See the cruise 31 The Cart9 team Frank Sinatra 14 Dr. Phil who was the late additions got 13 he's human up the list Maybe we can be there with his gal pal Jim Kerry 12 Kerry Lewis nine Johnny Carson 7 Elvis Presley six Jerry Sinfield four Neil Diamond three Neil Diamond ought to be doing better than that He blows all you like Neil Diamond His old stuff like Sweet carer or line That's a red Ha, crackling rose Crackling rosey is a whole whatever that is he's a terrible I think you're that's him I don't like what bothers me the most about him is he really believes that every song he makes is like an epic classic is like a Holly, holy just just a no seriously you know what I'm seeing he's he's a hot stuff like jazz singer crap That was really nauseating Yeah, he ain't no else you'll snout to the bat Anyway Sean and Hollywood says he nominates the most unfunny person of all time Andy Kaufman He said he's about as funny as the later stages of Ebola and his minions throw around the word genius like he's the Stephen Hawking of comedy He said there's never been a movie made about Leonardo da Vinci, but they spend millions to deify this third how do you like that you turn Andy Kaufman get him on there Oh there Okay I'll tell you it's a real turn not for our list because he's not famous all the way is now he sure got a lot of publicity of it Steve or when got the out of clock at all guy. Yeah, what an asshole. I see there's another thing where you and I disagree Oh by the way, I found out something fascinating over the weekend. I can't reveal my source. Okay, you know I was talking on Friday about the fact that Miss Fudge is yanking it while his list of the show. Uh huh. Guess what he wears I think he's got he's got pink silk panties That he puts out at about a quarter to ten every morning to get ready for this show. That is head He puts it on right on his head Can't you just see it now? I'm trying not to picture it. Mm-hmm. My my my my nice going Matt Miss Fudge By the way, I hope his the nurse made significant care of him changing his diapers and changing that the sweet empty out the bag Everyone couple of hours anyway Crocodile hunter stever when step back at critics who accused him of endaging his month old son's life by holding him while I hand feeding a crocodile saying today he would even do it again What I would do differently is I would make sure there were no cameras around he told network nine's TV nationally broadcast current affair program When I was a very small boy my dad did the same for me for me not to me, but for me in fact when I was nine years old He let me jump we strain and capture our first crocodile Oops Oops what a shame he didn't have like a little incident, you know Child welfare advocates has said the TV hero when danger to son Robert and the incident Friday drunk comparisons and I thought of exactly the same thing Comparsions with pop star Michael Jackson the dangles in finaut of a hotel window and Berlin in November last year Michael Jackson has done a qualified child Dangler he's not no I hear he's held a lot of children real close to high Good point Any hands on him real tight is what I'm here In fact, that's how he likes him his real tight 5 670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line I don't care what anybody says this guy's an asshole Oh, he would have told but if he would have stumbled and fallen just like you said before this show when you were singing different tune like Dr. Rackens No People exploit little kids all the time right it's show business right carnival circus circus families The will end is an old man. He felt that he's dead, but wasn't he brave you know stuff like that that's their family right Kind of like the joh was what does the same thing WQAM hello Yes, sir Go ahead When you Noun is a fabulous choice or donkey Shane donkey chain and In fact, I think that's the winner don't you I wish I could change by vote. I think he'd go pass over like he was laying out still She was in the prone position. They Newton get him on there right away Thank you Eric by the way for putting up with us 295 votes. We're gonna have 300 well before noon. So we got a shot We got a shot which I don't know what I'm celebrating about I should be saying hey don't vote, but I don't I don't want to fix it make me work 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and I dog is back today. Stu after mission many many days But An extended vacation after really screwing off and I guess the pressure that dolphin season how does that dolphin play off picture look? Sorry Oh, that's bad. See there he goes rubbing it and that's why they hate you here Neil That's why everybody is not floating hates you because you're a patriot fan and a papay's one their last 12 and a row If it is 14 and two and because they are kicking serious ass I tell you one thing they better really further cool. So all of a sudden you see that the Denver game Josh I did 46 to 10 or something like that. I mean they just they just wiped the their ass with a man. Yeah, it was embarrassing It was unbelievable. Well Denver's not all like that anyway, of course keep in mind who used to be their quarterback. They're blind. Don't keep falling down baby 56705 16. I what came to Bob greasy do over the weekend He didn't do the orange bull game that he what came to do. Did he do the orange bull? I don't know I was present. I think he'd done it and man. He sure looked very An ankle here to me. I don't want to you know I want him anybody to misunderstand what I'm saying he looked a little lost maybe after that tough season that a sudden Brian Have with the dolphins man. Maybe that's why Bob is like doing the old Bob and we WQA and hello Neil yes sir. Yeah, I had a couple for your list Go ahead. Take more than one, but how the John Wayne John Wayne is sensational. See again the question is of all time Yeah, he's dead, but he's still pretty annoying right and I got a couple that I don't like Mick Jagger can't stand him Benstiller suck Ray Romano Wait a minute wait. Am I can't write that Benst Nick Jagger Benstiller Ray Romano yeah, we'll Smith And what did I can't stand so many people love it Jamie Lee Curtis Jamie Lee they don't come more butcher than Jamie Lee. No, they don't Next time to never had sex with a female male amen. See you Neil. Okay, and the sky looks blue to me Jamie Lee Curtis daughter of Tony Curtis aka birdie swartz. I remember he He sure had some really interesting taste Bernie Schwartz right and mother Pull me that Richie Simmons told me that right mm-hmm. He said he was a Schmidt expert something like that My time like a stupid question, but since how does she thought Lee and Jamie Lee like I'll eat your like her mom like pinky Lee Brenda Lee okay Got it Brendan Lee Brandon Lee Lee jeans 300 and two votes over 300 and so only 20 till noon a QAS This is 40 by 60 Peace a sense of well-being a sense of self-worth It comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside in Feel free and when they want He's a Mr. Law in Never want to see him wearing the cheese train that that's crazy You are I do that Do some love your own What myилось thing Team It's That's crazy. Back to Phil's stop. The retired goal. Back to Phil's stop. Just leave and take your son Jay. I think I'd like the Crocodile Guy Steaver one better. He was holding on to say Gary Coleman. Okay. Sure. Maybe McCallie Colton seven years ago. I'll look Michael. We've got to have a sit about that. I think I'd like to go. I think I'd like to go. I think I'd like to go. I think I'd like to go. I think I'd like to go. I think I'd like to go. I think I'd like to go. I've said about that. Guess who's listening George. I'm listening. Oh, wrong Howard. Howard from New Jersey who faithfully listens on the Internet. I'm listening. Thanks Howard. Absolutely. It's just got back from for Lauderdale. Look free when Wendick's in public on Nap Hill, but to know of you. Well guess what, I wasn't there. Number one or number two, I don't shop any of those places anyway. I shop in publics at the Sogras baby. That's where the good people are. I'm not knocking the other publics. When Vixie, I don't- Mmm. Yeah. What? Nothing? Anyway, it's a good choice Howard and Jersey. It says one person I've never understood who should be on your list Bill Cosby. Absolutely. Yeah, others who would get votes. Harrison Ford What is he not I think that's anti-Somantic if he has the Harrison Ford is great. Yeah Right absolutely I can't I don't Larry King now how about Larry King huh? That's reset the polls so I can re-boat Ha ha ha ha ha how could we have forgotten Larry King who's known all over the world? You know what I'm an antsy man. I'm sitting there watching the cable in my room, which is really pressing Because when I had the apartment I used to have two satellite dishes and actually could watch some really interesting stuff But when you only got the cable you got CNN BBC You got a few Dutch channels that have old English shows with the Dutch subtitles, but the English audio And and then you got National Geographic comes on there So if you want to watch you know animals eating other animals even watch that for a while, but then you kind of like start losing your appetite Which is good and after the food sucks don't go there Larry King and share I think share certainly deserves a little shine at it. Don't you? Yeah, what let's share the Thing share the net share the love with share. Oh, and I'm so glad that I just cut out of the quarter mile I'm seeing in moments ago during the break a Story that I had buried in my pile guess what it's about I give up Fan you know what the fat of city is you probably already saw it. Nope Fat of city in the US okay, let me take a couple of calls then we'll let you guess It's not you're even New York okay. WQAM Yeah, sir. How about that Actually, Koocher he's pretty Thomas Ashston Koocher Yeah I Count What do you say have a good lady Bob? Okay, Baba. Ashston Koocher Koochi Koochi Koo I'm not really sure about him you know what I mean you follow what I'm saying no, what do you mean? I'm not really sure about him five six seven. Oh five sixty let's get him on there though pound five sixty on a 18 and ten Verizon wireless line Let's build a big list because the more names we got on there George. I mean some more votes. We're gonna get right say And if we can get to 600 by two o'clock 3 27 right now We'll probably have about three fifty by noon. I think you got a shot at 600 And then of course tomorrow will be a 700 Well just keep an up an anti every day, you know, you'll pass start anti-neal anti this anti-Christine That's me WQAM I got a couple for your poll. Okay, and time maybe the number tomorrow the threshold will be six six six yes sir Actually there's three of them I don't know Patrick's way deep. I don't think the mention yet he ought to leave yes Sandra Bullock The girl me know Sandra Bullock I know where well-work Who is the second one pen? Oh can't or he's right? He ought to read Patrick's way he's in Sandra Bullock those are the three that I have 23 and bad thanks a lot Don't don't don't I'm not hanging up on you my finger is in a different place Well the thing is that you know, I've been listening for years and years and years and years and a one thing I cannot stand is that what people call up The first in the ask is how you're doing right people would just stop asking you how you're doing I don't not only that what will happen is they'll they'll say How you doing and I'll say okay, and they'll say is this Neil? I'll say yeah. Oh, how you doing? You know like and I'll say that It's just as well as it was doing two seconds ago when you asked me the first time you asked so Exactly, and it's twisted about it's wasted 2600 hours of my listening time for their stupidity, but one other thing I just want to say My pet went in and the MP came out of those dayy foot pit That's it. Okay, and how you doing? What did he say? I had always hoping you could just pet went in and MVP it came out of most valuable pet Okay, he was doing so good until then too, you know Good list all of Sandra Bullock. I take exception about that. I like her. I like her too She can be a little bit too cute. See at times. I do understand that But I think that guy would probably he grabbed her in a second if he could I could beat him to her right now. She's cute But she's a little sometimes a little bit too cute. See depending on her role. She's got she was very good in that movie with Then uh-offlock she was good in that what was that movie? Forces of nature. No, that wasn't it Forces of nature was that the name of it really what would better not ever side would been offlock Anyway, she's cute Canterra Reeves and Patrick Swaezy. I would agree especially Patrick Swaezy With her with a was a dirty dancing or foot loose dirty dancing Foot loose was Kevin Baker who was in that little bit. She always gets those people confused They're like Kevin Bacon. He's good. Yes, he is and he used to be on padding light by the way speaking of guiding light I just I'm sorry. I can't I can't follow that anymore. It's getting a little bit too esoteric for me and passions man passions isn't going anywhere It isn't going anywhere between even Julian and Julian and even and Nothing's happening Aren't you getting a little bit burnt out on it? Oh yeah, I'll let sure it and still looks pretty good. You still have to see Sheridan I saw and she thought I'll take her okay when you ought to be a little more excited about her than that She's she's extra hot. She's she makes great. She makes great look like Oprah okay now. I'm serious Sheridan to me whatever the I don't know what her name is the actress the pleasure on passions but she's just I mean If you like built a woman Yeah, you know what I'm saying I keep trying all of the parts I'm not talking about dressing up Your good friend PR Ralph says oh yeah, when's the draft party It's an April Ralph He says I hope you have an excellent year in supplies who've great entertainment like always well guess what Ralph the price is right He says here's one for you list Howard Davis morning host Well first of all he's not a major celebrity number one and secondly, that's a cute name Howard Davis It says don't mention that often definitely under any circumstances big blue me shegan or roseball in the same It sends cuz mad dog will be upset yeah music and got there clock clean too pretty bad who beat them up Josh USC You know that's right it was USC it was the roseball all man. I watched a lot of that game because I sure like that you will see quarterback But man, oh man, did they get their asses kick their what I loved it? I'd be pretty embarrassed mad dog have a my team get their asses kick like that although Michigan state cut beaten some Amin was so game, but we don't we don't get all bent out of shape about like me shegan But Michigan's like a religion And as far as the offense is all how is their playoff season know what are their playoff picture shape and up as anyway fantasy in America guess what? I Well keep going what is it Chicago no that they don't live long enough to get fans should cover they keep getting murdered. Oh here by the way I had the official total we discussed it on Friday Should cargo had the highest number of murders last year in the US 599 Toronto had 65 I got the it was in yesterday's newspaper here 65 and again the one guys trying to say Chicago is twice the population the metro area Not quite like 9 million to 5 million but almost twice okay, so your double 65 you got 130 compared to 599 Got it got it so Chicago is that the most murders but not the most fat people okay guess again Oh West Paul beach Come on get serious Big city like any no, okay, we'll continue and I will just keep going on until you guess it and you don't be looking it up Don't be checking it out. Don't be cheating on it. I will the most overrated major celebrity of all time is Oprah so far she's got 99 that big tub of crap Got a billion dollars and never and she's got the oh man I'm jealous not just a money part sure I like to have the money but the influence the power that she has over those simple And women She makes she puts rush to shame, you know, oh, yeah, I mean he's got the ditto heads and now listen Oh, whatever you say rush love them But she if she says part they bent over man You can smell it all over the country Oh, there's that asshole with a kid Yeah, drop drop the little oops there goes maybe just trying to get rid of it Maybe it was an unwanted baby George everything good Yeah, little brackets though no crops and that no alligators Oprah win free 99 Barbara stri-Syenne cross-eyed bitch With a big mouth 52 James Dean 36. I like that a lot. I'm am ecstatic. I never thought you do that well seeing a cruise 34 she's right on James Dean's ass and he's probably like an ad Dr. Filmer cushy's got a big strap on Dr. Filmer brought 25 dick Clark 19 How do you like that they've turned on dick Frankson after the 16 Jim Curry 12 Jerry low as his time with Elvis Presley at 10 Johnny Carson H. Your signfeld seven Neil time and three way Newton three all all see there probably a lot of people like us which we could change your vote John Wayne three Andy Kaufman two Woody Allen two Larry King's got a pair Dan Radar one Bill Cosby one Gloria Stephons got one Ashden Cootiers got one and no votes yet For Mick Jagger Ben Stiller Ray Romano will Smith Jimmy Curtis share sliced alone Patrick Slyzy can't erase our Sandra Bullock out of 349. It's just about noon We got 309 votes. What's your or take? We'll do it. Although the 600. Yes Hey here's a great idea for instead of standing in a kitchen getting all worked up over hot So one of their friends at the Emerald Coast the world's number one Asian buffet restaurant Do all the cooking for you. Start out your mouth watering eating experience with any one or two or three or all six different kind of great And then sampled dozens of suck of the non praise like New York strip made order in the sizzling Asian grill along with a brand new seafood St. Jock and joy oysters on a half shell every night and if that's on enough The tri-the-alaskan stone crab middle-like clams jumbo shrimp scampy and now for the first time Steamed main lobster on a weekends at the Emerald Coast if you still have room try the handcar primary But in the new Thai specialties the Emerald Coast don't forget. I'll never give you headache because they don't use any crap And they're cooking they cook only with cholesterol free oils no MSG no corn starch only the best ingredients go anywhere The buffet features a full salad bar the new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and Because they figure if you've got a big big perfect like a lot of people that come in there You might have room for dessert left over too. So they feature a full dessert station Featuring bells and waffles pies cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit By the way speaking of ice cream. I'm hooked on that debent in Jerry's coffee topic crunch at a time Remember that the sparks you got to call me in that one day couple months ago. He was your right pal It's a disease man coffee topic crunch Ben and Jerry's anyway Three Emerald Coast locations for you. They're in sunrise pine I'll let a 44th Street They're on Collins Avenue just north of prestigious 163rd Street in North Miami Beach And you'll find them at the intersection of the Mingle and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines So take the whole family or book in our business lunch and right now and let our friends at the Emerald Coast do all the cooking for you Take out an delivery available to call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two for the original the best in the University Emerald Coast Chinese buffet This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q eight I'm looking to change If you're alive, we are stuff is we're ranging We're ranging Well, bigs just cars will tie you to We'll give you and And this and bobs that's on a change We can't do to make a brand new view Dr. Moe Hey, I'd be a holiday I'm Dr. Longing lookable And I am a pretty good Not real bad Project shirt there's nothing I can't over you I can staple like you know Can't get four I'm the best guy you'll ever see Press them running out on a day special Don't come in and let me know where you're all running This not a change that you can't do to make a brand new view That's a boob Come on and see me Dr. Longing lookable Let me introduce you to one of my happy clients Hello Bobby Hello Bobby Oh, that's right. We did a little jar reconstructed on Bobby how's it going You look a little said Can you open it all in the open at all man? Not at all That's perfect You look great Oh, no, let's go proud from your own You're a real cool Yeah, well done I've got a base Oh, yeah, sure it's painful and it hurts like hell When you come to your college Screaming yells But everything you don't try It's too much You're boobin' Good news next year I'm getting a license All right Come on to a five-sixth EWQM We got here in 1974 votes on Are you got a shot at six hundred by two o'clock? And any second now We're gonna be seeing the color images from Mars Oh, Brad You're excited about that? Sure So everybody who's listening just look at your little speaker there at your radio and as soon as we get in for you We're gonna flash it and the pictures too Oh look at his Kimball in for Hank who's voisi and shot his voice and shot his voice and shot From what Anybody's guess like a learn-jai is called he's seeing the doctor about it He's seeing the doctor again The load is at the doctor's office Hey Hank you better lose an ounce or two before I get back I'm gonna be inspected it God last time I was there I was just it's heartbreaking you know what yeah, I'm gonna talk either because I like ballooned up He's last a couple of days. Oh, we can yeah 95 oh no Did you hear that? I heard it. I thought I whispered real low 95. Oh God Well even Dr. Rackens is singing me a different tune these days A lot of barrel sure fat fan he was singing Let's see here's the fact how fit we are really a dope man sleeve off Bob hope the words the most over but it's good give everybody Also head start him and way Newton give every and and keep in mind see Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time right catch what I'm saying? Of course it's an age thing If you're not an old-time or like me you don't remember like Who's somebody like ancient Rudolph Valentino? You know something that's exactly who I was thinking of oh my god We've been working together too long and that's exactly who I was thinking of that queen Humoried all those bulldogs Paul and I know what a coincidence every day of woman He married was a diet. That was just a coincidence. Yeah, but anyway Valentino Well, though did you ever see any of his movies sure the one the machine one? Yeah, that's all that right I saw that the what the house that I'm in the place that the Eastern House and why was I really happy to be a movie Huh the beeshoe back no no. Oh, what are the hell of this? So that is it in years ago and of course it's hard to tell if somebody's a great actor would like Some movies that's no right that's what we're not speaking right But I know nobody would know from him now anyway, so we're not gonna put him on it But it's gotta be somebody ancient like who was very highly overrated like But the problem is that most of the actors and actresses from those days We're great right most like Bella Lagosi That's right. How's Martin Landau doing he's still under would Larry talking about Jeanie Freaking fun. Long cheney was great long cheney junior was great little on the hairy side, but he was good nevertheless Shylock homes What does his name was it? Night or something. No, Nigel Bruce played Dr. Watson. That's Razzled bath ball. I used to calm Basil Rathball was a great actor. He was a lot of good movies, but they were all great actors Now you got so much crap Yeah, first of the TV people like Oprah The most overrated major celebrity of all time Oprah's kicking ass man that big fat disgusting bitch is got one oh six Barbara Streisand 57 a solid second James D in 37 C. That cruises crawling up on Jimmy's ass with 36 Dr. Phil 29 Dick Clark 20 Snotter 16 Jim Curry 12 Elvis 11 Elvis is clever of Jerry Lewis's got 10 Everybody else in single digits. Okay next guest is on the Fatty City in America Seattle no Keep going Las Vegas. I'll give you a clue a lot of dark people there Detroit all right Now that must just be a coincidence, huh? What do they call it? No town Because Moe was once there. I'm just moving a ball game doing a batsy ball game A lot of dark folks played an acting too This city judge the nation's status for the past three years is starting to look thinner Houston Texas But only when it's measured against Detroit Houston second Men's fitness magazine in the script where it issue do out this month I was got the 25 and I see they don't have the whole list that's what pisses me off and I tried to find it I'm on a couldn't find the whole I guess I have to buy this stupid magazine and of course if you buy men's fitness magazine You know what that means don't you sure The scales tippy trots way because of a jump and TV viewing a worsening commute time and a scarcity of gyms the magazine said I guess they're leaving out the fried chicken factor Houston officials were pleased all of the six annual survey meter clear They could still lose to stand more than just a few pounds We were ecstatic not to be the fastest fatacity against in Lila Brada a former minister Universe who was named Houston's fitness czar their first ever in 2002 12 of Detroit's designation Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick venture next Planation our city is the automotive capital of the world he told TV station W XYZ the culture here is you walk out of your house You get in your car or you think of us and you go where you're going now. How different is that from South Florida? Not listen again right you walk out of your house You get in your car and you take a bus or go where you're going the difference being of course in South Florida is that you've got the beaches And you got people who actually played golf a little bit maybe a little bit tennis you got the people swim things like that Even though we do have enormous numbers of tubby fat pieces of crap like me and the beast and many others Kilpatrick a former colleague a college offensive lineman with about 300 pounds on a six four frames said he lead by example To encourage Detroit residents to lose weight. He plans to run a marathon in a coming year. Let's see here the other at hot 10 Dallas San Antonio for worth Arlington Chicago, Philadelphia, Cleveland and Columbus Texas has like five of them yeah Fat there fat there. Let's see one Houston Dallas three four yeah five Fabulous top 10 are were Texas nice grouping Or maybe they're eaten too much of that Texas meat, you know the Texican Fair Texmaks yeah on a separate left and of course keep in mind now who's in the Texas But you're the bush family and the bush family and the beenors anything with the bee what a nice actually any more Yahoo's now separate list ranking the finished cities get it only has number one. This was number you'll never guess New York. Let me give you a clue. Aloha. Oh really kind of Lulu who won the Lulu number one in fitness. Oh, yeah I guess they weren't counting those big what do they call the Japanese like the same you're I guys the the sumo wrestlers. Yeah Because there's a lot of people like that in Hawaii too, but they're I mean they're the small exception But there are many of those kind of like really What are they the Polynesian people right all up exactly? But the other people their board of beaches in Hawaii are just oh Don't beaches there. Now beaches that most beautiful I guess they didn't count seeded crews when they were taken to effect Miami 5 6705 60 because she not only couldn't sing she not only had a gorilla face but boy was she Cow huh she wasn't always from those pictures I used to get beat with Yeah, she was not always a fat cow right She was slim and trim and fact maybe she wasn't fat at all. Maybe it was just that dress she was wearing We'll take your word for it sweetheart Pat Robertson says God tells me it's bushing a blow out. Oh Yeah Pat Robertson said Friday that God told him president emotionally reelected in a landslide Jesus Christ In fact is now what somebody we love said praise bush like Jesus right I think George Bush is gonna win in a walk to religious broadcast who said on the 700 club program And they virginia beach face Christian broadcasting network was he founded? I really believe I'm hearing from the Lord. It's gonna be like a blow out election in 2004. It's shaping up that way He went The Lord has just blessed him Robertson said a bush. I mean he could make terrible mistakes and come out of it It doesn't make any difference what he does good or bad God picks him up because he's a man of prayer and God's blessing him That's right as a matter of fact since God's going to elect him another republic is need to show up to vote this time That's right and all you white males out there to our bush people out there guess what? We're gonna keep your home on in fact why don't we get everybody laid on election day? That's all like huh? Okay, that's a good idea. We'll find a bunch of sluts. We'll get a bunch of cheerleaders And we'll send him around all over the place because Florida's supposedly gonna be a pivotal state again We got that on our website today. By the way speaking of our website for those of you who are like Looking at your wounds because I'm not sitting here weeding Just pontificating our after hour and I'm not gonna do that anymore I mean, you know some stuff I'll read but just not like it was before Too much but all the good stories continue to be on our website as we work feverishly along with Eric to keep you You know those people are caring up to send it very best to take a look at what's going on right? Which is the unfortunately the tiny minority of the people let me give an example on an average day If we have let let's say let's pick a number 20 bedtime stories on our website. Okay, and we have 10,000 requests for pages Assuming I understand how that works and I'm still not so sure I did that's pretend That means that there are assuming that all those people would go there would read all 20 stories Which I'm sure they might that means that 500 people are looking at it See what I'm saying I say In other words on the same day we might have a hundred and sixty 200,000 hits, but those people aren't interested in that and then those things Follow I follow so does it make sense for me to do the show Gearing it to those 500 people are interested in like no, I like ball radio of course not and I'm not not gonna Those people because I appreciate the fact that they look at what I mean it takes a lot of time to put that stuff together right right How many seconds? They take so while that does scour all of those different websites and try to find and pick and choose the stuff that you think really Thinking people ought to be taking a puke and stay away while you're doing it right 405 votes George 405 They can do it. I think you got a shot. You got two hours for another hundred ninety five vote The most overrated major celebrity of all time nobody's gonna touch Oprah. She's got a hundred and 10 Man so Torn a place we know And hey Of Who's first name begins with oh There's one thing the all under snake I'll get a won't be finished until we blow up back a stain That's a look it we could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops It's special forces are so tired I'm jumping through the moves You probably need another So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up back a stain How did I need a nuclear tank? Yeah, why don't we stop Hey man too much pussy look man I'll reason I play that you are aware because I thought of the story before the show I don't want to read too much of it. It's on our website today from rogue nuclear programs web of trails leads to Pakistan Boy The Pakistani leaders who denied for you this New York times who denied for years that scientists at the country's secret a Qcon research laboratories We're peddling advanced nuclear technology must have been avoiding their eyes from a most conspicuous piece of evidence The laboratories own sales brochure quietly circulated to aspiring nuclear weapons states and an network of nuclear middlemen around the world The cover bears an official looking seal that says government of Pakistan and a photo of the father of the Pakistani bomb Abdul Kadiya Khan It promotes components that were spin-offs from Pakistan three-bed decade-long project of a nuclear stockpile of a Mercer uranium set in the drawing that bears a striking resemblance to a mushroom cloud boy another nation such sales would be stripper controlled But Pakistan has always played by its own rules as Investigators unraveled the mysteries of North Korea and Iranian and other Libyan nuclear projects Pakistan and those in part with knowledge and technology they're now selling on their own has emerged as the intellectual and trading hub of a loose network of hidden nuclear proliferators. How do you like that? Did we the whole store and our website new rogers.com? Yeah, so like I said let's go a Pakistan let's get them before they get us quick ticking around with like Horse and buggy companies like Iraq. Yeah, but they're in our pocket Like we were firing out them RPGs from donkey carts They were I know wait a minute. Are you looking at the CNN? Oh No, no, that's not a picture though. Isn't that just a let's just say yeah, yes a simulation a back that painting right because I thought for just a second here that Mars like hermit the frog that's a sky miles old Brian was sitting there on Mars Which would be a good place for any minute. We're gonna be seeing the first pictures from Mars a man Ray Walshman and Bill Buschby are gonna be sitting up there in launch here son of himself 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Hello, yes sir. I I added questions if it's yours. No, it's Neil Neil, but you can speak to George if you want to No, actually I had a question about the website. I I read a couple of articles that were really interesting and this was on Saturday and then I went back to get the reader McHan Like it's sent into a relative right guys put all new articles up there give it even go to the archives picture I look for a for a link for that is then on the website and it where it says features Right just click on where it says features and you can scroll back and go to me pick the date And we're okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you. Bye bye. See you See there's a guy like I just said there are people who read the stuff that we got on a website There's some pretty interesting guy damn stuff on here with people You have an IQ larger than their thumbnail who don't have time like hours and hours all day to sit and Scour all over the internet, you know to see what those going on Especially people who happen to agree with our point of view if you catch my drip see what I'm saying. Oh, yeah with our comedy pinko All-for-left is point of view that we don't like fascism too much and we don't like this crap And not these that we got running the USA today. Oh, don't say that. Okay. I didn't say it I was just thinking it 113 man that Oprah is off. She's done. She's gone The most overrated major celebrity of all time Barbara stress and 59 see that Cruz has passed James Dean like he was lying down I bet she'll be singing a different tune pretty soon too 21 41 James Dean 38 Dr. Phil 31 he's zooming up that list Dick Clark Scott 20 Sonatra 16. I'll just give you the double digits Jim carry 12 Jerry Louis 11 Hey lady Uh, and Larry King's got 10. Oh Elvis just popped in there too with a dozen the dirty dozen How can they be picking on poor Elvis? It's easy You didn't like him? No I mean I understand his talent he was a performer and he innovated all of this but right I didn't like any of his songs Not one not one not Houndog no not heartbreak hotel not jailhouse rock Not I want you I need you I hate you not even in the get-o Oh I hate it that and his mobile cry You you're gonna start where is my Elvis and during the break I'm gonna get out my Elvis I am you're gonna dig him up. I'm gonna dig I if I could get dug up and we have that in here. Yeah, we do yeah All shook up that was a crappy song I will bless him a soul if at that you mentioned it. I don't think I like the end of So I bought him all as a kid because when I was a kid you had to buy all the Elvis songs, but I really can't see that I liked any of them That's been kind of quarter there must only now now I'll tell you one all right. I'll tell you an Elvis song that I actually like if I can find it and think here it is You know what not back turn the center not that at all right right Yeah return to center. That's a good karaoke song. Yeah, it was pretty good and in fact Duck probably singing it in his office right now. He's gonna do something 567560 pound 560 as line one fist yet. No come on, Duff get off your Duff God Dammit get one that you and clearance a billionaire are doing each other is all they're doing I obviously think we're joking about that stuff get off your Duff yeah and do it WCWM hello Yes, sir That's it. Okay Scott good luck to you in Chicago man 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line so the Humphor is out sick today That's not a good way to start the new year Hank he's got a scratchy throat He's going to the doctor again I sure hope he doesn't stop for lunch before the doctor you know No seriously, I'm gonna get it's in your hands. You're gonna have to be strained him for you Well somebody's got to handle him Somebody's got to put somebody has to put a leash on the Humphor man on the load before he explode You don't understand Let me tell you about my mother on what a pain in the ashes Put you for you. No, I don't want to get into ramen too. It'll be a movie She called me not once but twice yesterday about Norma Kent and her will okay Every day she's living on borrowed time and she has to have that copy of what which by the way Norma I know you're in confident and smoking a lot of bad weed But don't be sentenced stuff to her in Hallandale she lives in Hollywood. Would you want to know because you were there? You jackass this is my agent everybody in this business is syndicated there people that can't even speak They're on 200 radio stations Here I am on QAM with Greg Reed and a bunch of losers man. I'm not talking about the people on the year by the way See he's picking on the only one Absolutely, but I'm just saying generally speaking the management the crew You have to say anything 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM hello Yeah, I'm pretty good I have to for you list He's there and Dennis Miller Dennis Miller's a magnificent choice and Brittany Spears. I couldn't see her out of a paper sack All right, I'm done. Thank you. What put Brittany on there even or it'll piss off some people But let's see the question is the most overrated major celebrity right well I guess you have to look at the whole package You know what I'm saying? I would love to her saying is overrated for seeing as you can't sing for Schmidt the rest of her is But again keep it keep in mind that most of her act is and it's like in week a you could put in week a glacier Son here, but that wouldn't be fair because he looks good. You know he emotes he shows a lot of flesh He squeezes it he swings it even though it ain't much he pokes them all Right he posted a little bit 560 70560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We're gonna make 600 or not That's the pressure on George today. We got look what we got we got four four four We'll truth turn the third's in a way home Four four four four boy every time we get triple numbers like that. It sends a chill up the back of my neck Man Either that or maybe I'm thinking about lunch and I better not be thinking about all that's 195 How can I gain four pounds over the weekend? You think it was the Ben and Jerry's a binging because you came back from Amsterdam and there was no good food over there I wasn't binging all the way to have my Sunday brunch yesterday morning I did have a pint of Ben and Jerry's coffee coffee crunch. Have you ever had that? I thought toffee no nobody ever had that flavor. I speak French. I don't know don't Oh, you put it in a microwave for like 77 seconds And it's just huh already this down and it just melts down to consistency that is so creamy and so smooth It's got big chunks of toffee all the way through it And it is so god damn good. I'm gonna still Ben and Jerry's. I'm still in her ass WQAM hello Yeah, but you know speaking Yes, I great list going I like to add Howard stir Okay I'm here to talk overrated or to change my vote I was gonna say George is squeezing himself here and you say that Hey, thanks a lot, Paul. I have a great year 567 what we haven't said so far. We had a couple of other people said since it is 2004 and we need to say a lot more Hi, yeah, Paul. Haven't said that yet, but now I guess we did That's that's his ex Neighbor that calls her being a crazy person day Friedman even though he denies at a gym. We know it's you Dave Just like I think that guy that with a George tapes. I think that's your buddy Teddy but Swana No, he would never Are you know him? He's come to the parents. He's a normal. Oh, I think he's normal as far as that goes to normal It was fastest and said he wants to do you and he wants to crawl inside your body and the check out your inner is it? While I doesn't have an eye in the middle of his head Baved hair combed normal person, you know, then how come he comes to our parents? I brought Dandruff You know, yeah, I do know I have I brought Dandruff myself I do Cagently you never had I brought Dandruff No But for one strange reason, but it's only on my right eyebrow But I do I get rid of it before I go out and public all good I do I get a special comb for that I smear a little bit yeah, I comb my a brow I got to have something to comb 27 pass noon at five sixty wqm hey listen, I want to tell you right now a big night at Pompano park tonight baby Write it down on your arm like in Momento And don't miss it tonight Monday, January to five it's free spree. It didn't invite at Pompano park Let me say again free spaghetti go in there and Monsimanger no better deave on all of South Florida all you have to do is buy a Pompano park program for tonight And you'll get a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor players room Did it include roles and butter salad a heaping plate of pasta and Mirano Marisosti you can't be with his dick. Don't steal a silverware by the way They don't mind if he show up from win more and all those other plays what's the other place in the Pompano Ceditary village. No, there's no win more money. And they don't mind if you show up for your free food, but just those deals silverware or the tray Just a half mile from both on 95 and Florida turn Pompano park is easy to get to invest of all Pompano park features free admission in free general parking every single day live harness racing in the poker room now open five nights a week Every Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday poker starts at noon and of course, so that's goes on all midnight And live racing gets underway nightly and cool tonight at 705 in a PM every Monday night like tonight There's a two for 25-hour dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor Every Wednesday at the track is dollar night for draft beer so this hot dogs and lots more and every Thursday is ladies night for two Two for one drink special just for the ladies also every night at the fourth floor players room is a 795 Plated dinner special Pompano park also open for final casting every day seven days and nights a week starting at noon with harness Thurbot high-lion action from all across North America. Don't forget to please forget it in her's waiting for us A high-to-dick fine-bergance table tonight at Pompano park a block out of the landing Boulevard on Powerline Road for the curr racing schedule call nine five four nine seven two two 1000 or check them on a worldwide web at pop at oh park dot com Don't like Every Ohmania My TV Here's President Fum Ray public and muscle in And in our kitchen in India I don't know why Ray of wood wanted yabana He's here First fruit of the accordion With President Fum Fum Oh, what I can do Oh, what I can do You got clothes on small And yet to we all wanted more In your office You don't know the lips Drunken, stupid You don't know the truth And this drunk and rich kid Don't go crazy then Don't worry then me Please, President Fum Yeah don't care what it's all You got on me and my hook from the cross The Christian Riding Oh, what I can do You and I will have no fear We've got a great leader here With President Fum Oh, these are a couple of 20 factors We'll send me now 23 at 5.60 Everybody come we got the mad dog back Two Bo, Kim Bo camper for Hank and Chul As the 4 to 7 because the Humper is of tourists He's got a scratchy trod he's at the doctor again Travelers and altitude to Come on Hank, you can do it Here's the birth fact This is an of course you notice it's university pharmacy All right, right We're always just sending us the same now content Always bitching and moaning Just turn it off already, okay? Just go away Fake fake facts of course Of course Of course, because it says sincerely A listener that is stop listening Right Now look at the word if you look at the word Listener Misspelled by the way But if you look at the word listener You see the writing is that this is just a chronic thanks From university pharmacy by the way Where ever now that is Listener I'm pleased to see you are not bush bashing If you've nothing to say about bush better You're not saying anything at all I would think of Corvette lovers Yourself would know the new Corvette is 6th generation Not five did not say 5th or 6th who it Hello is what there's this make and James Dean was great And he drove porces Well that's one of the reason he wasn't great And he died while racing his Porsche Get your fash rate and quit ruining our country Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha A listener that has stopped listening But he sure glad to see don't don't get your hopes up. Remember they tried that a couple of years ago. Oh, well near there's so many people disagree with you politically if you just have a good time and and just screw around. We'd like you so much better than what they're trying to do is they can't do it the other way by intimidation. So they can't get me fired even though they tried their damnedest with the condolese and all that crap. But no, so the next deal is, oh we'd like you so much better. And everybody will listen to you and market down in their diaries as long as you stop bashing our prison and his band of Mary Nazis and Washington. Then they're never going to happen on a show. Ever. Not going to happen on this show. Not for next three years anyway. I mean when you get your show, yeah, then you can talk about it. Tits an asshole day again, you know right and get fired at basketball. And talking about Bush. Here's another one that says hello and happy new year. I'm writing a response to what you said about the men's health magazine saying that Texas has five cities that are weighted the fattest in the nation. Being an native Texan. I can vouch for this. However, you said that Texan's there are a bunch of Yahoo's and that's why we're so fat. You go on to say just look at our president. I don't think is that's what I said. Is it? No, in terms of being fat. He's not fat. He's just the fat head. As for Texan's being a bunch of Yahoo's, that's not so for all Texans. Some Texans have actually aware of the world. I imagine probably some about third man to say all Texans are Yahoo's might as well say that all people in South Florida Yahoo's as well. And I would say except for maybe a few small handful. As for our president being from Texas, that's not so he's from Maine. Well, because he was born from Maine and he was a bunching it up in there for a while, that's not the point he's been in Texas for a long, long time. But a third man including governor twice and former owner of the Texas Rangers who traded away what's his name? Who did trade away? Drats can be. Sammy Sosa. Unfortunately, claims Texas as his home and since he does, please don't blame all Texans for that. Love your show. We'll continue to listen. What a little happy face. Well, thank you so much. I guess 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How are we doing on that total man? How's those peaches? totals? We got 476. We need 600 votes by 2 o'clock or George does all the rest of the week shows. In fact, if we don't get 600 votes by 2 o'clock, George is doing January and just plain bits. Yeah. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How many of you in? Hello. Yes. I have a couple for you. This is probably too late. I'll be late. I'll be late. Never too late. Arnold. Okay. Ellen to generous. Right. Alan fun. Alan fun from Candid Camera. That's my pay. I'll see you later. Okay. I didn't think he was rated much less overrated. Now, Alan fun. He's been dead for a hundred years. But not I don't put him on it. The other two are good. Arnold at Ellen D. generous. But that's his opinion, God dammit. Who the hell am I to be dickening around with his opinion? Right. Right. Just like somebody we had no one can't stand say. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah. Well, good for you Disney. Have another drink. He's a crap. 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Keep cranking out those heads. Mike. Keep cranking them out. Baby. Keep jamming it. Man. Just just to have one of those FM stations that Cox and Chief Channel are bootchering in that time. Just to have one of them for a year. Could you imagine be forget about even being syndicated. Just be it on an FM station where there are living and breathing people listening. Oh, you missed it while you were on vacation. What was that? We're broadcasting in HD digital now. Yeah. And how many HD digital radio's are there in the world? Oh, man. We have one. Who has one? The station. And who's got it? I think in the engineering they share it. Well, good. Maybe that back there listening to me in digital HD whatever it is. They pass it around. And as opposed to as opposed to working on fixing line one on the phone and getting the place working again. What a bunch of it. WQAM hello. Hi. Good afternoon. Yes, man. Yes, is it speaking? Neil? Yes. Hi. I am a lady from North Miami Beach. Excellent. I wanted to know first. Can I add to you a list? Billy Bob Dorton. Billy Bob Dorton? Please. Okay. And the other thing, I don't know if you saw the article about the woman here who is in court because she built her child and then shook the baby to death. Yeah, I did see that. Yeah, I did see her. I mean, these people shouldn't be having children. They should have been fixed a long time ago. I have two children and they get on my nerves, but I would pull my hair out first before I would harm them. Well, that goes back to what I've been preaching for years for sterilization. Yeah. And you and I can pick who the victims are going to be. I have a great year. Thanks. Bye. Thanks, but you know those and the hard word story they got those machines that shaped the paint for you. I got one of those. That's what I use on my kid. You mean the kid that you didn't want? That's right. You didn't work those. No, she still doesn't. Well, maybe you should have put something else in that machine, okay? Might not have had the kid. 20 till 1 at 5, 60 WQAM at this style of the year if you have company in your house. Why would you still have company in your house? See, this is another bonus piece of copy. Oh. Seriously, that's what it says here. I know. Or if you just in South Florida for the one we need new mattress, that's more likely. Pick up the phone right now and call the delivery experts in 1-800 mattress and tell them that Jeff Heisen asshole when you call by the way. They'll know that, but reaffirm it. That's the number for dollar mattress. They know that nothing can improve your daily health well being in productivity better than a great night's sleep. In other words, it makes you feel great. Kick off the new year right. Resolve yourself to a better night's sleep in 2004. By calling dialometrist toll-free 1-800 mattress. Celebrate the new year in comfort with a new mattress and dialometrist. Pick up the phone and call them right now. dialometrist is proud of added Stearns and Foster Hewitt to their already strong championship lineup. Stearns and Foster is the finest mattress made in America, and now you can sleep on one as soon as tonight by making at one easy call to 1-800 mattress. And of course dialometrist also carries the complete line of ceiling. Surt a Simmons King Quill and tempered pedic too. Choose from dozens of models at low unbeatable every day discount prices. And keep in mind only dialometrist ought to choose that too hard to live every window that meets your schedule any day seven days a week from 8am to 10pm. You pick the time like noon to 2-1-3 and they show up. With low prices same-day delivery free set of removal it's easy to see. Our dialometrist is ranked the best in a world of customer satisfaction. So what I've been doing for years and everybody else at QM's doing now call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. dialometrist is the easy to smartwitting into a great night's sleep. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros.com. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. I feel sorry that those people are waltzing around and picking up the guy named Space Enbureen the first year that somebody useful could be doing. 2-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 1-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. 2-800-MATTRES or online find them at macros. You know it's pathetic. Narada Narada repetition and it's the same crap every single year too. And they're supposed to just say and hate a soccer once that's of. And just tell it like it is. They've always got some convoluted excuse. These guys haven't even hit the shower yet and they're already talking about this and that. Listen, I understand that you think that that's a finger printing in the ice can is a good idea. Yeah. Yeah, I do too. I mean, why didn't they do this like 10 years ago? You do, do they realize how the people that are against us, how many people that are criminals and wanted felons that they would touch at the borders as a result of doing this? Let me give you a good example of that. When our flight got to Toronto from Amsterdam, they open up the door on KLN. They open the door up and we're getting ready to the. The plane and all of a sudden we see three or four cops out there. They got the arm bands, police and all of a sudden. And they buzzed, talking with the flight attendants and they tell everybody, go back, please sit down, have your passport ready. And there was some guy that they dragged off of their day. I will say this, you did come forward voluntarily. Some dark, complexive guy. But they said, is so and so on or plane, they came forward. They slept and often they let us off the plane. And it worked. Great. And it worked. Exactly. Listen, I'm sure you didn't watch the Democrats. I did. I did. I taped it and I watched it last night. You know what the real shame is? And I know you've spoken about this at great length. And I'm with you, you know, these, the whole Democratic party is self-destructing. And for these candidates to come out instead of talking about the issues, to turn around and to shoot down the front one or what is that doing? Especially, especially, Lieberman. I thought his performance yesterday was so grotesque. Of course, he's grotesque anyway. But his men and women are talking to all the topies and asshole men. And listen, one last thing is, I've told me, he's brave. He cheesed for his for lunch. Two last things. One, I rented Requiem, but I haven't seen it yet. Please. And another thing is, there was a poll in the Washington Post that said that, I believe, it's 62 or 65 percent of all Americans. Now it does not matter if weapons of mass destruction are ever found in Iraq. In other words, that means that those people don't care if we relied to. And you know what? I read that. And I was like, you know, this is why we went to war in the first place. And now all of a sudden, all those soldiers, all of those injuries, everything. Now it does not. It's all for not. It doesn't matter. Pretty. And if he was easy to be fast to lose with somebody else's life. And if you look at what this president is doing, okay, the legislation that he's proposing now, because in all of his money that he's spending on the war and everything else, this is all borrowed money, people, people that are your bushwickers. This is all borrowed money. Take a look at the deficit. If you look at all the legislation that he's thinking about, it's only good for one year, which means that once he gets reelected, he will not renew what he plans on doing. And people need to really understand that. It's all temporary. They don't, and they won't, man. No, I'll see you at the border. Thanks. 259-562 WQM at the last mortgage, you'll ever need the only one mortgage from financial group. The benefits are incredible. Zero closing, cause zero application, fees, zero credit, zero fees, zero discounted points. It's a shelf to new low interest rate, it's just 1.25%. If you have 100,000 alone, you pay only 334 bucks a month, a 200,000 alone, you pay much only 608 a month. And don't forget, once you be financially into home mortgage from financial group, you'll never pay closing costs again. So call and check this out today. 1-800-9 for Oland, get the low rate mortgage you deserve and then move to the next property without further cost of expense. Zero underwriting fees, zero dot fees, zero closing costs even when you move to another property. With the new low rate financing, it's just 1.25% with the only one mortgage from financial group. For details, call 1-800-9 for Oland, that's 1-800-9 for Oland, the never pay closing costs ever again. Financial group, 1-800-9 for Oland, the equal housing lender restrictions apply, raise 70 to change monthly 4.21 APR. I'm Judge Roy Moore, in the next best thing to watch an end, Colterr, Spake, Matt Drugs, is the Dale Rogers parent balance 1-2 hour. And my mother, I want you back, but that's my totally, but that's my back, one on the ground, and that's my up top, for that much money can buy a lot of time supply of loss. If you're the weird one, you need their appeal, because the only one does that. And I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm just going to say, I'm going to say, I'm just going to say, you can do nicely. And of course, if you did buy Elvis's moral on the Alphir bay on the internet. you could be to tooth very very. Anyway speaking of ferries some asshole sends me this facts in small letters it says Neo you forgot oh you know who this is? Yeah I do they freedmen. Am I wrong? No you're nerd. And the reason I know that is because of the teeny tiny print he's the only one that ever does that. And there's a different header which is actually on the bottom which shows that it's not him it's from another ironic and who's this from the Guardian. Yeah yeah well anyway Neo you forgot to mention free spree any night of pompato park that did I forget to mention it and I mentioned it the spot when I mentioned it twice and I talk about cemetery village and win more of those people don't steal a silverware. Get lost okay few you man. You know there is something I do want to read and I read it on Friday but nobody was in town and so nobody was listening Friday and I'm gonna read it again. Very short. Okay it's from the great Mike Walker at the National Enquirer. Jackson Brothers claim a police brutality bogus writes Mike it says your main Jackson shut up. Despite your bizarre claim that Santa Barbara cops you label racist rednecks ruffed up brother Michael nobody laid a glove on the glove one my inside sources insist remember on the only journalist who's reported details of the booking procedure Michael describing his eye colorist chocolate for example and my sources sneer at your charge that he was very much mistreated physically in fact they say Michael was so grateful for respectful treatment he had an assistant deliver autograph photos himself complete with holiday greetings to the booking officers which annoyed his lawyers no end I hear. My sources also say Michael can't stand you German and really speaks to you you. You disdemeanor's ago with your notorious song word to the bad snubbing it grows plastic surgery and weirdness you warbled once you were made you changed your shade was your color wrong could not turn back it's an own fact you were too far gone at the time German you called it an attempt to heal our relationship are today's outrageous lies your latest pathetic stab at healing Mike Walker with the inquire wants to know I's gone Mike you go boy I love the inquire see there's a classic example they don't like at the end of the debate yesterday one of the last things that they asked each of the candidates to admit a mistake that he made or she he's a crumple as they brought and they did although we were going to course very very wishy washi and some silly as you know pathetic but here's a mistake I made I used to disdemeanor's the inquire I used to think it was like the star and the tatler and the weekly world news all these other talents and the fact that a matter is that 99% of the time if it's any inquire like the Robert Blake story they broke it right they evolved see they got sued one too many times and decided to you know that all their stories henceforth right and they do a great job of it too the worst limbo story that's where I found it I remember somebody this in me for I told me in the national encarmer with that right and look what happened at him huh and they'll teach you for how by the way wouldn't he come and back any minute no don't say that 550 votes on a pool the most overrated major celebrity of all time and there's no oldies on here you know like a humpy boulder not that he was over red this is an example the only oldie on here I think is John Wayne right yes first like real oldie although Bill Cosby oh he's not in the same category with with John with Mary and Wayne whatever the hell is named what all for a one three hundred and thirty six nobody can touch her fat ass I'll take it out right now Barbara Streisand sixty four seeing a cruise is in a death and she's in a good battle for third there no one in a in a death clench she's got 47 Dr. Phil 44 and James Dean 43 the three are man separated by a hair and Dr. Phil Wishes he had it. Dick Cart 22 Frankson out for twenty one Jerry Lewis fourteen a lady the flago with his Michael what a Alan thirteen Jim Perry thirteen Elvis Presley thirteen Larry King eleven Jerry signed for eleven Andy Copington everybody all single digits see you have to ask yourself the question would Jerry Lewis and what point did we start to really hate him because I like Martin Lewis I mean Chris I'm an old fart they were on television and you generally speaking like almost everything it was on TV because it was on you know not like he had a grat lot of choices I'd say color color changes color no one when he made a color movie when those those black white movies were kind of funny yeah color ruined it I don't understand I must be listening to crap up he said at what point I just had to choose a point you're you're missing five six seven oh five six deep on five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I think when his head I'm not talking about when he got sick and his head started getting fat just when his head started getting fat or in general at that point we started turning on him WQA not there WQA and hello and you yes sir how are you today I'm okay sir happy new year and the same to you I have to for you I thought Rosio Cow and Rosiano bigger okay you know Rosemba yeah I got a book okay thank you for your boring I mean you're great call well was that a put on or was that for real I don't know but like real yeah Ted no not like Ted on talking downers are we do we want to put them on there Rosio don't like it so there there are all these kind of pulls you know Rosio already on there she is that's all he wrote it Rosanne bars already on here yeah that was my big oh I see Dennis Miller's got one well wait a hell is Rosanne bar I don't see how many she got oh she's already got five excellent choice she's tied with asian esht in the couture and Britney Spears and Bill Cosby and John Wayne what a group I'd like to have a party with John Wayne Bill Cosby asht in couture Rosanne bar and Britney Spears I'll bring the dick away I'm already there by the way the good news is Brittany got a quick enalment okay she was just a little bit a party and a festive kind of a mood and say let's tie it on you know Miguel brought up a good point during a break he pot really so that he was the guy he'd be going to divorce court maybe she'll be on with Judge during next week would be for a settlement and Miguel cut the crap okay and I'm surprised he wasn't in her screen about Celia Cruz seriously he was which is he said his family was psychotic with me because what we both said about Celia Cruz he was one was two but they wouldn't tell you you see I'm dead now but that renal my way now was alive exactly 12 minutes after one at five sixty nobody can hear some other great spot for you for balance for life in fact they're gonna be getting more attention now I can't do that doctor atkins maybe changing his tune oh my god what kind of spot is this Troy are you out of your mind or what Jesus I think too much comedy would have young girls at that Christmas party that's what put Troy a stratford over the edge that's what I'm here but the goodness is try stratford is back with us how's the ringdoin seen her anyway if a lot of people out there have made loosened way does their new years resolution which we do every year it's the same old stuff and then you still stay fat maybe you can pack out a few more pounds your packet and balance for life could be the answer that you're looking for quick titering it's the convenient affordable weight loss need healthy gourmet meal service delivery for so much about to visit eat right to tear to cook tonight no time for shopping hate doing the dishes tired that afternoon drowsiness you feel about a crawl up like a ball on the corner and sleep for hours no time for the gym is he still making the way is you why oh no balance for life is the answer you're looking for and don't forget and now the famous doctor rack is changing his tune in his new book the age defined by revolution he talks exclusively about zone based principles and of course balance for life is based on the zone that doctor very serious no kind of you know jeans series or Brian series or even jacers here's the deal they bring you a little black sack by six o'clock in the morning right here door at homework and in there's all the food you need for the whole day three gourmet meals hormonally balanced two delicious snacks and even a sixty ounce bottle water it's there by six o'clock all the food you need for the week the only choice you have to make is between two altered is reach meal every day that's right on a program you feel like the menu they bring you the food and the wait just pause off your body I think maybe you need a hormonal balance and then their on-step dieticional consult with a weekly to guarantee you lose the weight and continue to succeed so get started for real on the new year's resolution right now I'd imagine could be the last 15 pounds she's doing great she's a sweetheart call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine that's nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine check them on the web at balance for life dot com and believe me you'll be sick in a different tune to my life and look all this is for 20 five sixty you can weigh him the eighties are back they are home and 50's funny man Jerry Lewis is to are you sure what kind of and now the 50's meet the 80's to form a super group for the new millennium intro using Jerry Lewis and the news hey the rock and roll hard and rock and roll is still beating with the men's records and the a-r-d-n-clave and already which is Reagan and the white all those places the kingdom comedy is about to become the prince of pop it's Jerry Lewis and the news the 80 of these I like and who drug no need those plays it is a nice man who promises type or is it a white gold and it's even here for the buy something round like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news available you can find it wherever fine records are all with the nice man behind the calendar they'll be a find it with the nice lady by some okay well one 18 you know Chris must be second because the bit that it says here that well he wants to hear which I'll play the next break that I had that cut up how do you like that and I thought well Jerry Lewis I better play some Jerry Lewis think as we just bitching about him so that was actually cut up there you go shocking man those psychic who says I'm not in touch touch this anyway speaking of his fudge uh... work went to help they was this off Friday off Friday at that long go it's only three days as to vote for a democratic presidential nominee if the election were held today twice as many registered democrats would choose uh... Vermont governor Howard Dean over john kiri twenty two to ten percent leave room in nine westly clerk eight got it got it uh... let's see dick give heart ten percent for dick i see if the didn't run fourteen percent for kiri thirteen for clerk twelve percent for uh... leave room and ten percent for dick now indirect matchups against w it's a year this voters would vote this way this is a poll taken by time CNN December 30th in january first bush fifty one percent in forty six percent pretty close bush over leverman i don't believe this one fifty two to forty sixy that's the life actor right there's a lot of that go to bush over kiri fifty four to forty three percent bush over give heart fifty three to forty four bush over clerk fifty three to forty three and bush over john and words fifty three to forty three i think john and which other crossover across the list go away right he's just he's just a not a real drilling yahu but like a somewhat drilling yahu in our main little bit of rule one strand don't like it under's also a story i don't want to read no bedtime stories but there's a story on our website you must read today from the scottland sunday here old sottoms captains of the abrockard behind the scenes can i read just a couple of uh... it'll make you puked okay well the reason i say puked is that the patriotic union of Kurdistan puked yeah i call it puked rumors of the crucial Kurdish role in the captains of the um have persisted even though an hour seems their previously you for expoxman have now been afflicted by an inexplicable bout of reticence under words and not talking like the americans as well it was that two weeks ago that the sunday here will reveal how a Kurdish special forces unit belonging to the patriotic union of Kurdistan puked puked had spearheaded and tracked on sottoms sitting off the aldoar farmhouse long before the arrival of the west forces puked leader jallal talabani it shows no delictonus details of the uh... operations commander kus root rousul alie the the rating in media long before sottoms captains reported by the main stream western press or confirmed by the west military by the time western press agencies are running the same story the entire emphasis had changed that were in the outside of the raki president had been captured in a raid by ua's forces back by Kurdish fighters does not any might want to read on a website believe it or not i believe it okay five six seven oh five sixty how we come over to those uh six hundred votes uh five hundred and uh eighty four see i let's rock talk to easy like slime off a log yeah mad dog is back at two today and it's about time all right he's this crisis and on vacation for months but thirty minutes and months lots of stress lot of pressure at least you know how many pressure no more Michigan got their ass kicked dolphins didn't make a playoff so we have to be really mellow today the uh... bomb ice their kimbo camper for the hopper it for from shulas they too because the hopper is like uh... a little scratchy maybe hankling if he's got the strategy throw maybe can start doing a for all thing good point hey stupid stupid uh... i can hear it given a shot hopper w qm hello hey nil yeah i got i got some of your list about uh... waiting he's on there not doing too well though i can't believe it oh really unbelievable he ought to be given over he ought to be given that bit your run for her money okay buddy next lot of palmy have a great year how is he doing way newton uh... nine oh and speaking of the i i that the robber greeper um... resume that you've fixed me before yeah we're the word of that come from the fact's machine oh somebody faceted to us yes so robber creeper shop in his resume around so i'm only he's looking for a monster dot comic fun i guess i shouldn't have said that why not okay what why why would you not want to say the foyer's might want to check out robber creeper's resume right and when you just try if you put it on there then you're just given them some help you're given some help like right out out the door right it's time for him to go we don't like his attitude he's a little overqualified for uh... this kind of a shallop or job just like the person you told me emailed and said um... wanted to come and though what like the assistant producer or what was that yeah responding to some postings that we had about uh... a producer and a uh... part time i mean i was thinking about that that somebody i knew in calamazoo michigan let's see thirty five years ago that person would be like in their fiddys now perfect for entry-level uh... a bad parish the thought to be the qm lawyer hey uh... jorch yes sir happy new year and the same beauty we want to talk to the yes please where you call from call spring here's a call from crawl springs out you know i call for that I love you. I got two for your pull. Go ahead. Bob Hope was with Taylor. Bob Hope's already on there. I'm hoping he's moving up. He's there more. But Liz Taylor I think is fantastic. I love that. He's such a drunken slob man. Exactly. She makes me sick. Thanks a lot, Kelly. Have a good day. Then you too. Good day. Liz Taylor man. Now I don't know I mean she was attractive once upon a time when she earlier. He had great actress. No. Like who's afraid of Virginia? Well, that wasn't really acting. That was her. weren't they just being drunk and fighting? Right. Like I said that was just her hern a dick. Right. That was like a whole movie. She's one of those people. There's so many of those people. They just were all like at that 596 vote statement. Like I said, if we don't get to a thousand by 130. But God, they really when it gets to the last scene used to me the other way around on our pools. Always the now the response would Peter off as we go along. We've been adding a few more names on here. But now it's kind of like they want to like ensure they want to make so damn sure that you're not on a rest of the week. I think there's a message there. Not in the chain emails. I'm sending him. What was that what it is? Good. Good choice. Look at that. The Dow is up 94 in the Aztecs up 29. The economy is making a great comeback. There aren't too many people dying every day in Iraq. And things are just beautiful. What's not to like? You know? The deficit is only like trillions and billions. And once we get up our good, our military up there on Mars. How come we never got those pictures? I've been watching for that. Did you ever see him? I know. They sit around noon today. We were going to get the first color pictures from Mars. Didn't see him. Look, he bur eyes peeled. We're going to a current truck of the year. I've heard you that was a new system. A veteran. That's going to be the car of the year. That's not it, though. What is that? Pengeant. Now, it could probably fit inside the bed of a massive F 154 pickup truck in for it. That's that's what it was. What was that? I don't know. Hi, Grinty is the key to his economic future. The previous F 150 model is the best selling vehicle in America. With time to Christ for sales down 4% last year, the company hopes to spark sales with a number of new vehicles, including a new grand sport touring vehicle from Mercedes in Jeff Lock at the Detroit. I can't wait. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T of rise of Marleson. What a great segue into our spot. Isn't it? Yeah, for hell of Pontiac. GMC now. Auto City Pontiac. GMC of Pancras. Well, why not? You better go get you a log. Be right back. Expect the same great Neil deels at Auto City Pontiac in the same customer. Said, it's actually your custom to for last 5,000 years in the United States. And right now at Auto City of Pancras. It's a gigantic big. 2003 blow out sale on all remaining Pontiacs in GMC's Instaq. Get absolutely the best prices. And Auto City is loaded with 2004's. So take advantage is a 0% financing on all models in stock. Credit problems. No problem. Auto City's got an excellent selection of pre-owned cars for you to choose from. It's the brand new and thrilling Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pancras. 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's US when across from the falls. Open every day like always seven days a week. If you might more info call the Neil deel hotline toll for it. One triplet. 53442 11. That's one triplet 53442 11 keep in mind. All offers subject to credit. Approval see the folks at Auto City Pontiac for details. Lomberto Perez, your creator and the staff at the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pancras. Was you in yours a very happy new year. The brand new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pancras where you'll find low prices without the high pressures. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I thought I could get a decent Homer. But dinner on my boner is a bomber. And now my lap is full of crap because my monster tickled your tonsils filled your guts. If you can't help my nuts, I was hoping for a decent B.J. But now I am wearing Chinese buffet. All my modes were getting louder. Now my lap looks like crunch out or nasty slut. If you can't help my nuts. I should have held back my front. You will love your lunch. Now my lap has turned to disgust. If you can't help my nuts, don't get all your lunch. If you can't help my nuts. I've been in my car for about 10 seconds. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. I've been in my car for a long time. The reason I did that is because this story from the nation will be French and D'Ichini. Yes. I read the story a couple days ago. I don't know whether you had this on our website or if I put it on there. I don't know if I had a drug. So I just emailed it to Eric. It'll be on the website either. I'll never need to put it on. It's a pretty fascinating stuff about your advice. Maybe that's why they call him the vice president. He's a crook. I don't start that again. You don't have it such a good day. Don't start bush bashing in Cheney bashing in the Nazi bashing. Okay. Please add lies in the manelady. Somebody says an excellent choice. Especially right on the ass-hand of Liz Taylor. What a good quenella that is. The neurotic drunk. Wash down. Man. Just wish they would both go to hell away. Who's the most overrated major celebrity of all time? They can't touch you, Oprah. You're in a leak of your own baby. 141 say Oprah. Barbara Streisand 72. See that cruises tied with Dr. Phil 48. Why'd you like to see the two of them in the same box? James Dean 43. Frank Sinatra 25. Dick Clark 22. Elvis 17. Jerry Lowe as 15. Andy Coppen 14. Aren't you surprised at that? No. Larry King 14. Woody Allen 14. Jim Kerry 13. I find that offensive. Howard Stern 11. Jerry Seinfield 11. Slice the loan 11. We knew 10. Gloria Steph on 10. Johnny Carson Bob Hope 8 of piece. Bob Hosson got six. That's amazing. Britain. That's the sympathy factor. He just croaked. Although seated. Don't get the same sympathy factor. Because they really hate her. Brittany's got six. John Wayne's six share and asked him. Cutsher. Carson Daily. Rosie O'Donnell. Rose Ann Bar. Bill Cousby. Five of piece. Neil Diamond with foe. Ray Romano. Canter Reeves have three of piece. Sandra Bullock. I like her a lot. She's got two. Jimmy decurdist to Ellen D. Jennifer to a canstander. Mick Jagger to Dennis Miller to Kara Top 1. Patrick Swazie 1. Same person I think. Arnold Schwarzenegger 1. Dan Rader 1. Billy Bob Turn 1. And no votes yet. The big O. Which I can never figure that out. No votes for Will Smith or Liz Taylor. Huh. Although gets him votes. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. The Magdott makes a trumpet a losing return to the Safanon. After taking it right up the old. Back to shoot in two games. The evil game that was the turning point. That was the kiss of death for Miami. And then of course the rose bull man. Oh man. What a blowout. WQA Hello. QA. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. On another needle. Speaking. Are you doing a lot of come on for you? Okay. I got a one for Copenhagen. Yeah. And the other one for Almond. You have a Joe Rivers. Joe on Rivers is good. I can't be better. Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul. Thank you. You're welcome. Joe on Rivers is good. Especially if you happen to a channel serving Kermik Russ that the Shopping Channel. She's always on their peddling something man. She just, I don't know. And again, she's somebody I used to like a little bit. She just too much. Go away, Joan. Take your money. Take your jewelry. Take your husband. Go away. Go away, Joan. Used to be really, you know, she was funny in her time. But I was able to kill themselves. Really? Oh, there's Wesley Clark. What's he saying? Top. The $50,000 or less. And two children are more. Then you should put away your checkbook. You won't owe the government a diamond in context. Okay. It sounds good to me. Now, how come he wasn't there yesterday in Iowa? Even Jewelie Roman, who's not participating in the Iowa caucuses, even he was there because he just won't shut up. He's the, he's the hatchet man. He's the guy that they've sent out there to like go after him and get Dean. Mm-hmm. The attack man. The attack. The kill man. Right. That's a Jewelie Roman. Thanks me sick. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great, pali. Hey, how about a river feeding? How about me still dead? No, no, no, no. That's what you're talking about already. Hey, and go push. Ha ha ha. Oh, excellent. What a good quinella. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, Syria will be over a couple of hours for some of guacamole. See, the cruise was really Cuban. Right. Yeah. Now, what about Carmen Miranda? I don't know. Is that embarrassing? With all the, a lot of fruit on her head. You'd think, right? But she might have been some kind of a South American. I think she was like Brazilian, Carmen Miranda. Somebody will know. I have some sick, I think. I don't think Brazilian, but, uh, why, but, uh, well, I don't speak portagaisi. See, really? Yes. I'll be damned. She sure knew her fruit. Kind of like Lin Samuel, sure knew her fruit. WQAM. Did you? Did you? Yes, sir, right here. Did you? Yes, sir. How about that, Mono? Time articles are good, sure. I think you're a lot of hoats, but he's got no talent. Exactly. Thank you. Thank you so much. Have a good day. 560, pound 560, how about Wayne Arnold? No, we like Wayne. Wayne's a good guy. He's had a problem or two here along the way. He's had a bumpy rocky road, but he's a good man. In fact, maybe he'll bring in some food. Don't forget what I'm there. No food, man. Don't worry. No food. No problem. Really? Really? Well, that's good. Then keep your customers still a lot of their took. Even if he just makes a cameo appearance, he always demands free food. I like you. I used to like your a lot better. 567, first after that, fast you sent me about him. That was sad. I didn't know that. I don't remember what that was about. Was something that turned to war. Warmongering. Oh yeah, warmongering, Joe Costello that we told was a pretty head of head on screwed on straight. Well, maybe it's all in drugs that you keep peddling to him. Hey, now. That's right. You're giving them. WDQAM, hello. Oh, not really an active buddy to drug addict. Wash one, Bob. Yeah, how come we don't have him on the list? Thank you. Thank you, sir. I guess we're Alzheimer's is kicking. How could we forget? Thank you. Well, how could we forget? Rush. What is wrong with us? Because he's on all these lists. Yeah, but this see this is all encompassing. That's why I like this list today. Because we've never done. You know, we could have like the broadcaster or TV person. We've never done one. The most overrated media celebrity of all time, which covers everybody. Everybody who's like somebody, like I like a big somebody, like I contender. Rush Limbaugh, I think I think it's beautiful that we waited till like almost the end of he called into reminders. Because you'll see him rush right up that list. Believe me. Trust me what I tell you. If anybody can give that bitch a battle for her money, under his Pete Rose again, interested in.ography that he did that on the pay. You're a scumbag baby. You're a scumbag baby. You're a scumbag baby. You're a scam. Yeah. Yeah. Did I do something's charges for all? Okay, well, the most of it all. There you go. I'm back. Like I said, let's just dispense with it. You bitch, you've brought you home. And in this rosiel bottle, I know what I stand for. I own the name. I created it. I will always own the name. I'm not sure if I can make that as a good name. A bad name or what it kind of takes to you is your own conclusion. This rosy gift is screwed. It is not a crime to have a lot of truth. But all three kids of what a mouth she's got in. Trash her toys and I give it a squat. The rosy dream thingy else. She can nothing ride the back. She's not in the contract. There's no man. It is now right of the team. But why the hell the rosy dream? The goofy baby's name. Well, a team is show us how can it was. Can't get out. Can't even have a clue me. Start time cruise cut. You're the hunt grass. Nobody all went away. And now it's a horrible fight. Well, it's easy to fit. In the morning and it's even bigger. One in nine. 144. Five six. This is great facts. It's a great Nobel laureate in economics. Joseph Stiglitz. The Bush administration is borrowing. A billion dollars a day plus interest just to keep this country afloat. All I can say is that to Dan chain we can't borrow the money from rooms to go. At least then the interest wouldn't start till June of 2006. And Paul suggested Madonna. They say, How come we don't have a Donna on there? We do love. Do we now? Well, see a lot of these that are like you said on all the pools eventually. I am a sooner or later we got around them. I'm surprised Rarsha's got an avociet. At a six hundred and some odd 58. Wait till I get home. Okay. Here's one. It says I can't believe that ugly Jennifer Lopez's name has made the list yet. She's so disgusting and her dumb boyfriend Ben Offlock the real adook. Did we put him on there? I did. I spelled it right to. And her. Her. I'll ride. I'll ride. Now this other page is bothers me. Jay Leno, I'll go along with that. No problem. No talent. Just a big chin. But Steve Allen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I hope he didn't put Steve Allen on there. Sure. I said all of them. Why? Steve Allen was the most overrated major celebrity of all time. Some of his younger actors don't remember. And adding. Here he was one of the great innovators of television with a tonight show and with his Sunday night show. I'll take a look for it. Just because he became seen Alan Appnoxious in the goody two shoes there before his death. Please. See that's all I remember. Well guess what you wrong. Bad move. Get him off of their Eric. No Steve Allen. Okay. If he got one vote it would be like secret liggis. 560505060 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line. How many QA and hello? Yes sir. Hey listen. I'm looking for the maybe you know number of some of your deals with the 55 and older retirement. Contribute any association. Maybe a lawyer or nothing. Am I the lawyer? No. Call up my mother. 5605050505050 on the AT&T. What was that? I don't know. What was it? He's looking for a lawyer. Think he thought he was reaching Bruce Williams. I see. Oh, what's doing? What's doing? Call the lawyer. Is he still on the years somewhere? No idea. Oh. I sure hope not. WQM the famous line 9. Not there. Oh that's good news. That's a good move. Excellent. WQM hello. You know God. Yes sir. I have a chance to check the website. Did you have a story about the FBI demanding the the rumours from off Vegas last weekend? I mean I don't even think I put it on there. I saw it. I read the story. All right. So you know the basic fact stuff that I've seen. Yeah. Okay. And also the other thing that you talked about in the the reports in Europe to do the retina scan to whatnot. The program is called premium. Right. And you have to be a citizen of one of the you have a the you countries of course. I think there's about like the 12 with 13 countries on the on the list. And obviously you are citizens you know don't qualify. But it does do what you said it involves both a retina scan. And they take those biometric measurements of your hand you know those kinds of things. Right. And the combination of those two is like is literally foolproof. There's no. Like the caller said before we should have been doing this for years. I mean anybody can get a fake passport. It's easy as hell. You know, I'm certain you know, you a citizens already can do that. You know what the INS pass you could do that with just the bite and the biometric measurement of your hand. You thought that your passport with you but I'm not going to be able to bypass the line. But this actually does the retina as well. Which is much more secure. That's a way to go. All right. Thank you. Have a great day five six seven. Five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and team for rise in the level. So I'm going to come up with two. The bold my steer for a hand can for it. That's not a good way to start the new year. You know. Whatever. Well, now what does that mean? Whatever. That's not good. Don't be saying it like that. Whatever. Well, I mean the man's got to do what he's got to do. He's got to do what he's got to do. He's got to stop eating man. He's got to become like a half a load. Does that what they always say half a load is better than none? The toad and the half a load sounds like it sounds like a winning combination of me. The knee metode. If you're he's on before. If you're planning on replacing your carpets because they don't look new anymore. Thinking about having your carpetary rugs had rape professionally clean. There's only one place to call call my good friends. It dry concepts first. Because they're simply the best in the business. It's bringing your carpets back to life. They've been doing it for me for over 20 years now. My house sanitize your home today using dry concepts certified trained technicians who know their stuff. They'll drag things your carpets. Same idea is drag thing you're clothing. Leaving a vibrant and color soft of the touch. Dry concepts the best in the business at the standards for all others to follow and don't forget your rugs would be dry within one to two hours. So you can clean today and literally entertain tonight. So called the NCI can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning with dry concepts. Call them tool free at 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. That's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 like I always said it to the best in the universe. Why press your carpets? Anybody else? They give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job. Or you can find out more info about them on their website at dryconcepts.com. Can't believe the language I hear home to you. Every other word is an obscenity. It used to be that cable was a whole lot worse, but now the networks let their act as curds. There's no way the sites of this have said a key. All the dialogue contains profanity. Swearin like a sailor on a pre-name cast. Words are whole lot worse than ass. If my man comes home with a fee before they drop the effo on their word. TV. If my man comes home there's the tail and wave. The drop one on your TV. Oh, right. I can't wait myself. 15 2 5 60 WQM. We never got to this DNA test thing. No, it did not. That's because you didn't remind me. Hey, don't forget that Michael Jackson. Okay, they test thing. In the examiner, it says DNA test if we've once in for all of Michael Jackson is the real father of his three children. Maybe demanded as a result of child molestation charges against him say sources. You know those sources? So they say it. The explosive development in the child molestation case with end speculation that is swirled around the pop king for years. That is two sons and one daughter were conceived by sperm donors. Squirtch court. If Michael is found guilty and sentenced to jail, he may have to give up custody of the kids of source post to the investigation tells the examiner. If that happens, whether or not he's the biological father will be an important factor in deciding where they will go. And investigators have another compelling reason to test the kids's DNA. If it's discovered that Michael's been lying about being their father, prosecutors will dig even deeper to find out what else the singer's been hiding. Michael's pals are concerned that the DNA test will prove there is no blood likely between Jackson and the three kids says a Jackson family insider. I think he's claimed the kids are his because it makes him look in the eyes of his fans. But when you see Michael's kids, it seems obvious that he's not the father. That's why he makes them where they're veils. It's clear to me that these kids are white, not biracial. Maybe they got like a early die job, a bleached job. Or they got that illness that he's supposed to have had. Oh yeah right. Michael and sisters, two older children, some Prince Michael 1, 6 and daughter Paris 5, were conceived naturally with second wife Debbie Roe, formerly in the Sitton the medical office of Michael's past exergent. But mysteriously Debbie handed them over to Michael right after their births and doesn't have anything to do with the children. She brought them to the world. I had them because I wanted Michael to be a father, Debbie said, I didn't do it to be a mother. The circumstances surrounding the child's third child, 21 month old Prince Michael of tooth, the son Michael calls blanked, I even more mind-boggling. And Michael's behavior with the baby's already sparked an outcry among professionals who theories an unfit father, no kidding. First he said the boy was conceived during a relationship with his anonymous mother, then he changed the story saying he'd never met the child's mother, and then he donated sperm to make her a surrogate mom. They conflicting accounts cast suspicion on Michael, experts say they could be used against him if he stands trial for molestation mean while, social workers are desperately trying to talk to the two older kids to evaluate their well-being and they aftermath of the charge against Michael 45. Ready for that? That goes on and on and on. An asshole is continuing, buying his records and watching him on. You watch the special on Friday Friday and on CBS. You talking to me? Yeah. And I thought it would be joke. It's just a joke. Anybody watch the Michael Jackson special on CBS because if you did, you got something for you. It's got your name on it. I mean, there's no shame anymore. In other words, if they can drop off serratings for just like the interview on 60 minutes, here is a show that is always weekend and week out for the last 100 years, always in the top 5 or 10 in viewing 60 minutes, legendary, right? Right. And they don't care. What does they pay them the million dollars and that is almost insignificant. The fact that they would put them on their dispute once you crap and make up that story about being abused by the cops. And just, just again, the dispute propaganda and put a spin on it is the pathetic. Here's the pull as it is now. We got how much we got close to 700 votes on there. 682, you see? I think they're doing it just in case. If we get 700, then I get credit for tomorrow. What would you mean by that? I said tomorrow we were going to do 700. So tomorrow's already done. Now I say tomorrow, 666. Oh, that's right. So we have to ease, but you don't think all audiences back here today do you? It's not going to come back from vacation. The first day is line one fifth yet. Huh? Please take a look around you. Is the entire staff there today? Are they all present accounted for? You seen Greg yet? Not today. See you on Friday? No, you haven't been here yet actually. You seen him on Friday? I'm not sure. The Greg Readmeister? I think the remote can be between now and then. Too many mushrooms. Here's that pull question. Who is the most overrated major celebrity of all time? Oprah Winfrey 147. Marvers Tricell and 72. Dr. Phil Todd would see that cruise 50 apiece. Jimmy Dean 43. That's right. You can't say Jimmy Dean. There is a Jimmy Dean. Making a two-food. James Dean 43. Frank Sinatra 27. Elvis Presley 23. Dick Clark 22 people can't stand Dick. Andy Kaufman 16 and it just changed again. I hated. And it changed very slowly too. A Woody Allen 16. Larry King 16. Jerry Lewis 16. Jim Kerry 13. Wayne Newton started to make a move. Look out for Wayne. He's moving it. He's got 12. Gloria Stephon 12. Jerry signed for the 11. Slice the loan 11. Howard Stern 11 and Brittany Spears 10. Everybody all small potatoes and single digits. W to Q AM. Hello. Yeah. Look for Neil. Speaking. Good afternoon. Sir. How's everything? Everything is great. Sensational. Once we're pulled. Kirk Douglas. That qualified. Kirk Douglas. You thought he couldn't act as well out of a paper. I didn't know. Okay. I don't know. Hey, I was one of one other quick thing. I was pulling out of my neighborhood the other day and you will not believe it. There's the huge largest billboard of good old typical rush. And it's state rush is right. I can't believe that. I am far away. Far away. Look at far. Okay. Thanks a lot, Sally. Happy to hear. You too. Let's see. Ray Faxes and says. Applying my meager law knowledge to Michael Jackson. The new law that California passed probably will not apply to him. The new law can't be passed to convict on a past deed that was not a crime when it was committed. Also past crimes and I was allowed in evidence for a new trial unless of course it's on Fox News. Your terrorist alert fair and balance station. Says you understand Mike. Mike. Mike crowd friend. P.S. You're right about the grandfather. Gripping have to watch it always the first choice. More stories not less than keeps me up today with the world says Ray. George is in his best way to talk about religion politics. Talk about religion and politics George. No. When you run to rest the world. I mean anyway. Are you going to start with a religion crap again? You heathen bastard. Good. A fouls wrong with you. You better you better start mending your fences with the Lord man. I'm in lockstep with the Lord. You better better watch your your mind your evil ways. I just spoke to him. I'm doing everything right. And what did he say? He said good job boy. Anyway, we got the mad dog coming up next year. This was like a trial today. You know, like a like a dry run. Kind of. Yeah, dry hump. Yeah. And maybe tomorrow when we come back we'll do like a real show or maybe now we will just keep a try and it for a few days. One day we could do dry hump day. Then sounds good to me. We got the bull mice to write chillas for the humber for the seven of the afternoon. Get better soon. Humber. Get that load going. Bye. I'm going to show. I'm flying. I'm going to show. I'm flying. I'm flying. I'm flying. I'm flying. I'm flying. I'm flying. I'm flying. I'm flying.